DISCLAIMER: ALL OF THE CHARACTERS AND SCENARIOS BELONG TO JKR AND/OR WARNER BROS. 88888888 Cecilia Frobisher is not where she had been. She had been happily unmarried to Remus Lupin and had been living quietly in their cottage in the Lake District waiting for their time to get wed. She had helped the Order of the Phoenix to formulate a potion with a scientific foundation in collaboration with Severus Snape for Harry Potter in order for him to successfully fight and defeat Lord Voldermort. It had been successful, but not as successful as everyone had hoped. Continuing her work Cecilia had been in the process of refining what she and Snape had been working on in light of a genetic influence of magic upon wizards and had, in addition and quite unexpectedly, formulated a possible scientific hypothesis as to why werewolves are adversely influenced by the full moon and why the "Wolfsbane" potion works to a certain extent. For his part as a Recipricator, Albus Dumbledore had been put on trial in the Ministry of Magic, had been told to "oblivate" Cecilia's memory and not to operate as a Reciprocator again. When he refuses, dementors are sent to Cecilia at the cottage but before they had arrived Snape appeared unexpectedly and had made off with her in the nick of time as Death Eaters surrounded the cottage. Tabitha Penwright, who now worked in the Ministry for Magic under Dolores Umbrage, had, later than most, discovered she was a witch, but quite a bad one. She had a gift for interpreting magical artefacts, a Mysteriour, so Tabitha's job in the Department of Mysteries suited her perfectly. Her brother however, a muggle, had been contacted by Death Eaters and Cecilia's friend, Libby and her husband, Derek had been murdered by him, leaving Freya, their daughter an orphan who Tonks and Nick Smith (a muggle scientist) had taken in. Meanwhile Cecilia worked undercover as a tutor for none other than Dudley Dursley, whose new best friend, Darren Malloy, bore a remarkable resemblance to a white-haired young wizard we all know (and Harry despises) and who has been sent by his family to Dudley's school in order to undercover what he could from Dudley. It was only a matter of time before he discovered Cecilia's true identity. On doing so, Cecilia, having figured out that Petunia Dursley had also magical gifts, but had turned her back on them because of her feelings towards how her parents had treated Lily more favourably to her and, on receiving a Hogwarts letter later on in her teens, had rejected it, having had a brief liaison with Regulus Lupin and thus calling in Dudley's paternity into question. Cecilia fled to London, having encountered a Dementor along the way, which robbed her of her and Remus's child and, after a time in hospital arrived at Grimmauld Place and to Sirius. Remus, under Dolores Umbrage's new powers to eliminate halfbreeds had been arrested (as well as her tyrannical powers at Hogwarts). Sirius has a plan that involves going behind the veil at the Department of Mysteries, to change a memory and thus, the future. Cecilia insists she is the one to go. By interacting with them memories behind the veil Cecilia had managed to stop Joseph Black from decrying the role of the Reciprocator as a link between wizard and muggle as illegal; stop Voldermort from therefore arising and therefore Harry not losing his parents and stopping the werewolf, Remus is not a werewolf anymore as she had thrown herself into Fenrir Greyback's path between him and her beloved. When Cecilia was pulled from behind the veil, beyond was a world that she recognised but with obvious mistakes. Caelius Lupin, Remus's brother not only lived but was a senior ministry figure. Aberforth Dumbledore, not Albus, held the esteemed position as both headmaster of Hogwarts and head of the Reciprocators, not quite a secret society (as they interacted with and liaised between muggles and wizards) and whose members were not dissimilar to those of the Order of the Phoenix. Severus Snape is now not a Death Eater and is living with Tabitha Penwright. Harry has a younger brother, Sam. Aberforth knows a little of Cecilia's history and where she has come from. Caelius Lupin and Aberforth Dumbledore fear that the action of Albus and his partner Grindelwald would soon be a problem that they needed to challenge head-on and soon. Cecilia fell in love with Remus in time (it had to happen!), though he is not quite the same as the Remus from the…other side…(as he is no longer a werewolf) and it is the consequences of this which begin the events of this story…
It was the day before the night before Harry Potter's 28th birthday, a warm Thursday afternoon, just after half past five in the afternoon. This afternoon Harry was walking, rather than flying, flooing or apparating because of such gloriousness of the weather and he was walking towards the underground station closest to the closest entrance to his office within the Ministry of Magic. Despite its ordinariness and nondescriptness of the Ministry, it being just one of the many ministries of the government of the United Kingdom, its situation, below ground, had endured. It made for a good talking point when tourists were brought round to see the main entrance, with wizards and witches arriving by floo of a morning, or paper arrow memoranda flying around all over the place and the small but increasingly common non-wizard paraphernalia designed to help those non-wizards employed there to do their jobs Harry descended the steps to the station below, past commuters and passengers, mothers holding their children's hands. He had skipped past a couple of elderly people, one of whom faltered on the step, half way up the flight. She would surely have plummeted to a serious accident at the bottom had Harry not whipped out his wand and shouted, "Glisseo!" At once, the steps turned into a ramp and the old lady slipped down the last five steps to the platform level, where she lay on her stomach for a few moments, obviously dazed. Not the best spell to have chosen, Harry decided as he hurried down the now-reformed steps to help the lady to her feet. "Impedimenta" may have been a better choice, "Wingardium Leviosa" or "Mobilocorpus". But neither of these had come to mind speedily enough. He gripped the lady's coat and let her hold onto him before Harry helped her to her feet. Behind him her husband hurried up behind Harry and imitated him helping her up, as if it should really be his job, but encouraged Harry with words such as, "well done, young man. Quick thinking with the old wand there." When his wife, a small, rotund lady, had been returned to the tall man's arm he grinned at Harry. "You're a wizard, eh?" He followed Harry's wand as he stowed it into his waistband behind his cloak. Harry nodded and smiled to the man, slowly and politely as one does to elderly people. "You didn't see many of 'em in my day. Kept to yerselves, yer did," he added. "Hardly knew ye were around, except for the banging and crashing, and sometimes on the radio a couple of yer would be rousin' the coppers, like, for near killin yerselves. Ha ha!" Next to him, his wife, seemingly having overcome her exciting slide down to the station platform, nudged him sharply. "But that's all fine, of course," he added hastily. "Thank you for helping my Bessie here. She could have come off quite bad, quite bad indeed, yes." "It was nothing," Harry added, blushing a little and realising that several people, including a handful who had witnessed the scene, were gathering and milling around them. "Thank you, young man," added Bessie, smiling gratefully. The old man took his wife's arm and took a step past Harry, tapping the edge of his flat cap deferentially. Harry turned and watched them go momentarily in the direction of "Embankment" before taking his route to the other platform to catch the tube to "Charing Cross". Continuing on the Bakerloo line Harry would have to change at Marylebone to Baker Street on the Metropolitan line before finding himself in the north-west of the city twenty minutes later and getting off at Northwick Park. There, in Grimmauld Place, headquarters of the Reciprocator movement (and a misnamed place for, while old, it was far from grim), he would find his parents and his sixteen-year-old brother Sam waiting for him, probably with a whole host of his friends too, for a "quiet tea, Harry, nothing too big, just to see you before your big day." Famous last words, mother, Harry considered with a grin As he waited for the smooth glide of the underground train to pass him by and throw open its doors, allowing a tumult of people to spill forth from its carriages, an unbidden thought sprang into his mind. How odd it would be for non-wizards not to know about wizards and magic? The elderly man he had just met had been surprised that he had used magic to assist his wife. But he had been unusual in that he thought in the past, to a time where magic was uncommonly shown, where being a wizard was part of you, but the discussion of such issues was kept out of polite society by manners and propriety by some people and talked about avidly behind hands and in garden sheds by others. The last of the people had left the station and Harry stepped onto the rapidly-filling carriage as other people surged around him, taking up the available space. When he arrived at his godfather's house, Harry decided, he would act surprised. Surprised and grateful at the throng that would have by now – he glanced at his wristwatch – have arrived…Hermione, obviously, and Ron, his best friend. Sirius, of course, and Dumbledore's friends. Those who his mother would have invited from her family, her sister Petunia, her husband and her son, Dudley. Regulus, Sirius's brother. Would Remus and Caelius be there? Remus may well be caring for his son and he had noticed Caelius's door still firmly shut as he left the European Relations Department on his way out of the Ministry, so not much chance. Ron may even have extended the invitation to his family, and the thought of a dozen Weasleys around the place made Harry smile even harder. 88888888 This is the story that was. A world where magic didn't skulk in the shadows (as it were) of human society. Where a quirk of genetics that made a culture of people able to operate in a different way, channel energy in an efficient and effective manner was celebrated and integrated with those that did not. Imagine a world where muggles (the latter group of unfortunate individuals) and wizards (the former) were equal, where harmony existed between these two groups of people, where muggles not only knew of wizards, but freely accepted them, lived side by side and operated alongside and with one another, heralding and promoting their distinct differences and accepting the shortcomings. What would it be like? Would you like to live there? How would you feel? Would it depend on whether you were a wizard or non-wizard? Or would that no longer matter if you knew you were just part of a genetic variation that was the human race, in the same way that physical and mental differences are? Eye, skin and hair colour; whether you are intellectual, good at sport, a good communicator? All those are genetic variations, and as Cecilia Frobisher discovered, in the world she had left. But more than that. She also discovered that there were degrees of wizardlyness, that one could be good at one thing, a specialist, while not much good at other kinds of magic. Where once a person may not have shown an ounce of magical talent but had, later in life, been able to manifest their abilities was one way this was shown. Another was imperceptibly small developmental steps for the witch or wizard so they emerged from Wizarding school managing to set light to a small shrub, or change the colour of carrots, something non-wizards had been keen to point out could be done in a variety of other ways much more easily (matches, dyes) and at a fraction of the cost. Here, in this world, minor magical talent was recognised too and, in its way, similarly embraced. Hedgewards, the wizard school, had for several years accepted students who had special magical needs, and assisted them accordingly. Letters of acceptance to wizards and witches did not exist here as they had done in Cecilia's original world. There was no more secrecy or concealment of either location or manner of education. Those wizards and witches from non-magical families could choose to have their children educated in the usual school system (and likewise their abilities were accommodated and nurtured, to a point). This was a world that prided itself on openness and fairness, where both wizards and non-wizards co-existed peaceably and tolerably, with few prejudices and little bias. By opening up the frontiers fear and hatred would melt away and the human race, no matter their differences, could march forth into a bright future hand in hand. Well, that was Aberforth Dumbledore's idea in any case and he spent all his life working to that end, the latest development of which would come into force that very September within the walls of Hedgewards. It had begun by the creation of the Reciprocator movement, where diplomatic relations between wizards and non-magic people were strengthened through co-operation and communication, begun in the very late eighteenth century by Joseph Black, an antecedent of Sirius and Regulus Black and he, Aberforth, had revived and modernised the Reciprocators at the beginning of the twentieth century to become the group of wizards and witches that they were today. Of course, had it not been for Cecilia Frobisher dropping down behind the veil in the wizard world that we all know and love to alter memories in the hope that this would prevent the chaos that was ensuing in the Ministry this would not have been the case at all. But it is. This is the story that was, it is what happened when history was changed and, like all changes in history, things alter that cannot be controlled and the results are not always for the better. In September, Hedgewards was to admit non-wizards for the first time, those from ordinary wizarding families whose children displayed no discernable magical talent, certainly, but also those whose families were non-magical, where the children were equally unmagical – these children were also eligible to apply for a place. This was the culmination of Aberforth Dumbledore's vision and hard work over several decades and, with help from the Ministry, in the form of Caelius Lupin, the legacy of mixed schools had come to fruition with the aim of toleration and understanding. Of course, the idea had not been universally accepted – Aberforth had upset a good deal of people, including his brother Albus, and several others, both wizardly and non-magical. The fear that cultures were being eroded, diluted and ignored had inflamed these people, especially when the curriculum had been outlined by Caelius Lupin in both the Daily Prophet and the Times newspapers. Caelius, in easy political banter had brought up the point made clearly by Aberforth before his death two years before, which was that the reason people held these views was entirely the reason such schools should exist in the first place. Now, imagine a world where muggles and wizards are in direct conflict. Not too hard, is it? Only one step away from a certain world that we all know and love. But some wizards harbour this twisted thought because they wish wizards to reign supreme with non-wizards subjugated. The Ministry know this, hence their eagerness with the proposed inclusion policy. It is a win-win situation – for some, like Aberforth Dumbledore, it will demonstrate that wizards and non-wizards can live and work together. For others, namely Albus Dumbledore Gellert Grindelwald, it shows that some wizards cannot be trusted to keep all that is magical sacred. And this was exactly the reason why certain sections of certain societies had decided to fight back. 88888888 The parcel had been on the doorstep when he had arrived home that evening, so full of cake and tea that Harry honestly thought his stomach would burst. Putting his leg against the white uPVC frame and hoisting it up with one hand as he juggled the other parcels which he had been given at the Reciprocator headquarters. As predicted his mother had lavished party food on him and his guests, the menu remaining unchanged from the first one he remembered, when he was about three or four: jelly and ice-cream and trifle (quite innocuous), Hula-Hoops (which, when brought forth from their packets, whipped round in circles in the wizard's hand before leaping into the air and falling, waiting for the guest to open their mouth. There had been two cheese and pineapple hedgehogs – real hedgehogs which seemed to have taken exception to their spines being used as cocktail sticks. The usual array of sandwiches had been laid on the long table in no. 12, and had replenished themselves on demand as more and more guests had arrived. Harry had been surprised at the number of people who had arrived – the wizards, partial wizards and non-wizards he had predicted. Tabitha Penwright, Severus Snape's girlfriend had made a fleeting appearance as had Alastor Moody, the Malfoy and Black families and Mundungus Fletcher who, Regulus had discovered, had been making the sandwiches replenish at a far faster rate than was necessary. No Remus or Caelius though, Harry reflected, though he had guessed they wouldn't be there. On the old-fashioned telephone table seat which had been given to him by his maternal aunt (and was never used for telephone calls now as Harry used either the floo network, email or mobile phone) he heaped the parcels and pushed his way from the hall into the living room of his modest semi-detached house in he had travelled back to by apparating and flopped onto the settee, glancing at the carriage clock, another Evans family hand-me-down. It wasn't as if he and Hermione had deliberately decided to furnish their house with 1960s non-wizard belongings – many had been given to them when they had moved in and neither of them had seen the need to replace perfectly good belongings, especially as they had a wedding to save for. Hermione had explained she wouldn't be at home when he got there because she had to return to her office in the ministry, to tie up a few loose ends before a long weekend off but she would be there before their friends arrived at eight-thirty for the second celebration to mark Harry's birthday. Reaching for the television remote control Harry waved it in the direction of the screen, neglecting to press any buttons. Hermione hated leaving the television on stand-by ("Just think of the electricity we'll be wasting – it'll cost us, and what about the environment!") but Harry simply used a voiceless spell to activate the infra-red sensor which transmitted the information before moving his fingers to the buttons to put on the early evening news. "…and finally," the newscaster intoned, a humourless smile upon his face which told viewers that the story was meant to be amusing but it wasn't, in his opinion, "…an elderly woman had a lucky escape this afternoon when the steps that she was about to fall down transformed into a slide. Bessie Harris, 68, from Walworth, slipped down to the platform of the Bakerloo line while she was walking down with her husband John. Mrs Harris and may have suffered severe injuries had it not been for the quick thinking of a young wizard who had changed the steps into a smooth surface. Mrs Harris was unharmed and thanked the young man, who has not been identified." The newsreader looked at the screen, addressing Harry personally. "So, if you were the wizard, and you are watching now, a very grateful Mrs Harris wishes to thank you again." Harry rolled his eyes at the screen. He'd just helped, as anyone else would. It had figured so little in his mind that he'd neglected to tell anyone at all. At least the news report didn't contain his name or he would have been in for a great deal of ribbing from his mates that evening. Such items regularly featured in the last-item slot on the news though not usually the help-the-aged kind. Often it was arson or theft, when wizards were (probably unfairly) put in the frame when the lack of a logical explanation had eluded the authorities, or when foul play was suspected on the size and shape of prize-winning vegetables. He flicked the screen off and got to his feet. Just time for a shower and a change before opening up the nibbles for the evening (his stomach rolled at the mere thought of food) and sorting out which wine Hermione wanted to be opened, as well as lager and butterbeer cans, lemonade and cola. I'll get some music sorted out on the eyepod Harry thought, glancing at his pile of gifts, which would remain unopened until the morning ("…that's the rules, Harry, or else what are birthday's for…?") and he grabbed the lot, making his way to the kitchen and pushing them into the pantry out of sight. "It'll be a good evening," Harry said aloud as he made the stairs two at a time. Turning left he entered the bathroom and, turning the water on with one hand he began to strip off his work clothes before strewing them around. His friend Ron would turn up with yet another "bit of stuff" and the rest of the Weasley clan would turn up at various intervals too. Tonks would probably cave in the door upon her arrival with Nick, her non-wizard boyfriend who regularly rolled his eyes in her direction (laughing with her and not at her) and Tonks would grin and take his hand. Hermione's friends would turn up and the Fred and George would try to chat them up; Sam would arrive with Crystallia, a tall, ice-blonde-haired, willowy witch his age who he had met on an exchange visit to Durmstrang that year and who had transferred to Hedgewards to the disgust of her family. Harry knew he would be unlikely to see his younger brother's face as it would be, he guessed, turned in Crystallia's direction and he would be, "snogging her face off" as Tonks had so delicately put it at Reciprocator's Christmas party where everyone was first introduced to Crystallia Brandt. Harry held his hand under the shower, checking it was hot enough before stepping in, closing the door behind them. He was grateful to his family, Hermione's too, for helping them with the deposit for the house. They had proposed it to be a joint engagement and wedding present as neither of Harry nor Hermione would have been able to save enough for something decent before they tied the knot. It was just a pity that the fixtures and fittings were a little tired. When he had made some money, when both of them had been promoted, they could do the house up, bit by bit, so that the interior contrasted with the hand-me-down furniture, which could then be replaced and passed on. Harry soaped himself as his mind wandered to the forthcoming evening. The party would begin to wind down in the early hours when the younger folk would have sloped off to a nightclub somewhere or back home for at least some hours sleep before the next morning and of those remaining would suggest a board game, wizard chess (although that had become altogether too violent the last time his set had been played and Harry had had to take out both the white and black sides and isolate them from one another to prevent inter-game genocide). Diopoly, like its sister game but with both wizard and non-wizard properties running parallel around the board and using two tokens, the wizard set's tokens having a variety of occult shapes, and played simultaneously, would cause too much tension. Ron had sworn never to play again after the last time Fred had used the wand from the wizard circuit to cause George's iron from the non-wizard side to grow imperceptibly hotter until it burned a hole right through Ron's wizard money (his proudly-stowed 500 galleon notes) and he had to resign bankrupt. Anyone suggesting cards would be the cause of Hermione yawning, looking at the time and declaring that it was far too late for her to be up now and she really should be getting to bed considering what she had drunk and when Percy foolishly would opine that "Significant Chase", a quiz game not dissimilar to another game with cheese or pie shaped pieces which moved around a hub-shaped board with categories such as "Science and Magic", "Wizards of History" and "Quidditch" one of his brothers would pound him on the head with something heavy to prevent him from uttering the word "charades". Yes, it would be a good night, Harry concluded. A predictable one, but then, he was nearly thirty and predictability was reassuring when you couldn't party night and day as Sam, at nearly seventeen, could, much to their parents disapproval. He turned off the shower and, realising that there were no clean towels around, used a hot air charm to evaporate himself to dryness. 88888888 The bright July sunlight filtered through the gaps in the curtains. Harry blinked, closed his eyes and turned over. Beside him, snoring softly, Hermione was still sleeping, having stayed up far longer than Harry, in the event, discussing with Tonks several serious topics as Nick Smith snored on the sofa, perhaps hoping the sobriety of the dialogue would infiltrate their biochemistries. She had fallen into bed next to Harry a good two hours after him and would be asleep till at least noon, Harry guessed. Ron had not brought with him his usual serial girlfriend and instead had scored with the girl next door who had banged on the door with force, having got fed up with the noise and had come to complain. Ron had pulled her in and invited her to join them before walking Alice back home "in case she got lost". The wizards had delighted the non-wizards with tricks and charms; those who had not seen such magic close up were astonished and amazed though several were rolling their eyes at the Weasley twins who, very much in the party spirit, had taken to gluing Cassandra, one of Hermione's friends to the ceiling much to her annoyance when she couldn't be brought down for a good half an hour. The eyepod had got broken somehow – he suspected Sam – the eye was hanging out of its socket and this damage had caused the tracks on the player to become mangled, join together, became spliced, and cut out half way though the evening. That his brother had sloped off with Crystallia and Hermione's friends at that moment did nothing to lessen the suspicion and Harry had declined Charlie's offer of repairing it – he knew the player would arrive back in his possession worse than it had left with scorch marks. It was no use. The light had entered Harry's eye and signalled the decrease of serotonin levels in his brain, causing him to wake. Rubbing his eyes, Harry sat up and, taking care not to disturb Hermione, pulled on his dressing gown and made his way to the door, closing it behind him as he padded downstairs. He was surprised to encounter Nick Smith exiting the living room and rubbing his equally sleepy eyes. Nick gave him a grin and a slap on the back, wishing Harry a "Happy Birthday" and informing him that Tonks had left early to make sure Freya had returned to their home. "She's a challenge," Nick admitted, accepting the offer of a coffee as Harry sloped towards the kitchen. "But they get on, Tonks and Freya. She's a good influence on the girl." Harry brought to mind Remus and Mrs Lupin, who had originally adopted Freya eleven years before when she had been rescued from her burning home (wizard games gone wrong) which had claimed the lives of her parents. "A good party," Nick added, draining his cup and smoothing down his yesterday's clothes, wondering whether anyone at work would notice or care if he turned up like that. "Hey, what's your opinion on the Hedgewards thing? That they can take on non-wizards in September?" Harry's sore mind scraped to the facts to his foremind. Why would any non-wizard want to send their child to a wizard school? They would feel constantly left out, surely? His view he voiced to Nick, who nodded in agreement. "Some people would. They're weird like that. Or nosey." He stood up and put the cup in the sink. "Want me to wash it?" Harry shook his head. "Thanks for that. Good party," he added again. "Thanks," said Harry, rubbing his head vaguely. A shower would make him feel more human. He watched the front door close behind Nick before throwing his head back lethargically. It had been a good night. Then his eye caught the pile of presents that Hermione, presumably, had collected together on the kitchen work surface for him. There were others, he remembered. Harry pushed the stool back with his legs and he made his way to the now much-barer pantry. From the upper-most shelf, where he had laid them, Harry pulled the gifts adorned with a variety of patterned papers (some of the animate decorations whirring into action and causing him to groan at the now-nauseated feeling he was now experiencing) before heaving them next to the others. Hermione would get her wish, to have them opened on his birthday, and with her there, so she could discuss, comment and, possibly, criticise ("constructively though, Harry," she would protest. Turning, Harry made to go back upstairs but an altogether plain outer wrapper caught his eye. Glancing back he realised it was not a gift at all but the parcel which had been on his doorstep the previous afternoon. Rebellion piqued in his mind as Harry turned back. That didn't have to wait until Hermione got up – he could open that one now. Tearing at the brown paper Harry revealed the contents Looking through the copious sheets of paper he began reading the passages at random, moving unconsciously back to the table where Hermione found him, asleep over them, six hours later.
Sunlight was glancing through the panes of glass in Caelius Lupin's office. Or it would have been had the weather in all the Ministry of Magic offices been controlled by the maintenance department's spells. Coincidentally, the weather in his office and outside in Central London were the same and Caelius was treated to the warm, strong sunlight of a bright Friday morning. He rubbed his forehead, a wide, much wrinkled area, which had grown increasingly creased, Caelius believed, over the last couple of months. The Ministry, his department, was responsible for the initiative of inclusion for all at Hedgewards, Britain's only magical school, and it was giving him, the head of the Department of National Relations, yet another migraine. Oh yes, he had agreed with Aberforth Dumbledore in principle, that all children, no matter their magical ability, should be allowed access to any school in the UK, subject to admission criteria, but it was he who was responsible for the practical implementation. He glanced at the pile of letters he had to deal with. In a few hours, when the morning's mail was delivered by the tiny, electric-blue imps who zoomed through every office in the Ministry at precisely 9 O'clock every morning, the pile would be replenished and he would have more work to do. And every day, time was running out. The days strode slowly but decisively towards 1st September. Caelius pulled towards him the nearest letter, which had arrived yesterday, and he skimmed over the contents. A letter from a non-wizard family who say that, because their elder son had been admitted to Hedgewards last year, chosen for his clear magical talent, they would like to know how to apply for a place for their second son, with no magic under the new admissions policy? Caelius had yet to consider this for, he had not yet considered it, the letter here being the first actual query he had had. The reason he had not considered it was because there were more pressing needs to consider, such as, how were the non-wizards going to Hedgewards going to get onto Platform 9 ¾? If the threshold was left open anyone could enter the platform, yet the issuing of magical passes might prove difficult to use for someone new to magic. And also, Caelius added guiltily himself, if he didn't have any applications this year, the finer details he could consider at leisure. Then there was the matter of spellbooks and other paraphernalia. Non-wizards could not get onto Diagonalley so a non-wizard version of the required shops had been set up. But a good deal of capital had had to be invested in the scheme and there were various complications here too what books would non-wizards require? All Hedgewards students required a wand yet, how could non-wizards obtain one for no wand would choose a non-wizard A false one might be considered degrading yet arriving with no wand at all would allow them to stand out. Brooms too were also difficult. Again, Hedgewards students required one and though students could just select a broom any activity involving one meant flying it. He had carried out tests upon charming a broom to operate with ordinary, voice-operated commands, meaning no magic from the owner was required, but Caelius had been unable to get one to permanently adhere to a broom long term. And so the problems, now real problems with at least one potential non-wizard on Hedgewards' roll next month, continued… At least Caelius had been able to influence the curriculum, planning for an increased number of lessons in subjects such as "History of Magic", "Astronomy", "Herbology," "Muggle Studies", and "Divination", with recommendations to staff of how to incorporate non-wizards into the practical subjects. But that then led to Caelius's biggest hurdle had been the mindset of the staff at Hedgewards itself. They had had three or four years to get used to the idea of non-wizards arriving at the school: right from the start Aberforth, as headmaster, had broached the subject with the staff making sure he was clear to them that the admission of non-wizards was not an if but a when. Following countless training days Aberforth had had to admit to Caelius that though the mindset of the staff was changing it was a glacial change rather than a torrent and that all of them would get used to the idea and work with it eventually. Caelius wondered whether this September was "eventually" enough. He pushed aside the letter from the parent, and the others, from suppliers, from other parents demanding to know how the changes would affect their magical children, from politicians both from within the Ministry and from the non-wizard sister-ministry at Whitehall. It was going to happen, and a month from now at least one non-magical student would be educated within the noble surroundings of Hedgewards castle. At least he had Severus Snape on his side in terms of Hedgewards. Snape had been made Headmaster two years ago, on the passing of Aberforth Dumbledore. His usual sombre manner had softened a little when he understood exactly what the principle would entail. Caelius had had a feeling that Snape would be receptive – his long-term girlfriend, Tabitha Penwright, of the Department of Mysteries, was a witch with limited magical ability. Where Miss Penwright's abilities lay was the interpretation, understanding and analysis of the deepest and most entangled mysteries, dangerous and dark, perilous, lethal and innocuous. Leaning back in his chair, Caelius rubbed his eyes and leaned his head back, staring at the gorgeous blue of the early morning imitation sky. His mind drifted to his nephew, Septimus, who would be starting at Hedgewards that year. What would life be like for him? He would be rubbing shoulders with non-wizards throughout his senior life and, although that was not unlike his primary education – his mother, Cecilia, Caelius's sister-in-law, had insisted Septimus be educated at the local primary school – but this was a much more important time in his life. The changes he made at Hedgewards would affect him directly. Putting his hand out towards the pile of letters, Caelius scraped his chair back and got to his feet. He needed a break, a change from these four walls, even if the four walls changed in any case. Clouds whizzed high above him as he made his way to his office door and, withdrawing his wand, swished it, dimming the lights. Caelius made his way left, towards the elevator, before pressing the button which would take him to the foyer and to the bank of chimneys. He would floo to Grimmauld Place and speak to the rest of the Reciprocators. Action was needed and he couldn't now do it alone. 88888888 "Caelius!" James Potter looked up from his cup of tea which Lily just had made him to the fireplace in the living room of No. 12, Grimmauld Place. He saw the old wizard, his friend's brother and their connection to the Ministry, shake his head as if a swarm of bees were inhabiting it and smile a semi-forced smile in his direction. "Good morning, James," replied Caelius wearily. "Have you just go here?" James shook his head. "Stopped over, with Lily. We had a small get-together for Harry yesterday and our own party sprang from there." He glanced up the stairs to where the bedrooms and Sirius's study was. "The old man's still in bed – he's not long turned in. Lily was far more sensible," he added unnecessarily. Because, of course, the headquarters of the Reciprocator movement was also Sirius Black's house. It had been that way been since his ancestor, Joseph Black, had founded the Reciprocators, to promote wizard-muggle understanding. The principle today was much the same although, for political correctness, the Reciprocators promoted wizard-non-wizard understanding. Any political development which operated around wizards and non-wizards required the Reciprocators to consider the effects on either wizard or non-wizard communities. Their current projects included the universal acceptance of any child, no matter their magical ability, to any school they wished to attend, the Hedgewards situation being the most pressing. It was James Potter as a representative of the Reciprocators, Severus Snape as Hedgewards headmaster and Caelius representing the Ministry for Magic who had the responsibility for that sphere. Lily Potter had taken on the responsibility, with Tabitha Penwright, of the Auld Magic. "He'll need to be up by the afternoon," commented Caelius seriously, "Remus needs him to fly to Lancashire, to Silsden." The other current concern was the recent government introduction of half-breeds to the country. Where, the Ministry reasoned, non-wizards had been accommodated so too should these other magical creatures, werewolves, vampires and the like. Not that any had applied to reside in Britain – yet – but the idea was in the public's consciousness and it was up to Sirius and Remus to advocate the advantages of such creatures being allowed to reside, in controlled conditions, in the UK in the spirit of equality and diversity. Of course there had been a backlash against the integration. The government, a national integrated government combined of both the Ministry of Magic and the non-wizard British Government, had taken a long time in their decision to allow half-breed creatures into the country. They used the weight of precedence to aid their argument, that several other countries in Europe, and indeed the world, tolerated these creatures' presence. The Combined Government had been inundated with complaints with an increase in a call in recent years from non-wizards for their own government again, representing only the interests of non-wizards. The CG was quick to point out that any call for a government that would only represent one part of the country to the exclusion of others was discrimination, but this hadn't stopped a "Non-Wizard National Party" from being conceived and, at this spring's local elections, putting forth a candidate. "Would you like a drink? Some tea, perhaps?" James waved his hand over his teacup and a second cup, full, unlike his own, appeared in front of Caelius. "You look awful, by the way." Lupin looked at James and breathed a heavy sigh, but said nothing. "You haven't been up all night again?" "When a job needs doing, it needs doing," sighed Caelius again. He was tired. But then, no-one else could do what he needed to do. "But there is something you can help me with." He handed James the letter from the non-wizard family. James took it and looked at the outer envelope. "I would appreciate your point of view," he added as James opened it and glanced over the words. "As you can see – " " – we have our first applicant," James interrupted, a grin on his face. "Indeed so," replied Caelius, without smiling. "I need you to outline, from your point of view, the practical steps which need to be put in place for him to be integrated successfully. How should he, for example, be selected for a house…? Quidditch…? How will his magical education be manifest…?" James nodded. Following Aberforth's death two years previously a split in the Reciprocators nearly occurred when the issue of who was in charge came to the fore: Caelius and Sirius had put themselves forward, the former being voted in, but there were several abstentions. "It has to be right," agreed James, "for the boy, for Hedgewards…" "And for us," added Caelius. "We have to show that the inclusion idea is practicable." "I'll run it past Lily, too." James looked back to the letter and got to his feet. "Being from a mug – non-wizard family, she would be more sensitive to the issue." "How is her work going?" added Caelius, seemingly eager to prolong the conversation, addressed James's retreating back. He turned, flicking his long hair over his shoulder. "She is still immersed in Aberforth's work. She has spent a deal of time with Severus too, discussing the implications of the applied-science-magic aspects, the Universal Link and all that." Aberforth's shoes were big ones to fill, Caelius knew. He had inherited a vast amount of information from old Dumbledore – the wizard had had a lifetime to accumulate all he had, and now Caelius had so little time to process it to effect and use it simultaneously alongside the constant stream of governmental changes that had occurred of late. So much to accommodate in his mind, especially some of the revelations, so bald, so raw, to which he alone was now privy and whose burden, even now astounded and shocked him. "Any word from Miss Penwright?" James shook his head, making his way back towards the settee in the large living room, knowing that the "quick chat" Caelius thought he was having would feel far longer from his point of view. "She's in the European office, isn't she?" "She should be. Only we haven't heard from her of late. She was due to have returned this week only her colleague there, Vincento, floo'd to say she was working in the field." "Tabitha'll be all right," replied James nonchalantly. "You know what she's like – she'll be immersed in the Auld Magic and time will mean nothing to her." Caelius said nothing – he trusted little these days, even others' behaviour when contrasted to their usual character. So much could be manipulated, so much controlled. "I don't think Severus has heard much from her," continued James, turning to the letter again as if a hint to Caelius to be quiet and let him get on with it, "at least, he's not said. "He isn't worried?" asked the older wizard. "Hard to tell with old Snapeyboy, eh, James?" From down the staircase Sirius Black, rubbing his hair in an "I'm too old for this drinking into the night" game before leaping the sofa and sitting next to his friend, trying to wince silently at his aching muscles which were cursing him for his leap. "How is old Severus?" he added, grinning at Caelius. Lupin senior did not return it, partly for its carefree gaiety but, mostly, because he was exhausted. "We were just discussing Miss Penwright," said James. "And that we haven't heard from her recently." "You know old Tabs," replied Sirius, "she'll probably have forgotten to eat for three days like she did last time. You know, when your Harry found her wandering around the European Relations department talking to herself and clasping a casket of scrolls?" "Oh, yes," recalled James, chuckling, "I remember now. I said that, didn't I Kay?" Caelius looked at him, jerking his head out of his own, deep thoughts as he realised James was talking to him. Caelius nodded. "You did indeed," Caelius replied. He sometimes he wished that he had never put himself forward to be head of the Movement, had he known what his life would now be like, weighted with responsibility that he could not wholly share. How he wished Sirius had won the vote; that he would never have known what he knew, and what he had to do. Sirius should have been in his shoes now. He would never be so perky. "Are you going?" asked James, relief showing in his voice. "I'm afraid so. I need to visit Septimus this afternoon. He is missing his mother. And Freya too." "More like a mother to him than his own, recently," said Sirius, but was nudged sharply by James, who hissed "shut up!" "Cecilia can no more help her position than you or I can," replied Caelius, a glow of guilt in his stomach, for it had been Caelius who had been instrumental in her…relocation. "Her work is vital, for what is occurring in Europe must not happen here!" For the first time in Caelius's words were sharp and brusque, his tiredness shrugged away as the important things he underlined to his fellow wizards. Then it softened as his mind drifted to his beloved nephew. "Nor can Remus, which is why you both need to be careful this afternoon." Caelius fixed Sirius with a grave look. "Certainly." Sirius's tone had changed too, the gravity. "The witches we talk with today should be easily satisfied. Lily has synthesised the Auld Magic with that of the law at the present time – they must see reason. They can't refuse to capitulate." Can't they? Caelius made a few steps back towards the fireplace. He must remember that he had to visit Tonks later that afternoon to collect the wayward Freya – Septimus had been almost pining for her, he missed her so. How she and his mother had come to disagree he had never fully understood. At least Nymphadora had offered her a home, and she seemed to be stepping out with a much more suitable boy at last, Darren Dursley. No, that was untrue. Caelius did understand why. But that was in the past. Freya had blossomed into a lovely young lady and had chosen to remain close to the family. "Will we see you this evening?" Caelius, in his gait to the fireplace, turned and shook his head. "I've promised Caelius I'd be with him. You know how worried he gets when Remus is working." He turned sharply and looked at Sirius before stepping into the hearth, his voice commanding again. "I trust you will say nothing ill of Cecilia to Remus today." 88888888 "Did you read the article in the Daily Prophet? Someone's been blabbing. Harry? The Government's announcement?" Hermione put down the wizard newspaper next to her on their ancient settee shrouded in modern throws to hide the age and leaned towards Harry. "Are you all right?" "Hm? Eh?" Harry glanced up from his apparent engrossment in the green, patterned carpet and looked at his fiancée stupidly. He swallowed. "Something about…the Ministry?" "I said, dopey, have you read the Daily Prophet?" She got to her feet and handed it to Harry, who glanced over the main stories on the front, his mind scrabbling to decide which one Hermione meant. "I mean, yes, admitting non-wizards to Hedgewards. A good idea, we all agreed that. But just read the language…listen to how it's written…there's no way that'll convince anyone that educational inclusion is the right thing to do." Harry looked up from the Prophet. His mind had been thinking on the mysterious parcel and its contents, which he had absently returned to the pantry. Mysterious, yet, somehow familiar. And intriguing. "It's…farcical! How anyone thought to publish it. And how anyone got the document to the Prophet! We must have a leak somewhere, and at such a damaging time too!" He had shown Hermione what he had been sleeping on when he had awoken at the kitchen table that morning. She had glanced over it, "hm'd" at it before asking him to put it away so he could give her a hand with the post-party tidy-up. "It could have been written better, certainly," Harry agreed. The Universal Link…Energy, Light, Magic…it seemed like he knew about them, and they were important, somehow. But why, and how, and who had sent them? All of these things currently eluded him. "If I were a parent I'd worry about sending my child to Hedgewards this year…dangerous and disturbing…as if! Bad non-wizard influences! Education fatally disrupted…held back…delayed…would affect examination results…" Hermione began to pace, a rant forming in her mind as she raged at the author of the article. "I bet now poor Caelius is being drowned in complaint letters and Howlers have been, well, howling…" she finished awkwardly. "Are you listening to anything I'm saying?" Harry looked up, a well-trodden look of men down the ages, a mixture of innocence and "would I be doing anything else dear?" He looked back to the paper, unable to keep it up. "But it does talk of universal education for all," Harry replied, "that Hedgewards is to become such a place. They will receive government money to fund it – " he stopped reading. "It's not like when you and I were at school, Hermione, wizards and witches today went to primary school with non-wizards. They know them, they've done their accepting." "A lot of parents won't see it like that," concluded Hermione, frowning and folding her arms. "They will take on the bad things and apply them to their children." "You would, you mean, if you were in their position," replied Harry, proving he knew Hermione far better than she thought he did. "I – " "Well – " But they were both interrupted when a loud hammering came to the front door. Harry got to his feet and made his way to it. Ron was standing on the doorstep when he opened it, still dressed in his clothes from the night before and wearing a goofy grin. "How's Alice?" guessed Harry. Ron tittered a little, before stepping in. "Wonderful," replied Ron, dreamily. "Well, she was, when I left her in bed just now. Wow, that girl is hot!" "Spare us the details," moaned Hermione, who had followed Harry and who was now looking about at the untidiness and knowing that she would get far less out of Harry now that his friend was here. "Would you like a cuppa?" "Love one," replied Ron, taking a seat at the kitchen table. "Have you got any grub left? I'm starving!" "Will a bacon buttie do you?" asked Hermione, generously as she found her wand and waved it, making a cup of tea appear in front of him, the lazy way. "Hermione, you are heaven personified!" declared Ron, taking her hand and she rolled her eyes at him. "Only when food is concerned," she added wryly. Harry pulled up a chair next to Ron. "Could you do me one too, H?" asked Harry. "And I expect you haven't had anything either?" Three bacon butties later and the conversation had turned to Remus and Sirius's forthcoming mission. "How is old Remus?" asked Ron amiably, between bites of his sandwich. Harry thought back to the last time he had seen the younger Lupin brother. At Grimmauld Place with Sirius, that was when, about three weeks before. He had come from work and had been talking to Sirius and his father about Cecilia's work at Hedgewards and how it had taken her to the continent. Sirius had seemed quite put out by the whole affair and had derided Mrs Lupin severely. "Well, there's their son to consider," said Ron. "A mother, going off and leaving a child? And there's Freya…she wasn't the best behaved teenager in the world." That was saying something, thought Harry. He was going to continue but Hermione was looking at Ron hotly. "Well, I suppose I should give up my Ministry of Magic job then, and be at home looking after the twins. That their mother shouldn't consider her career at all. And actually, I don't think she had that much choice in the matter, actually!" Both Ron and Harry stared at her, dumbstruck. "What?" she asked, annoyed. Both wizards tried to speak at once. "Twins?" questioned Harry. "You said "actually" twice, actually," said Ron. "I'm serious," replied Hermione, then, catching Harry's glance added, "I'm just using twins to make a point, Harry," she added. "It's good money, in the Reciprocatoring. State funded and a pension – can't say that about many jobs these days." Harry found himself nodding vaguely. And then a thought struck him. "Mrs Lupin!" he exclaimed, dropping his half-eaten bacon sandwich onto his plate and scraping back his wooden carver chair on the terracotta tiles of the kitchen floor. Making his way over to the pantry Harry flung open the door and fumbled for the top shelf, his hand flailing until the stack of papers he had been sent was under his palm. Quickly he extracted them and flung them onto the kitchen table. "Looks like a book that's been eaten by Sirius in his dog form," commented Ron. "Looks like some sort of book, some code, to me," replied Hermione. "What about it?" "I think so to, Hermione," agreed Harry, gesturing to the words on the paper he had uppermost, "but I can't really understand them, they're just fragments. But…the odd word, here and there…it takes me back to…it looks all the world like…" "What?" asked Hermione and Ron together. "Do you remember when Mrs Lupin turned up one day out of the blue, and next minute was writing a bestseller with me as the title character in it, that she gave away?" "Oh yes, we've never heard the end of that one," said Ron, rolling his eyes. "Well, it reminds me of that book." concluded Harry, who realised what he had just said didn't sound half so dramatic as how it had sounded in his mind. "That's what it looked like at five o'clock this morning," he added in justification. "So?" asked Hermione. "What would anyone want to send you a half-mangled copy of that old thing for? People only read it because she gave it away free. Most people feel sorry for her now." Harry put down one of the pages and pushed it to one side. "You're right," he admitted, "it does seem a little ludicrous." He looked at Ron. "Probably Fred or George trying a birthday prank." "And what does that have to do with me?" asked Ron, defensively. Hermione put down her tea cup. "Come on, both of you. You can help tidy up the place with me. Starting right now." She took the pages from in front of Harry and, opening the pantry cupboard, pressed the foot-lever of the pedal bin and threw them inside.
88888888 This time, Caelius Lupin appeared in Number 12, Grimmauld Place's living room in a manner far from his sedate, contemplative manner that morning. He could feel his heart racing, blood pumping and, that no-one could be found there, frantic pacing. It had gone so wrong. How it had gone so wrong Caelius had not yet fathomed. Had James been looking at him now, with half a bush in his beard, skewed robe and half a left sleeve he may well have laughed. Though, under these circumstances, he may well be concerned with other matters. "Where is everyone?" Caelius spoke loudly to the empty room and though you might expect there to be no answer, in fact one came from the direction of the Black ancestral portraits. "They've gone to "St. Mungo's!" a booming voice echoed. Caelius swung his head towards Joseph Black's voice, pausing to take on this further piece of information to the pile that had already accumulated in the space of a couple of hours. St. Mungo's. So Caelius might have missed them. That was where he had just disapparated from to here, having just brought them there. Caelius began to pace again, shaking his head again. He could have been more cautious – made sure they had been more cautious…made sure they had demonstrated that they would be more cautious…how could he not have predicted this outcome? A "crack" next to Caelius made him start, as did the next one. Lily and James Potter appeared either side of him with not unpredictable expressions of anxiety and worry. "There you are!" exclaimed James, clapping Caelius on his shoulder before pulling him in for a clap on the shoulder. Next to Caelius Lily's eyes filled with tears, which she had been holding in since she had seen them, and she sobbed behind her raised hand and James stepped past Caelius, taking her in his arms. "Sam wanted to come too," sobbed Lily, her red hair bobbing on James's shoulder and her body quaking. "He…he…how could have seen them…not Sam…no…" James hugged her tighter and shushed her softly as he stroked her back. Caelius looked away. It was his fault, in the most part, he knew. But blaming himself would not prevent so awful happenings. "Remus came off worse," Caelius said at length, when Lily's sobs had ebbed to intermittent gasps. Both of them turned to look at him, Lily's big eyes rimmed red, and James's face etched with a mixture of concern and pain. "The half-breeds which attacked them, a werewolf, a vampire amongst them, are in Azkaban; the witches and wizards are under arrest – Lucius Malfoy is questioning them at the Ministry." At the mention of "vampire" and "werewolf" Lily began crying again. James turned his back on Caelius and silently led Lily upstairs. He watched them go before recommencing his pacing and his thinking. Presently, James reappeared, walking wearily back down the stairs before making his way over to the sofa and sitting on it, bowing over and placing his forehead on the heels of his hands. Caelius made his way over slowly and sat next to him. "They never had a chance, Caelius," began James, rubbing his head with his hands. "The wizards just opened the door and let the…halfbreeds…attack them." He looked at Caelius, sorrow in his voice. "They tried to fight back but…there was no chance!" Caelius found himself nodding in agreement with James: Sirius, not so injured as Remus, had managed to speak a few words to James, and to him beforehand, before slipping into unconsciousness. Both had been bitten by the halfbreeds, Remus's injuries more critical than Sirius's; he was unconscious when Caelius had found them and had remained so. he broke off and got to his feet, shaking his head as if to juggle the large number of disparate and conflicting pieces of information in his mind into a more sensible order. Then Caelius got to his feet, walking away from the sofa and back towards the fireplace. He looked back over his shoulder, about to turn back to James, thought better of it and – "crack" – disapparated. Pacing his office moments later did nothing to help his mind. So much was invading his mind currently: the Hedgewards admissions; Severus Snape's feedback upon Miss Penwright's research; Remus and Sirius; the wizards and witches who had allowed (or even orchestrated) this afternoon's attack. The fact that Septimus would arrive home from school expecting Uncle Caelius to be there and – Oh no. Septimus. He would have to care for the child, he realised. It was his fault that both his parents were not there to care for him, Remus being in St. Mungo's (a chill ran through Caelius as he began to fully comprehend the gravity of the incident), and his mother absent too. Oh, Cecilia Lupin he had directed well enough, though she was fully aware she was being used as an agent for the Ministry and that she had little choice in the matter now that Caelius was privy to her secret past, as handed down to him, and him alone, like so many things Reciprocator-related things. Glancing at his desk Caelius looked at the now three-fold increase in the number of letters which had been there that morning. He looked away. He could not deal with that now. Withdrawing his wand, Caelius Lupin disapparated. He arrived back in almost the same spot in No. 12's living room as he had left, awkwardly, a little while ago. The scene was almost the as he had left it: light glancing through the window onto the wide, patterned rug with only one Reciprocator, James, in the room, still sitting in the same place, but his arms now folded as he looked at the floor. When he noticed Caelius had returned he got to his feet and moved over to him. "The wizards who did this," James began, his voice beseeching, "the conjurists…I just can't believe they are behaving like that…as if they can't accept the future, the developments we are making, and that non-wizards are making. If they won't accept them, what next? Live in mud huts and run around naked in the forests gathering mistletoe?" A very stereotypical view, of course, but Caelius knew what he meant. "Unfortunately it's a view that's growing, and it's growing fast." Caelius moved wearily towards the kitchen – he was hungry, his body was telling him so now his mind was a little calmer. James followed him wordlessly. He sat down on one of the chairs and waved his hand in front of him, calling up a pot of tea and two cups and saucers. "Some wizards don't like change, as you know, and hark back to the nostalgic days where non-wizards were god-fearing, nature-fearing beings who jumped at crackling fire or owl hoots." Caelius poured the tea, some milk from the jug which had appeared at the same time as the cups and saucers. James said nothing, and took the tea – when Caelius was in the position to talk he was usually about to impart something worth listening to "The Ministry have been aware for several months of pockets of this sort of thing appearing all over the place. Wizards actively avoiding non-wizard technology, a surge in fireplaces being built in houses without them and the sales of floo powder have gone up by five hundred percent since May…its as if some wizards are trying to enclose, fence in, our culture by retreating to a time when wizards and non-wizards were separate." He picked up his cup and took a sip. "I have noticed that, recently," replied James. Then he fixed Caelius with a look. "But you haven't talked to us Reciprocators about it, though." Caelius shook his head then smiled. "I have not. I had intended to meet with the Ministry tomorrow, the wizard cabinet in the Combined Government were to report on the matter, I had intended to discuss it at our meeting on Monday. But that was before today…" His voice tailed off to nothing, draining his cup and putting it down on the saucer. He looked at the pattern again, old country roses Royal Albert china. Clearly Sirius's long-gone mother was still influencing Number 12 from beyond the grave. He glanced at James who, at Caelius's mention of the attacks on Remus and Sirius, hung his head, staring himself now at the rose decoration. Conjurists. Caelius thought back to this growing movement. First, it was a measure of patriotism, to celebrate their differences in a positive light. They relied on Auld magic, magic from the earliest origin. Earth magic – magic which was in nature, like the binding of a person or a spell using someone's hair or skin as a means to communicate with or control them. Of course it had been explained many decades ago that interacting with the DNA of a person by certain spells produced the desired effect, and while the science behind magic was all to well known. Now it was being ignored and even positively resisted. How long could this go on for, when people stopped relying on science to interpret their world? When they stopped attending Hedgewards altogether? When they home-educated, relying on less than efficient, safe or reliable spells, ones which was passed from family to family; where outside influences were distrusted as a matter of course? Caelius shook his head. How they were going to counteract this change in thinking, originating as it had from Central Europe, driven by Aberforth's brother, no less, and Gellert Grindelwald. His thoughts dwelt on Cecilia Lupin. She had spent a good part of her life in another world, at the beginning of bringing science and magic together. Would she have had better luck there, where non-wizards lived in ignorance of wizards? She had worked hard, there was no doubting that – Remus had known – knew, Caelius corrected himself – his brother wasn't dead – and had preserved her work when she herself had grown tired of it, redundant as it all was here, in this world. "Where do you think these wizards, these conjurists, might take their rebellion?" James's question rang out in the kitchen. "They wish for the Combined Government to be split, and for us to have our own ministry, working for wizard interests. For differentiation, for exclusion of non-wizards…the list could go on and on. The wizards Remus and Sirius encountered this afternoon appeared to want to prove that halfbreeds, as magical creatures, were more justified in gaining their attention than non-wizards. They had disregarded all Ministry safeguards – to be honest, had Remus and Sirius not been there it might have been them who were lying in "St. Mungo's". "Should have been, the utter fools," replied James darkly. "If I'd been you, Caelius, I don't think I could have managed to keep my temper in their company." Believe me, replied Caelius to himself, I don't know how I did. "They want their own government," he reiterated instead. "Let them!" snapped back James, as if an imaginary conjurist had conjured himself into Number 12's kitchen. "See them suffer. It is through us and our hard work keeping it all running smoothly that they benefit! That they have the luxury to sit back and say, 'why do we need to know about science when we have magic?'! " Caelius looked at him. Usually level-headed and sober in his opinions it was rare for James Potter to issue an emotional proclamation. But then, Sirus was practically his brother; all the Reciprocators were as close as family. Caelius wondered why he felt nothing but a will to serve and liaise seeing as his brother was so critically injured. "They see the life on the Continent," replied Caelius smoothly. "They think that if hierarchy is promoted and restored and wizards are classed as superior their lives would be better. The work we have done has only gone so far in breaking down prejudices over the years." He waved his hand over his teacup which refilled then, moving towards James's, offered to refill his. James shook his head. "I am concerned with the Ministry's reaction to all of this too – I believe they will advise the Combined Government to come down heavily on conjurists. For their actions over half breeds, I do agree, but some would like to take it further, and I fear conjurists will then have the ammunition to take their grievance to the European Council of Wizards. This is exactly what the extremists want, and will undermine us, and our cause, greatly." James sighed. Here sat with him a great politician, who had served the interests of wizards, and non-wizards by effect, for a long time. He knew what Caelius said made sense, but it didn't mean he liked it. "Durmstrang is their rallying point," continued Caelius, feeling the urge to recount what he had intended to recount to the whole of the Reciprocator movement on Monday evening. His feeling was that it was probably the best thing to suspend it but he needed to make sure at least one more Reciprocator understood the whole point of his view, should anything happen to him before he could officially speak to them all. James was there, and he seemed to be receptive. He hoped that the wizard would take on the significance of the point that Caelius had chosen to speak to him now. "Our recession has not helped things, such things don't. It was the fragile nature of banks – again – that caused the 1956 goblin uprising. In times of economic decline people go back to their roots. Not one witch or wizard would have been caught dead going to a coven meeting in the nineties and yet now the application for official coven meetings, especially in North of England becoming more popular. But we can only account for those which have officially applied for a permit. We estimate that there are at least the same amount of covens operating illegally." He paused, allowing for the information to sink in. A coven had brought together the witches and wizards near Pendle Hill, where Remus and Sirius had gone, and been attacked. Covens generally fostered and promoted natural magic, Auld magic, and the Ministry was often fearful because it was, or could develop into, unregulated magic. He watched James nod, his still-dark head, despite his age, bobbing slowly. "This is not only happening here, but all over the continent. Only a month ago wizards from a coven in the Black Forest had been arrested over the alleged capture of a non-wizard, whose fate none of their accomplices would speak about. The man had been "oblivated" to prevent him from talking either." James nodded again, this time quicker. Everyone knew of the "Black Baiting" as the group's activities had become dubiously dubbed by newspapers across the world. The "oblivate" spell, which had been traced to one member of the coven, had been used to identify the rest of them and he and Sirius had joked that wizards either had to be very bold or very stupid not to realise any magic they did was traceable. Now, it didn't quite seem so funny any more. "And then there's Durmstrang. They have gone the other way to Hedgewards. No weak wizards or witches there. They have not only selected specifically for the best magical talent in Europe but lead the way in technological research, new magic." Which is why he had sent Mrs Lupin there. "Many wizards in this country only have to look to the Harz Mountains to question why our magical education system had turned in the other direction. They fail to see that Durmstrang is privately funded by conservative, wizard-based industries who are interested in farming the best talent they can." Gellert Grindelwald, who had intimate dealings with Albus Dumbledore, the famous non-wizard persecutor of old and who had gone into hiding many decades ago, had put in a considerable sum, Caelius had pointed out at the European Reciprocator Conference where this very issue had been discussed two months ago and where his valid concerns had been hastily brushed to one side. Due to their being inconvenient, Caelius had told himself bitterly at the time. "Crystallia Brand's family don't believe in the elitism," James qualified, speaking of his younger son, Sam's girlfriend. "That's why they reluctantly sent her to England. They agree with our education system. "Oh yes, many do. But equally, many have strong feelings to the contrary." Caelius disapparated the tea things. They reappeared in the scullery, much to Kreacher's annoyance. "They feel our culture is being eroded and that the only way to hang onto it is to practice the Auld magic. They cite non-wizard persecution of them, burning at the stake and so on, though inconsequential as we all now, as reasons to stir up conflict. That and a diminished understanding of science has led to ignorance and prejudice. Non-wizards won't sit back and take that either. James, " Caelius turned suddenly, gripping James's arm and looking at him urgently. "I am concerned at the very real possibility of the Reciprocator Movement breaking down. We have been sidelined over the years and our funding reduced. Additionally, what conjurists say, to the wizard on the broom, makes sense as long as you don't think about it too hard. When I was at the trial of the Black Forest Coven at least two of the jury were known conjurists. There are several on the European Wizarding Council too, one of whom had pushed the bill into Europe for allowing freedom to half breeds." He let go of James and shook his head. James looked at the head of their movement, the Reciprocators, a group of enlightened wizards that had fought for communication between wizards and non-wizards for more than two centuries and pitied him. "We will do what we can," replied James firmly, "we will fight them, we will do what we have always done." His voice was honest and true. Caelius looked at him and nodded in confirmation. But he felt anything other than this optimistic view that James had spoken of. He just hoped that his agent, who he had used most cruelly over the last few years, would change the course of events in their favour. In the favour of peace. 88888888 This was the new magic, and it was wondrous to behold. Deep in the basement, or rather the basement of the basement, of the Ministry of Magic Tabitha Penwright, a witch of limited magical talent bar the interpretation of mysteries, sat amongst her artefacts. She could not have told you the time of day, nor even the day itself if you were to ask her now, so fixed her mind was on the object she had in her hand, and the few within range around her. Everyone knew Tabitha Penwright, a quiet, mousy witch who had been much ignored and left alone during her first year at Hedgewards and who may have been a target for bullying due to her inability to perform many of the basic spells required of first years. It wasn't until another witch, whose family hailed originally from Tibet and who had brought in a strange artefact which had been passed down in her family, and which Tabitha had interpreted much to the utter astonishment of both her classmates and teacher, that her skill for understanding artefacts had been identified and her advanced prowess, attributed to post-NEWT level, had wowed her would-be tormenters. If you had asked Tabitha how she did it, again, she would not be able to tell you. The black, rubber-like sack which Indira Lakshmi had brought to the Defence against the Dark Arts lesson, had let out a howl when touched by different people. Indira had explained that different people caused it to make different sounds, but nobody knew why and her family just took it to be a humorous object they had around the house. Tabitha has sneaked out of the Hufflepuff dormitory that evening and made it down to the Defence classroom where it still sat, having been used for target practice by the students: Indira had laughed and agreed to Defence spells being used on it because, as she put it, "there've been many spells thrown at it, and not one has changed it, or caused any damage whatsoever." Tabitha had been found by the Defence against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Clutterbuck who, on first scolding her for being abroad all night, had then been astonished that she had discovered that Indira's rubber sack was in fact an interpretation device which, using the correct intonation, allowed for direct translation of many languages, even runic and imaginary languages. Professor Clutterbuck had asked Tabitha how she had done it. Then, as now, she explained that she had a feeling, an instinct as to what spell she might use, or what incantation to try. Then she played around a little with the rhythm of her voice, tone and tambour until it yielded its secrets. These days it didn't work quite so quickly as it had done when she was eleven. Indeed, some artefacts she had been working on for several months, though most the interpreted far sooner than that and there had been no artefact Tabitha had failed to understand. Her record as a Mysteriour had been perfect. Her job now wasn't just to understand mysteries. Using the Auld magic Tabitha married it to non-wizard technological developments. She had been personally responsible for sixty-eight new spells to enter the wizard world (though precisely none were attributed to her in the most recent edition of "Student Spells"). Trawling though history she cross-linked the magic to any scientific developments which had taken place that were akin to the magical ones, so as to produce insights that were both academically interesting (to other people, Tabitha had decided) and, more importantly (to Tabitha) of practical use by wizards. Now, for example, Tabitha could give the reason how and why Indira's sack might be capable of interpretation, using scientific method to explain it in terms of energy, vibrations and the correct spell needed to activate it, which could only be done by a wizard who had had the correct amount of practice. For it was the practical which still held thrall for Tabitha as well as the translation into both scientific and magical dialects, as it were. In fact, what it came down to was wherever energy abounded magic could be used. It had been her discovery, but few people new about it. She had help, however. As a member of the Reciprocators she relied heavily on Lily Potter's innate ability to understand history. By liaising with her, Lily was able to provide a clear understanding of both wizard and non-wizard past, usually without much reference to a book, such was her skill at remembering so much of it and Tabitha had often remarked that she would not be surprised that Lily would be able to remember so much about the past, it was a wonder it was brave enough to progress into the future. Tabitha used Lily's knowledge and understanding of the wizard's past to match together science and between them practical magic could be borne, allowing wizards and muggles to continue to work together. The eye pod, another one of hers. A blend of non-wizard technology and hybrid magical creatures, the eye was used to match light mood to music. She had been she who had developed the computer screen hex where, what you think about appears on someone else's computer, a form of telepathy. It had been a development from writing in steamed up mirrors where your message would appear on a chosen person's mirror in the condensation. In addition, there had been a "smellevision" which had been a boon to perfume and aftershave manufacturers by way of more direct advertising. This had been more a non-wizard development but it did not defy explanation – particles of the fragrance were apparated straight into people's homes. And countless other developments. And none of it would have been possible without Severus Snape's tireless work on the Universal Link, Energy, Light, Magic, the last piece of understanding of which had been provided by Cecilia Frobisher. Not Frobisher now, Tabitha corrected herself, Cecilia Lupin. She had got along with Cecilia: where Cecilia was outgoing, gregarious and forthright Tabitha was introverted and preferred her own company. She had pitied Cecilia too, though, having had such deep, complicated connections to the Ministry, few of which kept her around for long. Cecilia had spent her second-to-last undertaking at Hedgewards as a teacher of science. What her duty was now, Tabitha did not know, but she did know that Cecilia, when she had been around, before leaving, had been deeply miserable. Whatever her secret mission was, it wasn't secret enough for this Mysteriour to know there was something deeply troubling her. Now, Tabitha looked around her, coming to from her deep thoughts surrounding a cube, with nine segments on each side, where each third of each side could move in three directions, a little like a Rubix Cube but each square black. It had been there for several decades, discarded as unreadable. Tabitha blinked around her department. Deep down there, within the Ministry, was her place, where she liked to be…with her mysteries. Cecilia had told her once that she knew of a place where semi-skilled wizards and witches like Tabitha were hated and non-wizards reviled as animals. Tabitha was grateful that she had never known such a place. For to be a Mysteriour, and a Reciprocator too, she knew she could be no more suited for any other role. Slipping off her locket, a large, heart-shaped piece of jewellery which had been in her family (which, in another world that we are more familiar with it being one of seven horcruxes created by a certain dark wizard who here, was just old Tom Riddle) she sighed as its weight was relieved from her neck. It helped her concentrate to be as bare as possible, though she did draw the line at nudity. Little did Tabitha know, but she would have loved to have known had not only 3 people (Aberforth, Caelius and Cecilia) known, that it was an intransmutable object, something which had remained unchanged when Cecilia changed the past and therefore the future, one of many things which when remained the same when Cecilia had gone behind the veil and interacted with the memories. As she placed it on the stone pillar next to her, it glowed reassuringly. Tabitha smiled before looking round at the strange department. This was her realm, her dominion. She was queen: no other Mysteriour, wizards who worked in the department of Mysteries, not Vincento with his elvish qualities, or Gregor, their ancient overseer, could match her for skill. Then she looked back at the black, articulate cube, clearing her mind so she could focus. Behind her, unnoticed, the locket disappeared. 88888888 By means of the Saturday morning post, two days after the arrival of the first strange parcel of writings another arrived for him. He was lucky that Hermione was at work that morning for, idly over a cup of coffee, Harry read the information contained therein. More fragments, like thoughts and ideas, but about potions this time. Or more significantly, a potion. It was hard to make out much more from it but he was intrigued. And then, after his second cup of coffee Harry was in action, retrieving the black bin bag which he had put out for rubbish that night and which contained the original parcel's contents that Hermione had disposed of for him. How glad he was that Hermione was at work for she would not only have scoffed at him for wanting it back but laughed as he fished around in the refuse for it. Where had both of these come from? That was a question that Harry had asked himself several times that morning. He had even scrutinised the packaging that the second had arrived in, but it had seemingly come through the ordinary mail and the postmark was indistinct. The first had reminded him of Cecilia Lupin's book; the second of some sort of experimental potion that was being constructed, something which Severus Snape was known to develop on behalf of the Reciprocators, strictly in his own time, now he was headmaster of Hedgewards. The author of this second written work was also thinking about why it had all been written, but not for the same reason as Harry Potter. On being an employee at Hedgewards the author had outlined what they had considered to be significant, but now irrelevant information. There, as now, the author had been a prisoner. At least at Hedgewards the author had been a little more fooled. Now…well the only hope now for everyone was if Harry would act upon what he had been sent.
88888888 Conjurism as an idea has started in Europe and had begun in Britain in the North of England, originally as an idea, a feeling, filtering out like sunlight through clouds as dawn begins. It began with humans who, with their magic, began to think: where is my place in the world? Where is my influence? Why, when we used to be so influential, are we treated no longer treated, for having magic, as…special? It was an idea which had encouragement from many sections of society, unconsciously by the wholehearted and enthusiastic magical celebrations such as Halloween, and other local festivals? Where, being of magic meant wearing the garb of a witch or wizard, and calling foul when asked to do something which means they would not be recognised as such – removing cloaks and hats in public buildings, or handing in their wand for security. Both of these had been so commonplace fifteen years before it was hardly worth calling to attention. They embraced the Auld magic, the magic of the earth, magic which the furthest reaches of magical ancestry could have accessed, when the choice of wand amounted to pulling off the branch of the nearest tree and hoping for the best. When ritual was connected to method: dancing three times round an oak tree naked holding hands with your family resulted in a higher crop yield than twice or four times, the oak tree had to be no younger than fifty years, at least a hundred acorns and it had to be done in the light of the full moon (the last clause possibly related to convenience rather than magical method, and nudity may well have been someone's idea of a practical joke). In such a way magic was tamed, improved on, used, passed on in the form of a ritual. That was the Auld magic, it was derived from nature and came from the earth. And then magic was improved, hi-jacked if you like, by well-meaning wizards with the aim of improving the lives of both the magical and non-magical – the first spell books began to be written where running developments and research was documented (if three stirs of the hair-growing potion resulted in a quicker result, what would happen with four? Would a different spell have a better effect? What about different ingredients? How many?) And so on, until the Auld magic became Modern, which had been refined and displaced from the magic of the earth over several centuries. Research, through the efforts primarily of wizards in magical institutions began to be written down for all wizards to access, it being their birthright to access effective, up-to-date spells for their own use. And they published their work indiscriminately, the improved efficacy of dark, terrible spells printed next to ones which changed the colour of begonias by blinking at them. Centuries of misuse of such spells, especially directed to the non-wizard population of the world and the resulting distrust of magic by non-wizards necessitated the introduction of policing of spells by countries' governing Ministries. And, shortly following this was the birth of the Reciprocators, whose primary role was to liaise between wizards and non-wizards, to allow the free-flow of ideas and to negotiate when misunderstandings or conflict between both cultures arose. So when scientific ideas and developments in the non-wizard world took hold: medicinal, chemical, mathematical, engineering, botanically and so on, Reciprocators were there, discussing, refining, conferring and ultimately liaising with wizards with parallel roles in magic, bridging wizards and non-wizards discreetly and effectively. And so it is easy to understand, with knowledge of both wizard tradition and scientific understanding, that there was no coincidence that seats of magical wisdom or gatherings took place at high altitude: lower blood pressure made for clearer thinking and more accurate spells thus making the channelling of magical energy easier. Single-gender gatherings were most effective for the same, blood-pressure lowering effects. Which comes to both the current role of Reciprocators now, here in this alternative world, as magic-science researchers like Tabitha Penwright and the unique challenges that conjurists posed. For, though the face of conjurists are many-faceted, stemming from numerous and often conflicting motives, the effects of their actions were ultimately powerful and appealing, especially to the pompous and overbearing, badly informed, ignorant, affronted reactionaries, recoiling from imagined sidelining of the importance of magic. Oh, conjurism had started out innocently enough as these things do, with "Auld Magic", rose and it became fashionable for those of the magical persuasion to have a copy of the book prominently placed on their best bookshelf, proud and bold. I am a wizard, it said to anyone who saw it. This is a place of magic. That you had just arrived there by floo or broom was irrelevant to the statement. And when groups of people feel isolated and marginalised it takes very little for them to old onto things to which they feel an affinity,. Nor does it take much for them to believe with little question facts which deep down they really do believe to be true even if it is distasteful of them to speak it openly. It was groups of people such as these who need a charismatic, believable figurehead The conjurists were the distinct group to form from the slowly polarising group of citizens. Not for them the Auld magic tabernacle merely shelved in their dwellings. They sought to commune with ancestors from the past, their ancestors whose next step from discovering fire was learning how to procure it simply out of thin air. Not for them the flint and twig. Some conjurists spent time analysing government moves and motives and deciding how they threatened wizarding ways of life, tutting as they read in the Daily Prophet how some discrepancy between wizards and non wizards had been overcome, the policy of non-wizard admission to Hedgewards being the latest wasp-in-the-bonnet. For others who dwelt on selective parts of common history they homed in on perceived patriotism, pageants and celebrations being over-emphasised and deep emotion provoked as being vital to being a witch or a wizard. Some, and this was the group which was growing frighteningly quickly in number, went much further, anticipating perceived challenges to magic as an entity and choosing severe methods with which to counter them. One of these was the issue of half-breeds. Human-magical creature mating had existed probably as long as there had been humans and magical creatures and, as individual groups were tolerated. But in the last couple of decades wizards with far too much time on their hands, were part of the latter type of conjurist, or probably both had had ideas of their own. In Britain, as in other countries throughout the world, half-breed creatures were supposed to be registered in their country of birth with possible inherent risks being noted. This was a nonthreatening process – vampires, werewolves, giants and so on were keen on registration as a means of operating according to their own culture but within the framework of acceptability in society (vampires were not allowed to practice on humans, for example). It served as reassurance to non-wizards whose fears were allayed on trust. It was a system that had worked for almost two centuries, co-incidentally the same amount of time the Reciprocators had been in operation. It was no co-incidence in fact, it was one of the first things the movement had put in place, beneficial to all involved and demonstrating that their role was important and needed. But the growth of unregistered half-breeds had increased a hundred-fold over the last three years. And not only that the practice cross breeding, resulting in offspring whose qualities were unidentified and unknown. These conjurists were arrogant – they felt they had the right to behave as they liked, use magic in their own way without regard to the law, neither moral or civil code. And it was such cross-bred half-breeds which Sirius and Remus had been sent to investigate, two of which had attacked them viciously. If the above account sounds bureaucratic and dry, that's because it is. It had been written by Caelius as a summary of the situation that threatened the world that the Reciprocators did and was originally written for Aberforth Dumbledore as a summary critique. Now he had updated it, in his own fastidious, politician-like manner. He couldn't help it – Caelius Lupin was a born administrator who thought and could negotiate in a manner that made him suitable for government and as such felt the circumstances surrounding Conjurists needed to be stated in as factual and non-biased manner as he could possibly make it. He had also updated the account because of his current precarious position. He put down his quill and replaced it in his hand with his wand. "Securos!" Caelius uttered, watching the long parchment contract into a roll. It would not be able to be opened unless someone knew the correct pass-keyword to open it. Getting to his feet Caelius picked up the scroll and, walking across his damp office (torrential rain had persisted with infrequent thunderstorm bursts) to a section of the wall which was like any other. Drawing a square with his wand against the wetness a bright score of light followed his wand-tip until the shape was complete. With his free hand Caelius took the handle of the door which appeared, opening the safe and depositing the scroll. He tapped the door, which dissolved back into the dampness and he watched it for a second, wondering if it would come to anyone actually reading what he had just written. Perhaps, he considered, and they would marvel at his characteristic verbosity. He hoped that no-one picked up on the guilt he was feeling from his part in sending his brother, and Sirius Black too, into such danger. Ultimately though, conjurism was a desperate grasp towards something familiar, something to cling to, something which was theirs alone, which defined them as "with magic", and set them apart from muggles. It challenged everything that was morally right and best for society and so it was correct for both the Combined Government and the Reciprocators to challenge conjurism. Ultimately, through fear dreadful, far-reaching effects would be felt. Ultimately, would the difference that Cecilia Frobisher made by altering the past be significant, or would human nature, that of both those magical and non-magical, over arch all? 88888888 The wind blew over the high flat plain that was the top of Pendle Hill. Long ago the sun had descended the horizon and now, even the afterlight, the dusk, was beginning to flee. There had been people assembled here, magical people, moreover. They had met, as covens and clans had done (so they believed) in one of the most magical places in the country, if not the world. If they had considered that such clandestine meetings both ancient and modern had been called thereupon because it was close for people to walk to, yet remote enough to be private, and that the weather, often damp, kept most inquisitive people away they would probably not actually have been there. "Is it not unreasonable to say that our ways need to be preserved?" The words flickered as their medium tumbled and tossed around on the ground, shreds of discarded parchment for the torn pamphlet from a conjurists meeting that evening. "Much that was our heritage has become scoured away, blended into nothing along with tax returns and…" Now, all there was to read it was a small brown rabbit who had risked the semi-open (and therefore the prospect of being course two on some bird-of-prey's menu). Not that it could read. And even if it could, what value would it have placed on the latest conjurist missive, circulated like wildfire around groups of like-minded wizards and witches from Pristina to Donegal? Not for it were cares of wrong-doing against the wizard populace. What did it care for wizards anyway? It surely would have thanked its lucky stars it were not white and therefore at risk of being pulled out of a top hat by its ears. "Once, wizards were noble and proud, and through our nobility we did not subject non-wizards to tyranny or slavery. Indeed, one of our most revered number even set up the Grand Discussion so as to better understand non-wizards." Fortunately, or perhaps unfortunately (it depends upon your point of view) the declaration would remain lost amongst the bracken and hedgerow, eventually allowing its inanimate form to be battered and torn. It had been deprived of its destiny through haste and carelessness, and had not been sent through the well-disguised routes of communication to other conjurists meetings. "But our culture has now been overshadowed and we have been sidelined. Our input is unvalued and all too often ignored. Our reception by many including some of our own can be one of belittlement or worse, hostility. Many conjurists who had been there that night had been scared, especially considering the author purported to have written the pamphlet. For many, to separate themselves from ordinary society and to live by the examples in "Auld Magic" had been quite controversial. Perhaps it had been the shock of change of entrance regulations to Hedgewards that year which had been the catalyst, making them feel conjurism was a haven from perceived threats to their culture. Maybe some had been reluctant because of conjurists' open hostility or separation from non-wizards in their everyday lives. "What we ask of the Council of Europe is the recognised right to practise our culture as outlined in the book of "Auld Magic" and…" It was not the first pamphlet, and nor would it be the last. But it had had an effect on those who had read it that night and had germinated enmity in the hearts of many. Enmity, yes, but there would also be hatred, conflict and destruction. Just as the author had planned. 88888888 It was so late at night it was beginning to become early. Not that Caelius could sleep; he had spurned his ministerial flat which had been a blessing and returned to his family, his childhood home in the Lake District, not far from Little Langdale, tucked away in the hard, rugged landscape of Cumbria. It was a bed he would have preferred not to have used, the spare one which he knew Cecilia always had insisted be made up for emergency guests. It had been his sister-in-law who he thought about as he watched the proto-dawn hint at its imminent arrival, breaking of momentarily as a small thump down the corridor drew his attention. Heaving himself out of bed Caelius stumbled towards the door, looking down the corridor and towards Septimus's room. The door was closed. It wasn't his nephew getting up, then. Caelius turned and made his way back to bed, but not to sleep. He fixed his eyes on the ceiling as he thought about Cecilia again. He knew Septimus missed his mother; he had told him the night before when he had asked about her return the truth about her, or at least, a portion of the truth. It was a truth which he had not shared with anyone else, not the ministry (for whom she was technically working, although under Caelius's instruction). The truth was that she was missing. No form of communication had he received close to six weeks and, on enquiring with his contact at Durmstrang her collaborator had informed him that she had left with all of her belongings. It had been the last thing Caelius had wanted to share with his shy nephew, the image of his father with the exception of his hair which, though fair like Remus's, had a hint of red in it, Cecilia's colouring. But he had had to inform the boy of his father's precarious grip on life (or abnormal life, Caelius had added to himself) and Septimus had taken the news in his characteristic withdrawn manner. On the face of it, were anyone to judge quickly, Septimus had listened to his uncle and then taken up the dishes, washed them, before studying his Chocolate Frog cards. But Caelius knew Septimus. The boy's brain would be feverishly active, thinking about all that his uncle had told him. In time, he would talk to Caelius of his concerns. Missing, yes. But Ragnhild Anderssen had seen her walking out of the castle grounds with her sparse possessions, her research abandoned but her books gone. Where she had gone Caelius did not know; he had had his best agents out looking for her since Cecilia's disappearance two weeks before, picking up any leads, or suggestions of leads. There had been precious few and, though Caelius had followed up each and every one of them, all had led him to a dead end. It was worrying to say the least, especially considering the growing wizard unrest in certain parts of the country, and the continent, with their illegal and illicit magical endeavours, one of which had seriously injured his brother. Caelius still had the practicalities of integrating a non-wizard into Hedgewards to consider too; though James's intentions were good Caelius had to admit he was a little too laid back for his liking, the work taking far longer than he'd expected. And, of course, though his brother's horrific incapacitation he had his nephew to care for, so quiet one might have sworn he had blended into the walls of the room (and sometimes he did, for hi-jinks), so deep in thought and so content being alone that Caelius had considered sending him to live with the Potters just to get a bit of life into him. Caelius sighed as he considered the Potters and the rest of the Reciprocators. He knew he would have to share the essence of his account of conjurists with the movement as well as Cecilia's disappearance at their meeting on Monday. Getting out of bed a second time and putting the Pandora's box of thoughts back into his mind, securing it firmly, Caelius pulled on his clothes as light clamoured for entry through the gaps in the curtains. Then he made his way out onto the landing once again, walking swiftly and quietly towards Septimus's bedroom door. "Portus!" he intoned, waving his wand, turning the door handle, on both sides of the door, into a port key which would take him to wherever Caelius was. If he used it within the next half an hour or so wherever Caelius was would be at Number 12, Grimmauld Place. "I don't know what would be best for them surviving or not surviving." Caelius stirred his tea which James Potter had magicked for him on the coffee table in Grimmauld Place's living room five minutes later. James had clearly opted to stay at Sirius's house the previous evening, extending his shift "on call" for another night to cover for his poor friend. Caelius had found him dozing on the sofa in the same clothes he had been in the previous day and James had jumped out of a deep sleep when Caelius had clapped his hand onto his shoulder. "His injuries…" James continued his point before trailing off, shaking his head and looking into his half-empty cup, the toast he had magicked cooling rapidly as he ignored it. "Both of their injuries…" "Last night I went to Hedgewards," replied Caelius carefully. He looked deliberately at his fellow Reciprocator, his face full of meaning. "I saw Severus." There was a pause. "You say you saw Severus?" Another pause and a look of knowing passed between the two wizards. "You have me James," admitted Caelius. "I did ask him about a cure, and believe me when I say that I pressed. Nothing would relieve me of the burden of knowing that my brother being so ill and knowing that I could give little Tim some good news if Severus Snape handed me a vial of something." Just like he did for me, Caelius added, but to himself. "Little Tim," mused James fondly. "How is Septimus? It must be awful, living with you." He looked concernedly at Caelius, who sagged. It was far too grave a situation to pick up on an ill-chosen phrase. "Worryingly well, "replied Caelius. "We discussed schools – I wanted to get the choice over with but I think that was a bad move and – " "- he'll be going to Hedgewards, surely?" James's incredulous tone left little room for rebuttal. Caelius however shook his head. "I don't know. He has magical ability,that is certain. But Remus, and Cecilia too, they both wanted him to choose. They live…lived – " "Live," stated James firmly. " – out in the wilds of Cumberland, as you know, but Cecilia had had her eye on a local school similar to one she attended. Who knows, he may well have decided to go there." "What? And not develop his magic? Unthinkable!" He looked sharply towards Caelius who seemed to have reacted to this comment. "I mean…you, Caelius, it was a different time and, well, Hedgewards would have held you back." "But I went, though," mused Caelius grimly. "Four years at home in the cottage with my parents bringing me books. Long walks into lonely countryside to practise. I had a tutor, but…not much of an education. And then Remus went to Hedgewards and he went to Aberforth pleading my case. So intolerant to an injustice that he was prepared to stand, as a first year, in front of the headmaster's door and plead my case." "I think Dumbledore suspected Snape had a plan up his sleeve," chuckled James, remembering how Severus Snape seemed to have known all that Hedgewards would have taught him in terms of potions. Old Taftey-boy despaired at ever teaching him anything – he was researching and developing before his first year was out! He had been to Aberforth before with plans for a host of things." "Or rather, he planted the idea in Snape's mind. A challenge to keep old Severus in check," Caelius returned quietly, before changing the subject and adding, "but education is not the same as it was – it'll be truly comprehensive now, James. Wizards and non-wizards too can go to Hedgewards, both together. A chance to truly understand one another as they live and grown with one another!" James frowned, looking at Caelius. Do you really believe that, he thought, or are you still carrying out Aberforth's vision. Aloud, he said, "it still all seems…" "Stop," protested Caelius, getting to his feet. "Whatever you're about to say I would hate you to sound like a bloody conjurist." This time it was James's turn to be sharp. "I can understand Septimus must be a burden, especially at a time such as this, Caelius. I'm not being a conjurist. I just believe in streaming. Specialities." Both wizards looked at one another again, this time a whisper of disharmony between them. Caelius looked at his now-cold toast. He wished he had eaten it, for his stomach now sounded like a tiger had taken up residence. Then Caelius realised that silence was reigning, and had been for several minutes. "It was time I left, James," said Caelius, glancing back towards the fireplace. "If I could have your proposals on the reasonable adjustments you think would be suitable at our meeting on Tuesday please, I'd me most grateful." Before turning, he added, "please give Lily my best." "Septimus too," returned James, calmly. "It looks as if the boy's going to need." 88888888 Instead of returning to the cottage Caelius returned to his office. It would be better, he decided, if he were to use Remus and Cecilia's home as a base that day, it being Sunday and there being no school to take Septimus's mind off his considerable woes. Perhaps he would take the lad to see his father assuming, that is, Severus was going to actually produce some potion which would take away the effects of the vampire. At least Sirius had fared slightly better, having been bitten by the werewolf. Snape had almost confirmed that he had attuned the standard lycanthropy potion to suit the injuries Sirius had suffered but would he not just say so? Severus Snape was as cryptic as the Times crossword – Caelius's thoughts broke off suddenly when, as he leaned on the handle of his office door, his grip, hand and fingerprint pattern being recognised by the Ministry's own secure "Amicitia" and "Cave Inimicum" spells, and looked at the scene. All that could accurately describe the scene would be to say that it looked like an explosion in a paper factory which had then had the entire contents of the British Library shredded on top of it, the lot being put into a large tumble dryer and whirled at high speed for several minutes before a pack of wild dogs had been allowed to investigate it frenetically. In several places small, localised fires were smouldering or waning where Caelius's "Confringo" spells placed on several important documents which were now destroyed by the intruders. "Priori Incantantem!" "Deletrius!" Caelius, now on his guard in the apparently empty room, surveyed the damage as the contents of his filing cabinets returned them to their original places in a snow-flurry of paper. As the paper re-ordered itself, Caelius performed an accountability spell, followed by an unlawful entry spell to check if the intruder had left any trace of who they might be. Nothing. Caelius shook his head as he considered the situation, before stooping down and picking up a piece of paper which had not been filed. Just then, his attention was called to a knock on the open office door. Lucius Malfoy stood, open-mouthed at the mess. "I think there's been an intruder," said Caelius unnecessarily. "But I've checked, nothing has actually gone missing." "That is a relief," replied Lucius, smiling a little. Here, in this world, far from being a threat to honest wizards he was a trusted member of the Ministry, a head of department with whom Caelius would meet that evening along with several others. "But I think they were after information on Cecilia Lupin," he replied, watching as Lucius's eyebrows rose in thorough surprise. As far as the higher echelons of the Ministry were concerned Cecilia was doing Caelius's work in Germany, at the castle at Durmstrang. "She went missing, a fortnight ago," he continued, then stopped abruptly. "Look, I'll detail everything at out meeting this evening; I've had my best people on it since I knew, and I had to give it time to find out what has happened." Caelius shook his head as he handed to Lucius the pamphlet he had just found on the floor, one piece of paper which had never belonged in his filing cabinet and had, presumably been dropped by the intruder. Lucius shook his head, his long hair moving in the wake, and blinking at the words that his colleague was showing him. "Conjurists?" Caelius nodded. "Not just your 'dance around in your undies' lot either," he added, "not ours. Look – " Caelius pointed to the printing information at the bottom of the pamphlet. "It went to the press, a non-wizard printing press; the author didn't have it magicked. But I know these marks, they're from the Mainz press." "Why do you think these particular conjurists are interested in Mrs Lupin?" The question hung between them like a dagger frozen in mid-throw by a permanent sticking charm, adhering the words to the air. "It was I who sent her there," Caelius revealed, more than he would like under Malfoy's steely expression, one which challenged Caelius, though he did not mean to. But it didn't matter; the heads would be far wiser of several facts relating to conjurists that evening. "Where she might be, I don't know." But I can guess, he added to himself. "Your evidence will be vital to our meeting this evening," replied Lucius coolly. "You haven't forgotten that you will address the Heads' Council?" The heads of department, under the presidency of the Minister for magic, would be sitting in the lowest chamber and hearing the vital months' issues, evidence from Caelius, as head of security and espionage being critical to the conjurist threat. "Indeed," Caelius nodded. It had been foremost in his mind for several hours as he refined and rewrote in his head what he would say. "With the uprising in conjurists I am sure we will have to introduce stricter, draconian measures. It'll be the only way," Lucius added gravely. "But isn't that against the unified government?" "What choice do we have? These are emergency measures." Caelius found himself nodding. What more of an emergency could it be when two Reciprocators, his brother and a close friend no less, had been so horrifically mauled? "We'll have to destroy the half-breeds, we had no choice though it was difficult," Lucius continued silkily as he glanced back at the pamphlet, "we've not released the information, there would be an outcry. Those who believe in half-breed equality would not understand and we do not wish to cause controversy with things so delicately in the balance." Caelius looked away before fixing Lucius with a weary stare "I can't deal with this now, Lucius, could you make the arrangements for the meeting? Regulus? Mick Mullen? Yourself, of course. "But of course. Join us when you can; we need to sort this out." Lucius would begin the meeting that morning but Caelius was not needed until that evening. "Yes, indeed we do." Lucius bowed slightly before leaving Caelius alone. He glanced around the room again before waving his wand and adding to the usual Ministry protections a "Confundus" spell. If the intruder were to return then the spell would become overtly confused, enough to hopefully forget their purpose. Caelius then walked swiftly through his office door, securing it with half a dozen extra spells, charms and anti-hexes. Now it was time to see Tim and, in light of the fact he had not been transported via his bedroom door-handle portkey to Caelius, it meant his nephew was still in bed. Perhaps a good breakfast would see the young man right. It certainly couldn't do him any harm; Septimus always looked on the lean side to him, like his father. And the tiger in his own stomach, growling away, also needed taming.
88888888 Septimus Lupin looked at the rising sunlight through the mist of the dew that was slowly evaporating in the warmth of the dawn. Sitting as he was on the roof of his home, a cottage in the Lake District, the eleven-year-old had cast an umbrella spell to protect him from the damp. His mother, he remembered, had always warned him away from damp and, as Septimus was sitting in his pyjamas in the open, moist air around him, this would certainly fall under his mother's definition of the word damp. He closed his eyes, imagining her face, softly outlined as it appeared in his mind's eye. That he was sitting on the slate roof rather than standing at his uncle's side was due to the fact that he had left his bedroom through the window, clung onto the cast iron drainpipe and inched his way to the summit. It was a move Septimus had long practiced and therefore he had never touched his door handle, which Caelius had made into a portkey. The cottage was not his home, however. Septimus's home was a couple of hundred miles south, near to where his mother had grown up. It had been his home, where he had grown up, lived, made friends…but when his mother had gone away to teach at Durmstrang school a couple of years his Uncle had agreed with his father that the best place for Septimus was there, in the Lupin family cottage, not Edgeford. His father was ill, Caelius had told him, in the same kind, sad tone as he had told him that his mum would not yet be home. So now, with his uncle away from the cottage that morning, Septimus was alone. It was a strangely pleasing situation – Septimus had always felt happy in his own company. There was so much of the world he didn't feel he fitted into and was far more confident after he had sat alone and thought, rather than discussing them at length with anyone. The only person he had ever really spoken and confided in was his mum, but of course, that was typical of all children. Even Freya. And even Freya had gone. Tim loved his adopted sister, and she had doted on him. But her rebellious streak had caused her and his mother to disagree and it had been decided that she should live with Nymphadora Tonks and Nick Smith, in their modern town house forty miles away in Whitehaven. Tonks was good influence, mum had said, and Freya had been delighted too. But she had been sad to have left Septimus behind and he had asked her to visit when she could, and he had promised to do the same. He closed his eyes again. Septimus could see the image of his mother behind his eyelids again, a picture which grew ever dimmer as the days and weeks passed. It wasn't as if Septimus hadn't had the opportunity to visit her at her new place of work, at Durmstrang School, Septimus had wanted to go but Uncle Kay had forbidden it. Well, not actually forbidden as such, more avoided the subject when Septimus had brought it up, or said things like, "soon" and "we'll see". And now she was missing. Caelius, in his usual way when he was imparting bad news, had sat him down on the ancient furniture in the cottage, the patterned fabric clashing with the brown and orange curtains, and told him. He could tell Caelius didn't want to tell him; in fact he had thought that Uncle Kay had wanted to speak to him about which secondary school he was to attend. Septimus had spoken to Sam Potter on the subject when he had invited Septimus to the Reciprocator headquarters for his eleventh birthday a couple of months ago. Septimus liked 12, Grimmauld Place – he had grown up knowing the wizards who did such an important social and public service and a large part of him wanted to be a Reciprocator too, like his father. But he would have to go to Hedgewards, to develop his magical talent, but in his heart of hearts Septimus knew that his mother would have wanted him to go to the feeder school to his Borrowdale primary school, in Penrith. In fact, any non-wizard school would have pleased his mother, Septimus knew, and he knew this because it was one of the last things she had confided to him. He needed to go to Hedgewards if he wanted a career that was magical, for magic needed training unless it was to become wild, Uncle Kay had explained. It suited all children with magic, no matter how small and Septimus had listened while his uncle had explained the scheme that he was developing, to start that September. Freya had wanted to be a wizard and, when she was fourteen, she'd slipped into Hedgewards somehow and had tried to masquerade as a witch, with the help of some friends. The deception had lasted a whole week before anyone noticed. Septimus's mind was brought to the present by a light summer breeze which tickled his cheek. He watched a pair of swallows dart around the far mountainside of Helvellyn, the yellow moorland glowing in the morning sunshine as the birds gurgled and cawed to one another. In the distance cirrus clouds patched the blue and beyond was a small tarn in which beautiful fish swam unaware of the fact that later that day they would be ensnared by man-made traps and beguilements. His father had taken him walking in the countryside around the Lupin cottage, they would track birds and deer, watch for insects and observe fish in the mountain tarns. His father liked to catch the freshwater fish as he used to do with his uncle and he'd taught Septimus to fish too. They would catch many and store them in a keep net but every time Septimus would beg his father to free the fish, which he always did. But not today. Today there would be no warm glow in his stomach as Septimus saw his uncle fly along the path on an ancient family broom (nought to sixty in an hour) begging them for details of their expedition. Not today would his adopted sister arrive back from a shopping trip to Carlisle or, if finances disallowed, Kendal. Today he would have to sit alone in the cottage in which he had shared such marvellous times and just dream the dreams that eleven-year-olds had: of family, play and fun. It was either that or break down into frantic worry and, as his Freya had already done that (when she had arrived at the cottage with Tonks the previous evening to listen to Uncle Kay tell her what he had told him) Septimus reasoned, and it had not made their situation any better, he thought he'd best save his energy. A few days ago his mother had gone missing, Uncle Kay had explained, and the day before yesterday his father ending up in hospital. Gravely ill he had heard the Healer say when his Uncle had taken him to the hospital. He had not seen his father and his uncle had then returned to Septimus's family home in Edgeford, securing it with a host of spells. Septimus had not had much time to see his old home and when he looked at the steep steps which led to the front door, the blue garage to the right and entry which led down the side of the house to the kitchen a lump had appeared in his throat. He had seen too that on the kitchen table were some of his mother's things, potions, chemicals, flasks, books…it was as if she had been there recently and he had been glad that Uncle Caelius had returned quickly or he might have called out to her. Septimus knew that his mother had worked closely with Severus Snape professionally and in his mind's eye could imagine the Hedgewards' Headmaster's words as his research partner had gone. He had closed his eyes instead and pictured her face. She looked pale and delicate, as if one tap on her shoulder would have caused a crack so severe she would have crumbled before him. She drew Septimus towards her, hugging him close. "Tim. Be brave, my son," he imagined her saying, for they were the last words she had whispered in his ear before she had left for Durmstrang. And that was the last that Septimus Lupin had seen of his mother. "Keep him safe, Caelius." This time it had been his Uncle who had spoken the words and he too was looking in at the kitchen window. "That was what your mother asked me to do," he continued, hugging Septimus around the shoulders. Moments later Uncle Kay had transported them back to St. Mungo's, where his father was and where he took Septimus into the ward where both he and Sirius Black were lying. He then explained to Septimus that they shouldn't be there after hours but he was certain Septimus would want to see his father. Septimus had been worried about what his dad would be like; he knew St. Mungo's was a wizard's last resort once non-wizard hospitals had done what they could and he had been glad he had gone, more especially because when Freya had come later that evening, he would be able to exchange a hug from his big sister for some news that their father was resting peacefully. More importantly however, it was the last chance he would have to see his father before he was quarantined – Septimus had been sitting on the landing when Lucius Malfoy's head had appeared in the fireplace and explained the situation to Caelius. Septimus did not know why this had happened but the word "gravely" it had dwelt in his mind. Gravely. Septimus knew it meant "seriously" but there was a part of him that felt it meant something different. Grave-ly. Of a grave. The kitchen door opened and closed below Septimus's room in his uncle's cottage and this perked him out of his gloomy thoughts. Uncle Kay was usually home around lunchtime and often brought him something tasty from the Ministry canteen. Yesterday it had been a brie and grape sandwhich whose semi-melted condition had merely enhanced the flavour. What would today bring? "Septimus!" Caelius Lupin pushed open the adjoining kitchen-to-living room door which creaked woodenly. "Are you – " "I'm here," gasped Septimus, shouting through his bedroom window before descending the roof, swinging into his room in a well-practiced manoeuvre and then racing down the stairs to see his uncle. Two weeks of close confinement in a small cottage in the Lake District, following the end of the school year, had taught Septimus to appreciate any hint of company. " – there? There you are!" From out of his robe Caelius Lupin pulled a tin-foil-wrapped parcel which he placed on the teak table and over which he cast his wand. "Quiche today," he explained, gesturing towards the steam-enrobed silver object. "And some lemon-and-lime pop." "Thank you," replied Septimus gratefully, taking the can from Caelius and within seconds he was downing the cheese and onion pastie as his uncle sat next to him. "How has your day been so far? Any visitors?" Septimus shook his head, nodding towards the grate. "I think there might have been a message so I let the floo network have it." "Good lad," replied Caelius. "I'll check that later." The conversation died away to nothing. Only the sound of the foil on Septimus's knee made a sound, crunching as the boy sought the last few morsels of left-over quiche. After a few moments, once Septimus had leaned over and put his hand over his uncle's, which still contained his wand (Caelius let Septimus hold it as he levitated the foil into the kitchen bin like a father allowing a child to sit on their lap and hold the steering wheel of a car and pretend they were driving) Caelius leaned back on the brown textured settee. "Have you considered what I said to you last night, Septimus?" He waited for his nephew to turn and look at him. "Uncle Kay," Septimus began but Caelius Lupin put his finger to his mouth, his moustache resting momentarily on its tip. "Before answering, I wanted you to know that your father, and your mother too, always wanted you to have a choice. Your father and I, and all of the people of our age never got the opportunity to choose. But this is a new world, one which your mother, the Reciprocators, the Headmaster of Hedgewards, the Ministry and Miss Penwright too helped to create." Silence. Septimus felt it was necessary to at least honour the information his uncle was imparting to him even though he already knew about it. He knew about other things too, things which he knew would upset his uncle if he were to talk about them to Uncle Kay, relevant as they might be to his mother's disappearance and his father's illness. "So Septimus," continued Caelius and Septimus got the clear impression that silence had reigned a little too long and his uncle suspected he wasn't concentrating. "Do you wish to develop your magical abilities?" "Yes, Uncle Kay. But I don't want to go to Hedgewards." Caelius nodded, and then frowned towards his nephew. "I'll give you a little longer, and perhaps I speak to the Headmaster at Hedgewards and ask him whether you can have a look round in the holidays when it's quiet." Caelius got to his feet and began to stride purposefully towards the door through which he had come fifteen minutes before and turned, taking in Septimus's worried expression. "Don't worry. It is early days…you've only just started your summer holidays. I only ask because these things take time to organise." Septimus returned his uncle's addendum with an open mouth before sighing deeply. "Are you saying that mum won't be found and dad won't be well before I have to go to school?" 88888888 This time the parcel arrived with a forceful knock on the door. Had it been three o'clock in the afternoon Harry might well have thought ill of the postal service that the mail had come so late. Funnily enough the contrary thought did not cross his mind as he stumbled out of bed, Hermione snoring gently beside him, curling her slender hands around his pillow in her sleep as he moved: no benevolent feelings for such a promptness of service that mail had arrived at three in the morning. Harry tried not to fall down the stairs as he descended them, holding onto the handrail every so often as the realisation of gravity and the necessity to step carefully permeated his still half-awake brain. Yawning widely Harry put his hand on the latch, turned the lock, withdrew his hand, reached for the set of keys which lay on the ancient telephone table adjacent the door, fumbled for the front door key, forced it into the lock, turned it and opened the door. The coldness of the clear night air hit his face unexpectedly and Harry inhaled, the coolness causing him to come to much quicker. He looked down and at the brown-papered, string-bound parcel on the doorstep. Harry rubbed his eyes and stretched before bending down and scooping it up. He blinked at the name on the front – his name – and turned to the back. No sender's address, as per the last couple of parcels. Mrs Lupin again? Why would she be delivering parcels to people in the middle of the night? Come to think of it, didn't he recall that she was not even in Britain at the moment. Harry stepped back inside and closed the door, locking up and throwing the keys onto the low table. He was far too tired to read it now, more intrigue and mystery again, intriguing though it was likely to be. Making his way into the living room he put the parcel down onto the octagonal mahogany-veneered coffee table before turning in the darkness and making his way back to the stairs again. "Take the trouble to read it, you fool!" Down the road, but near enough to still be able to see Harry's house the courier watched the house. Then the living room light illuminated the becurtained window as the fool cast off his mantle and was now, presumably, investigating the parcel. It had occurred to Harry that the writing was not the same as the other two parcels. This fact had struck him as he had made his first weary step onto the staircase. That, and the fact it had been hand-delivered rather than posted made it different too. Ten minutes later, with Hermione blissfully unaware in her peaceful slumber that Harry's mind was now not only well awake but was being astonished, flabbergasted, dumbfounded, taken aback by what he was reading, the accompanying letter, and that before he had opened the parcel the whole world was simple and now it was suddenly very complicated, the courier turned, knowing that Harry must be reading it. It was a weighty tome, and had the potential to confuse…would it occur to Harry Potter to what was necessary…? To take the first step? He knew that he had begun it. He had not delivered it to Harry Potter, unreadable as it was at present due to the absence of words on its pages, in order to confuse. But had he not done so the ball would not have begun rolling, the events would not tumble and spiral. Cecilia would not be found… He held her image in his mind for a moment before allowing it to fade away. Severus Snape disappeared into the darkness.
"It's flat, it's dull It's Kingston-upon-Hull K-ing-ston, K-ing-ston!" The chant echoed from the stands where the opposition's fans had managed, for once to unite the rhythm of the taunt, its words audible and stinging. Nudging his friend Arthur Thwaite pointed to the scrum half, who had dropped the ball and had allowed the Castleford Tigers' centre-forward to wrestle it to his team. To say that it had gone badly for the Robins was an understatement. They were already near the bottom of the league table and their reputation as a professional team was slipping fast. Heading for division one, the up-and-coming young Tigers team would be more than happy to take their place in the Super League and the old stalwarts of the game would have to face the humiliation of defeat, something which had not happened in a long time. "They're for it!" replied Dan Newgate, shaking his head. "We've not been whipped this badly since the fifties!" He glanced at the scoreboard. It was unbelievable that the Robins had scored only a try that game, the speedy winger had grounded the ball within minutes of the game beginning. But after that it was as if the whole team had been running around in treacle, ungainly and clumsily, missing easy opportunities and simple pass-and-runs. Another chorus of "K-ing-ston!" erupted from the Craven Park stands as the Tigers' centre half had, along with a stand-off, neatly headed off Hull's number 5 winger and had passed it to a fronter who had, unusually, taken the opportunity for a kick at the goal. Over the centre bar it had flown and now, at half-time, the likelihood of Hull even equalling the Tigers' impressive 3 to 28. "Come on," Daniel continued as Arthur nursed his head on his friend's shoulder. "A pint'll sort us out. It can't do any harm, at least," he added as the teams filed off the pitch. Arthur shook his head and stared at the Tigers' fans, hugging and cheering as they, too, were heading for the bar. A pint'd be good, a good, Yorkshire pint. He looked at Daniel. "What're they doing out there?" he asked as they descended the steps. "They're being slaughtered by some soft Lancashire wusses!" "Come on," said Daniel, ushering his friend towards the bar where he swiftly ordered two pints of lager. It was no time to point out to his friend that Castleford was their side of the Pennines, in Yorkshire too. "It might get better second half," he said encouragingly, placing the drink beside his friend. "They've had a good go at us, true," he conceded as Arthur gave him a disbelieving look, "but, you never know what could happen." "You might be right," sighed Arthur, sounding unconvinced and defeated, holding the glass and sipping the lager as if it was the last honest thing in the world. "'appen were right about this pint." 88888888 A log cabin nestling on a craggy outcrop in the wilds of Switzerland. There was a reason that the country was independent of foreign influences, had a variety of languages, its own currency and manner of doing things and none of these had much to do with wealth, climate or history. At the present moment, the cabin was surrounded by snow, thick and deep on the Alpine slopes. It could have been the altitude, low pressure and unusual El Nino activity in the Atlantic which had caused three feet of it but it wasn't. Gellert Grindelwald just liked snow and felt that its location called for permanent winter-like conditions even in the height of summer. He looked down, deep down, between the gneiss extrusions, Cuneformic in their angularity and mused at the contrast. Below, Zermatt bustled with the usual crowds of tourists snapping pictures, buying souvenirs, puzzling over the Swiss Franc-Euro exchange rate. Below was the heat of summer. Here, winter pervaded over the landscape within his desire. Grindelwald looked over his shoulder. Classically, as any wizard's abode should be, the footprint of the tiny cabin belied its vast interior. How could it not? He and Albus Dumbledore, lovers though they were, needed enough space to be, to just exist. And then, of course, there was Albus's vast collection of books, a quantity to rival that of Durmstrang's own library, or even every library on the planet combined. How ever he found anything in the piles of parchment, books, old furniture and so on amazed even Dumbledore himself. In contrast, Grindelwald preferred cool simplicity, openness, vastness and space. Perhaps it was his upbringing. The wilderness of the Norwegian plains he had grown tired of in his youth now had a familiar and nostalgic appeal, as did the Northern Lights. Grindelwald had desisted their recreation however, as it had attracted the attention of non-wizard UFO hunters – despite his whims and fancies Grindelwald knew he had to be careful if their extensive planning for their cause was to come to fruition. He was alone, for the moment. Dumbledore had been in the Black Forest for several days and it had been going well. The vampire-breeders had expanded, heading for Britain's former colonies, South America and Asia. They knew that they would get a receptive audience amongst both enthusiasts and those of magical intent, especially those of a maligned nature and those who didn't give two hoots about international law. Successes, of a sort, in many European countries were also taking seed. It had been Albus's idea of using the current law, both European Union and that of particular countries to force through the idea of conjurism. For how could any nation that considered itself civil and noble, who fought, and had fought, to defend freedom, both physically and morally, deny wizards their will to their heritage? Grindelwald smoothed back his long, white hair. Once it had been yellow-blonde, and he had stood on this very rock as the wind tousled it as he savoured the air and felt the power of the earth. This time, he was the power. The power to change minds, to change lives, the lives of wizards and there would be a new social stratification where those with magic would be well and truly at the top. Albus had been instrumental in many of the schemes so far, operating key factors with dexterity and sophistication. Without him, Grindelwald had to concede, they would not be as far as they were. And it had helped that his interfering, do-gooding brother Aberforth had come to an untimely death – untimely because it was, in his opinion, far too late. Albus had been quick to point out to his lover where he had excelled. But it had been he, Gellert Grindelwald, who had the ace, who had the card which trumped any that Albus had. He would triumph, over Albus, over non-wizards, over the world. The whole world would know his name and would bow in supplication, trembling and quaking in awe. Albus did not know it but there was one more wizard, truly powerful, who would be the linchpin holding it all together. He thrust his arms overhead into the flurries of snow at the thought. His winning card, that which beat any other, lay…below. The beast would give them what they wanted, in time. Especially when others delivered when he came to collect. 88888888 "It's flat, it's dull It's Kingston-upon-Hull K-ing-ston, K-ing-ston!" How hollow those words were now as the gold-and-black clothed Tigers walked off the pitch, shaking their heads, clapping one another on the back in commiseration and generally looked rightly annoyed and disappointed at the turn of events. From the stands the echo of the chant towards the home team rang out, silently, ironically and, during most of the second half of the game little taunting of the Castleford's ill-luck had been meted out by the Robins' fans, mainly because the Tigers team was relatively new to the game and no-one had bothered trying to come up with a put-down for Castleford, Tigers or Wakefield. In short, Hull had made a comeback, winning the game by 32 points to 29. How they had managed it was anyone's guess but it was a glorious thing to behold and, as Arthur pointed out, they would not have the ignominy of relegation next season. The two friends had decided to go for a drink along the Beverley Road, just over the river to the west and near the city. It was a night for celebration and the news seemed to have spread: as they exited the stadium onto the Preston Road a crowd of locals were cheering almost as loudly as the fans in the stands had been half an hour before. Arthur noticed a couple of people he recognised and high-fived them as they went by. "Brilliant!" he exclaimed to Daniel for the fiftieth time that evening. "What a result!" "You'd never have predicted it, though," agreed his friend as the cool summer air whirled around them in the fading darkness. Others surged behind them. It was going to be one good night of celebration. "I've texted Stuart," continued Dan as their path took them along the banks of the river to the footbridge which would take them to the Queensferry. "Him, Bozzer and Terry said they'd meet us in the "Oranges"." "Great," nodded Arthur as they pressed on towards the better drinking establishments the old city had to offer. Being the summer too, with few university students would be around and they would be able to celebrate their emphatic victory. Perhaps then would have been the moment that the two friends should have decided to take the better lit main road a route which, though longer, might have, in hindsight, been marginally safer. Ahead of them, as the Ferensway road lights glimmered the thought of an evening of celebratory drinking and jocularity distracted both of them until a roar and scream behind them on the riverbank brought both young men back into the cold reality of now. "What was that?" whispered Arthur urgently. "Dunno!" Dan put his hand on the back of the seemingly-frozen Arthur and pushed him in the opposite direction. "Come on!" Footsteps in the bare gloom echoed along the river's rough, overgrown cobbles and voices, possibly from five or six people, pierced the air. "We know you did it!" "Never!" "Saw your lips moving, so we did." "Get back to yer coach, it'll be leaving for Nowheresville in a few minutes, you Burberry-making chavs!" A thump, possibly from a fist in the ribs, then a groan from the unfortunate individual seemed to indicate that their last sentence wasn't well received. "And you scumbags say that to us? Hull's falling into the sea, you've no industry! You've – " "Shut up Dave, and let me handle this." A pause and, from their hiding place on the other side of the deteriorating iron bridge Arthur could not only hear his heart hammering in his chest but also Dan's. He could feel his friend shaking too as a glint of metal in the moonlight indicated a knife was being wielded. "You know, we had money on that game," continued the voice who had rebuked "Dave", his voice slow and staccatoed as if talking to an imbecile. "How – are – we – supposed to collect it, now you interfered?" It wasn't supposed to be like this, thought Arthur as he guiltily thought of his hand in the turn of events. Besides, this was Rugby! Rugby fans didn't behave like rabid gorillas – if you wanted mad brainless rage it was football you were looking for. "It wasn't me!" It wasn't him, thought Arthur. And besides, it was only a game! "Stop it!" Another voice rang out in the darkness, possibly that of a woman. "What're we going to do, Arthur?" Dan's voice was urgent. "We can't just leave them to fight it out!" without waiting for a reply from his friend Dan had taken out his mobile phone and was on the second nine before his friend dashed it from his hand. Arthur felt the indignant question beam out from his friend's eyes in the darkness. "No. There's a wizard out there. Auld Magic. They'll be able to tell we're here." "I'm warning you," said the possible-woman. "Put it down, or you'll regret it." "Old Magic?" "Mum taught me," said Arthur hastily. "She told me, anyway." He rarely did magic. Sometimes at work (he was a dock worker like his father) he'd used it to skive off a few of the more boring jobs, but only if he thought he wouldn't get caught. Dan didn't know, but he'd helped him out too – the night when he was behind with the riveting suffering as he had been with the effects of inebriation and he had controlled a second welder to seal those which were on the opposite side of his panel. Nevertheless Arthur had never much bothered with magic: he'd never much bothered with anything, if truth be told. "Auld. It's untrained magic, it's dangerous. Conjurists use it." He could tell his friend was full of questions but now wasn't the time to answer them. "We've got to get out of here." Another scream. This time, it seemed to be coming from the people who had bet on Castleford to win. Auld Magic. A forbidden curse. Arthur grabbed his friend's shoulder. Then another, and a clatter of what sounded "Down there. Ferensway!" A forbidden curse. Mum had told him about them: three that those with magic must never speak. "Over there!" The voice was that of the first man, who had taunted the Castleford fans about their loss and had protested his magical intervention. Arthur held his breath. Perhaps they'd go away. Silence screamed around them before exploding as a voice from the ground spoke. "Emergency Services, which service do you require?" Damn! Arthur knew what he had to do. All this just from nudging the ball around at a rugby match! Auld Magic. "Go! Now!" He turned to the footsteps which were clattering across the bridge towards them. He was no wizard; he's picked up a couple of things, it was true. But what other choice did they have? Arthur knew that these people were coming after them because they'd heard what they'd done. Ahead, in the distance, the wail of police sirens. The footsteps stopped on the bridge. He couldn't do it, not least because Arthur wasn't the bravest man in the world, but because he knew it would be long drawn-out suicide. All this, for a game? He tore after his friend in the darkness.
88888888 Above her swirled summer cloud, high and icy still and yet wispy promises of a bright hot day were dotted in the cirrus clouds. A glorious day for those who would take notice and Cecilia Frobisher was in such a mind to enjoy her surroundings for a brief moment. How was it that so many of the momentous days in her life had occurred on bright, warm, sunny days? She had arrived on the doorstep of 12, Grimmauld Place in the middle of the summer and her subsequent re-arrival in this new reality had been similar. She and Remus had assessed the charred ground where 26 Dalton Drive in Edgeford had once been under the hot summer sun of an August midday and had agreed that from the levelled remains of the old house a new one would be suitable for all three of them. And now, today, was another one. She looked down, far down, from the high natural scaffold of the sea-mountain island and wondered whether the weather would hold throughout her journey and continue to enhance her already optimistic, renewed Cecilia. Nearly twelve years had passed since she had been pulled up from behind the veil by Lucius Malfoy, almost twelve years since she had assaulted him, opened her heart to Caelius Lupin who she had mistaken for her Remus, been introduced to Aberforth Dumbledore, met the Reciprocators, adopted Freya and fallen in love with Remus in this world. Twelve years since she had used the idea of a literary purge of her soul suggested to her by Aberforth to put the, well, not the past, but the other place, behind her. This world was a new start. It was, Cecilia had found, was familiar but with almost deliberate mistakes. She had met several wizards and witches through the Reciprocators but had had to correct her thinking on many occasions where her assumptions had got her into mildly difficult situations. History wasn't quite the same here, not in many significant ways, but different enough for Cecilia to notice the presence or, more embarrassingly, the absence of people, both magical and non-magical. She had taken up Aberforth's offer of teaching science at Hedgewards and, with Severus Snape, had worked on the scientific aspects of the Universal Link, something well-known by wizards here and which was slowly infiltrating its way into non-wizard social and academic cultures. It had taken time but now it was common for newspapers and magazines to run articles where the explanation for such a link, between energy and light and magic, was mentioned briefly and assumed, like DNA fingerprinting, to be self-explanatory. So Cecilia, even when she had been her lowest, had counted her blessings. She was living in the equivalent of her old house, the address being the same but the structure and layout, being decided by them both, very different to the one she had shared with Tim Frobisher. That was a small difference but other, fundamental differences had contributed to more than a few difficulties for Cecilia. Remus, for example. Here, in this place, Remus John Lupin, by lucky chance evaded the werewolf bite for Fenrir Greyback's unfortunate victim had been his unfortunate brother Caelius, who had received it however, for the same reason as had happened to Remus in the other world. In the pay of dark wizards Greyback was searching for Mysterious Mythology and had become frenetic when Caelius had attempted to prevent it being taken. As such, Remus's personality here was far more extroverted than Cecilia had known. Erudite, clever, confident and forthright were adjectives more associated with Remus Lupin now, not the slightly introverted diffidence which had been Remus Lupin before, recipient of the werewolf's bite. But more than that. On nights when she would lie awake, thinking about the other place she had struggled to remember her Remus, the version of the man whom she had loved first. There were times when Cecilia had almost forgotten the Remus she had once known and now, like a misty shadow, that old image was hard to hold onto in her mind. Remus had been happy to adopt Freya, not officially at least, but to them both she was as good as their own. Here Freya had been rescued the night that Cecilia had been taken from the Department of Mysteries in the Combined Government to 12, Grimmauld Place by Sirius Black after a Reciprocator call-out where both her ministry-employed non-wizard parents Libby and Derek had endured fatal accidents. Freya had taken to Cecilia and Remus, regularly questioning the cause and circumstances of parents' death something, about which Cecilia knew very little, but she seemed contented, in general, to be living with them. Her black kitten, Tippex, was her best friend and he was often seen following her to her primary school in Edgeford, or to the treehouse in the Lupins' garden where she often hid away with her Enid Blyton books. It had helped, Cecilia thought, that Septimus was born soon afterwards. Freya had bonded with their son immediately and could be no more of a devoted sibling had she been related to them all genetically. A rosy, comfortable, contented life. And then it happened. Not all at once but, as these things often do, by small, imperceptible increments which, on their own, look like nothing more than short-term improvements. A call to increase more wizard-nonwizard integration, more shared facilities, common school teachings. While Freya was still at primary school wizards and non-wizards were taught about magical history and shown what it was like to be a wizard and similarly the alternative history for non-wizards. It had been that, Cecilia had thought, looking back over recent history when she had been at her lowest, that which been the start for Freya. She was a non-wizard like her parents but, like her parents, had a fascination for all things magical. They had volunteered before Cecilia's coming to this world as part of a group of people organised by the ministry to work in non-wizard communities to promote magic. They aimed to make people feel it was something to embrace rather than fear. N.W.R.s they were called, or Newers. Non-Wizard Reciprocators. And, on the face of it, there was nothing whatsoever wrong with this, in fact, with the mood of the country one of open-ness and tolerance, it was seen as a really good thing to do. Though few in number the Newers, buoyed by personal enthusiasm, really did help open up sections of non-wizard society to the fact that wizards were just like them, really. The descending path on which Cecilia was treading wove between rugged vertical cliffs. The summer, often absent even in August in this part of the world, brought with it sharp, cold bites of air despite the early morning sunshine and Cecilia pulled her jacket closer as she concentrated carefully on her step. She had brought nothing with her to this place except for a few personal belongings and her picture of Septimus. Septimus. Here, he was the single most important thing in her life. When little Tim was born, the uneasy feeling of fitting into a new world was crushed for she ha a beautiful baby boy on her hands. His dark hair gave way to bright blonde locks as his first year passed, he had Cecilia's oval-shaped face and his pale eyes sparkled like gemstones, alive with interest in the world. She took time away from Hedgewards, returning when Septimus was four and Remus took a part-time job with the ministry so as to take care of him. Again, nothing wrong with this save the whisper of agony on her stomach when she was parted from him. The thought was always worse than the actual going: Septimus knew that his mum worked at Hedgewards and where she was but deep down Cecilia longed to be with him. The longing of missing her son growing up day by day stung as she looked down at the grass-strewn steps, thin and patchy hiding treacherous mud. One false step and Cecilia would be a goner. Below her in the harbour a lone ship swayed, its sails being let out in readiness for impending departure. Cecilia hastened her step, chancing her luck. She must be on it before the early dawn mist was driven from around the island. As well as his father and his sister Septimus was close to his uncle too. Uncle Kay, Caelius, was an Unspeakable in the Department of Mysteries, a relatively prestigious role considering his lycanthropy. It had been Remus, his younger-by-four-years brother who had gone to Aberforth Dumbledore at Hedgewards and asked for his brother to be accepted. Remus had been just twelve when he had gone to the school's headmaster and he had taken with him Severus Snape whom he had approached beforehand and who had agreed with confidence to manufacture a cure. For that was what else was different here. All the scientific developments over the last three hundred years had occurred in both wizard and non-wizard sections of society and had hastened the discovery, refinement and application of magical spells and potions. What was well-known in wizard lore, such as the repulsion of werewolves using silver, was borne out by scientific explanation and using science therefore, potions could be refined and improved. It was for such unparalleled genius that Severus Snape in this world stood tall. He had spent his school years in potions development and had continued with this area of research when he became professor of the subject at just eighteen. In this world magical institutions, as non-magical ones, were expected to undertake research and this was an obvious choice for Severus Snape. His fame was known the world over but to him he never saw it as anything other than being him. Perhaps he was destined to form a close relationship with Tabitha Penwright, who attended Hedgewards on paper but spent most of her teenage years in the Department of Mysteries, most specifically behind the Veil, a place she felt more at home in than her own, not least because she was the only person in this new world who could traverse it and the second only to come back. Cecilia Frobisher, now Lupin, could surely be forgiven for drawing comparisons and contrasts between peope she knew in the world prior to her changing the past – perhaps it was even understandable. A psychiatrist might even have called it necessary. But she had not banked on her adopted daughter's unruly behaviour, nor the teenage Freya's emotions. It had been the results of her naïve foolishness that, following Aberforth's death, had caused Cecilia to think dreadful things of her only trusted confidante, one of which being: if only he hadn't positively encouraged her to write "The Story that Never Was." For she surely would have not poured her heart into further writings, personal journal entries which had helped her live comfortably and which the girl, in her anger at Cecilia, which she had used against her. It had been her research journals which Freya had read out before the Reciprocators. More than just a written record of facts and conclusions they had become, three or four years before, a vessel, a shoulder. Cecilia had taken out her ire about all of them… A cool breeze whipped around the gneiss out-juttings and she looked towards it, blinking at its iciness before taking a few more steps down towards the water edge. It wouldn't be long before the Northern school dissolved from view and into invisibility as she stepped aboard the readied ship. When Freya, who had been masquerading as a student at Hedgewards, was finally discovered, Cecilia had chided her and she had taken it personally. Perhaps she had not been there for the girl, who had spent a lot of time at 12 Grimmauld Place with Remus, as had Septimus. Freya had bonded firmly with Tonks too and looked upon her as an older sister. As such, Cecilia had concluded, she had not taken kindly to the reprimand from her absent, adopted mother. The feeling that Cecilia had spent too long away seemed to be one silently agreed and concluded by the Reciprocators that particular summer. Aberforth had died just as the term at Hedgewards had ended and everything seemed flat and dull and lifeless. Freya must have been planning her revenge for several days, if not weeks, and had chosen Aberforth's funeral-wake to read out her Cecilia's journals in their crude, uninhibited, horrifying frankness. It had taken Remus to lead Freya away, not before the girl had narrated a good section of it, looking at each victim with a raised eyebrow and malicious smile and Cecilia had not only wished she could have fallen through the floor but though the wall into either 10 or 14 Grimmauld Place. Her hypothesis on commonality, Reciprocator-concealed and divisive, had been bad enough. She had been planning to share it of course, but tactfully and discreetly, not disordered, like her notes had been. But she had argued with Henrietta when the witch had torn into her for her caustic views causing Cecilia, to reply with equal acerbicity about her treatment, her demotion and dismissal from Hedgewards, her exclusion from them socially and increasing isolation by their faction-like manner. If she was honest, Cecilia would have admitted that something had been going wrong six months before Aberforth's death. She had been increasingly dreaming about the old world and had been dreading the break that Christmas which would have taken her back to Dalton Drive, her life with Remus, who she sensed had been becoming more distant and to the increasingly turbulent Freya. Cecilia knew that, deep down, her husband did resent being the one at home with the children and, after having gone to seek counsel from Snape had voiced aloud her devotion to Septimus and this had persuaded her to return. That and her pathetic attempt at seduction. All credit she had given to Snape for rebutting her so kindly, for not mentioning it again and for continuing with their professional life as if nothing had happened. The sands below were grey-green with rocks interspersed with the sediment. Another thirty or so feet and she would be down there, with the sharp igneous outcrops under her feet. She replayed her thoughts both of her darkest day at Grimmauld Place and her memories of writing her pretentious account blending into vision. She had spoken of Harry, and Hermione and Ron too, wondering if the match between the former two was advisable when Ron and Hermione had been so well suited. How different Harry was, but how grateful she was that Septimus was such good friends with Sam, who reminded her more of how the Harry she knew… …how the wizards and witches who had been Death Eaters were quirky individuals but whose characters were flawed in such a way that they could be tempted into bigotry just as easily... …how she and Remus had been arguing more and more as the years had gone on, and whether they would be any different, or better, had he been the victim of Greyback rather than Caelius, a typical politician who did nothing to dispel the loathsomeness which surrounds those in power… …how Sirius was a weak, vain snob of a man who did little for the Reciprocators but took all the credit… …how Snape in old world could have been like Snape in this but for the the things he had gone through, how James was cute, how Lily was a bit of a bossy madam and Henrietta was devious, manipulative player of people… …how, when she felt so awful, after a week of relentless lessons, research tasks and meetings, if only she could go back to the other place, just to see them, to see her Remus… …and if that she could get the potion made here and tested by Harry here, then the discrepancy in the old world could be accounted for and Harry would defeat Voldemort… …how her guilt was sometimes all-consuming: she had married for love and had promised to respect, honour and cherish Remus John Lupin and bring up Freya as best as she could… …how her hopes for Septimus were that he had a happy life, and that she had done little to help her son so far… …how, if only, she had gone with her instinct when she had first arrived and never set foot in Hedgewards, had kept Septimus close, been a proper mother to him and Freya and had had the confidence to stand up to Caelius, to Severus and, probably, to Aberforth… …how that life might have been so much better had she not assumed, in her haste, that the people here were as the old world, personalities and circumstances aside… She was as much to blame for everything she had thrown around in her journals as they were, for her own short-sightedness and fraught naivety. But the damage had been done: Remus had been embarrassed, that she knew and, after her verbal altercation with Henrietta Edwards she had left by the front door. Caelius had gone after her, had told her she was no longer needed at Hedgewards and must go to Durmstrang and, after insisting on confirmation of her dispensability from Severus which he had given to her right there outside Number 12, Caelius had then added that her job was to spy or would she would betaken in by ministry and imprisoned. Her last thoughts as they had departed London there and then by broom were of Septimus. He was her rock, for who Cecilia lived. She had been glad he hadn't been at Aberforth's wake and, after she had reluctantly taken up her pre-arranged research work, a cover for spying on Durmstrang's staff's research, had also been glad that Caelius offered her a purpose. Cecilia hated that about Caelius – his skill at delivering bad news as if it were anything but was refined to a point of giftedness and she knew that Uncle Kay adored Septimus. She hadn't been surprised when Septimus had written to tell her that he and Remus had moved into the Lupin cottage with Caelius, how he had begun to attend a primary school in Borrowdale which was "small, but okay", which his mother would have approved of because it was "full of books" and how Freya had gone to live with Tonks and Nick. Letters had kept her going and she had written happily about her day-to-day life at Durmstrang, the tone of which becoming vaguer and more off-hand as her mood had grown darker and more morose. Severus Snape had been her other epistle-exchanger but, as the months had worn on his letters had become increasingly more infrequent. And then, she had done what she had later considered to be the one single act which had sealed her isolation. She had asked Snape to make Harry's potion. Cecilia's left foot struck a hard obstacle and she realised she had got to the bottom. The here-and-now burst into her consciousness as she looked around her at the wide open expanse of ocean, so far north that it was now not the North Sea but the Atlantic. The magical ship which was the only way to leave Durmstrang Institute bobbed ominously bfore her. It was perhaps inevitable that Snape wouldn't reply. Were the roles have been reversed it is very likely that Cecilia would have considered herself deluded and crazy. It had been Ragnhild Andersson, with whom she worked on a daily basis, who had met her as Cecilia had made her way towards the ground floor exit and the murderous sheer cliffs which were no more than ten steps from the thick, oak door. It had been another turning point and, as she had gone straight back to her room, swallowed her pride and reasoned that she so little left to lose that her pride thrown back in her face by Sirius Black would be just a drop in the ocean, Ragnhild's words asking her whether a person should care more about being right or being happy. She wanted to be happy. And now she would be. That night, only a few days ago, had brought a frank conversation with Sirius, a tearful and gut-wrenching emotional reunion with Remus and a promise to herself that she would never, ever research anything again, that she would be home with her family and do what she wanted, no matter what the ministry cared. The flames licking around her journals, ending the curse of her vitriolic opinions, outrageous conjectures and suppositions about commonality and anything she had uncovered in her biennial tour of duty at the Scandinavian wizard school, cleansed her. She had put the past behind her, both pasts, and closed her mind to the future, refusing to make any assumptions about what may come to pass in her life. Cecilia moved onto the small, wooden, saline-bleached wharf she looked at the sea, to the West, where her family was. Durmstrang above was behind her too. If she looked up now Cecilia would, as she crossed the edgestones, indefinable amongst the rubble on the shore, see the school become invisible and hidden. Once, she had clung onto it, hoping for her research to be her salvation and blending in with the single-minded, neurotic staff as if she were a witch herself. But she had dared herself to want happiness again, to want her family Remus and her beloved son Septimus. She had reconnected with her husband and they had vowed to make it work. She was renewed. She was going home. It was only when the crewless ship was a few miles out into open water that Cecilia gave in to her he urge to look back. Durmstrang, the square, fortress-like building which nestled amongst the crags of Drangen was no more. The island was now just another mountain, another pinnacle to scale by peakbaggers the world over.
88888888 Before him just under a score of Reciprocators looked back. His lips and throat, parched from long-forgotten thirst grated as he swallowed, contemplating the difficult course he must navigate that evening. What should have been at the top of his list, namely the Hedgewards inclusion policy and the deaths of the non-wizards in Hull by possible Conjurists, were tucked away in his mind as he considered both his brother and his nephew. "How is Septimus?" The business of the moment, namely the rotas and the increasing number of security shifts to support the Ministry being chaired by James Potter and debated by the members, continued in the background as Lily smiled at him and whispered near his ear. "He seems to be coping, what with the news of his mother," replied Caelius quietly. "I am concerned about him, so quiet that he is. I do think going to Hedgewards will help him." He tried not to catch Lily's eye. A politician he might be but he was no substitute for a father, or a mother come to that. He knew what Lily thought of how he was caring for Septimus, why Sam would now be in their cottage keeping the lad company and why he would be fed the moment he floo'd into Number 12's living room as if he hadn't seen food for a month. Caelius knew too that he was not as comforting a presence as Aberforth; he hadn't the manner, or the connections to Hedgewards. By rights Severus Snape should be standing here with him – Aberforth Dumbledore had chosen two successors, in reality even if it was he, Caelius, who held the secrets of the Reciprocators. Perhaps it would have been better, Caelius mused, if Aberforth had named Snape as his successor – if he had then, at least, Caelius's life would be less chaotic. He could then care for Septimus how he wanted to, rather than how he had to. But Aberforth chose him to carry on and all of them, himself included, had to get on with it. At least he hadn't had to be headmaster too; Severus had that honour and, when it came to professional matters they worked seamlessly together. "…an update from the hospital. Has anyone been to see Remus and Sirius recently?" At the mention of his brother's name, Caelius jerked his head into the present moment. He realised too that the Reciprocators were looking at him: the Potters; Molly and Arthur Weasleys; Bill, Charlie and the twins; Tonks; Alastor Moody, Dilys Crudglington; Arabella Figg; Minerva McGonagall, Benjamin Wergs and Bertie Griffin, Bathsheba Braddle… "I was there this morning," managed Caelius, collecting his thoughts quickly and shooing the horrific image of Remus's still-unhealed neck and throat, ashen skin and lifeless body out of his mind. "There's been little improvement in my brother's improvemrnt – " he inhaled and looked around the group again: so many absent too, " – but Sirius…he is luckier." "Is he conscious, then?" Tonks's voice trilled out in hope. "Sirius is still unconscious," Caelius replied carefully, trying not to make eye contact with anyone for too long, "but he is luckier than Remus." Did they really need clarification when it was him saying it. "We can rely on Severus to work on Remus's condition, though." James's comment fell short of asking the question and his statement was clipped. "He has the reports, he had taken some measurements. St. Mungo's send him daily accounts of his progress." It didn't really answer James's unvoiced question, but that was the reality. "Sirius needs to regain consciousness before he can receive treatment." "Well," growled Moody, "he is nothing if single-minded." "Indeed," replied Caelius, hoping no-one else had any questions on this emotive topic. "We know he has been working on the cure for vampirism for several years and it has proven difficult. We have the reports from the Ministry regarding the attacks in Hull," he pressed on despite sensing that people wanted to ask and talk about their colleagues and friends. The meeting had to be quick on his part in any case even though he was comforted by talking about his brother and would have gladly have talked longer about Remus. "It would appear that two non-wizards were attacked without any evidence of provocation by known Conjurists." "They were winding them up," opposed James evenly. "How often does that happen? Not many people can resist retaliation." There was a pause. James Potter in his youth had been the cause of more fights with non-wizards than all of the rest of the reciprocators present there that evening put together. "All right, all right," James protested a little sheepishly, "I've had my moments." His tried not to look at Lily, over whose fair features the majority of fights had been for he knew that his wife's eyes would be boring into the side of his head. "All I'm saying is that wizards will fight back, and use magic at that. Conjurists…well: from what you've said, Caelius, these particular Conjurists were looking for a fight." "Indeed," confirmed Caelius nodding at James's insightful surmising. "Assault by means of magic is clear in law, as it has been for more than a decade. These wizards are the subject of an investigation by Mr. Malfoy's department and will be arrested." Around Caelius nods of agreement came fervently, "Yet what is not so easily explainable is that the Cruciatus Curse and Avada Kedavra were used on a non-wizard woman walking back from the shops along the Hessle Road, just outside Hull City Centre in broad daylight the same day. You can hardly call that provocation." "It is conjurists in particular, then?" Minerva McGonagall's words were no question despite its intonation. "We've arrested several; many of them said they were provoked," replied Caelius carefully, addressing them all. "However several serious offenders have admitted to instigating several of them in the name of the…purity of magic." "Purity of magic?" Caelius's words were loudly mocked in outrage and disbelief by nearly all of the members before descending into localised chatter. "That is what many believe," continued Caelius, his voice steady, over the diminuendo of infuriation. "Or are being goaded into believing at any rate. Much of this is influence comes from outside the country – " "Bloody instant floo messaging!" responded Benjamin, shaking his head. "It's the pensieves that are the problem!" replied Bathsheba. "The Interflame," added Arabella Figg, shaking her head. "I don't understand none of it. By Merlin, I do not." This time, instead of talking over the chatter Caelius allowed it to die away naturally. "It is their growing communication using pensieves which is the trouble," he continued, beginning to clench his fingers into a ball behind his back. "While we can, theoretically trace the origin of any one message the fact still remains that the original sender can send the message to scores, hundreds, thousands of pensieves within seconds and before we can get to the sender's location the message has been transmitted again and again to users. The message can be stored, retrieved, amended." He looked at the expectant faces around him; clearly the gravity of the situation was lost on many of them. "The fact is the capacity of the Otherworld where these stored memories pass is infinite. It can cope with the pensieves sending memory messages to other pensieves – " "Tabitha again," smiled Lily. " – indeed, indeed," nodded Caelius impatiently. "But it's the mere transmission of such divisive, bigoted messages so quickly, so widely that is of great concern to us." At last, several nods around the room, looks of mutual concern and low whispers. "We cannot hold back on technology, we cannot uninvent it. However, the Conjurists' numbers are growing and their ideas are becoming more widespread, more dangerous. The Ministry has to act…keeping trouble and danger away from ordinary people and try to prevent the outbreak of serious uprising to continue as normal. "Continue as normal?" exclaimed James, aghast. "With Remus and Sirius injured?" Around him, James's sentiment was echoed with nodding heads and "yeahs" and "right" echoing around Grimmauld Place's living room. "I believe the combined government are going to become tougher. Factions of non-wizard ministers are already talking about martial law and I know that, unless our response is swift and efficacious the situation could well become grave, dire – " "It's already grave and dire!" James shook his head and looked down, folding his arms. Lily reached down to hold his hand, her lips pursed so as to keep her silence." " – and we could have civil war on our hands," finished Caelius, trying not to be defensive but failing dismally. " Look, Joseph Black successfully put down similar circumstances by establishing the Reciprocator movement as we all know. We now must – " "What do you suggest we do?" Lily interrupted him and for a moment, Caelius stared at her, wondering whether her question was genuine. He swallowed and his dry throat grated. For what were they to do? Had he been Aberforth he knew that he would have known exactly what to do. Work day and night visiting Conjurists and telling them that magic they recognised and strongly identified with had not been sidelined? Continue blithely on with the integration programme at Hedgewards to further infuriate certain ways of thinking? "We need to visit the covens, talk reasonably," he said firmly. " Allow witches and wizards there to freely express their opinions no matter how shocking. Then we can address – " "But you speak of action!" pleaded James. "You say that the government already proposes force and you want us to be reasonable?" "This is our action," replied Caelius evenly, his brain keeping his politician-cool mind on the track and ignore the little voice of concern nudging him about his brother's plight and the other part which felt like voicing aloud his personal outrage that James had as good as ignored the fact that it was his brother who was so severely ill. "What good would it to be heavy-handed? What good might? Some will listen to reason. Many have been swept along by the newness of the thing and probably don't really want to be there at all. I was originally going to propose that our movement become more public, speak to the Prophet and the non-wizard newspaper articles, magazines and the like, but I am aware that, since these attacks it may prove more fruitful to employ a subtle, more sustained approach." He stopped and allowed silence to descend like a delicate drape around the room giving his audience a chance for the explanation to sink in. "We should vote on it," said James eventually, standing up wearily as he broke the silence. "Before that, we need to hear all the information to make an informed choice." There were murmurings in agreement and Caelius nodded slowly. It wasn't unexpected however he had not banked on the strength of opinion that James had voiced. He knew the wizard had spent a good six hours in St. Mungo's the evening before and Caelius made a mental note to himself to take into account James Potter's forceful feeling. "I propose a tactic of strength, of force against the Conjurists." James's succinct summary on his planned objective for the Reciprocators in the near future was complemented by a look in passing before Caelius's eyes which silently reminded the witches and wizards, on this bright, sunny, pleasant evening that he was as closely involved as anyone with their seriously injured colleagues. "We should support the government in whatever policy it decides," continued James firmly, "and if it is to involve fighting then so be it." And we should turn ourselves into the military wing of the government thought Caelius dully, carrying out their orders. Realising all eyes were on him he replied: "we have always remained independent of political policy however I believe, should you vote for James's proposal, our strategy of might should reflect this independence." Around them, murmurs and whispers from the Reciprocators as they discussed the two contrasting approaches. Many, such as the Weasley clan and Bathsheba, Benjamin and Tonks, clustered together, debating in low tones. Arabella Figg took to pacing around Number 12's living room, an act which might be considered eccentric but, knowing Arabella as they all did, was in keeping with her character. Alastor Moody had taken a few steps into the middle of the circle of chairs, nodding around him and acting as an unofficial overseer of the vote, his arms folded and his bulldog-like features crumpled into a suitable grimace. Caelius watched them all, noting in particular that James had taken a defensive pose, standing as he was with one hand on his hip and the other over the room's large fireplace, Lily talking to him in a hushed voice and placing a comforting hand on his back which every now and then James was shrugging off. At length the Reciprocators returned to their places on their chairs in the circle and, once all had drifted back, Moody glanced between James an Caelius momentarily before beginning to speak. "You heard the gentlemen," he growled. "James proposes action to overcome these Conjurists by force. Caelius – " he nodded towards the Reciprocators' leader and thrust out an arm, "feels that we should pursue a more measured approach and calls for our continued autonomy. Now you must vote." Moody surveyed the room, looking at each witch or wizard momentarily in turn. "James?" Hands raised around the circle. Seven, including Arthur and Molly Weasley, Lily, Tonks and Benjamin Wergs." Caelius watched as James Potter's eyes widened; clearly he was waiting for Moody himself to vote for his proposal. "Seven votes. Caelius?" This time, the votes came slower. Arabella Figg was the first to raise her hand, followed shortly by Bathsheba Braddle. Several others followed suit including, lastly, Alastor Moody himself. "Ten votes. And, due to absence, five abstentions: Snape, McGonagall, Black, Lupin and Lupin. Caelius," Moody concluded, flinging his arm in Caelius's direction. Then the wizard grunted sharply before stepping firmly back to his place. 88888888 In his bedroom, Septimus read through Sam Potter's letter. He was attempting to prepare himself to go to Hedgewards and was supposed to be sorting out his clothing so he knew what Uncle Kay needed to buy for him before he left. It had been his suggestion. Septimus knew Caelius loved him very much but he also knew his uncle was extremely busy and often overlooked those things that he knew that he needed. Pangs of sadness had overcome him that morning as he looked around at his sparse possessions. Very few of his real things had come with him when Uncle Kay had brought him from Edgeford to live with him and Remus in his cottage two years before and when he had suggested to his uncle that they could simply go back to Dalton Drive to collect them Caelius had insisted he would now be very much outgrown of many of the items. It was true, of course. But it hadn't it easier to bear the sadness of his fading hope that he could visit his old house, his real house, and see it one last time. Septimus missed his mum and now that he had decided to actually go to Hedgewards he wished she could be there, with him, choosing things together, packing, discussing things, like they used to. He remembered the times he would sit on his mother's lap listening to stories of science, or rather, of scientists and how they had invented things by hard work and perseverance but also by entire good fortune or, on occasions, sheer stupidity. So he had written to Sam, asking what things he should take to Hedgewards and the younger Potter brother had written back with a list of books and equipment, quills and parchment, cauldron, robes and so on. He had also included a note about non-wizard items that might be needed which, of course, his uncle and Sam's father were in the process of deciding. It had occurred to Septimus that it might be prudent to include some obvious non-wizard things such as biros and a geometry set but he realised that if he packed up his computer or his favourite books there probably wouldn't be much room for his clothes. He looked around his room, at the sparkly halo which was the charm that Caelius had put around the house, the one which transported him directly to him if it was crossed. Septimus smiled. Despite his uncle's obvious lack of parenting skills he knew that Caelius cared about him. Uncle Kay had left some books out for him to read, several of which Sam had mentioned in his letter and three of which Septimus knew were written by the headmaster of Hedgewards. He had met Severus Snape wizard once before, nearly three years ago. It had been the New Year and his mind was thrilled and dazzled with swashbuckling adventure, mystery and heroism. The entre first week of the Christmas holidays he had spent with his nose in one of his Christmas presents and had now read the entire compendium of "Showell Styles' Sea Stories" that his parents had given him. In search of further stories Septimus remembered thinking that the shelves of magical books in Sirius's library may house further adventures, perhaps even ones of the magical persuasion. So, after his parents had settled down that New Years' Eve afternoon and in the middle of their gossiping with several other Reciprocators, the Potters, his uncle Caelius and Mr. Moody, Septimus had looked up the stairs that led to the first floor. Before long, his legs had followed his eyes and he had found himself in a room lined from floor to ceiling with books. He had looked along the titles, gleaming gold in the lamplight. Some volumes puffed out coloured smoke while others howled and groaned. Some begged to be removed from shelves with piteous voices. And then Septimus had come across one with Harry Potter in the title. He knew the name, of course. The Potters' elder son, Septimus knew, was called Harry and he had recently celebrated at Grimmauld Place his promotion as Head Auror into the Department of Wizard Security. Septimus had been about to take the book with him for he had reached out a hand, his fingers closed around the spine with the volume half-off the shelf but then stopped, mid-pull. He didn't so much hear a sound behind him but instead the temperature in the room seemed to have dropped and he had shivered and turned slowly. Before him, motionless, a huge dark figure. The book fell to the floor, perched as it had been between the shelf and Septimus's hand but before he had had a chance to say something, explain, anything, the wizard had taken a step towards him, looming high. "Did your parents never teach you to – never – take – things – that don't belong to you?" As he addressed Septimus the wizard, who Septimus knew to be Severus Snape from a picture over the main fireplace downstairs, took three more purposeful steps in his direction. He stood over the young Lupin. "But you are curious of course. All children are." Septimus remembered half-closing his eyes, waiting for the reprimand that was surely to follow and this comment had taken him by surprise. He had looked at Snape, uncertain as to what would happen next. "What were you doing here?" Snape's original ice-searing tone had returned but Septimus had been caught aback by the momentary glimpse of understanding or, perhaps, a negotiable escape route. "I was being curious, sir," Septimus replied, adding the sir as a form of insurance. Not many people remained hardened when deference was in the offing. "I was wondering if there were any adventure books about wizards? I've finished the one mum and dad bought me for Christmas, you see." A pause had lingered between them as Snape stood over him. His expression had turned to a glower and Septimus had remembered thinking that he would never be naughty for his mum and dad again if only this terrifying wizards would let him go. "Indeed there are," Snape had replied, a rough growl to his voice and, looking up momentarily, he had scanned the shelves. "However you should wait a few years longer before you can really appreciate them. When you are eleven, perhaps." Eleven, Septimius had thought as Snape had escorted him back downstairs and into the living room of Grimmauld Place. His mother had pulled him over to one of the sofas when she realised he and Snape were standing at the bottom of the stairs and Mrs Potter had encouraged Sam to talk to the eight-year-old Septimus. Sam was fourteen. Septimus had remembered thinking all the time Sam had shown him his chocolate frog cards, the new set which included famous non-wizard magicians. Sam was old enough to have the book that Snape had talked about. It wasn't fair! But then, he had told Sam about the books anyway, after they had played a game of Bottom Trumps. Often Septimus had wondered whether the older boy had ever gone up to the library at 12, Grimmauld Place and read the adventure books but he had never thought to have asked Sam. But then, mentioning much about his mother's book and Harry Potter together in the same sentence was quite out of favour, especially at the moment, to say the least. And now here he was, eleven years old now, with the view of Borrowdale graphite mine in the fore-distance, the sides of which Septimus had often scrambled, playing, exploring, digging… …rescuing… Septimus sat down on his bed and looked at the grey-green hill which had been one of the areas he had explored over the last couple of years. Beyond the long since abandoned mine lay his school which he had reluctantly agreed to attend since he had begun to live with his father and Uncle Kay in their family cottage. He couldn't remember how Julian had got himself into trouble last summer but, after an hour of frantic, futile scrambling up the sheer sides of the inner caldera Septimus had begun to panic, wondering how he would ever be able to get out. Shouting for help had done nothing and he knew that neither his uncle or his father would be at home. He didn't want to leave his best mate down there on his own and, by the look on Julian's little round face, neither did his friend. How he had got down there was more a matter of luck, scratches and bruises and, with a good deal of effort and a half-attempt at leviocorpus, which had not worked at the quarry edge, had got Julian back up to the top of the quarry. He had then realised that both he and Julian had realised that Septimus getting down there had merely allowed them to switch places. With supreme effort using his limited, untrained, magical skill Septimus had failed completely to help himself and Julian had raced back home to get a rope and leave a message. It had been Caelius who had got him out in the end, disapparating down with his broomstick and flying both of them back off, quietly and calmly as Julian's mum and dad had taken it in turns to shout at him about how stupid they had both been. It was his Uncle Kay's entirely opposite approach which had struck home with Septimus and he had, when they had got back to the cottage, told his uncle how sorry he was for being silly and also telling him that he wanted to improve his magic. It was true. When he was stuck down there, wondering how in the world he could get out, Septimus had felt a yearning, deep and strong burning in his heart, to learn more magic. So many people around him were good wizards, great wizards. And they could use their skills to help people. He and Julian wouldn't have been in half so much trouble if he had been better at magic. And then it struck him, as he thought of their escapade that sunny, August day. Of course! Hedgewards! That was what Severus Snape had meant! When he was eleven he could go to Hedgewards and learn about magic! They would be exciting books to read. Hedgewards would be exciting, full stop, Septimus reasoned. He only had to listen to Sam, when he regaled them all with stories, or half-stories, of things he had done. Now, non-wizards would be going to the school. He wasn't entirely sure what Caelius meant when he talked about a truly comprehensive system of schooling in Britain but his uncle had explained that it was different to what happened on the Continent where the two magical European schools took only the highest-skilled wizard children. In the school where his mum worked Septimus knew that his uncle was concerned about the previous headmasters of the school, one of which was Aberforth Dumbledore's brother. Long gone that they were their influence was still strong, Caelius had explained several months ago and Septimus had gone to bed that night thinking about his mother and wishing and wishing, until he had fallen asleep, that his mum was safe. He had been glad that Caelius had got hold of her on the Floo network and they had spoken for a short time and, though the connection was quite bad and he couldn't see her face properly, her warm, comforting tones had made him feel much happier. Septimus remembered wondering whether he should write to Professor Snape at Hedgewards to ask whether he could arrange for his mum to go back to work at the school, like he knew she had done before. Snape had been headmaster for two years and his parents had discussed with Septimus which High School he would like to attend. This had caused both his mum and his dad to be annoyed with one another; he could sense the atmosphere when his dad had proclaimed that the only place for him was Hedgewards. His mother had said he wanted him to mix with children of all backgrounds, not just wizards and had told him it was his choice. How he wished he could tell both of his parents that both of their wishes had come true – he could go to Hedgewards to learn magic and be with non-wizard students too, in less than a month's time. Technically, it had been his sister, Freya, who been the first non-wizard to attend Hedgewards. That she had heard how exciting it was at the school had probably been the reason Freya had done what she had to go there hersef. She had told him about the teachers and the ghosts, the lessons and the staircases that moved, the pictures that talked, and the friends she had made. Septimus had often wondered why mum had been so angry with her for wanting to be there but he knew that Freya had done something awful to Mrs Lupin both at the school and at the Reciprocator Headquarters. Had she been Septimus's age she would have been able to go properly herself this year. She wasn't really one for learning, seeming to spend a lot of time being tied up in knots about friends and work and her love life, and so on. When he had managed to get her on the Floo network he had overheard part of a conversation between her and Tonks about her boyfriend, Dudley Black, and her hopes and fears for the future, whether Dudley wanted to make a commitment, whether this was just a fling for him or whether he was more serious. If it had been Septimus and he wanted to know he presumed he would have just asked Dudley but he knew this wasn't how it worked for Freya and he had wondered whether it was because she was a non-wizard or because she was a girl. Getting to his feet, Septimus looked at the pile of things he had assembled and sighed heavily as his thoughts again turned his parents. How e wanted to find his mother and help his father too. Perhaps if he began to learn some proper magic at last, there might be something he could do. 88888888 Cecilia opened her eyes. Above her a cloudless blue sky filled her view. It had been several hours since the magical sailing ship had left the tiny Norwegian island of Drangen and the intensity of sunshine had increased hour by hour resulting in almost the perfect summer's day, heating up her skin and she felt the beginning of sunburn begin to prickle her skin. Cecilia did nothing. After months, years of being holed up in a stone castle where fires were considered luxury and daylight so limited she didn't care. More than that she relished some colour to her skin, even if it was pinky-red lobster-coloured. A slight breeze fluttered the mainsail, causing a tautening of the stays. Though crewless the ship operated in exactly the same manner of an eighteenth century warship and operated as such. It had taken a lot to get the information out of Ragnhild Andersson, the closest person to a friend she had at Durmstrang and, as she had stepped aboard she had done just as she had been told: think about her destination and she would be taken there. Within the day, early evening she estimated, Cecilia would be able to step off the ship and onto the Yorkshire coast. She was fully aware that the Ministry would know she was back in the country and though she didn't trust Caelius she didn't doubt his assertion that she would be imprisoned immediately once they found her. She had made to weave her magic web of deceit all day and all night at Durmstrang: yes, a curse was on her, all right. But she didn't care. The joy of being able to breathe free air in her own country, fresh, illicit air, stolen, in a fashion would be a tumultuous joy. How liberated would she feel then, setting her foot down on her own turf? Who were the ministry to dictate? But then, deep down Cecilia knew that she couldn't be both the whistle-blower for the veil's existence in the Department of Mysteries, a secret that even the Reciprocators, those people she had known for countless years, doubted her word about, and be wandering around like, for want of a better phrase (as she looked down to the large grey guns) a loose cannon. If people she had known for such a long time could abandon her so readily what about a worldful strangers? Especially when the Ministry had so much political influence that she could be branded a dangerous idiot? She would be able to talk to Remus, though. His gemmy bridle glittered so bright in her mind; the memory that had been their reunion, when he had come to her at Durmstrang when she had been at her lowest, and they had made their peace and promised to be each others' other for the rest oft their lives. Whatever he wanted her to do, for the sake of their marriage she would do. No arguments. No conditions. Cecilia wanted her family back and she was going home for that reason alone. Perhaps she shouldn't have burned her research notes that night. It had been the gesture that she knew would be the most symbolic to her and Remus's future. Her genetic connections and assertions to commonality between all people may well have informed Snape's medicinal research or Aberforth's investigations into other worlds, as Remus had gently explained. Cecilia had explained that it had been that such research which had robbed her of years of time away from him and especially Septimus and, the sooner it had gone the better for everyone. She recalled how misguided she had felt, as if that night a sheet had been pulled down which revealed her stupidity, stupidity in trusting the government and not her instincts. Had she a choice Cecilia would have been at home caring for Septimus and Freya. Cecilia was responsible for them both and no-one could doubt her commitment to the welfare and upbringing of both her son and her adopted daughter although she might have been prepared to admit that her mothering approach was slightly on the heavy-handed side, entirely the wrong approach, she now realised, for the volatile Freya. All that was about to change. Under the blazing sun Cecilia recalled how the flames had licked around the pages of her research diary volumes, her last memory before, post-coitially, both Cecilia and her Lancelot, Remus, dozed in her room at Durmstrang. By the morning, nothing but ash remained and. Phoenix-like, her spirit, her life, had been restored. For too long, it had ruled her. But now, Remus's "tirra-lirra" had brought her to her senses and she had left the loom. Had she a mirror in her room, it may well have crack'd from side to side as she looked down upon her Camelot. Camelot, or rather, Scarborough, would be within her sight at the end of the day. Would it be a curse, as it had been for the Lady of Shallot? Cecilia had indeed loosed the ship's anchor and now here she was, lying down flat on its deck as the sky above spread out and ships, boats, cruise-liners, vessels of all shapes and sizes, instinctively avoided the magic-shaped zone which was the ship's hull encompassed, whizzing past her at speed. What would her fate be at the water-side?
88888888 High up, not far from Herzogenhorn, and entirely hidden from view with a multitude of spells two dozen conjurists from all over the Continent, though most from Britain, were sitting, standing, lolling, leaning and generally in poses which indicated to anyone who might have otherwise been able to see them that they were waiting. It was a Sunday morning, early in the month. No tourists or day trippers yet, walking around and avoiding the invisible non-wizard deterrents which gave them the idea that the other side of the mountain would be the best way of reaching the summit. Only the most dedicated of people, whether wizard or non-wizard, would have been up so early. What they were waiting for was of much speculation. Those that knew one another had been chatting about a variety of topics: their next directive from their leader; the spectacular scenery and how a few had been there at sunrise and had seen the brick-red glow of the early sun on the horizon, promising hope and potential. Whether they had bought the latest copy of "Auld Magic" and, while it may not be worth it, the act was to send a message to those wizards who were less committed to wizardry and magic. Several, especially those from Eastern Europe and to whom small talk was as alien as the non-wizards they abhorred, said nothing, sitting silently with their arms folded or pacing around, though not impatiently. For the wizard they were anticipating spoke to them personally, understood them, calmed their woes. He was like a salve to a burn, a soothing, warm bath to aching muscles. He was their embodiment of hope, of what the future might hold should their visions of a world where wizards held their rightful place, over and above non-wizards in a higher social stratum. They didn't have long to wait. Gellert Grindelwald, in a manner of a zephyr, arrived within the group as innocuously as a cloud or mist. Ghost-like. Silent. It was his silky, rich voice his disciples first felt. Amongst them he circulated, nodding approvingly and smiling warmly. The wizards and witches fell quickly from their lounging poses and became alert at once. He was there; he who knew them, knew their desires and fears. They longed for him to speak to them, to enrich them with his understanding, give them their renewed purpose. "My fellows at arms. My friends," Grindelwald began when he had the attention of all. "I am heartened, glad, most happy to see you." His words filtered slowly, like golden syrup, into the minds of his disciples. "You have responded well to the information that I have provided over the Floo Network; some of you were most industrious in your interpretation and have spread the message far and wide." Grindelwald was smiling and many of the conjurists were beginning to smile too. That they had made their way to the meeting point was a feat in itself. High levels of security had been in place, not to mention the covert covering of tracks many of them had undertaken in their personal and professional lives…fake holidays; family illnesses; emergency shopping trips… "May I hear from someone who has organised a coven to discuss our messages?" Grindelwald, his long, thick hair blowing in the breeze, swooped around looking at his disciples in anticipation. One wizard, rather short and rotund stepped forward after a couple of vacuous moments. "Er, I have, sir," he said, clearing his throat as he spoke. Around him those wizards and witches who knew him watched their local leader address those assembled. "Er, that is to say, my coven is 'ere." He arced his arm around, his thick Lancashire accent resonating around them. In the distance "Walmsley, sir," continued the wizard, his face growing redder and visibly sweating. Had he been a non-wizard and around a hundred years ago he would have fitted the role of an Arkwright mill manager to a tee. "Mr Walmsley," oozed Grindelwald, a satisfied expression overcoming his features and swishing elegantly over to the clearly uncomfortable man. "Please relax. We merely wish to here of your successes. You bolster us all with your exploits and inspire others. Do continue." "Well, er, well," said Philip Walmsley, tugging at his over-tight collar, perspiration now beading on his forehead, "first, we…er…" he tailed off and swallowed, clearly very ill at ease. "First, we got together some people, wizards and witches me and the wife knew saw our point of view. I interpreted your message on the Floo Network and told the wife about it – " he swung round to his dyed-yellow haired, wife, similar in stature and demeanour to her husband. "Ooh, yes," she replied shrilly. " 'Brenda,' said 'e," she continued looking around her. " ' Brenda. Look 'ere. The great Grindelwald wishes to share with us his 'umble views.'" "'umble views," echoed Walmsley fervently. "I told our Bren that, if one so great as yourselves says to believe in Auld Magic, and to set our store by it then by Merlin so should we." "We waited for your next message," added Brenda, nodding furiously. "And you told us how to mind our ways. Its not that we don't like non-wizards," she protested shrilly, "some of our closest friends are non-wizards." "But this is about us, all us who are magical," concluded Philip Walmsley, nodding round to those who knew him. "Aye," replied many of them. "Ar." "Its about our rights and traditions, just as you said." He looked back at Grindelwald, his image almost the polar opposite of the erudite, charming, talented wizard, Walmsley's stubby fingers interlinking firmly. "If we don't stand up for ourselves, no-one will. And its not like we're askin' for anything neiver. We just want what is ours, and know that its protected." Another chorus of "Aye"s and "Ar"s followed. "So, you is askin' what we've done for you." Philip Walmsley searched out for the answer to his hidden question on Grindelwald's face and was rewarded by raised eyebrows which was clearly to be interpreted as silent confirmation. "Well, we got together some of the people we know. But we 'aint into goin' out onto the moors – no way, not with my strain to my wand-casting arm. Not that we don't consider findin' somewhere private to be important, as you said," he justified quickly, "its just at our age we appreciate warmth and a hot drink too. We've also been sendin' out pamphlets via owls to our families and friends and followed them up with a phone call, see if they were interested, like." "Indeed," mused Grindelwald fixedly. "And we read out the statements of law to our MMP, out member of magical parliament," added Mrs Walmsley, trying to bolster her husband's unnecessary defence. "We tried to send many messages on the Floo Network, a lot of our messages came back, with lumps of meat attached. We're just not up with the technology. " "Indeed, indeed," smiled Grindelwald, perhaps to stem the flow of verbal diarrhoea coursing out of the mouths of this enthusiastic yet rather dim pair. "It is heartening to know that my advice is being listened with such dedication. Thank you, Mr and Mrs Walmsley. Thank you for your unending loyalty." "Aye," replied Walmsley, stepping back into the circle next to his wife. "A pleasure, sir." "Well, on to the business of our meeting," continued Grindelwald silkily. The wizards and witches dropped silent, waiting expectantly. This was their moment, what they had been waiting for, what they had travelled so many miles to witness. Their ultimate authority in the matters of fundamental wizardry was about to address them personally. "I am sorry that my co-expert, Albus Dumbledore cannot be with us this day but, be assured, his absence is very much to do with our cause. He will shortly be visiting Britain – " at this he looked pointedly over to the Lancashire witches and wizards for whom Walmsley had just spoken, " – so as to lobby the Ministry for Magic over the rights of wizards in statute." "But that is not what you have come so far to talk to me about," he added, narrowing his eyes and smiling warmly. "You wish to know what you yourselves can do for our cause. We will continue with our communications between one another, between coven and coven – do we have representatives from the Southern counties of England…?" A few nervous hands rose up. "…Scotland…?" "Aye!" "…Wales...? …Ireland…?" "Yeah!" yelled Price and Pugh, a lone pair of wizards from Pontypandy in South Wales who had managed to get to the meeting eventually after making a substantial detour that had taken them to Canada, Fiji, New Zealand, the Maldives and Cairo. Next to them a large group of wizards wearing green Ireland Quidditch tops joined in the verbal salute. "…France? Holland? Denmark? Germany? Slovenia? Moldova? Lithuania?" Many hands shot up as Grindelwald mentioned their home countries, accompanied by several "Oui's", "Ja's" and yes's in a variety of European languages. Many of these areas had met with Grindelwald before but this had been the first time that British wizards and witches had been included. "Then we shall continue with the pensieves. The technology has grown enough for connectivity to be effective over the whole of Europe. You can share your thoughts, reassure one another, speak about your actions, discuss strategies amongst yourselves. You will find yourselves most empowered when you can hold your futures in your own hands." He nodded round again. Several of the wizards from various covens nodded towards one another, expressing recognition and confirming their intention of doing just what Grindelwald had suggested. "Yes, Mr. Walmsley?" Grindelwald had noticed the lumbering, fat wizard who had just expressed his and his coven's allegiance to him. "Er, Mr. Grindelwald, sir," he asked uneasily, "about the pensieves…er, I was just wondering, like…" Walmsley put down his hand, seeking reassurance from Grindelwald, and continued, his chins wobbling nervously, "…with the pensieves, isn't there a chance we could be watched? Noticed, like? I mean, me and the wife, we're respectable wizards…if the authorities thought we were stirring up anti-non-wizard feeling…" "Mr Walmsely," Grindelwald replied, his honeyed tones returning, charming the man's ears as he delivered the reassurance the man craved. "The pensieve messages cannot be found unless people want to. That is to say, you can only leave your memories in your pensieve if you want to, and only the people with whom you wish to share your memories can see them, using the code-spells that you set. You yourselves – " he swept around the group again, "have full control of how we, as conjurists, conduct our affairs. You may think as you wish: no law yet exists to police your thoughts! And I should be very shocked to think that a European country would put such legislation in place, considering the human wizarding rights it would infringe." Before him Gellert Grindelwald felt the group relax. The collective mood was that they now had a platform to share their uncertainties and doubts, all without fear of legal retribution. "But what about our planned action in October?" In a thick, mid-European accent a bearded wizard now spoke. Clearly he had met with Grindelwald several times for his words were assertive and determined. "We feel that our governments will arrest us before we have a chance to do what you have co-ordinated. My coven, of Graz, feel very strongly that action must be taken, as you outlined!" "The government of Austria, nor that of Europe, cannot arrest you, detain you or otherwise put obstacles in your way for your beliefs!" Grindlwald laughed, his mirth mocking clearly the Ministries rather than the wizard's question. "Broeck, your commitment is admirable, as is that of your coven. The politicians can do nothing about your feeling, other than belittle your fears. But, of course, they are outmanoeuvred by their own logic." "And, of course, science is on our side. The most stable energy field is that of wizards, purer blood the better for the most delicate spells, as I have explained before. For those spells where the outcome is in the balance pure blood wizards will always have the ability to tip the balance to success merely because of their ability. Even wizards with some powers have a talent for using nature to his benefit. What use is it that non-wizards learn magic? Even with a lifetime of single-minded determination, hard work, toil, they cannot and never can. Even if they are willing to learn, teaching non-wizards about magic is like teaching a pig to play the piano." Laughs flew around the wizards and Grindelwald stood silent momentarily, allowing his analogy to linger momentarily, the desired effect easily achieved if the look on his followers' faces was anything to go by. "Governments," he concluded, "cannot hide away from the truth which is why our demonstration of collective protests, our forthright aggression, will bring home to all wizards what we stand for what we are and that we cannot be sidelined or pushed aside." Around Grindelwald a crescendo of applause, cheers and expressions of exaltation grew until all wizards, even Walmsley and the older wizards and witches, were clapping and hailing the mighty wizard. "So, this purge of non-wizards," continued Broeck, clearly not willing to be sidelined. "What about those of limited magical ability, or those born to wizard families who have no obvious talents?" "We do what we have always done," replied Grindelwald, his voice soft and beguiling. "It makes little sense to educate those wizards in magic, for it will be of little practical use to them. We should be encouraging our government to spend our money not only wisely, in such tough economic times, but also humanely. Bolster the feelings of those wizards, educate them separately so they do not feel overwhelmed or incapable. I am not advocating castigation, Mr. Broeck, far from it. Charity and sympathy should be our watchwords and we should be lobbying our governments for such changes. It is simply cruel to educate wizards with little or no magic in a highly magical environment, reminding them day in and day out of what they're not. And what of non-wizards? No! We are doing them a kindness." Applause now, nodding amongst the wizards. He had them on side. Grindelwald smiled. "Per'aps it is something I can discuss at the next parliamentary sessions." Hilaire Beauchamps, a thin, whiskery wizard who Grindelwald knew to be a prolific member of a northern French coven spoke for them all. "We can all do something in our own countries, we can speak to our Magical Members of Parliament, we can simply talk to one another." "Hear, hear!" "Absolutmont!" "Zeker!" "Stimme! Stimme!" "So, what do we do?" Emboldened now by the general agreement of procedure Walmsley spoke confidently now. "How do we do it?" "Just as Mr Beauchamps suggests," replied Grindelwald. "In your places of work you promote the rights of wizards. Wherever you meet inequality you challenge it. When you meet your friends, when you come across other wizards in public, in your private life…waiting for the Floo, buying a newspaper…" His voice died away as Grindelwald surveyed them all. How willing they were, how keen. It had been far easier than either of them had ever thought. "Which comes to the point of when. Our action must be together, it must be co-ordinated. We begin our purge of all things non-wizard in October. 30th October to be exact." "31st October, you mean," shouted Bathazar Pugh, his Valleys dialect confusing many of the wizards and witches there. "No, Mr. Pugh, 30th October," replied Grindelwald, his words smooth and slick. "And I am pleased that you and Mr. Price made such an effort to reach us. So many wizards in similar circumstances to your own might well have given up long before you did." He looked back at them all, silent that they were again, wrapt in anticipation. "Ah, so!" exclaimed Wolfgang Broeck, thumping the air in realisation. "Of course. Six months before Walpurgisnacht." "Precisely, Mr Broeck, precisely," replied Grindelwald, ignoring for now the confused looks of several nations of wizards. "So, we will begin by the labelling of wizardly objects with the mark, our mark, the conjurists mark." Withdrawing his wand Grindelwald raised it, scoring a capital "C" into the virgin air, with tail of C circled round on itself. To the uninitiated the sign could best be described a little like a cross between a computer "at" symbol and a copyright sign. All wizards knew it. A circle around a circle was one of the oldest symbols of magic, of Auld magic itself, the magic of nature, of trees and plants, the magic where all modern magic springs. In Auld magic an encircled circle represented the whole world, the heavens and earth together. This was the magic that even non-wizards can feel, in the air, in the trees, in the changes of the season or time of the day, just before dawn on a high mountain in midsummer…midnight between Christmas Eve and Christmas Day…these are the times when non-wizards take notice but there are far more "magical" moments to be witnessed if more of them actually bothered to pay attention. And Grindelwald also knew that the symbol represented something more, something which enticed each and every wizard of them back to their origins, back in the dark mists of history and before even then. Even the most liberal wizard knew that the mark represented them, those of magic, even if they did not subscribe openly or even willingly to the conjurists' cause. For the loop surrounding the C left a gap, a small gap. The gap meant the circle was incomplete and it was the business of conjurists to close the gap to purify and prevent contamination of magic by those unworthy enough to be without magic's blessed power. Every wizard understood that, no matter what he protested. The symbol had a second meaning too. It represented magic as it was now being broken, eroded and threatened, by law, by progress, by so-called equality and levelness. Each and every one of the witches and wizards there present instantly felt, deep down, even if they did not know it, a desire to fight, to regain the double circle for all wizard-kind. All present knew what they must do. Spread the symbol far and wide. The hillsides and the towns, the forests, the woodland. All needed to know that conjurists were not going to be put down. "Which brings me to the matter of half-breeds." The glamour of the mark faded in the minds of Grindelwald's followers as the symbol lessened in the air. Beside the wizard a group of half a dozen hitch-hikers, first up the Black Forest's mountain that morning stopped abruptly, and looked ahead, confused. "The anti-non-wizard charms are working then," whispered Mrs Walmsley to her husband, as the early morning sun shone ever brighter. Despite no chance of being overheard the wizards, including Grindelwald himself, fell silent. They watched, some with undisguised mirth, others solemnly and patiently, for the walkers to turn which, after a few moments, they did, clearly confused by the unseen obstacle in their way which was convincing them simultaneously that there would be danger if they proceeded to the top and that they were at the summit already. "We have a duty to these creatures, as magical beings, to offer them sanctuary and shelter, as provided for them in European law. Albus Dumbledore will be making that such lobby to the Combined Government of Great Britain for, in their statutes, harbouring half-breeds is illegal. How can it be that European law is superseded to that of a member state?" He looked accusingly at the British witches and wizards, who looked down guiltily as if each of them individually were responsible. "We must therefore protect our half-breed creatures, so to our magical beasts whose presence in zoos across Europe has become increasingly common. Few zoos know how to best look after these animals and as a result our magical animals are suffering because of the ignorance and arrogance of non-wizards and liberal, do-gooding liberal wizards. "Shame! Shame!" "Our overarching plan is to bring forth the power of a wizard with the potential to be far greater than both Albus and I," revealed Grindewald. "His influence and might will ultimately be our greatest asset when what he has to offer can be brought under our guidance. But this will take time and will require a great deal of strategy and strength, nerve and cunning on both our parts. Some of our work is, shall we say, bordering on the illegal. However both Albus and I will not break the law: we refuse to for the name of conjurism. In the meantime however it is up to you, faithful witches and wizards that you are, to take up the mantle of conjurism and fight for us however and wherever you can!" As the witches and wizards drifted away both Beauchamps and Broeck lingered. They had been two of the first conjurists and were used to Gridelwald's mountaintop meetings. Both were Magical Members of the European Parliament and, as MMEPs were well-placed to offer both insight and assistance to the head of the Conjurist movement. "Gentlemen," began Grindelwald, his tones still treacle-rich and his smile wide. "May I be the first to offer congratulations to you both?" "Danke," replied Broeck, "although I must say it would probably not have been possible without the assistance of your good self." Before the great wizard both politicians felt humbled and inconsequential but neither of them were in the business of showing it. "Herr Broeck, if I may, how fares the long-term education policy of the Institute Durmstrang?" "Gut," replied Wolfgang Broeck. "That is, the entry requirements for the school will remain as they are for the future and it is my belief that they may grow ever tighter to preserve the quality of magical research which happens within its walls. As you said, pure-blooded wizards have talents beyond even the most average wizard and that is a rare thing which should not be squandered." "Indeed." "Parliament agrees with this sentiment," corroborated Beauchamps slickly. "And who would not at least enjoy the journey to the Harz, to the Brocken, to the gateway to Durmstrang?" "You have our reports, Mr. Grindelwald, do you not?" added Broeck quickly. His heart-rate decreased a little as Gellert Grindelwald nodded. "And you have met with Henrietta Edwards too? I did not see her amongst the wizards this morning. Will she be meeting with us now?" "Dear Henrietta has indeed conveyed her sentiments, and regrets her absence," replied Grindelwald, nodding slowly. A small flicker crossed his eye as the Rosstrappe rocks crossed his mind, and below, the Bode Gorge. "She has proved herself most useful." Grindelwald paused, and smiled at both wizards. "It is regretful however, that Miss Edwards will not be joining us." 88888888
"Why didn't you tell me that your accommodation got upgraded when you got promoted, Hermione?" Looking around the large apartment situated in the West of the city Harry's eyes caught the deep, plush settees, large en-suite which took up the entire south-west quarter of the room and the wide-screen television. Hermione however had walked past him heading towards the balcony which overlooked Boulevard Pierre Pfimlin, the main street opposite the squat European Parliament building, flinging open the doors and looking below to canal. "It's all they had. I had to be grateful." "Grateful?" replied Harry, aghast as he opened the door which led onto the bathroom, ogling its luxurious features. "This is fabulous! I can't wait till I floo Ron." Compared to their tiny home furnished with second-hand things this apartment, with its own elf and complimentary food (it told you how good your hair looked before you ate it) Harry considered the place to be the last word in sophistication. Hermione swung round and walked towards Harry who had now closed the door and was heading for the huge bed adjacent the en-suite. "Glad you approve," said Hermione, a little coarseness in her tone. "If I'd had managed to get the promotion sooner we would have been in the Council of Magic apartments. Not that I'm complaining," she added quickly, sensing Harry's fixed hold on her as they hugged. She hated discussing her job with her, more so if he felt she was complaining too much. Hermione's responsibilities now lay with the Magical European Parliament, situated directly below the circular non-wizard building which always looked to Harry as someone had forgotten to finish building the roof. "I mean, I would have liked to have been assigned to Henrietta's department," she added, kissing Harry. "It would have given me more opportunities and a slightly more manageable workload." "But it'd mean you'd have been here more often though," replied Harry, wondering what could have been better than this. "You'd have had to work here all week." "Yes," replied Hermione. "But you could have lived with me and floo'd to London. Lots people do it." "I suppose so," said Harry, looking round them as they made their way over to the settees, circumnavigating the huge pile of luggage that Hermione just had to bring with them. Harry knew better than to ask, hoping he'd be able to find his single change of clothes in amongst everything else. "Why don't you just stay here with me tonight? It is a Sunday after all," he continued as they curled up together, relaxing into the plush fabric as he flicked on the television using the remote control. How like a wand this piece of non-wizard technology, Harry'd always thought. "I could cancel Ron," he added. "Like I said," Hermione replied patiently. "The French interior minister is here tonight and he goes tomorrow. I'll be able to meet with his department this evening and get more information out of him than his PR team tomorrow. It'll save me time, I promise. We can go out to dinner in the Parliament restaurant tomorrow night without me even thinking about work." "I suppose so," nodded Harry, watching the scrolling news Bannerman at the bottom of the screen, not taking in any of the capsulated headlines as he thought back to when Hermione had first explained it to him. She'd explained about the promotion too, and how they might have lived in Strasbourg. Harry had been secretly happy; he liked their home, even if it was small and they couldn't afford everything they wanted. There was something a little suspicious to him about a job that gave you all this, like they owned a little bit of you in part exchange, such as Hermione rushing out to work rather than them stopping in and her working in the morning. But he knew he wouldn't be able to enjoy the live European Quidditch match that evening between England and Finland on such a marvellous television with his best friend if Hermione had just floo'd to Strasbourg in the morning. Sometimes Harry wondered whether he even understood politics at all; his desk job in the Department of Justice just wasn't that intriguing. He liked it that way. "And we can go to the city's museum first," Hermione added. "They've got a large Celtic/Roman exhibition on this week, so I can meet you just after lunch and we can go there." "Cool," nodded Harry. Not much that was academic really interested him as a rule but mention history and, like his mother, Harry was hooked. It was why he had taken the research job in the Ministry in the first place – if there was a law to be looked up, if a precedent was in the balance, Harry trawled the archives and compiled a report. It had been that or the Department of Mysteries and, while development magic did interest him history was his passion. That, and Quidditch. Harry's eyes glanced at the recent local scores – the Sunday matches had been played, including that of the Butterbeer League. He searched for the Godric's Gods…had they won against the Skipton Sprites? He felt Hermione nuzzle a little closer to him. Could his life be more perfect than this? An hour and a half later and Hermione had gone to work. Ten minutes before the start. He'd ordered some food in, a takeaway and a few beers but still no sign of Ron. Had he forgotten? Surely not! It was the quarter finals and if England got through they would be facing Slovenia no less, a team which had got through, against massive odds, beating Sweden. If they could beat them they'd be in the finals in three weeks' time. A crackle in the modern-made-to-look-old fireplace made Harry turn; he'd indulged in the facilities, used the complimentary toiletries in the en-suite (which had informed him that his time playing quidditch for the local pub team had had a positive effect on his physique) and had had a pre-takeaway sandwich brought to the door by the building's elf Mimsy. No-one was standing where he had been expecting his best friend – had he forgotten? Seven minutes till brooms-up. Where was Ron? They'd planned to go out on the town afterwards too, celebrating (hopefully). If he'd been delayed by yet another far-too-young girl he'd be quite cross. Not that it would stop him eyeing up anyone that caught his eye here in France. Five minutes. Harry glanced at the pile of bags which were still lying behind one of the settees – what had Hermione brought with her, more to the point? Trying not to think of the start of what could be a rather historic match he pulled on the handle of one of the larger bags, stopped, rubbed his bicep, then withdrew his wand, levitating it and the smaller one to the window-side of the bed. A cheer erupted from the television and Harry looked up sharply to see the English and Finnish players jogging out onto the huge oval pitch in Berlin where the championship was being held. Abandoning his idea of unpacking for Hermione he sank into the sofa again, looking at the English players. They were decent, the most decent team England had fielded in a long time. Bannermanman…Quatley – he had started in the Gods as a junior player –...a huge wizard called Hieronymus who, defying all reason and logic, was the deftest, nimblest, and most skilful seeker in the world…McGrew and Thales, beaters, their long thick ginger beards the height of tangential entertainment when flying at high speed, seemingly to have a mind of their own... …Harry looked at the clock on the screen and then back over to the fireplace. One minute to go. Where was – "Harry!" Harry swivelled his neck sharply, narrowly avoiding straining a muscle. "Where've you been? Never mind, it's starting!" Harry pulled his friend down next to him as Ron rounded the settee. The players soared high into their starting positions and both wizards inched forward, waiting for the whistle. "You're not interested…? Seriously…? Seriously, seriously?" Passing Ron another Butterbeer from the sideboard and glancing at the takeaway wrappers, Harry began to pace a little before the television screen as he listened to his friend tell him about his latest squeeze. The forty-five minutes prior to this moment had passed in what felt like a second but now that his best friend was talking about how he was interested in this new young lady time seemed to be dragging through an aeon. "I can't say much," conceded Ron, cagily, "the situation is delicate. But Harry," he continued, just as Harry was about to press him, "she's got the most lovely figure – " Harry noticed his friend's eyes glaze over in a way he'd never done before when Ron had been describing a woman, "and a cute smile, and – " " – it's starting again!" interrupted Harry as he glanced at the screen. He flopped down next to Ron, a pile of creepy crisps (a childhood favourite) in hand. As the Finnish team trooped back out, brooms aloft in both hands as they approached the England team Harry also realised he felt grateful. He also hoped, as he watched the referee, an ex-Bulgarian champion and now chairman of FIQUA (the Federation of International Quidditch Association) blow on his whistle, that Ron hadn't got himself mixed up into anything too serious. An hour later and both wizards were tearing around the apartment yelling and thumping one another on their backs. England were through, and a step closer to taking the World Cup. "Oh, bloody hell," puffed Ron at the exertion, "I never thought that was going to happen! The way McGraw clobbered that bludger. Inches! Inches I tell you from Nikulainen," he yelled, reliving the moment as Harry grinned back. "I tell you…and then, B and Q!" "B and Q," repeated Harry, leaning against the back of the sofa as the euphoria ebbed away. B and Q represented Bannerman and Quatley together, the best players England had ever seen. Quatley was the seeker and Bannerman defence. How they co-ordinated their moves so well was anyone's guess but they'd managed it: Bannerman had waited till almost the last moment to deflect the Finnish goal just as Quatley's fingers closed over the wings of the snitch, plucking it from the air as he curved around the pitch at high speed. "I'll never forget that as long as I live," concluded Ron as he leaned next to Harry. "That was really one to see. So," he added, nudging Harry, "are you going to be at the street party they're holding in Oxford Street tomorrow? It's going to be right over the Ministry. Some non-wizards are furious, of course, that Quidditch is getting so much publicity. March it down Diagonalley, one person said, can you imagine?" He shook his head in exasperation. "It's not as if the English football team could do that." "Not fly, no," replied Harry, his mind now on the bags that he had transferred from a pile by the settee next to the bed. "You know what I mean," Ron said sardonically, nudging his friend. "It'll be just below the Department of Justice. I'll floo there at lunchtime," he added. "I'm on leave," replied Harry getting back to his feet. "Do you want the shower first, or second?" Now the excitement of the match was in the recent past now he thought on, to their evening out. Wherever they were to be going it wouldn't be as exciting as in London now, enjoying the quarter final celebrations. "I'm going with Hermione to a museum." "That'll be fun for you," replied Ron sarcastically, answering his friend's question wordlessly as he paced towards the bathroom, and also knowing that any such pursuing of the idea that they should go home to celebrate for the evening would be out of the question now that he had been reminded of Hermione. "So, what's she like, then?" shouted Harry, having given Mimsy the elf their dirty crockery and takeaway wrapper-strewn tray and beginning to navigate around their two weeks' worth of clothing that Hermione had thoughtfully packed for two nights away. "Very clever, knowledgeable." Ron's voice echoed through into the apartment over the spray of the shower. "Not much experience of the world though, but she has this way of talking…she's so full of confidence. There." He poked his head round the door and looked at Harry, knee deep in dresses and trousers in search of something for himself to wear and chucked. "I don't think that blue dress will suit you," he added, "but the pink halterneck will." "Shut up," said Harry, getting up from his crouching position. "Must be in the other bag. I'll have the shower first then find something." He passed by Ron as his friend was beginning to dress. "So she's like Hermione, then?" "Not really. Hermione is more…academically able. She's more…perceptive." "She's a non-wizard, then?" "I didn't say that," replied Ron. "I just said it was delicate. Complicated." "You said that last time when you were seeing Kayleigh. And her brothers came looking for you with cricket bats." "Katie," replied Ron, "and yes, there was a bit of a misunderstanding there. But no…she's… "Younger than you?" Harry called back through the bathroom as he switched in the showe. "Not much. Nineteen." "That's a lot younger, Ron," replied Harry, watching his friend tuck a checked shirt into jeans. "You're twenty eight." "Yes, I suppose so," nodded Ron. Ten minutes later and, as Ron watched the edited highlights of the England-Finland match Harry was again on the hunt for clothing. "Have you seen this?" Pulling out the documents from the bag where he had stashed them before they had left, disguised amongst some of Hermione's work Harry removed the letter and book which had arrived the night before last in the early hours of the morning. The other books, which Hermione had thought she had binned Harry had rescued and were now on the bottom shelf of the book case in the spare room. "Would you read these? They arrived addressed to me two nights ago at home." Harry glanced at the heap of clothes again as his friend narrowed his eyes slightly, wondering why a letter was more important than Harry getting dressed. Ron took the letter though and, with a brief squint, began to read as Harry found a pale lemon cotton shirt and some jeans to wear. "What do you think it means?" asked Ron, having read the letter and looked at the still-blank torn out pages, shifting his weight from foot to foot as he stood at the end of the bed trying to concentrate. "What is all of this?" "Do you remember those books I had that came in the post? We sat at the kitchen table and read them?" He watched as Ron frowned, looked back at the letter and then again at Harry. "If you take what is written here literally, then…" "Why am I still interested?" asked Harry, interrupting Ron's train of thought. "After this came I went back to the original books that had come." "The ones Hermione threw away?" "Yes." Harry looked back to the letter that Ron was still holding. "I retrieved them before dustbin day…look – " Harry pointed to the second paragraph down, " – I can see every piece of logic that says this is a big joke, or sent to the wrong person, or whatever, but – " "…but…?" prompted Ron doubtfully. "It says that only I can reveal what is written. I don't know what those are – " he waved his hand towards the torn blank leaves, " – but those pages were empty just like those when I first looked at them." "And now…?" "Well, before we went, Hermione was packing, so I took a look at them. The first one was "The story that never was," like you know. But on the second there were some words, at the back, the last page, write at the bottom, when everything else is empty. They said 'Help me' Ron," emphasised Harry, looking earnestly at his friend. "What have I got to do with anything?" asked Ron, handing the letter and pages back to Harry. Harry stopped and thought for a moment before comprehension dawned. "No, not 'Help me Ron,'" he continued, laughing momentarily, "just 'Help me'. What if this is to do with Mrs Lupin? I mean, she wrote that book. And it also says in that letter there too that someone was in danger. She's missing, isn't she? We know that much." "So?" "Well, whoever wrote this letter was either stone serious or is playing a very sick joke at my expense." He glanced back at the letter. "If you take this literally…it begs for help on someone's behalf…it says they're in deep trouble. Well, doesn't actually say that, as such…" Harry conceded, taking in Ron's doubtful expression. "But Ron…what if it is true? If I just ignore all of this and someone, perhaps even Mrs Lupin, needs my help? Perhaps I'm the only one who can help!" Harry began to pace as the thoughts which had raced round his mind two nights ago came to the surface. "But who are they? How can I find them and help them?" "How do you know that this so-called person in trouble is not playing an inter-floo game of Cauldrons and Dragons, and this hasn't just appeared at random on your doorstep?" Ron took the documents from Harry, holding them out flat in his left hand. Over the letter and the blank pages Ron swept his now-drawn wand. "No, no evidence of being through the floo network." British Floocom engineer Weasley carried out a few other basic checks before handing it back to Harry before waving his wand once more. "Nothing to do with Fred or George either," he added. Harry looked at him, one eyebrow raised. "I know their code-spell for the entire Wizarding Weasley empire. If it was them it'd have shown up. The history of vibrations are stored in the very atoms." Of course, nodded Harry. Level 1 magic, taught to all within the first term at Hedgewards. "But what if it is to do with Mrs Lupin?" Harry pressed. "Caelius can barely look after himself let alone Septimus. And according to Sam he's terrified." "Seriously?" "A young boy whose father has been ravaged by vampires and whose mother has gone missing? Of course he's scared! Even if Remus suddenly does wake up and returns to full health. Imagine what he could be like! Your dad bitten by a vampire and then you found out your mum, who's been away for such a long time has gone missing. Imagine if it was your parents!" "You've given this a lot of thought," replied Ron, a tone of annoyance and exasperation in his voice. But his tone was honest. From anyone else Harry might have thought his friend was mocking him, but Ron, he knew, did mean it genuinely. "And it says a lot about you that you think someone is in trouble," he continued. "What does Hermione say about all of this?" When Harry said nothing and stowed the letter and pages back between the two documents between which they had earlier been sandwiched, Ron nodded knowingly. "She's got so much on, Ron. I know more than she's telling me, and I know that she wants to do her utmost to impress. I mean – " he waved his arm around the room, " – this is impressive, it's great, but…it's taking up so much of her time. She's at a meeting chaired by Draco Malfoy tonight…" "So," concluded Ron, summing up his friend's discomfort in one syllable and clapping him on the back, "all of this is to do with Hermione spending time with the one wizard in the European Parliament this side of thirty and voted "Sexiest Bum" five times in a row in "Witch Weekly's" annual poll?" "No," said Harry, wondering how his friend would know about "Sexiest Bum." "Ginny," said Ron, answering Harry's silent question. "Look, all of this, it's probably just a joke, someone winding you up on your birthday," said Ron, thinking about the night on the town they were supposed to be enjoying right now. "Forget about it, "Boy Who Lived"". Harry shot him a look, sensitive as he still was by his inclusion in Mrs Lupin's ridiculous book. ""Chosen One" then, if you prefer," continued Ron, cheekily. "You Know Who isn't here, remember, your parents are very much alive and Mrs Lupin is still very much working for the Caelius, so she'll be well and truly alive and doing his bidding somewhere." Harry nodded. Maybe he was reading too much into all of this. Maybe he really should be finding the potential intended recipient of these books – after all only the outer wrappers were addressed to him, not even the letter itself mentioned his name. Was he really sure that those words weren't there right at the end of that book in the first place? He hated it when his best friend was right. Ron was right, though. He was taking all of this far too seriously. Closing up the bag around Hermione's work Harry picked up his wallet and slipped on his shoes. "Tell me some more about this mysterious nineteen year old then." Harry held the door open for his friend, pocketing the key before pacing out onto the landing and towards the lift. "Is she fit?" Some time later and Hermione had returned to the luxury apartment, its sumptuousness lost on her as she kicked off her shoes, dumped the pile of work on the leather lined desk and made her way towards the bathroom. Even after a bath and a good night's sleep she knew she would probably feel as if she was long overdue for another. A loud snore brought her to the here and now and she shot her head towards the settee and the two now-sound-asleep figures taking up residence there. Despite her mild resentment at their blissful absence of responsibility and the consequential stress that a day such as today had brought, she grabbed the spare duvet which hung over the back of the door and threw it over them. She would have the bed to herself then, Hermione concluded, entering the bathroom and turning on the taps, the steam spiralling upwards from the hot water tap and filling the room. An hour later and Hermione was, rather than sleeping as she knew she should be, poring over the fine detail of the "Human Rights Bill" which was about to go through Parliament. She needed to prepare a statement outlining the Bill's application to Britain, where colonial and commonwealth laws existed which had a bearing on where and when Continental laws applied. Getting to her feet Hermione crossed over to the refreshments before casting a wand over a cup and getting a hot steaming tea before her. She would need the statute book before she could even prepare the proposal let alone the implications to National Law. And then of course, local council byelaws would be invoked over local matters, no matter what she wrote. Closing her eyes she wondered whether all this was just a bit too much for her. Not the skill required or her ability but her weakness concerning attention to detail. Working in her own pernickety manner meant hours of time spent studying dry law books, parchments and documents before she had even finished the introduction of many of her reports. Not that Harry seemed to mind. On the contrary he supported her wholeheartedly, fitted around her erratic and often prone-to-change lifestyle. Hermione had once overheard Harry flooing Ron and telling him that he wouldn't have her any other way. But sometimes she wished she could give Harry the same in return – his job was mundane, run-of-the-mill, ordinary, compared to hers. Perhaps that in itself pleased him, no matter what she thought of, for want of a better word, a secretary in the Department of Justice. Perhaps the contentment of a stable job was actually what he wanted. Just then, she noticed that a small stack of books and files with familiar pale green and lemon covers and smiled. Hermione knew she hadn't got all of what she needed despite going through everything at work and home, packing and repacking for almost two hours. At least she might find something useful in there. Getting to her feet Hermione began to pace tiredly across the carpet, trying to keep down the noise, before seizing the files and returning to the desk. Just then a light in the fireplace caught her attention. "Hermione?" "Sam!" She crossed the carpet immediately and knelt before it, lowering her voice. "Is it Harry you want? Because he's asleep," she qualified, hoping that her soon-to-be brother-in-law would go quickly. "Oh, OK," replied Sam casually. "Nice place you're staying in. Not bad for a hotel." "It's a work apartment," corrected Hermione. "But Harry is on holiday, isn't he?" "Yes." "You're not serious?" continued Sam, his voice steady and his lips curved in a smile. "I'd never have thought of Germany as a holiday destination. Same as Switzerland…Scandiavia…give me Greece or Spain any day." Sam stopped, but didn't go. Hermione wondered why he was so keen to linger. "Well, when you've been on the family holidays like I've been on…tents…camping…Scotland and Wales…out of season, France is a lovely place to be." "Well, France, obviously," remarked Sam. "But what's Germany like?" Before Hermione could answer though she jerked her head to the right. Harry was getting up. "It's Harry," replied Hermione, a hint of happiness in her voice. Now maybe young Sam would disappear and come back another time. "Hi Sam," said Harry, as he walked unsteadily, bleary-eyed towards them, before taking Hermione in his arms and giving her a big kiss. "How's the meeting?" he glanced at the clock. "Wow, that's late…2.30…but surely you haven't been there that long working, have you?" "I'll talk to you tomorrow," said Sam quickly. "It's nothing important," he added as both Harry and Hermione looked at him sharply. "No, not all the time. I had a bath, and a cuppa," she added, knowing that these activities didn't take up a large chunk of the two hours. "And then I did work, yes." She walked back over to the desk, throwing the files onto the desk, trying not to think of the confusion that had been that afternoon and evening. So much to do, so much to organise…so many people to meet and languages and buildings to navigate…and, as Ginny had rightly told her from her Draco Malfoy obsession, the President of the Magical European Union was indeed eye candy. All these distractions, and even Henrietta Edwards could not be found, so that she could deliver a message to her from the Combined Government. "But these'll keep till tomorrow," she added deliberately. "Come on, we all need some sleep." She glanced past Harry's bare shoulder, meaningfully. "Ron's got to go early in the morning, he's got an early BF shift, fixing the floo network just outside Ealing. It's a big job, he says," said Harry, making his way with Hermione to the bed. "Leave him to sleep then," said Hermione, wondering how she was going to break to Harry that their planned afternoon was going to have to be unplanned again. "Was it a good match?" "We got through," said Harry, glancing back towards the desk, knowing that the letter sent to him and those blank pages were there, somewhere. He was too tired to notice that Hermione was showing unusual and possibly purposeful attention to a match of a sport about which she was usually indifferent. Five minutes later, having visited the bathroom Harry snuggled down next to Hermione, holding her close, indifferent to the sleeping presence of his friend. When she'd got off her chest the thing that she didn't want to tell him, probably that he would have to visit the museum on his own tomorrow, then he'd be happy. Harry closed his eyes and within minutes he was asleep, images of that evening's match, the night out lubricated by several drinks, the apartment, his forthcoming wedding appearing at random within his cranial slideshow. From between the pile of aforementioned documents the letter Harry had discussed with Ron began to move slightly and then fall still. Almost immediately the words, "Art of the Wize." Tell Caelius," appeared in the book that Harry had hidden away in plain sight at their house in Sussex above the words "help me".
88888888 It was nearly morning. The hospital windows shimmered in the early dawnlight as Caelius Lupin looked around him. On the lowest floor deep in the basement of St. Mungo's it would be a naïve person who thought that the reason people who had been bitten by half breeds were given beds down here was to protect them from any danger. Despite his first impressions however Caelius didn't find his brother in a dingy dark corner hidden away. In fact, the room could hardly have been more spacious – every need was catered for down here. Every need. On the shelves adjacent Remus sat several vials of very thick red wine. At least, Caelius hoped they were red wine – he refused to let his mind consider what exactly they could be. Looking back to Remus as he held his brother's hand Caelius smiled as he thought of the positive angle in all of this. His brother, and Sirius Black, lying adjacent and also unconscious, might have been dead. Septimus might have lost his father, so Caelius was determined to think that the situation wasn't all bad. Another advantage was that he wasn't at the cottage contemplating that evening's meeting at Grimmauld Place. At least Septimus was being cared for by Sam's parents, Lily and James, that night and he didn't have to worry about the boy now, or feel the wretchedness of leaving him alone with only a portkey charm as his means of reaching him. Despite his best endeavours, here in the gloom Caelius's tired mind began to switch back to that evening's Reciprocator meeting, fraught and complicated. Septimus had been knocking around with Sam upstairs, something Caelius always encouraged, for Sam was a decent lad, and he had urged his nephew to share some of the woes he had talked to Caelius about that evening. Septimus was worried about his mother and Sam, Septimus had told him later, had encouraged him to write her a letter or send her an owl. That seemed to cheer Septimus up and, quiet and thoughtful, the boy had followed Caelius into the kitchen from the outside steps of the cottage to help him with dinner, a little more buoyant than he had been when they had both left that afternoon. That was, right up until the moment Freya Mitchell, Septimus's adopted sister, had arrived at the cottage. Caelius knew that Septimus had buried his feelings about his mother and Freya deep inside; he knew the boy knew that something had happened between them, and that was what had prompted Cecilia to leave. But Freya had merely stopped by for a chat and a catch-up and Caelius had been relieved to hear them talking about their early years spent living in Edgeford, walks and trips they had been on, things they had done together. Over dinner the three of them had talked of happier times, with Caelius chipping in about the memories he had of when they were both small. Freya had then gone on to talk about Dudley Dursley, Petunia and Regulus Black's elder son. Septimus knew they had a younger son, Darren, whom he had met once before and, once Freya had departed back to Tonks's house, where she now lived, he had gone on to wonder aloud to Caelius whether Dudley and Freya would be getting married. "Girls always think about getting married," said Septimus as he helped his uncle Kay with the washing up when Caelius asked why he had asked. "I remember her talking about the types of dresses she and her friends would wear when they got married…I remember when she used to dress up and pretend she was wearing a wedding dress!" Caelius had glanced down to look at Septimus who, far from exclaiming the fact, was speaking of it matter-of factly. "Crystallia was looking at wedding dresses when we all were last in Diagonalley. But it doesn't mean she's thinking of getting married, though." Haha! Caelius had laughed silently to himself at his nephew's adroit observations. With such insight into women, lad, Caelius had thought as he had dried the dishes, you'll go far. "And you'll be there to see him go far, brother of mine," he said softly as he continued to hold Remus's near lifeless hand. "He'll be, oh, a great wizard…he'll be an Earth wizard…herbs or beasts will be his medium, you mark my words. I've seen him out with you, on the mountains with the whole of nature wild around him, as if waiting for his command – " Cutting off, Caelius smiled a little at the healer who had come to change the drip which was feeding into Remus's left arm. "It's so good he's had visitors," she commented as she lifted down a vial of almost certainly not congealed wine, puncturing its lid and inverting it, resting it on the stand adjacent the bed. "Not like some. We've had some people down here for months without anyone. Even when we've let them go they've gone on their own." She shook her head, her dark curls, bound tightly under a peaked cap, shook madly at the back. "Mr Lupin here has been very lucky." "Indeed. We all care for him so much." "And was that his son you brought the other day?" Caelius nodded. "I thought it best for him to see his father. He would worry, otherwise." Especially when Freya spoiled an otherwise perfect afternoon with her brother by telling him how bad she felt for treating Cecilia that way and that perhaps, if she hadn't his mother might be there now and that she might have not gone away in the first place. Thank you, Miss Mitchell, thoughtlessly put, as usual. He watched as the nurse tended Remus, wiping his brow, checking his pulse and taking his temperature before noting it down remotely by way of a quill writing down the vital information as she took it onto a chart which was hanging at the foot of the bed. She smiled at Caelius briefly before crossing over to where the still body of Sirius lay. "Couldn't you stay too?" Septimus had asked of Caelius, his face serious, his expression hopeful when it had been agreed that he could sleep over at the Reciprocator headquarters in Sam's room after the meeting. Caelius had shook his head and explained that he had several hours of work to prepare for the next day for the Ministry. After an understanding smile, Septimus had followed Sam upstairs and Caelius had left promptly. Thinking back to the meeting he shuddered. Not that it had lasted long but the atmosphere was weighed down with the absence of both Remus and Sirius, ill as they were and the news that Caelius had brought that the Ministry had not settled on a course of action yet had caused the difficult talks to descend to further depths of iciness. Even James's attempt at humour had been met with stony silence, so much so he had got up and strode into the kitchen, leaving the rest of the Reciprocators to discuss the ever more complicated, imprecise courses of action that were open to them. Just before Septimus had come downstairs to meet him, before they left for dinner, James had insisted he discussed with Caelius privately the changes which the Ministry were likely to make. The Ministry still had to ratify the policy of Hedgewards allowing non-wizards access to the school, delayed as it had been because of the more pressing emergency which were the rise in incidences of conflict between non-wizards and conjurists. The meeting which was supposed to have happened that morning had been delayed until Tuesday following news from the European Parliament on developments they were making as a result of conjurist attacks and those by other wizard fundamentalists. As the head of the European Relations Department it was his responsibility to distil the information to the ministry, and he was unable to do this until after his meeting on Monday evening. This meant that he had to delay deploying the reciprocators to liaise between the primary schools of prospective non-wizard students and instead redirect them to assist with monitoring of potential violent hot-spots – sports events, public meetings, legal hearings, coven assemblies. There was no clear roles for any of them, they supposed – and agreed upon – that they would be there to assist the Aurors as and when they needed it. "Up until Tuesday, till you know what we need to do." Caelius had nodded before narrowing his eyes as James handed him something, a rather weighty document bound with string. "As you requested. Projections of changes that Hedgewards will need to accommodate non-wizards. You have a lot to do before September," he added as Caelius untied the string and flicked through the recommendations, combed through for every infinitesimally small detail and leaving no stone unturned. "I won't be alone." Caelius had bound the document with the string again before taking a thinner report, briefer, but lacking in no less detail. "Lily asked me to give you this. She apologises for not being here this evening. She felt it necessary to be with Sirius and Remus. "Of course." Caelius had nodded and looked through this document as his mind drifted vaguely to this room, with these people in it, caring for the abominably ill and hideously deformed, those people who so many had forsaken. "Adjustments to the Hedgewards Curriculum for Equality of Opportunity for both Wizards and Non-Wizards." Just as Caelius had wanted. From what he could see Lily had made links between wizard and non-wizard subjects offering suggestions into topics which could adequately both challenge the practical skills of wizards while supporting and contextualising magic for non-wizards. A good deal about recent scientific and technological developments was included, a big nod towards her and Tabitha Penwright's reciprocator work. Then, of course, he had to feed back the information to Severus Snape, in order for him, as the Headmaster of Hedgeward school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, to make the immediate changes that would be needed for non-wizards to attend. That, and the now-legal, pan-European requirement that all professors at magical educational establishments to engage in academic research as part of the Directive for Commitment to Community and Society. The emphasis was based mainly around those academic areas which concerned non-wizards, so Hedgewards was well placed when it undertook the trial for the new syllabus that September. Would that he were a fly on the wall when Snape had that conversation with Professors Binns, Filch and Trelawney, though. Caelius shook his head. So much to do but with so little time to do it in. He needed another twenty four hours, at least, on top of the twenty four he already had to fit in all that he now needed to do. Of course, he could use a time turner – he had done just that before now when he needed an few extra hours – but it took its toll in the end, you ended up borrowing future time that way…all a time turner did was delay the inevitable…but he had Septimus to consider, especially now, what with both his parents absent. He let go of Remus's hand. His brother, lying there, so sick and ill, with little hope of recovery… Yes, he was well tended. If all it took was regular attention from those he cared about he would be up and about, fully cured by now. But it wasn't that simple. And the person who really needed to be there with him was the one person who was missing. There were grave concerns of those ministers in the know, Malfoy, the Mullens, Drick and himself, which he had not shared with the reciprocators. All who knew of the circumstances surrounding Cecilia Frobisher's appearance nearly twelve years before were deeply concerned about the disappearance without a trace of Cecilia Lupin from Durmstrang Institute. The tense nature of the meeting that night had kept Caelius from speaking about their concerns and no-one had mentioned her either, despite all present knowing about the situation. Caelius was glad Sirius was not awake right at that moment because he would have probably experienced apoplexy at the mention of her name. He had not taken Cecilia's presence in their lives too well, changing as he had done from indifference to annoyance when she had used the information he had provided about his family to validate the research carried out by Snape on the Universal Link and made personal comments about each and every one of them. This had given way to exasperation and finally to what Caelius could only describe as hatred on her final confrontation with them all at the last meeting she had attended nearly two years before. How he had stopped himself from cursing her Caelius to this day never knew. Though it was hardly Cecilia's fault; she had been distraught that Snape had let her go frm her position at Hedgewards when it was reorganised following Aberforth's death making redundant her research. She hadn't wanted to leave Septimus and had some anger towards Caelius over his decision over her future. The fact was, however, that there was a huge fissure in the ever-reliable reciprocators caused by Cecilia confronting them and she had, in her own particular intrusive, blunt, abrupt manner, not won many friends over the years. Indeed, she had several enemies, or at least people who would be her downfall given half a chance. To give Cecilia her due however, though she had gone to Durmstrang reluctantly he knew that she did what she felt was necessary, and probably more, no matter the danger. She wouldn't be Cecilia if she didn't. It was heart or soul or nothing. A deep intake of breath caused Caelius to look at his brother. No. He was just breathing again, his chest rising and falling with just a deeper inhalation interrupting uncompromising rhythm. If only Remus knew how much loyalty he had inspired in the reciprocators, his friends. And Sirius too. Lily and James had visited on more occasions than was their share, as had the Weasley family, Diggle and Braddle, Sturgis Podmore and Shacklebolt. If only you knew how you were loved, my brother, said Caelius to himself. Not least by me. In another part of his mind he housed his guilt over the mission he and Sirius were on. But consummate a politician that he was it was sectioned in his mind away from the here-and-now. The box would open, he knew, but he had too much on at the present to allow time to waste on is emotions. And what of your wife? Were she here, he knew Cecilia would be at his side, sharing her time talking to Remus and shouting and cursing at Caelius for his role in Remus's condition. Vociferous indeed. Where she was now was, ultimately, his greatest concern and it had been since the moment she had arrived, not least that the memories accessible from behind the veil, which only Cecilia to this day had ever survived, and through which media the pensieves were now being used for communication. Some would say she would have been better kept from the world – some had. But Aberforth, as usual, had got his way in the end for the sake of humanity and the better world towards which they were working. Aberforth was now gone and the responsibility lay with him. No matter his silky words almost twelve years ago if he had known what he did now she would never have left the Ministry. Even the reciprocators had questioned his judgment – not that of Aberforth, he had noted bitterly when he had chanced upon a conversation late one night at Grimmauld Place shortly after the Cecilia Incident shortly after Aberforth had died. They had been swayed by Aberforth's vision, James had said. And, why had she ever turned up on their doorstep? Why was she still there? Why had she never left? Caelius knew, however, that no-one would question him to his face for there was still a measure of protocol and Caelius had never seen any point in bringing it up. And besides, what would he imprison her for? What could he say she had done? He looked across at Remus. But interned as he had made her, as a spy at Durmstrang, had he not, in effect, imprisoned her? Cold, and political, yes. Caelius had been called much worse. But he made her see her purpose was useful, valuable, irreplaceable. And, of course, he had torn her away from her family. She wasn't the only missing person. Tabitha Penwright hadn't been seen since June, although her absence was entirely more explainable, given her methods of investigating her mysteries. If Miss Penwright's traits were displayed by anyone else they would be described as erratic, strange and unpredictable. But she got results, and she was good. No, Tabitha would resurface, sooner or later, probably under armed giant guard believing it to be the day before yesterday. At least she would have her say on Lily's report on Auld Magic. Tabitha had contributed a lot to the content and when she did finally read her comments could be taken into account. Along with Lily's recommendations her preliminary report had been enclosed – the Ministry had agreed to accept it without corroboration from Tabitha Penwright quite simply because she was engaged in Ministry business. And the fact that Harry and Hermione were in Strasbourg meant they would probably bring back a report from Henrietta Edwards, their contact in the European Parliament regarding the conjurist situation on the continent. No, it wasn't all bad, and nothing he couldn't handle. He looked at his brother again, his mind quietening. Perhaps he could have brought Septimus this evening. The lad had spent the second of his two visits (unlike the first) taking to his father about his last few days at school and what he had been doing that summer. Septimus's hopes and fears about Hedgewards might have been enough to rouse Remus, perhaps, or at least provoke some sort of response. Caelius got to his feet and began to pace Aberforth-like between Remus and Sirius's beds. Poor Septimus. He knew his nephew deserved far more than he could provide, family that he was or not. Despite his omniscience he had such a blind spot for Septimus and he knew this to be a personal weakness. No other eleven year old he would have sanctioned coming here; no other child. If Sirius had had children he would have upheld the hospital's policy on Health and Safety – if the patients down here had their health then no visitor had their safety. He wondered if Remus would be surprised if he knew just how important his son was. He knew about Cecilia's past of course, one of only a handful that did. But what would he make of Aberforth's speculation? That's if he ever recovered. If he recovered and the situation was less than critical at the ministry Caelius resolved to share a little more with his brother. A safe bet considering the circumstances. Even in the dim light Caelius could see the huge gouge marks on Remus's neck where the illegal vampire had struck. He knew from reports from the so-called owners, now guests at Azkaban, that both he and Sirius had done their best to fight off the attacks, coming so swiftly and unexpectedly when they entered the suspected conjurists' house. And now, almost a week later neither had moved save a few heavier breaths and a couple of flinches. The nurses were doing their best too, their care could not be better. But, of course, Sirius had the far better chance. Once he regained consciousness Severus Snape could brew the potion that he had done for Caelius and, when a full moon presented itself or, even better, a lunar eclipse, the parasites in his blood would be completely eradicated by the silver nitrate, the active ingredient, in the cure. Then all Sirius would have to do was to take the monthly symptom-relieving potions like Caelius did. The parasites influence of causing the moon to interact with the water in a wizard's cells, unfortunate as he had been that he had been bitten by a werewolf, still, with the absence of aforementioned tiny beasts, still responded to the moon's influence, but to a far diminished extent. It was the difference between a slight tiredness of the eyes and a light-sensitive, nausea-inducing migraine. Often Caelius wondered whether Snape had gone to the trouble of developing it only because he could. On thinking such thoughts Caelius tended, because of the plain vitalness of Snape's potion-making abilities, and also because he held equal status with him in the reciprocator movement (Aberforth had been specific in leaving the Hedgewards responsibilities to Snape, as was the school tradition to name a successor) for he had access to the same knowledge as Caelius himself. The most brilliant thing that Severus Snape had done was to continue to marvel and astonish almost every academic and professional institution he had ever been in contact with. There was little he could not do in any given field, although his social skills and personableness were definitely areas to work on. Snape had come up with the lycanthropy cure by himself, calculated the correct dosage, established a viable matrix in which the silver nitrate to stabilise it and prevent it from decaying and formed a symptom reliever all by the age of twelve. Usually eminent and skilled wizards took years, decades, to perfect what Severus had achieved in the matter of months, and this was but a doxy-dropping hill compared to the Everest he had conquered, namely the Universal Link between wizards and non-wizards. So if anyone could help his dear brother it was Severus. But there was one factor which hadn't escaped Caelius's notice. All potions which required metal salts as the active ingredient were stabilised by the root of a plant which had to be picked at the right time, when it flowered at night, and grew in only one place in the world. The effect of this was to make potions very expensive, even on the Wizard Health Service, and also very valuable. Because of its scarcity the small, otherwise inconsequential primrose plant was also sought by black marketeers, corrupt governments, drugs and armament manufacturers. Not so bad when, as a politician, you could pull a few strings. But, reports, independently verified reports, stated that the source had been harvested almost clear of the primroses and had been sealed off by the Mongolian government. The chances of getting some were about as good as Remus miraculously waking up with no ill effects whatsoever. Caelius looked at his sleeping brother again before sitting back down next to him taking his hand. This wasn't about to deter Severus Snape, however. When he came across a problem, especially one as stubborn and impossible as this Caelius knew that the wizard would be spurred on by the challenge. He held tighter to Remus's hand. Was he asking to much that the brilliant Severus Snape? Had he asked too much already? Was he able to reliably aid his brother's recovery as he had helped him? Caelius closed his eyes, shooing away all thoughts of the Azkaban-high pile of work with his name on. Snape had to come up with something and fast so that Remus could wake up. For Septimus's sake.
88888888 Still no land in sight as Cecilia stood at the foredeck. Around her the crewless ship held its course as gusts of winds began to buffet the sails, making them billow in and out arrhythmically. Storm clouds were gathering on the horizon. She turned, facing the direction of the breezes and letting them blow coolly on her face. Despite the drop in air pressure the air was still warm. The day, her second aboard the ship, was drawing to its twilight. Before long Cecilia would be alone in the North Sea with the blackness closing around her. The ship, with a pre-prepared cabin below and self-appearing food in the mess, knew her destination and she knew they had been sailing south west because of the rough proximity of the ship to the sun's path in the sky. Eventually she would be back in Britain, the smooth transit of the ship behind her, the eerie ghostliness of the solitude gone. She would be with Septimus and, heaven help her, the rest of them. Even now it was hard to see these people as friends, or even colleagues. That she had lived and worked with them, wizards and non- for so long, presuming she knew them and, because of so many misjudgments, offered herself up for humiliation. So many things hadn't happened here, or had but with slight differences. Aberforth had counselled her many times over her situation and though he had been sympathetic and empathetic he hadn't truly understood. And even though Caelius said the right things it was always with such smoothness and professionalism that even she knew he was just giving her soothing-sounding words. Why had she jumped in so readily? Looking back it hardly made sense. But the reality was that here was so like where she had come from she had convinced herself that it actually was. Because of her. Because of her changing the memory clouds behind the veil when she had passed through it, here Joseph Black was the founder of the reciprocators, an organisation associated with the ministry which openly promoted wizard and non-wizard collaboration. Raymond Lully, an outcast of Sirius Black's family in the old world, a reciprocator who had collaborated with Poppy Pomfrey's grandfather Pompops, connected to the traitor Oswald Avery, who had given Remus's father the task of looking after Mysterious Mythology, the original book whose illustrations and diagrams had aided Cecilia in uncovering the Universal Link were merely a footnote in the history of collaboration here, being the wizard who had tried to stop the attack on the wizard bank Gringotts in 1956. Instead Avery here had been behind the attack by a werewolf on the Lupin cottage with the aim of scaring off their father in joining the reciprocator movement. The beginning, if were needing to be pinpointed, of the conjurists. Cecilia was the very last secret collaborator, recruited by Albus Dumbledore, the very last reciprocator in the old world. How far she had come since those dim first days, in the old place, when she had thrown together some ideas written hastily on scraps of paper about what she thought wizards should know about non-wizards? How she had stabbed in the dark regarding genetics, treading ineptly on the feelings of those people she was there to help? How she had arrogantly lesson planned, and a collection of these random things a scheme of work…what else could she have done? What would anyone have done in her situation? She looked overboard at the indigo-dark North Sea below her. Although they were skimming the waves quickly ther progress was slow and Cecilia believed that when she had slept in the hammock within the cabin, the only cabin that opened when it had become dark the night before, the ship hastened only by her conscious thoughts somehow. Or at least, that was what one of her colleagues with whom she had worked (or, more accurately, spied on) at Durmstrang had described it. Was it too much for her to hope that the ship would sail to the west coast of Cumbria or the Solway Firth so she had only a few miles to cover to the Lupin cottage. And to see her son – oh! How she missed him! Her darling son who gave her so much joy. Who was her reason for not complaining for being treated so ill by his uncle. And Caelius knew he had exploited her too. She leaned over the railing and watched the miniature waves lapping by the hull and thought about the last decade or so. She was now in her forties and had seen so much, so many fantastical, wonderful, dangerous things. So many time-stealing things. The time had gone in a flash and what had she, other than her son, to show for it? Cecilia thought about the time she had received the letter of 15th July 1996, coaxing her curiosity into action. How simple life was before she had received it. What if she never had? Had it not been for the vain, selfish streak in her personality and she might never have left Edgeford, pining as she had been for her dead husband, and possibly still in search of a purpose. a selfish side which might have left her in Edgeford. She would almost certainly not have been here, having crossed the dimensions of space/time to a different reality governed by altered past events. Where she had made commitments to people, her own son the most significant of which, that she was finding it difficult, almost impossible to honour Who knows what the world would be like if it hadn't been for her? It might have been better, for her, on balance. A crunch behind her brought Cecilia into the here-and-now. Searching the wooden deck for what sounded like damage she scanned the deck as she hunted for its origin – the last thing she wanted was to be lost in the middle of the North Sea. But it was only the tiller, crunching around as it drove the capstan and shifting their position in the water. Cecilia ran her fingers through her hair and lay down on the mid-deck, her eyes at one with the now star-revealing sky. How would it have been never to have known about wizards and magic? Never to have wracked her mind over the puzzle of Auld Magic that had been wrapped up in the enigma of Mysterious Mythology. That she had been just another person, shaking her head in shocked dismay at the apparent sporadic massacre of almost a hundred muggles that had occurred three months after the letter, at Halloween – oh yes she knew about it, no matter how hard someone in the Order of the Phoenix had tried to conceal it from her. But, as the connections between magic and science had increasingly knitted together in this world through the very nature of their commonalities Cecilia Frobisher from the old world would have been astounded at the many outcomes of scientific and magical research. For example, the killings had not been random but systematic, carried out by the Death Eaters by establishing a genetic link between people, a gene in common, for example, from just one sample of hair or blood. The basis of Auld Magic as explained by science. The Death Eaters had been able to incapacitate people with one particular chromosome in common and leave them isolated so they could be finished off at the dark wizards' leisure. Very powerful indeed, and awe inspiring, especially if you didn't know how it worked. Marvellous, however, if you did, but no less disturbing. It was no wonder Auld Magic was so revered, both in the old world and this one, for it tapped into the very fundamentals of science and produced eye-opening effects. It had been Remus who had told her about the deaths, a few weeks after she had moved back into his cottage. But, Cecilia had further discovered, the massacre on the 31st October, just after she had arrived back from analysing the DNA samples at her old lab in Edgeford with Nick Smith, had been her Coventry. It was disgusting: it had reviled her to know that Dumbledore had put so much trust and invested so much in her and her work that he had made the Order stand by and allow the deaths to happen, sacrificing the lives on muggles on the gamble that she would succeed with the potion for Harry so that he could defeat lord Voldemort. Once she did know the knowledge of this had driven her on, her dogged determination that she shouldn't stop, even though every fibre had been telling her for months that she should. It had got worse with the exhaustion she was feeling at the Dursley's house, but of course that had been pregnancy, possibly. Well, according to Petunia Dursley in any case but she was doubtful of a lot of things that had happened before she had disappeared behind the veil and traversed the memories. What had driven her on when she felt so removed from Harry's potion in the old world, she knew, had been the other of her twin purposes which was something entirely personal, a cure for Remus based around the presence of silver nitrate in whatever elixir she might have been able to design. It was the substance that had the possibility of destroying the lycanthropy parasite which caused the werewolf (always a wizard) to change when the water within the body's cells was polarised because of the full moon. It was one thing she wished she could have discovered herself, a personal link to her Remus, back in the old world, put to death for his being a so-called halfbreed. Here it was entirely unnecessary for it was Caelius who was the werewolf not Remus and his condition had been under control since Severus Snape had developed a cure for him from ultra-rare ingredients when he was in his second year at Hedgewards. Her mind wandered as she re-trod old thoughts. Could he make it again? Could she? Why was Cecilia even using her mind to think of this utterly irrelevant question when she had promised herself she was going to put science and magic, and all that had come from the Universal Link behind her? Once she had decided this, once she had decided to commit herself to her family no matter what, and forget her academic pursuits, crystallised at the moment Remus had made his way to Durmstrang and they had vowed passionately that they would put one another first, Cecilia had a purpose. But she didn't suppose it was going to be easy. Those long lost days in the past and a different time were part of her, things which wouldn't be so easily to disregard, in the same way as the differences in this world were hard to ignore. At first it had amused Cecilia to spot differences between the two worlds. Ranging from hundreds of subtle nuances to the one huge discrepancy (namely wizards being known in the world by non-wizards) she would find herself chuckling inwardly to herself as she compared the two. Perhaps this was one reason she found it so hard to put the past behind her. Maybe it had been herself after all who had sown the seeds of discord between her and the reciprocators. Cecilia inhaled the warm, now-night air as the mizzentops of the sails scored the night sky above her, as if connecting the stars like a celestial dot-to-dot. Shivering, she sat up and reached for her coat before lying back down in the uneven deck. Not that there were many differences, nothing you could really point to, but enough to be noticeable. Differences in sports, for example, was one thing she noticed: match scores, line-ups, team names (Sheffield Thursday? Who would have credited it?). The existence of quidditch as a wizard game held in equivalent esteem to the mighty football. Slight shifts in dates of reigning British monarchs were another difference, along with several more wives for Henry VIII, a rearrangement of the sequence of Plantagenent kings (but with no difference in outcome) and William IV being known as the Airforce King – flight had been developed over a century earlier here and this monarch had chosen a different armed force in which to serve. Subtle changes in the flightpath of lepidoptera, with little overall consequence, rather a change in the history books. But there were other areas where the butterfly of chaos may have given a huge flap in the other direction. Whereas in the old world – the Other Place as she liked to call the past dimension – Minerva McGonagall merely came from Dundee and supposed she was related to that most dreadful of poets William, here Minerva Topaz McGonagall had produced brilliant acclaimed poetry which was admired by both wizards and non-wizards alike. Freya, whom of course, she knew she would take in when she found out she was an orphan and whose parents had suffered at the hands of conjurists when Cecilia had first arrived. The little seven-year-old in this world had a gold bracelet with a date of birth on, given to her by her grandmother, the date of birth being that of Freya's grandmother. It was identical to the one which, in the Old Place, Cecilia had left with her friend Libby for Freya's birthday when she had left to work with the Order, which had belonged to Cecilia's grandmother. And so that little butterfly, its fleeting vector having been altered by Cecilia herself, had progressed from amusing to irritating to downright annoying. She had been the direct cause of the unit of power now being called the Black, rather than the Watt, for it had been Joseph Black who had collaborated openly with non-wizards and developed the steam engine rather than Matthew Boulton's partner. Which of course had resulted in mutual wizard-non-wizard collaboration, sowed the seeds of resentment in both a number of non-wizards but, more significantly, wizards and had resulted in the existence of the narrow-minded, ignorant conjurists. Cecilia's thoughts drifted to the near future. What would it be like when she got back to Britain? At least at Durmstrang, with highly academic but socially isolated wizards, she had a kind of connection. She could talk about scientific and magical theories and not be considered a threat or be made to feel different. In a strange way, in the extremes of right-wing wizardry as existed here, whose ever-emerging theories about the differences between wizards and non-wizards were constant fodder to whoever was driving the conjurists, she fitted in. But she had no-one at home, not even Remus, who had tried is best to understand, she knew. Aberforth Dumbledore had been the only one who she could ever confide but in his successors, Caelius and Severus, no such empathy. Cecilia had long ago stopped hoping for an equivalent ear or two once she had embarrassed herself with Severus and Caelius had made her leave after the spectacle that was Aberforth's wake. The stars twinkled brighter now as night set in. Cecilia loved the night, the all enveloping darkness, where distinctions between, gender, appearance, magical ability…all of those things which people discriminated against other people existed. For so long Cecilia sought the dark, hiding herself away, from her family when she first went to work with Albus Dumbledore, from the students at Hedgewards, from the Ministry who were hunting her and Remus after the Great Battle, from the Dursleys. Who wouldn't love darkness when it afforded so much protection and anonymity? And then there were things which never happened here at all. From the point of view of the reciprocators Cecilia had just appeared out of nowhere. Only a handful of people, Remus and Caelius, the Ministers who had been there when Cecilia had been rescued Lucius Malfoy, Rodolphus Lestrange, Mick and Dave Mullen, and Aberforth, who had explained to her the evidence of her journey, the letter of 15th July, which he described as an intransmutable object. No matter what else had changed in this reality compared to where she had come from, this stayed the same. And, to complete the comparisons which her mind was clearly so keen to make Cecilia considered the wizard who had orchestrated the infiltration of the reciprocators in the Old Place, not so nearly well developed there because of their secretive nature. Here, Oswald T Avery was credited as the wizard who began first linked pensieves together rather than the metaphorical axe-wielder severing as many links between wizard and muggle reciprocators as he could find. In the 1930s here, in order to save on legwork between university and academic research facilities Avery developed a way in which pensieves could be connected together to send floo messages and scrolls instantly and more than one person. What wizard was without the Interpensieve, or the wizard-wide-web? In short, her meddling in the thoughts and memories of wizards had resulted in many alterations to the present, not least the included the change in the course of the reciprocators' fate which had resulted in Joseph Black becoming the founder of the Reciprocator movement rather than its assassin. People had met, not met people, married, died, were born, were educated, lived differently as a result. Some people had not even existed, Raymond Lully being one and with him no Goblin Riots in 1956, no need to pass on the Universal Link hidden so skilfully in a copy of "Mysterious Mythology" for that deception was never needed – Oh! How much would she have loved to have that book back, Remus's family's copy, the one with the words "Energy-Light-Magic" running around the page borders. She could see it still, in front of her still, in her mind's eye. It reminded her so much of the Remus she loved, reminded her of Remus here, who was her beloved in name only, so different that he was in many ways to her werewolf, and how she had to keep going for Septimus, how she was returning now for the love of her child and the pragmatic commitment she had made to the wizard she had married. What else had she been expecting though, with so many differences in history? She could hardly have expected those wizards she had worked so closely with in the Old Place to be the same. Clearly the reciprocators bore some resemblance to the Order of the Phoenix, and to some extent they were now fighting a similar prejudice in conjurism that the Order fought in Voldemort. But for some their roles were dramatically altered, not least because of the fact that Lily and James Potter lived here, but also Henrietta Edwards, killed in the Old Place by Regulus Black to prove his loyalty to Voldemort. But more than that. For example, it had been Aberforth Dumbledore who was the head of the recprocators, rather than Albus, who she had been expecting. He kept secrets, but on behalf of peacekeeping and research and development – home security one might say. Gellert Grindelwald was the major influence in the life of the elder Dumbledore brother and, had Grindelwald never met Albus the Dumbledore family might well have been a happier one. To what extent Cecilia had not been sure, but those were Aberforth's words one evening when she had, for yet another time, poured out her insecurities, fears and worries to the ever-patient wizard. In fact Cecilia thought they were probably the last words of significance Aberforth had ever spoken to her. Whatever the statement meant, Albus may well have been the leader of the Order rather than some dangerous fundamentalist raising and nurturing bigoted fears and misappropriations in wizards. The leader of the Reciprocators, Cecilia corrected herself aloud, as the ship creaked around her, tacking into the wind. For here, she mused as the groundswell of water enlivened the ship's passage, Tom Riddle's father and mother had defied his grandfather and got married, lived together in quiet ordinary circumstances and sent all seventeen of their sons to Hedgewards rather than their eldest son becoming the most feared Dark Wizard ever known. Cecilia shook her head, the gesture seen by no-one, of course. Would she ever be able to get over the dual comparisons? Would she never just be able to just live her life? She had been so caught up in the science of magic here, in this place, which she had forgotten to stop. Or had been afraid to, knowing that it had given her a purpose before. In old world she was at the beginning, a pioneer. Here, what she thought was marvellous and novel was pedestrian, infantile almost. No wonder the reciprocators had humoured her, but never really taken her seriously. How long had she known that, deep down? It was as if she had been overawed at her own ability to have discovered fire or invented the wheel. Not only was fire harnessed but millions of different permutations of the wheel were in operation. These things took their place in the background of people's everyday lives, as did the Universal Link, leaving her adrift, trying to blend together the developments that had happened here with where she had been before she had come through the veil, trying to educate herself, filling in as many gaps as she could. It was hardly worth commenting on here. Perhaps this had been Cecilia's problem. Labouring under the impression that her efforts were worthy of note. What had she been here, other than a spare part, a hanger on? What was her purpose, actually? She had been originally employed by Albus Dumbledore to find a way of defeating the overarching evil that existed, Lord Voldemort but here, Albus Dumbledore was the overarching evil. In a fashion she had been allowed a small role in Helping on the espionage side of things, and when she had attempted theoretical integration between magic and science she had been knocked down, continually and consistently, embarrassing both herself and Remus, turning the Reciprocators against her and generally causing her own isolation. Perhaps too because she had assumed that the reciprocators were just the same people as they had been, or expected them to be in the case of those who were now alive and had not made a distinction. Sirius, though unburdened with the deaths of his friends and the blame lying with him was still the same jokey, have-a-laugh, take-nothing-seriously wizard she had known, who had spied on her, flirted with her and had her help him right at the end. Before, he had broken into her house to take back "Mysterious Mythology", or at least try to, and the same wizard, playing by his own rules, existed here. A measure of bravado, of front, still remained. But his attitude to Cecilia was entirely indifferent, blocking her efforts at every turn for he believed, and regularly openly said, that she didn't belong. Caelius had taken many knocks for her but, of course, he knew the truth of her being there, didn't he? Indifference then gave way to him utterly despising her after the showdown at Aberforth's wake. For that case, she had been glad she had been sent to Durmstrang. Then there was that piece of work Henrietta Edwards, a former friend, helping her by providing her information about what she knew about science just so as to trip her up, eventually, and embarrass her, when the time was right for her own professional advancement, befriending her only to let her fall and make her a fool. How was it that it took a moonless magical ship voyage for that to become so clear? And the beauty of the witch's cunning was that she had done it to her so many times without Cecilia's knowledge. Looking back it was easy to see how the woman, encouraging her in her research that she had done knowing how unpopular it was with the rest of the reciprocators, and when she had challenged her at Aberforth's wake Henrietta had simply stood by wordlessly, as if she had agreed with the rest of the witches and wizards all along. Slippery, devious, scheming, conniving…treacherous. A born politician. The only difference between Henrietta Edwards and Caelius Lupin was that the woman was merely interested in only herself, interested only in people if it meant she ascended the status ladder in life, thinking nothing at all of the people she had used to get from rung to rung. At least Caelius's intentions came from dogged duty, however much she disagreed with them. Oh, there were times when she had been genuine enough, but turn on the fakeness button and she was manipulation witchified. For a long time Cecilia had considered her a friend, she had socialised with her, confided in her. It had been Petunia Black who had come to be a strong ally and a genuine friend who had actually listened to Cecilia after the incident at Grimmauld Place with the reciprocators, Henrietta and Freya. She always had, there when she had cause to offload when work was getting on top of her, laugh about the funny things Septimus did or said as he was growing up, shared a laugh and a joke, talked about Dudley and Darren Dursley, the schools they were going to, Dudley's increasingly outrageous haircuts and fashions – hardly appropriate for a ministry of magic accountant, so thought his mother. A genuine friend. Someone who, though closely connected to the reciprocators through Regulus, although neither were reciprocators themselves, listened with genuine alarm and offered her sympathy when she related the whole sorry affair. Petunia had made Cecilia feel much better about herself, making her realise that she was not being mean-spirited when she felt resentment towards Henrietta for her treatment of her, and that it showed more about Henrietta Edwards's character than it did about Cecilia's "I know," Petunia had said, making Cecilia a cup of black tea, topping up on several other teas Petunia had made for her the evening after the Afternoon of Horror. "I used to think she was all right too. But, you know Sissy, she was so boring!" Cecilia had giggled, in the way she had done with friends long gone. "When I had heard Caelius had proposed her as a reciprocator I wondered how, I'm being serious she's so dense." Petunia then walked across her own living room doing a perfect impression of Henrietta's strut. "She went to Hedgewards with us, she was in my house. She would want to walk to lessons with me." Petunia had sipped her tea. "You know, I ended up making excuses not to go with her, and, you know, I chose to be late lots of times rather have to wait for her and walk with her to lessons." "Seems like she spent her time learning how to be manipulative," Cecilia had mused aloud, "working out how to play people to get her to where she needed to be." Petunia had nodded a little and had clapped Cecilia her on the back. "She's really got under your skin, hasn't she? Look, there's no love lost between us," she had added when the cloud of shame had wiped itself all over Cecilia's face. "If you need a vent, you're more than welcome, anytime, mate. We all need to rant from time to time. I don't know how my sister stands her, but Lily was always much more kind hearted and patient than me." Another time, in the months just before Aberforth's death, and when she was beginning to suspect that Henrietta was not all she seemed, at her last visit to Grimmauld Place in a fruitless search for Severus Snape Henrietta had commented about her own freedom to do what she wanted without responsibilities, saying she was ever grateful for not needing so desperately to be defined by a man. Nothing directly attacking Cecilia of course, but that was how Henrietta Edwards operated – she had had nearly two years to contemplate that. Lily had said she had been married for a long time and Henrietta had replied that that was different: she was a Reciprocator in her own right. A broadside to Cecilia. Everyone knew that she was the outsider, none more so than Cecilia herself. She had brought this up with Petunia months later. "Do you know what I call her, when I realise she's being like this?" Petunia had smiled, after soothing her with tea and cake. "I call her a conjurist," Cecilia had darted her a knife-sharp look. "She's not being anti non-wizard," Petunia had justified, sipping her own tea, "she's being anti- people who stand in her way. She sees you as a threat, Cecilia." "A threat?" Cecilia had been genuinely shocked. "But I'm not! How do I threaten her?" "By being a non-wizard, and doing the work that she was not chosen for," Petunia had confided, lowering her voice and smiling, knowing she was sharing a non-too-well-kept secret. "She has no brains for what you do; she couldn't do the research you've done. She wonders what you're going to do in the future that will threaten her and she's taking steps to knock you down. She's a bully, Cecilia, always has been. She's doing what women do when they feel threatened. It's non-traceable, like gossip and oh, hasn't she had all her life to perfect the art of manipulation and intrigue! The wizards probably don't even realise what's going on, and the witches? Well, if they do notice then they're just putting up with her, and if they don't it's because she's being Henrietta." "Mrs Voldemort, more like!" Cecilia had uttered, dully. Petunia had laughed. "Yes, like that terrible wizard in your book, Henrietta. What will Mrs V do next, I wonder?" Mrs V. And that's what Cecilia had called her, in her mind, when Henrietta had been her scheming, conniving self. Now, as she looked out into the darkness she pictured the woman's beautiful, striking features twisted with years of cunning and deviousness, shaking her head. You can't hurt me, Mrs V. You want information? Well you're not having it. What I have here belongs to Caelius – he deserves it, after all. I don't work with the reciprocators any more, I won't again. Stick that up your wand and make a spell from it! She wished she had managed to get a message back to Petunia while she had been at Durmstrang, telling her how much she had bolstered Cecilia when she had been at her lowest. In some respects she should probably have taken a step back years ago, when the work had come to its natural end. Perhaps if she had had something of her own in this world she might have felt more secure, but even what she had produced, "The Story that Never Was", hadn't been entirely independent of it all. In a lot of ways she had a lot to thank Caelius for. Being away from the reciprocators and into an academic research environment, though a magical one, had probably saved Cecilia from cracking up. If only she had insisted Septimus had come with her, she could have educated him at Durmstrang, despite its extreme view on wizards and non-wizards. But the over-riding factor which had stayed her in insisting was that Septimus would have been away from all he knew, those things which, at eight, he needed more than her: a stable school-life, social structure, his friends. Remus had agreed that this should happen, probably the most civil a conversation they had had since the incident after Aberforth's funeral. It had been a very civil parting after nearly ten years of marriage. Remus had kissed her stiffly on the cheek before Caelius had floo'd her to the Brocken, in the Harz Mountains. From there, the entrance to Durmstrang via the Rosstrappe, at the top of the cliff. It was a port key, but you stepped out over the edge of the cliff before putting your foot not in mid-air and then tumbling to your death but onto a dark basalt floor in the foundations of the school itself. Considering the Institute was at the top of an island mountain it was the highest-up basement Cecilia knew and, when Caelius described the dim, dank area as the "Welcome Room" she had wondered how Spartan and chilling the rest of the place must be. She had very few things to give to the Welcome Elf who had come to meet them, merely her private, personal belongings and things which meant she could carry out her everyday work for which she had been humiliatingly sent away. She got to her feet, trying to calm her emotions. Looking ahead, Cecilia focused on the thinnest line of orange on the horizon, the wind on her face now Cecilia wondered whether it had been the sharpness of the air on her face which had caused tears to spring to her eyes as the smooth passage of the ship headed in the direction of the light. She suspected not. Though there was no-one around she didn't want to express her ever-growing feelings of inadequacies and ill-treatment that had preceded her stay at Durmstrang and she stared harder at the meagre light source. Even now she wondered how she could have borne the shame-inducing situation of her role. And she had accepted it, ovine-like, allowing herself to be treated that way, as if she were the only person at fault…that the blame lay with her and her alone. She had had a long time to think since then and her departure now was her belated response to her incarceration. But she couldn't say that she hadn't gained something from being around such highly focused wizards. Perfecting her own investigations, she had verbalised and crystallised her own thoughts, musings and hypotheses given unlimited time. The Universal Link, connecting both science and magic had been reduced to a hobby of an unpopular non-wizard woman back in Britain by the reciprocators, but she had never been dismissed, even by wizards with such extreme views, or at least, her inner scientist corrected, producing evidence which supported the cause of extreme views. Science can never be context-free and it usually depends on the people funding the research as to the questions which are asked, so the most advantageous results can be obtained. Those using the results can then say that they were backed by evidence from scientific research, giving them more credit. But you can hardly blame the researchers themselves, especially as most of the research teachers at Durmstrang made Tabitha Penwright look positively normal in her approach to things. If she had one overarching regret however, it was that she hadn't spent enough time talking to Tabitha. She seemed the most honest of the lot, speaking her mind freely and judging no-one. That was what the Durmstrangers had been like – wholly accepting her in terms of academic pursuit, no question of emotion or personal manipulation. Nothing was ever personal with them, nor Tabitha. It was no surprise that she had ended it with Severus though; when you saw someone once every six months you could hardly call that a relationship. The orange line was now getting wider and, in the fore-ground Cecilia thought she could see another patch of orange in the foreground. Sodium-orange light pollution? Perhaps they were nearing land. The ship seemed to know where it was going. From the position of the sun, which she had tracked the previous day they seemed to be heading in the direction of the UK. Her heart quickened. Britain. Where, when the Ministry caught up with her she would have a lot of explaining to do. But if her plan came to pass then she, Septimus and Remus could live in peace, away from it all. Her mind drifted back to Tabitha again, but then focused sharply on Snape. Even he, who had seemed so genuine had, she could see, looking back, been humouring her from the start. He had made no contact with her in the nearly two years she had been away despite frequent missives on her part. Clearly he had grown tired of her doggedness. Or had been utterly disgusted at her behaviour at the wake. Or been repulsed by her embarrassing show of emotions when last they had met. Cecilia shook her head trying to shake away the memories of it all as if they were an Etch-a-Sketch picture. She fixed again her gaze on the horizon, scanning it for further evidence of their location. It did her no good either to dwell on the past, nor the past in the Old Place either, a comfort though it might be when she caught herself still half-think of herself as Mrs Frobisher, the widow of Tim Frobisher who here had (she had been pathetic enough to research and discover) emigrated fro Edgeford to Canada twenty years ago and was now a ski-ing instructor in the Canadian Rockies. The widow of Remus Lupin put to death for his disability. The employee of Albus Dumbledore in a place where Voldemort terrorised both muggle and wizard, where she had been of some use! Well, now was the time that she would forget the other dimension where she had come from, and the bad times in the last decade in this one too. She knew this was the time Cecilia had already begun on the path which led away from scientific and magical research and on to her life with her family. She had burned her research notes; she had made peace with her husband. She had defied the ministry by leaving Durmstrang. So as to live here rather than exist. Her heart glowed. She could be mum to Septimus again. He was alive here, her beloved son, an eleven year old who needed his mother. Whatever had possessed her to leave him? How could she ever have? She forced a block down in her mind. No. No regrets. No grudges or bitterness. The past had often been described as a foreign country by wordsmiths far more skilled and poetic than she. And, like her exodus from the tiny Noweigan chip of land just East of the mainland in the Norweigian north Atlantic, it was also difficult to leave. She looked about her again as the proto light of dawn filtered into vision. Land loomed ahead, the streetlights glowing brighter and welcoming. Cecilia smiled and thought of her son again. Forget the guilt of being absent for two years she would be there for him for the rest of her life now, once she set foot on the land ahead of her. And she could support, guide, love, respect Remus too, be his wife properly. Her heart rose as she thought about that night in June. He had arrived up unexpectedly to see her at Durmstrang, borne his inner fears and aspirations for their marriage as she had hers. He had agreed to put aside all that had happened with the reciprocators and defend her, as his wife, as he had done already in her absence. Cecilia had promised to abandon all research work concerning science and magic, forget and never mention the Other Place and do something else when she eventually got back to Britain alongside being full time mum at home to Septimus. And then they had sworn to love one another for the rest of their lives, breathing the freshness of life back into their corpse of a marriage which had, until that night, been clinging to mere threads of vitality. Cecilia hoped that Remus would not be too shocked or annoyed at seeing her back sooner than he expected. She could not be happier. To say it had been life-changing was not overstating the fact. They had made up when Cecilia thought that their marriage was over bar the paperwork. And when he had touched her hand it was as if she had been transported back to Sirius's spare room in the Other Grimmauld Place, at Christmas, when he had attacked her. The spark of familiarity but the newness too. That night, that glorious June night, they had been together, made love, as she had always hoped they would, even better than at the start of their relationship here, in this world. Two people but with one heart, one mind, one soul, one purpose. No. Cecilia shook her head again as unmistakably the grey line of land showed up on the horizon. No more for her science and magic for her, no more other world, with its Death Eaters, Voldemort, Albus Dumbledore, near-broken Snape and wretched Harry. Goodbye "Universal Link" and endless, thankless research. No more teaching, no more Hogwarts. Or Hedgewards either for that matter. She had chosen happy over right and that was something she needed to keep reminding herself about whenever the drug of academia began to torment her soul. Hello future, I'll take you. Whatever you hold for Mrs Lupin. Soothing though these thoughts were it was what she was going to do practically when she got back to Caelius's cottage in the Lake District that needed to occupy her thoughts, Cecilia knew. The land loomed nearer and she put the inconvenient thought to one side as she tried to work out where she was and, more importantly, what would happen when the ship reached it. Overhead the sails flapped as the land grew closer. The ship slowed, bereft of the best of the breeze. It would take some time to reach the coast. She sat back down cross-legged on the deck as dawn now admitted it was there and shone its light into the east. Her thoughts reverted back to what she would do, what they would do, when she reached the cottage. Caelius had told her that both Remus and Septimus were now living with him. Cecilia bristled at the thought of his intrusion. It had been his decision to send her away, admittedly as a result of her behaviour, but his action nonetheless. He had kept her from her son for almost two years, something she knew for which she could never forgive him for she could never replace the time she had lost with Septimus. But Cecilia also knew trying to live holding onto the bitterness would be of little use at all. She had to think practically, pragmatically and sensibly. Only then would she win through. Cecilia smiled to herself as she reminded herself what her first sensible action would be. An hour later, her exit far less graceful than her embarkation, Cecilia scrambled down the side of the ship and getting wet. The ship had not berthed in a dock or quay but at the foot of the Scarborough cliffs, just down the coast from the jet that she remembered finding when she was a teenager on a geography field trip and she half-expected to see marching up and down the shore flinging his arms dramatically at the cliffs. So that was what the ship had done. She had been told by one of the women researchers that the ship knew where you wanted to be and Cecilia was certainly in England, admittedly on the wrong coast. But that was easily resolved. With the past dripping from her like the briny sea through which she had just swum to reach land Cecilia thought of the bright future that awaited her family. Caelius wouldn't like it but she really didn't care any more. It had been a long time since they were all together in Edgeford but it was something which was long overdue.
The chamber, deep in the Ministry of Magic was filling up quickly. It had always been the policy of the Ministry to insist department and cabinet meetings were held as dawn broke on whichever day that the meeting was scheduled, pleasant in the winter, when the sun lazily began to shine its rays half-heartedly across the country after eight in the morning. Tougher in the summer, like this morning, when the wizards had to attend, bleary-eyed at five in the morning. This morning was no exception. A bright August morning where a wizard would have to be blind to miss the brilliant sunshine seeping in behind even the densest of curtains and most were arriving resigned to the fact that the memorandum in their hearths late the previous evening was real and they would have to be getting up pretty early the following morning. Getting up was not the issue for Caelius. He knew he shouldn't really have been up all night, allowing the light to filter its way in through the darkness. He had had a few hours' sleep once Septimus had gone to bed but, how could he have given in to the luxury of relaxation when there was just so much to do? Hedgewards…the Conjurist attacks…increasing in their frequency and intensity…the disappearance of both Tabitha Penwright and, more worryingly (or more accountably), Cecilia Frobisher…Septimus and his impending departure to secondary school, wherever that might be…the Reciprocators…Sirius and his beloved brother Remus – "…Caelius?" A bulky wizard by the name of Rodolphus Lestrange stood next to him, his expression a mixture of anticipation and concern. He had worked with Rodolphus for so many years it was hard to determine and he knew that the question would have been worth hearing, if only for its small talk. He smiled at Rodolphus – how great, he had often thought, to be someone like him, a wizard so laid back he was almost horizontal, and to whom those gravest concerns that Caelius harboured would have been inconsequential. "Morning, Rod," Caelius sighed, feeling a little guilty that he hadn't been paying his old friend as much attention. "Are you OK?" he added, hoping Rodolphus would take pity on him and repeat what Caelius suspected to be a question his friend might have asked him. "Kay, you really don't seem yourself these days." Rodolphus turned him a little by the shoulder away from the ever-growing throng, his voice one of concern. "How are you keeping?" "Well, it had been difficult," Caelius admitted, nodding a little. He had known Rodolphus since their time together at Hedgewards. They had begun with enmity between them – how could they not, coming from Slytherin and Gryffindor? – but had become friends as they had progressed into their NEWT years and into the Ministry. Rod was dependable, responsible and laid back, naturally talented in civil service. The Ministry for Magic had sought him out for employment and he was probably one of their greatest assets. As head for the Department of Magical law-enforcement Caelius had been in frequent contact with Rodolphus Lestrange regarding conjurist activity. "We had our busiest night yet," Rodolphus continued, his arm around Caelius's shoulder as they moved round to the assembling wizards. Twenty for use of illegal spells, five for belligerent actions towards non-wizards and another two for illegally harbouring half-breeds." Caelius nodded slowly, trying not to flinch at the gnarled barb of a term for vampires, werewolves and the like, an ancient torment to him. He looked down to Rod's hand as he pressed the scrolls into Caelius's. "If you wish to interview any of them then you're more than welcome. And Bellatrix says you're more than welcome at our house for dinner tonight. And Septimus too. I expect he and Rufus would get om." Caelius smiled at his friend's attempts to entice him home, even mentioning the possibility of company for Septimus – Rufus was Rodolphus and Bellatrix's son, the same age as his nephew. Just as the thoughts of relaxing in good company, with the near-manic enthusiasm of Rodolphus's wife talking about sporting events, competitions, engagement of those less-than-sporty wizards and witches into team-building games, and so on, guilty thoughts of his brother lying there so ill in hospital…Septimus being minded by the Potters; so much work still to do…the worrying absence of both Tabitha Penwright and Cecilia Lupin…these wizards here to convince how dangerous this situation… Caelius looked around as the wizards began to take their seats and an air of anticipation growing as the formalities of greeting and small talk had been observed. "Floo me later?" Rodolphus clapped Caelius on the back and he nodded in his friend's direction in confirmation. As one of the most senior wizards there, with so many cabinet and ministerial wizards there Caelius was satisfied to see that the time he had been willing on to arrive the night before had come. He also knew what was at stake – if he did not share the multi-faceted situation with those present he would fail to convey the gravity of the situation. Even then, to reveal some of the sensitive pieces of information, would not be enough for some of them and Caelius also knew he risked belittling the situation if he did not convey the message succinctly. Nearly everyone was there now, arranged around two tables, one for the ministrial cabinet and the other for their departmental deputies. Lucius Malfoy, of the Hovel Office; Arthur Weasley, deputy to Mick Mullen in the Department of Established Magical Artefacts…this department's opposite, so to speak, was represented this morning, by the Unspeakable Simon Picklestree, a thin, dark-haired wizard, quick thinking but with an air about him that made Caelius think that should anyone cough too loudly or slam a door he would jump out of his skin. Unspeakable they were, as their unofficial name suggested, not because they were terrible, but because of their vow not to discuss their developments. As a result a section of the ministry had evolved who were deep in thought, were terrified by sudden loud noises and consequently not on this planet. No sign of Gregor, though. Not that Caelius was surprised. That was the role that every Unspeakable coveted though few attained. It took a special kind of wizard to be a Mysteriour, a special kind of mind, one which twisted away from regular logic, even from the call for sustenance or for sleep. As a result the Mysteriours had to adhere to a strict code of practice which made them take proper rests and eat properly, the latter of which Gregor took full advantage in the Ministerial canteen. He watched as Dave Mullen, Mick's twin; Hubert Hughes of Magical Transport and the Floo Network; Finn McCoal of the Department of Magical Creatures and Hestor Horsefeather of Horticulture Research. It was understood that, should a matter be highly pressing, meetings could be missed. He could hardly remember a meeting that Gregor had attended but, as the Head of Department of Mysteries, he could be forgiven for thinking that he had already missed the meeting ("4th August was a week last Thursday, surely?") or it was yet to come. Certainly at this particular moment, with things as sensitive as they were, Caelius would much prefer Gregor to be dong what he was skilled to do. "I will first of all thank you all for making the effort to attend this morning." As the doors closed to the chamber, Caelius rose and addressed the wizards. "It is indeed appreciated that you give up your time at such a time as this – " He saw the glazing of eyes as several of the more junior wizards switched off, but he persevered, " – unprecedented, troubling days which, with our intervention, co-operation and professional collective endeavour we, and we alone, are in the unique position to abate." "You see, we are under threat," he continued bluntly, "both from without and within. I would bring your attention to the agenda which should have arrived by Floo at your homes this morning." At three that morning. It had been a last-minute decision to add several of the items but, as events were moving at such a rate it had been unavoidable. "I would like to call the Right Honourable Lucius Malfoy to update us on the situation regarding the conjurists." Caelius looked at Malfoy, arcing his arm in the wizard's direction. Wordlessly, Lucius Malfoy swept to his feet, engaging the room charismatically as he smiled a little. "My dear colleagues…compatriots…friends..." Malfoy began to move to where Caelius had been standing and nodded towards him deferentially. "I have the responsibility of security in this land and it is my grave duty to inform you that the situation is as severe as our esteemed colleague has outlined. We know that the movement known as conjurists are well-established and organised, permeating each stratum of society, differentiated not by age nor gender." Around the table Lucius Malfoy began to pace and he outlined the cases that had been investigated by Aurors, the arrests and generally, the intelligence that had been procured. All of which, Caelius noticed, as Malfoy's message permeated even the sleepiest of mind, that no matter what the department, conjurists and their illegal activity was very much to do with them. "It is understood," Caelius concluded, "that my predecessor's brother has some connection to the conjurists in Britain. We have sure evidence of European influences to the coven meetings that have been infiltrated so far, both in literature distributed at the meetings and by evidence given by those conjurists arrested." Caelius glanced at Mick Mullen, head of the Auror department, magical law enforcement. With no need for further encouragement Mullen got to his feet and towered at nearly seven feet, naturally he would have people know, over the wizards in his locale. "Albus Dumbledore," he said simply. "Since his arrest and subsequent acquittal of crimes against humanity in 1997 his character has remained unblemished. But this has not prevented repeated conspiracy theories surfacing over the years connecting him, and his lover Grindelwald with everything from global warming to poor range and technical difficulties in the floo network." Hubert Hughes looked down and shuffled his feet as eyes pierced the air momentarily in his direction. "Which is why we must be careful not to band around his name in conjunction with the conjurists in Britain, so connected is he to those wizards of a similar bent on the continent. Unsubstantiatedly connected, I hasten to add." "What evidence do we have?" Malfoy smiled attentively towards Mick, who nodded at the legitimacy of the question on a delicate topic that he hoped would soon be at a close. "Testimonies. Evidence given by those who have been arrested for inflammatory attacks on non-wizards, those arrested for distributing material designed to incite violence and extreme behaviour towards non-wizards. As you know, we cannot legislate against thought – no government can – which is why covens in themselves are not illegal and cannot be made so. But outcomes decided at such meetings, as anywhere in the country…pubs…sports matches…homes, and so forth, can be. And there had been an increase in old potion-making, Auld Magic in spirit, which I believe Hestor is investigating?" He looked at the head of horticultural research who nodded her head fervently. A sight, little witch Hestor was introverted but resolutely dedicated to her job and she had spent night after night issuing writ after writ to chase every lawbreaker that crossed her department. "And there is the surge in the keeping of half-breed magical creatures but this, of course, is illegal. Finn?" Mick gestured towards the head of the department, who had recently been having trouble accommodating the growing number of half-breed magical creatures that had been seized. In fact, he gestured upwards for, taller even than he, at just over nine feet tall loomed loftier even than Mick. The half-giant smiled broadly, splitting his face coarsely in two as his eyes roamed over the other ministers, no less inconsequential in position but far more in stature. His position within the ministry was one which Caelius could not think of anyone better placed: born to a witch who had married a giant from the McCoal clan from Galloway Hills he was educated, magical and enough of a half-breed himself to appear as impartial as he actually was. Borne out by the statistics Caelius was more than confident in his assertion that Finn McCoal was the most successful leader the department had had, not least because the last three had been eaten by the very patients at St. Mungo's Vetinary Hospital that they were supposed to be supervising. In his deep Lowland gravelly voice, which boomed around the council chamber and threatened to take the elf-made tiles of the wall Finn McCoal detailed how he and his two deputies had removed the half-breeds from wizards which had so far been discovered and which awaited repatriation to Europe. Hope and confidence were in his tone and Caelius had no reason to doubt the sentiment. "Thank you Finn," concluded Caelius, standing back up as the half-giant thudded down onto the minute chair which was still, amazingly, holding his weight. As he glanced around the chamber he noticed the appearance of another wizard, another Mysteriour, probably sent in place of Gregor. He made a mental note to approach the thin, bushy-haired wizard whom he had long suspected of having some elf heritage somewhere along his genetic line. "Which comes to the work of Tabitha Penwright. Mr. Picklestree, may we call on you for your report?" From the table of deputies, for whom no head had, explainably, attended, the task now fell to the junior Unspeakable. Nervously, the wizard arose and, after fifteen minutes of stuttering pre-amble, after which those who had arrived awake to the meeting might well have been wanting to go to sleep, Simon turned the conversation to Tabitha. "…Tab…that is to say, Miss Penwright, er –" "Miss Penwright, yes," prompted Caelius. "Miss P..p..penwright…yes…well, we know she went behind the veil during her work on advanced commonality…" he gestured to a thick notebook on his desk, "…her research work says…that is to say, indicates – " the wizard gulped, beads of sweat appearing on his bright forehead. "Th…th…that was nearly three months ago, and – " "You've not heard from her yet," guessed Caelius, attempting to put the lad out of his misery. "And – " "Might I ask…? Mrs Lupin?" Lucius Malfoy's silky voice interrupted Caelius's flow and he stopped, smiling politely at him. "Indeed. As you will see on the agenda – " many of the wizards and witches turned to it analytically, this case is my next point." Caelius stood up again and began to pace before them. Whispers that had arisen died away as the most controversial connection to the government was about to be spoken about. "As you know Mrs Lupin is now carrying out ministerial orders in her hidden location." Hoping the economy of truth hadn't been conveyed, he added, "and has provided us with essential information, some of which has informed our policies of late." "So she continues to meddle in our affairs?" a voice rang out. Caelius searched the wizards until the outraged face of the one who had spoken stood out. Its owner, Hestor, scowled long and hard. Yes, mused Caelius, it was no wonder. Cecilia, just before he had sent her away following Aberforth's death, had made herself unpopular with the head of Horticultural Research by requesting samples of restricted plants and failing to do anything with them, allowing them to either be used up or carelessly discarding them at Hedgewards for them to be disposed of by the house imps. "Indeed, Hestor. Her work informs our very work. In fact were I not to have placed her, what we know of the conjurist movement would be sketchy at the very least." The witch's face remained resolutely displeased at the mention of Cecilia's name and Caelius deftly changed the subject. "Should we not take the advantage? More lives would be lost, more injured people, both non-wizards and wizards, for there are counter-attacks. Which is why I have proposed the change in rota for the Auror department to cover any lapse in duty times. You will notice, Mick, that each time period is now covered, with a shorter lunch break, but the time added on at the end of the day. Further, I have called for support from the Reciprocators for both defence and mediation support and I have assigned one to every shift." Mick Mullen was carefully studying the plan, a little wrinkle on his wide brow appearing as he read. "It is a decision which needs ratification, of course. I will call for the vote at the end of the meeting. And on a second matter, brought by the Prime Minister of the Other Chamber." That was the non-wizard prime minister, his counterpart in the government who was, at this very moment having a similar conversation with his cabinet. "To bring under regulation the Reciprocator movement." The pause was momentary and skilfully timed before Caelius moved onto the subject of practicalities of the Reciprocator role in before highlighting the rapidly-emerging danger to security within the Ministry from the use of pensieves for communication and the measures that were to be put in place by Hubert Hughes to prevent any breaches, hacking or otherwise opportunistic misuse of the Network.. The poor wizard had looked quite pale, Caelius thought to himself as the safety of the new devices was quickly aired. "And it is by such means that the conjurists are choosing to communicate. Mr. Hughes and his team are doing their utmost to trace illicit pensieve messages connected to conjurists but, as you can understand, the rate is slow, especially considering the upsurge in attacks on non-wizards. So, arise council," Caelius concluded commandingly, uttering the words needed to summon the members to the vote. From the chamber ceiling quills, ink and paper fluttered ethereally down. The wizards took theirs and scanned the papers. The assistance of the Reciprocators with the Aurors in an auxiliary role and the regulation in terms of Auror assistance for the Reciprocators and regulation for said organisation when carrying out the work of the government. The debate was short and, as the sun shone through the blinds, indicating the gloriousness of the summer' day that was to be upon them (the members got the day off if they were summoned early for a meeting). Tomorrow the departments would discuss the implications of the issued discussed on their own departments and strategies would be drawn up. But for now, what concerned Caelius was the vote. He didn't have long to wait and his resisting the urge to pace was duly rewarded. Almost universal acceptance for both proposals.
88888888 It had been fun, stopping with Sam. He always had fun at Grimmauld Place and the night before had been no exception. Mrs Potter had fussed over him, her cloak of red-auburn hair bouncing behind her as she called up the stairs for them both to come down for supper and Mr Potter had regaled them with stories of Hedgewards with Sam chipping in, about ghosts and teachers, mischievous behaviour and lessons. "Of course, it'll be a little different next year," Sam had commented, tucking into a slice of pork pie and adding it to his well topped-up plate and flicking his hair from his eyes, its hue the same as his mothers. "I don't know what subjects your uncle has in mind, but non-wizards are going to have difficulty with practical magic." "I think the plan is that the teachers will teach both, in the same classroom, so non-wizards understand," Mrs Potter had replied, offering salad and quiche to Septimus. He'd shaken his head – he'd had plenty and whoever was cooking at Grimmauld Place at any one time always catered for an army – and smiled, half-hoping that some pudding might arrive if he waited a little longer. At his mother's comment Sam looked at her agog. "Never!" He shook his head, and both his parents looked at him sharply. "What I mean is, what's the point? What will non-wizards get out of it? And it'll hold the wizards back." "Skilful teachers can manage," Mr Potter had replied, magicking away the dinner plates before his second son had a chance to reach for a third slice of Melton Mowbray's finest. It had been replaced, much to Septimus's happiness, with a trifle and jelly and ice cream. Just as Sam was about to dish out a helping the door sprang open and Kreacher, Sirius Black's house elf, bustled in with an armful of washing, nodded towards Mr and Mrs Potter, before scanning the table for crockery. "That, or Professor Snape will adjust the curriculum a little for all to learn. That's the overall aim, anyway." "You mean Severus," Sam had replied, serving out four bowls of jelly as Kreacher tutted at the lack of washing up before nodding at Septimus and bustling back out again. "ProfessorSnape," his father had corrected. "You're still at Hedgewards, son." "I mean – " Sam had taken a bite of jelly, ignoring Mr Potter's admonishment, " – how will – hmhm – " he had put down his spoon and swallowed, "how will everyone cope?" "They'll manage," Mrs Potter had said, brushing aside Sam's amateur attempts at educational policy. "This year is just a start. A few non-wizards, those who want to study. Perhaps those who have an eye on a job in the combined government and know that understanding of wizards will benefit them. Or children who have wizard friends." "Or those that just don't know." All three Potters had looked at Septimus, and he'd blushed and looked down at the table when he'd realised he'd spoken out. When no-one had spoken after a few moments Septimus looked at Mrs Potter. Her beautiful face, always smiling, always full of kindness and concern. So different to his own mum in so many ways, so…proper motherly, in the way Septimus had always thought mums to be like. "I don't know," he'd repeated, feeling that he'd counted the cherries enough times on his portion of delicious-looking trifle to be bold enough to explain. "I'm not very good at magic. And I didn't really ever want to go to Hedgewards, even though Dad wanted me to." Thinking about this part of the conversation, the part which burned brightest, like the midday sun that was now invading the windows of Uncle Kay's cottage, Septimus realised that, once he'd said it out loud he'd felt a lot better about things. Upset though he was that his father was so very poorly on each occasion he had visited the hospital with Caelius he'd felt a hollow dull ache in his stomach which had made him feel sick but now felt much better since the moment he'd told the Potters the night before. "Your Dad wants you to do what you want to do," Mrs Potter had said, and she'd smiled at Septimus. "He knew that you felt that you should go to Hedgewards, but he doesn't mind if you don't." The view of Helvellyn loomed bright and bold in the frame of the window as he remembered feeling so happy that Sam's mum had said that. His magic wasn't that good and he knew from Sam that wizards who weren't that good were bullied by those who were. He'd said as much in reply, then added, "but now I know that some non-wizards are going then – " "You'll be fine, Septimus," Sam had said, nudging him sharply on the arm as he scooped some ice-cream into his bowl. "I'll be there, as mum said. If you get any trouble you can always tell me. I'll sort them out. And, I'll teach you some more magic, if you like," he added quickly, before either of his parents had had the chance to reply. "You're getting pretty good." "I'd like to get my own wand though." Walking towards the stairs of the cottage Septimus wondered whether his friend Julian would be in – it would be a great day for grubbing outside, that was, exploring outside and hunting for creepy crawlies and the like. Foot on the first step Septimus began to ascend. Mr and Mrs Potter had nodded and smiled, as had Sam. None had commented and, Septimus knew, there was a reason for that. Mum. As pudding got eaten and Sam had joked with his dad at possible names for new subjects for both wizards and non-wizards to study at Hedgewards Septimus thought about his lack of wand. And now, upstairs and approaching his bedroom to find his boots and jacket, Septimus recalled what he had thought. Everyone knew his mum had refused to buy him a wand. She was missing, and dad was in hospital, and he felt a bit bad about thinking these thoughts again when neither parents were in a position to talk to, but he did feel annoyed about it. Even children from wizard families at his old school in Edgeford, who'd shown not one iota of magical talent had a wand. But not him. Mum had explained, and he knew that Dad had told the reciprocators that it had been at her insistence. No-one knew he had overheard but one night, when he had slept over at Grimmauld Place, just after mum had left for Durmstrang, he had told them, when Septimus had not been able to sleep and he'd been eavesdropping on the meeting. It sounded like something mum would have come up with. That he wasn't to be pushed in one direction or the other, neither to be a wizard nor a non-wizard. He should find his own path, and a wand would come in time if that was what skill he chose to develop. That was mum all over. To her, magic was a skill to be developed, to choose, or not. But why couldn't he have had a wand, just like the others? Pulling on his boots, one which he had found under his bed, the other behind his wardrobe (how had it got there?) he felt into his pocket for some floo powder. Not many non-wizards used the floo network, but his friend Julian's family did, mainly because it was the only way he and Julian could communicate. Caelius didn't have a phone and there was no mobile phone signal out here so it the Scotts had keenly allowed a link to be established just for him. He was lucky in so many ways, Septimus knew. He and Sam were close, like family and, since moving out to live with Uncle Kay with his dad when his mum had gone to Durmstrang, he had made a few friends at his new primary school. But he could do magic though only a little and, for such a small primary school, only three dozen children in total, that had won him interest, friendship and a little animosity. Leaving a quick message for Julian that he was going to "Hell and back" (i.e. Helvellyn) as the local saying went and he knew that if his friend was around he would come to find him. Probably armed with sandwiches, a flask, a bug net, two pots and magnifier, books and notebook. Julian Scott was nothing if unprepared. And, once he had been shopping to Diagonalley with Uncle Kay at the end of the holidays, he would have his new wand to try out, taking Sam's advice to practice with it outside, preferably miles away from anyone who might get angry at having their windows blown in. Taking the stairs two by two Septimus came to a halt at the bottom. It was the sight of the curtains, very old and with a completely unfashionable pattern on them. The last time he remembered how ugly they were was when his mum had been drawing them, at their last Christmas all together there, with his dad and Caelius too, nearly four years before. Mum. Sitting on the bottom step he looked at the window which had the misfortune to have these horrible things hanging either side of it. If only you were here, mum. Then I could explain that I want a wand because I really want to try out being a wizard. Not because I want to be a spoiled child, or defy you. "I do hope you'll come home soon." After a few minutes the sunlight drew his attention away from the young to-be wizard's happiest memories, of mum and dad sitting hand in hand on the equally disgusting wood-framed settee, listening to wizard radio and laughing at the late evening comedy shown being broadcast that Christmas night. He remembered all the details too, of his father holding his mum against him as she rested her naked feet on the wooden handrail. It wasn't like his mum to be so carefree though Septimus knew she could relax when she wanted to and he recalled Cecilia noticing him halfway down the stairs, calling him over before hugging her seven year old son close and telling him that they were going to have a lovely day out over the mountains to walk of that day's dinner before kissing Septimus on the cheek and shooing him upstairs. They'd gone to see Caelius every Christmas for as long as Septimus could remember. His mum had no family and they knew that they would always get a good welcome from Remus's brother, away from the hustle and bustle of Edgeford town. He knew how much his mum loved the open air around the cottage and it occurred to Septimus as he looked at the living room of his uncle's cottage, how similar he was to his mum in that he loved the outdoors, books and exploring, just like her. Mrs Potter might have been what Septimus expected a mum to be like, but she wasn't his mum. His mum. Cecilia Lupin. Mum, who would be in a world of her own, a happy place, where she was working something out, or thinking about a problem. His mum who, when he was with her, he was the only thing in her world, who had taught her so many things, about science, nature, space, natural history. Who told him stories when he was little, of a Harry Potter who had to be brave to fight an evil wizard, stories which he loved and where he couldn't' wait until the next night to find out some more. Who he knew, no matter what anyone said, wouldn't have been apart from him if she had a choice. That's why there was a part of him which felt a little glimmer of hope that, if she was missing, she might be on her way back to him. Being so close to nature, so different to the outdoors he had grown up with in Edgeford, meant that he didn't mind isolation. Septimus didn't recall much about his parents arguing although he remembered once his father shouting at his mum, accusing her of preferring to be on her own than with him, and of filling Septimus's head with what he called her "nonsense". Septimus's dad so rarely shouted that it had drawn his attention. But he remembered thinking that it was strange that his dad didn't understand that it was good to be on your own. It was when the most interesting thoughts could come to the surface of the mind. Getting to his feet Septimus approached the hearth to check the floo network to see if his message had been received at the Scott family home. Nothing. Perhaps they were out. If they were he knew Julian would come, fully laden, out to find him. Turning right, Septimus let himself into the sparsely-furnished kitchen, pacing quickly over the floor before pushing down on the handle of the back door. Closing it carefully (he had been the cause of the glass breaking more times than he could count when gusts of wind had taken the door out of his grip) he put across the latch, walked down the ancient wooden steps before treading softly onto the thin grass that carpeted the foreground of the cottage's land. The sun beat down on his face and Septimus smiled. Then frowned. How could he be so fortunate in some ways, and unfortunate in others? If only his dad was better, and his mum was there. He missed them so very much. But then, living here, people who he was with cared for him, and he had friends. Not much of a compensation for his absent parents, but it could be much worse, he knew. Sam was like a brother to him, a situation which had crossed his mind briefly when, the previous night, he'd whisked Septimus back upstairs for another game of draughts (when the pieces got jumped the square became an empty void and sucked it in; when one got crowned, a jewel-encrusted gold crown adorned the lucky wooden squat cylinder). He'd insisted that he should take Septimus back to the cottage that morning too, after breakfast, waiting with him far longer than necessary, talking to him about Hedgewards and how brave both his Dad and his Mum were. Perhaps because he was so used to pleasing himself as to how he spent his time Septimus felt the situation a little strange and he strongly suspected that Mrs Potter had insisted Sam stay. Stepping out over the hardy peaty ground Septimus extended the notion past Sam. He knew Harry Potter, of course, not only from his mother's stories but because he had met the wizard several times. His father had been friends with Harry's father, and Sirius Black and Peter Pettigrew at school and he had often gone with his father back to the Grim Old Place when his mother had been away teaching, much to his mother's subsequent annoyance. The Grim Old Place. That's what mum called it, as a joke originally, because she felt it was no place for Septimus. But his father felt differently. Remus, Septimus knew, felt that he should get as much experience of wizard life as he could, arguing with his mother that, were Septimus to be in a position to choose his future, as she so often insisted should be his right path, he needed to know what he was choosing between. It was ironic that it was at Grimmauld Place that Septimus, nearly four years before, at Christmas, last remembered his parents being happy together. It was getting dark when Septimus and Julian made their way back from the summit of this famous mountain. Hours had passed like minutes from the moment his best friend ran, fully laden, panting and perspiring, up the scree and shouting at the top of his voice to Septimus. Between them they fished, collected innumerate invertebrates (duly recorded and catalogued with no better than an unsharpened Keswick 2B), looked at the trees, scampered up many, ate quantities of sandwiches provided by Julian's mum, supped crystal clear spring water…all in all indulged in a most brilliant day. Hunger growling, Septimus pulled on the kitchen door handle, leaning back slightly as he watched Julian stroll over the grass towards home. He was one reason why he would have liked not to go to Hedgewards, to go to the Penrith secondary school that Julian was going to go to. Septimus would miss his best friend. "Uncle Kay?" Septimus leaned around the stair-banister and shouted upstairs in the hope that his uncle would be home that night. Though Uncle Caelius thought he wasn't much company for his nephew Septimus would be the first to deny it. He liked spending time with his uncle, he liked hearing about things that went on in the Government building. No. He wasn't in. Perhaps after a bath and some food he might come home. Otherwise it was Radio Cumbria or Midshipman Quinn in Showell Styles's compendium of sea stories. Just as he had put a foot on the bottom stair a crackle in the hearth drew his attention. "Uncle Kay?" No. No-one was arriving by floo, by the look of it. Septimus hurried towards the grate to see who was appearing, but no lurid green face crackled back expectantly. Hope fading replaced by thoughts of cheese on toast Septimus began to walk back towards the stairs. But a crackle and then a snap drew the boy's attention again. And then a voice sounded out from the hearth. It stopped almost as suddenly as it had begun. Septimus, from his frozen position half way up the stairs, returned to the chimney and looked at it again. The voice was clear and true, it had spoken English with a foreign accent and it had sounded like a woman. But on inspection of the grate there was no image there. "Hello?" He looked around the blackened hearth for a clue to the utterer. And then the hearth sparked unexpectedly again. The image of a woman, her hair scraped back into a bun, middle aged and thin, high cheekbones and pale eyes, stared back at Septimus. "Hello?" he asked again, but then the boy realised he was talking to a floo recording, a message left in the grate for its intended recipient. Strange. Stored messages only usually replayed when the person they were for was present and the woman had clearly mentioned Caelius. "Following your last communication, Caelius Lupin," the woman spoke deliberately and slowly, as if reading English from paper and wished to make sure her words were understood, the words echoing around the cottage's living room, "there has still, as yet, been no communication from your agent Cecilia Lupin. Nor have I found where she might have gone. I have no evidence that so-called conjurists are involved. I am most concerned about her disappearance and assure you, Mr Lupin, that I will do what I can to discover her whereabouts – " The words broke off and the woman turned quickly to look behind her before fading. Septimus sat down on the floor and stared into the blackness again. Who was that? Someone who knew his mother, clearly, and was concerned about her being missing. The woman practically spat the word "conjurists". And what did she mean by agent Cecilia Frobisher? He leaned forward and reached for the floo powder in the holder to the left of the still-unilluminated hearth – the woman hadn't returned to repeat again her strange message – and threw in a handful. "Grimmauld Place, second room, second floor." The location specified which grate in which his head would appear, in this case Sam's temporary room at Grimmauld Place, where he had stopped the night before. "Hello?" The familiar reply to sparks now crackling in a hearth indicated to Septimus that he was connected to the grate and he looked around, through the greenish haze, at the furniture, chair, table, wizard chess and wizard draughts boards, still in the same place, abandoned on the floor by the room. A figure came into view. Sam. He'd be able to help, he could talk to Sam. But instead his brother Harry's face smiled expectantly at him. "Septimus! Are you looking for Sam? He's out, I'm afraid, with Crystallia." There was a pause. When Septimus didn't say his goodbyes, the pause became ever so slightly awkward and Harry added, "is there anything I can help you with?" "Have you seen my Uncle?" Septimus's voice had become quavery and weak, and he hoped that he wasn't going to cry. "He's not with you? Caelius?" Septimus shook his head. "Look, I'll come over," said Harry, "sit back, I'll be there in a moment." Septimus shuffled back, just in time too as the wizard exploded onto the hearthrug seconds after he'd vacated it. "Did you have fun last night?" Harry tried the safer course of conversation, considering the lad looked as if he was about to burst into tears. He liked Septimus and, like his mum, felt sorry for him, being left so often by Caelius, and having no family to be with. The small talk continued when Sam had come down from his bath and Harry had made him shepherd's pie and vegetables and, while Septimus was grateful that he had some company and someone to make him tea, he'd rather had his mind set on cheese on toast. "I've floo'd Caelius, and he will be home later, " said Harry, joining Septimus at the kitchen table with the dinner. "I'll stay with you until he gets here." Septimus nodded between mouthfuls. He was grateful for company, but he'd have much preferred to talk to Sam. Harry was a grown-up, and grown-ups just weren't as much fun. "Did you watch the game the other night? The semi-final?" It took Septimus a few moments to realise that Harry was talking about quidditch – the football season didn't start until September – and shook his head. "Of course," Harry said conversationally, "you follow the footy, don't you? I remember someone I went to Hedgewards with supported a London team. Chelsea, I think, or it could have been Arsenal." "It's Aston Villa for me," said Septimus, "but that's only because I thought it sounded like ice cream when I was little!" "Are you ok now?" Harry asked, as he magicked away the crockery when Septimus had finished his blancmange pudding. Septimus had relayed the message to Harry and asked what the woman might have meant by "agent" when talking about his mum. "Was she a spy?" he pressed. "I don't know, Septimus. You'd be better off asking your uncle. But what I do know is that Cecilia wouldn't do anything unless it was for you, in the long run." "So you don't think she's bad, then?" Harry sighed. Was he ever like that, eleven, with a black-and-white view of the world? "I think your mother does what she does for your sake. And wherever she is right now, she's trying to do it for you. I'm not saying her decisions have been popular, but she's your mum, and nothing will take that away from you." "Harry," said Septimus, still sitting on the kitchen chair, his eyes wide and earnest. "I'm scared. I'm scared about mum being lost, and I'm scared about dad being in hospital. I'm not supposed to know that he's been bitten by a vampire, but I do, and I know that no-one has found a cure for it yet. And I miss them, Freya too." He turned away, not meaning to have said all that he'd done. When he looked back at Harry the wizard was smiling. "'Course you do, they're your family. Look, Septimus, I can't tell you that all your worries will go away, because no-one can promise that. But have faith. Your mum'll come back to you, that's what mothers do. Well, that's what mine does!" He laughed, hoping to lighten the mood. When Septimus failed to smile Harry swallowed, a little awkwardly. He'd only popped into Grimmauld Place for a moment on his way home. He'd left a message for Hermione, but he knew she'd still be annoyed with him. He certainly hadn't banked on counselling a distraught child. "And as for your dad, we've got the best mind working on it. You know Professor Snape, don't you?" Septimus nodded. That terror-inducing figure, looking high and with a chilling voice. "If he can't help your dad, no-one can. No, look, what I meant was – " Harry added, seeing Septimus's horrified face. "He's got the most brilliant mind on the planet. He's probably even now in the potions classroom at Hedgewards working on an antidote." Half an hour, a chat about the ministry, Hedgewards and three games of wizard chess later Harry Potter shooed the reluctant Septimus Lupin upstairs and off to bed. He switched on the radio and waited for Caelius to return. 88888888 Severus Snape, Headmaster of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and joint head of the Reciprocator movement with Caelius Lupin was not in fact in the potions classroom. He had been working on a vampire antidote, but the brew would take days to distil to obtain the complicated and low-yield compound that he suspected would be required. Not that he had to rush – nothing could be done until Remus Lupin regained consciousness. And who knew when that would be? A nurse-healer from St. Mungo's, Snape knew, would floo him the moment any change occurred to Lupin's condition. Until then the effort in making the blend would be wasted. Not that he didn't care, but there were more pressing matters to attend to, such as, in less than a month's time he might be knee deep in non-wizards without a viable curriculum and adequate provision for them. Would it work? Were it up to him Snape knew he would never have proposed it, not least presided over the execution of admission of non-wizards to Hedgewards. The notion to his mind appear preposterous. But that was politics, he knew. However it wasn't politicians who had to wrestle with wizard-non-wizard teaching strategies, accommodation, pedagogy and – he raised his eyebrows – training of staff. It was the last point that was giving him the most horror, contemplating training the school's professors, some of whom had difficulty in even grasping the idea that there were actually such people as non-wizards. As to whether it would work or not, that was an irrelevant question. It had to. He just hoped that the experiment into childrens' education didn't end badly, for the children at any rate. Turning to the grate he cast his wand at it and instantly came into view Septimus Lupin's bedroom. A book lay open on the covers as the boy cuddled up under his sheets and blanket. It had to work for him, and not only the non-wizard Hedgewards policy. He had seen him on many a night, reading, or playing wizard playing-card solitare, laughing as the suits argued with one another over the rules, smile at his uncle as he relayed a story about the government's post imps or just simply amusing himself with the radio, trying to tune it into a popular station with music that appealed to him before cursing and singing along to a 1960s soul track. He owed Cecilia, that's why he kept an eye on her son. His view had been obscured by an incoming message for, presumably, Caelius, that evening but Snape had seen the lad go out, and then back in again hours later. What changes that he was contemplating right now would affect him? Which would affect any of the children? Perhaps he should never have cut off Cecilia like he did. Had he remained in contact he could have reassured her that what she was doing was worthwhile in the end, even though she had been forced and blackmailed into her position at Durmstrang. Perhaps Septimus would not be so anxious. Perhaps, even, Remus might not have been coerced by Sirius into the dangerous reciprocator role that they had undertaken. Poor Lupin, trying to impress. That, or not caring for his safety. And of course there was Caelius, a gentle, introverted soul, a consummate politician. Snape knew too that his spell would be working, that Cecilia's diary, hidden by her own hand in plain sight on blank paper would begin to reveal itself and with it, her innermost private thoughts, feelings, joys and despairs. How apt that it had begun to do so now when she was in danger. It could almost have been planned. Poor woman. Deluded, yes. But brilliant. How could anyone believe, unless so naïve or self-important, that she was here to save the world? But, of course, Caelius could not risk that, not when his plans were unfolding so well. Snape shook his head as he looked again at the timetabling nightmare that was before him, in ink-black and parchment. What had she been sent to Durmstrang for anyway, other than to collect information for her brother-in-law to further his espionage and develop his political credibility? And was he, Severus Snape, any less to blame for allowing it to happen, for the ultimate good of an organisation he had long since lost faith in, thanks to the current incumbents? Cecilia, despite her personality, and subsequent clashes with the Reciprocators, did not deserve to be treated as she had been, ultimately crushed from within by the destructive elements that existed within the Reciprocator movement so that she ended up hating herself for being, well, Cecilia. At least, he knew, her biggest tormentor was no more. How Severus Snape knew that was another matter entirely. He had had little choice over the course of action that Caelius took but how he treated her subsequently he did have a choice over. She had come from a world unlike this one, terrorised and at war. Of course it was hard to let go of that mentality when people around her here did not understand, when the world was so unlike the one she had left. For now, at least, until the conjurists got their way, particularly Aberforth's brother. He glanced at the ex-headmaster, snoozing in his frame. Well, it was four in the morning, and one could hardly expect even former headmasters to be awake all night as well as all day. Cecilia. Would she ever forgive him? Snape's gaze slid in the direction of the most recent imported conjurist pamphlet. Auld magic. Wize art. It was clever, too clever. It was unlikely that she would live long enough, once she knew if they had her yet, for forgiveness to even cross her mind. Pushing aside the pamphlet, and the timetable too Snape paced his office. In his own way Caelius was as much of a traitor to them all as they perceived Cecilia to be. Aberforth knew it which is why both he and Caelius both succeeded as head of the movement jointly. It was a decision that still, more than two years on, sat bitterly with Caelius Lupin. Aberforth knew, as Snape did, that the politician within Septimus's Uncle Kay would sell them all to evil if it incited popularity. He closed the floo. Septimus was safe, for now. Caelius had returned, relieving Harry of reluctant babysitter and left again, with a security spell on the perimeter of the cottage. While Caelius was his uncle he didn't necessarily have the aptitude and common sense for caring for a child, leaving him to fend for himself a little too often for Snape's liking. What would it be like once things began to move in quite the opposite direction? If they all had to work much harder for the sake of the Ministry, as Caelius was increasingly proposing? James of course, would be first in line to attack Caelius Lupin; he knew James Potter distrusted Caelius as much as Snape did. But did Potter have enough in him to be an effective replacement were he to stage the mutiny that he nursed. And it wasn't as if the Reciprocators didn't know what was going on with the lad, rather they ignored it as things were going well for them. They tried to help Septimus to ease their consciences. But it would help them all if someone would only be willing to mend the rift to between them and Cecilia. Far better to have Septimus here if his mother had not been discovered before the start of term. At least that might atone a little for his treatment of her. But such charity didn't exist in any of their characters, Snape observed of the Reciprocators. Bar one, who had been missing far too long for Snape's liking, but necessarily so. Tabitha. Dear Tabitha. At the thought of her vital mission he turned the image of his former girlfriend over in his mind. Where was she, at the moment? Not dead, of that he was certain. But…not here. He had loved her, in his own way, not romantic, all-consuming passion but love that was deep all the same. Admiration of a beautiful mind, of someone who was whole when she worked, when she was with the mysteries. Like a key in the lock. Another piece of the puzzle. And now, crucially…gone. And then there was Harry. It had been a gamble, Snape had to admit, leaving the documents, journals and books with him, especially considering the risks he had taken in obtaining them when Cecilia Lupin thought she had burned them. They had been blank too and it had taken intricate magic to turn them into a tool that would save her. Another gamble had been that Harry was the one who would be able to reveal their well-hidden secrets. Harry was the one, of that Snape was certain. But all this would come to pass, in time. People would play their part and it would come together. Gellert Grindelwald was not the only one to boast infinite patience. Cecilia, where are you? And do you know you've been treated so cruelly? Banishing emotion again as the sun began to illuminate the room, Snape sat at his desk and began the unenviable task of drafting what he would say at the staff meeting in five hours' time.
88888888 The road over limestone hills stretched out weaving like wool through a tapestry. A glorious day and Cecilia Frobisher was in no hurry. She knew it would take her several days to cross the width of Northern England to Cumbria. That was, if she were to walk and walk with no so stopping. Mrs Frobisher. There was a large part of her that still thought of Cecilia who thought herself as her former married name. She had used it as a form of defence when she had been sent to that isolated, rocky prison also known as Durmstrang Institute, addressing herself in this manner when she was trying to compose her thoughts. She had sneaked into a chain hotel by stealing the uniform of a cleaner, liberating a key from an unoccupied room and a gloriously comfortable night in comparative luxury, having used the bathroom and room service facilities. Cecilia had nearly been caught too, the next morning but had been on her knees groping for a banknote that she had spied by the bed leg and had been mistaken for cleaning up. A close shave there led Cecilia out onto the fore-moorland of Ugthorpe before following the footpaths in the direction of Westerdale on the coast-to-coast route, a place she and Septimus had visited when he had been seven to see a quidditch tournament. The terrain was rough going but Cecilia knew that the chances of her being intercepted by the Mnistry were far fewer in places such as this. She also knew that, once she had descended the sudden steep slope of the Western Yorkshire Moors, descending into the Yorkshire village of Osmotherly where the landscape flattened quickly. Tough going thought the day had been thoughts of Septimus and her own resilience, having traipsed the Lake District's mighty hills and mountains when she had felt particularly low. Her pace slowed over the next few days and thoughts of Scarborough hotel's comparative luxury dwelt in Cecilia's mind when she entered a supermarket at closing time and managed to liberate that days' bread and chicken from the trolleys destined for the recycling. She had then spent the night in a greenhouse belonging to a house just outside Northallerton, and spent the subsequent few days, because of the inclement weather, between the local swimming pool for means of hygiene, the library and the aforementioned supermarket was relieved of a few of its sale garments in exchange for her own. It was necessary, Ceciia thought guiltily, as she pulled on cheap jeans and a men's t-shirt that was miles too big for her. How else would I survive and get to Septimus without the Ministry knowing where I am. It wasn't a case which her conscience wholly bought and Cecilia made up her mind to reimburse people and businesses when she could. Almost a week after landing at Scarborough Cecilia had reached the Yorkshire Dales, having spent an entertaining afternoon around the castle at Richmond where she found herself lumped in with a coach party and had been given a small piece of cake and tea at the end of the tour, welcome indeed, if unexpected, she had chanced upon a holiday home which was apparently vacant. Vacant that was until she sneaked in through the back door by means of a little, well, not breaking as such – twisting and unscrewing – and entering. Now, crossing the Dales, the beautiful "God's own country" so-christened by Yorkshire folk, tears sprang to her eyes for shame, shame that she had to abuse some poor innocent person's house, the guilt still on her mind despite washing up everything scrupulously and putting on the bedclothes. Shame, too, that she was trying to convince herself hat her actions were entirely for the sake of Septimus. She would pay back, when she could, she swore it. But it didn't stop her thinking how devastated the owner would be to know that their house had been entered even if the intruder had been tidy. How could she justify it to herself when it was just her pride she was serving, when she could just contact Caelius or the Ministry, even if they would just take her away. Now, having followed the river Swalen, in two-day-old jeans and raggedy t-shirt Cecilia sat on a tarn, or what would be a tarn were she in Cumbria, and surveyed the gorgeous, rolling countryside. She had slept out on the dale the night before, in a leeward shelter close to Keld. She wasn't far from Caelius's cottage – sometimes she had trouble thinking that it belonged to Remus's brother, and despite having spent only a short time living with Remus in her old world, continued to think of it as belonging to the now-younger Lupin brother. As she took in the andscape again Cecilia ran over the plan in her head again. She estimated that she would be back with Septimus before the end of the month, and there was no way she was prepared to see him looking like that. Further disrespect, theft and deception to come. But she would, would see those she could right, for Septimus's sake. "For your sake, son," Cecilia said aloud as she lay on her back, her short hair flattening as she lay back with her hands interlocked under her head. "For you, little Tim." But not for Remus, though. She closed her eyes, allowing the warmth of the sun to radiate around her, to warm her, to help her relax. To dry the tears that, unbidden, she was huffing in deep spbs from her body, her eyes stinging and her nose bemucused. When had it been when she realised that she should never have been with the Remus that lived in this reality? Cecilia wiped her face with her sleeve as the anaesthesia of damp emotion. Why had she never seen it? Marry in haste, or so they said, repent at leisure? Well she had had plenty of time to do that. It wasn't that she didn't love, or at least care him. He was what she had been striving for for her Remus in the Old Place after all. But she loved the version of Remus that he was not, the version who was in the other dimension, the other past and nothing could be done for it. And from there it had become even more complicated. Cecilia had got pregnant with Septimus possibly even before they were married. Indeed, it was barely nine months until she was in labour with him…so very quick. And what had she done with her time? Whiled what she had spare away writing down everything she remembered from the old place, into a stupid book. Pranced around as if she had the answers to everything, with arrogant omniscience. She had believed Aberforth when he had said it would be cathartic: it had been entirely the opposite for it had caused her to dwell even more on the past that wasn't, like a pin in her mind. His prediction even that her residual memory would eventually fade appeared to be wholly incorrect too. She opened her eyes to catch sight of a flicker, a whisper of a ghost of a thing pass before her, as if taken unawares by her sudden move. Another zipped past furiously. Would he even want to see her, her son? Would he forgive her for leaving? Or would he understand, and just be her lovely, loving, thoughtful, bright, wonderful son? Batting her hand around as another bright fleeting annoying insect darted close to her ear. Wiping the latter of her tears on the back of her hand Cecilia looked to the west. She was still Going to take days to get back to Rem – thecottage. It was still a good fifty miles from here and she was desperate not to be found out before she got to see Septimus, at least. Cecilia needed to be patient, she knew, something she wasn't very good at. A growl of an engine brought Cecilia back to the present. She leaned forward as a bus, groaning with the effort of the hill, struggled to the summit, the driver crunching the gears as he sought to correct the misjudged gear changes he had made lower down the hill. She would walk, then, if she must. Fifty miles, and she would be back within a few days. She could steal comfort where she could, though to be honest, Cecilia silently admitted, the weather was such that sleeping outdoors and eating the small bilberries and wild strawberries that she had found would not be such a hardship. Her place here, in this version of reality, should have been ideal. Here there was little conflict between wizards and non-wizards, co-operation and openness were not so much watchwords but ways of life. Which made the recent, and sudden, rising in magical fundamentalism very worrying, to those here. But she had dreamed it all, hadn't she, according to anyone here wishing to judge her work published just over a decade ago. Even the floo powder, adapted as it had been in the other place and used, brought with her in her pocket, with great effect by Cecilia herself, sparingly however, had been deemed suspicious by the ministry. What hadn't come to that? So much of what she did – whoshewas – had been subject to hostile scrutiny. Perhaps she should have punched the lot of them when she had emerged from behind the veil, Cecilia mused to herself as she recalled the moment she had seen the dark furnishings that were the Department of Mysteries and the other unfortunate minister wholly recognisable as the Death Eater Lucius Malfoy who, unbeknownst to her, was the Right Honourable Lord Sir Lucius Malfoy, BA. He hadn't deserved he punch she had landed on his right cheek, cracking against his bone, though Cecilia had felt that he had done. More amazing too than the humble, Lucius Malfoy as a pillar of society and not a right-wing bone in his body, here Tom Riddle was nothing more than a very pleasant old man working with the Ministry also. He had died just before Aberforth Dumbledore and she had attended his funeral. As the silence returned to her hilltop pause Cecilia thought about the terror and horror in the old world. Oh, it had all been going so well...how had it come to this, though, such poor treatment now. How many people really cared about her whereabouts? Who did she want to, really? Only one. Only Septimus. She was going to be with Septimus, where she should have been all along. A part of her was angry with Caelius for telling her to go but also annoyed with herself for being cowed and bossed around by him. She had the strength this time, with her husband and her son. She and Remus would live a happy life, she would work to do anything to support her family, take a step back from Hedgewards and magic and science. Sitting up Cecilia stared into the cloudless sky. Why was it that she remembered the old place so well? Parts of it were not from her mind as often as daily – surely by now she would have forgotten a little at least? The cottage here was in appearance just what she remembered leaving, in great haste, taken by Severus Snape to a place of so-called safety. Her one regret, pricking her conscience as she got to her feet, glorying in the hot midday sunshine, was her confrontation with Freya. She should have been the adult, after all, and she had taken her in because she had been orphaned by what turned out to be one of the first conjurist attacks, Cecilia had later found out. She should never have put herself into such a situation. Cecilia smiled to herself, then frowned as a couple more little flies flitted past her head. She wished these tiny winged things would go away. Cecilia quickened her pace as she followed the contours of the hill's plateau. She was determined to be humble, to accept she had been wrong. But no more than that, a small portion of her mind shouted into her fore-mind. With the beautiful scenery of the Lake District still to come and her mind fixed on Septimus again. 88888888 More pamphlets. The wizard in charge of organising this month's coven looked around. It was getting dusk, despite the fact it was still rather late. He had been to a meeting with other conjurists from around the country with Albus Dumbledore no less. And in a few moments the local conjurists would be descending, talking, demanding, speaking and listening. Even listening to him when he recounted how fantastic it felt standing in the presence of such a powerful, influential wizard. He had, like the others, collected a bundle of pamphlets. Dumbledore was calling for more direct action, something that several of the wizards who would shortly be attending, would be very pleased to hear. And, of course, he had the Untraceable spell, given to him by Albus himself, which destroyed temporarily, the ability not trace the wand. The man stroked his thin face with his fingers thoughtfully. At last, he had something valuable to compensate for all those times that he had been overlooked, part of the coven furniture. "How fares our plan?" Dumbledore had started with that opening line to the conjurist ambassadors and the wizard looked around at the empty hillock just North of Skipton. He would use it too. He had spoken about their task, unique and vital. He spoke about solidarity and ideological union. The great Dumbledore had also spoken about the pensieves too, how they could be adapted to also be untraceable. "All the memories are available still, hidden deep and accessable only with this pass spell – " he'd transferred it " – and stored, along with those from the afterworld, in the Prime Pensieve." What wasthat again? The wizard had to admit his mind had been wandering by that point. "All of the spells transferred here are secure," Dumbledore had qualified, slowly and clearly, conveying patience and calm. The ambassadors had felt at ease too. The wizard looked up just as a train of wizards were proceeding up the hill. All was open to interpretation too. The evening would be fruitful, true to the cause. And entertaining. 88888888 Memories. Another point of view should be mentioned here. Here…where memories had dimensions, where time meant nothing. Nothing too were those needs dependent on time, sleep, hunger… Tabitha Penwright would not have even begun to guess how long she had been behind the veil, even if she felt compelled to. The memories hummed, as if tuning up, vibrating as they shifted position, changed shape, dissolved and remade connections, at random. She felt qualified enough to justify the last conjecture. From her, well, her life's work of this particular mystery, she was yet to find any pattern in their connections. Not time (as the outside world would have it), people, place, events…none of these factors made a difference to their unions. To day Tabitha felt at home behind the veil was almost certainly true. To say it was her home was probably closer to the truth. The memories were her family, she felt as connected to them as if she were one herself. Not one person in the world knew as much about the memories behind the veil as she did, not one person could understand as she did. Even the remarkable Severus Snape had his limits. Dipping her head into a cloud Tabitha spied some lovely lunch on a table in someone's memory. Clearly they'd remembered a lovely feast, and quite a bit of detail too. Sandwiches, with garnish, tea, fruitcake. So often Tabitha came across a blur on the table, or in someone's hand, where the detail of the meal had been lost. She stepped inside and relieved the plate of a half sandwich. While she felt no hunger Tabitha still had to eat, and rest and sleep too. Oh, the tales she could tell about dormusinterruptus! Tabitha had done what she was supposed to do now, and she had probably spent enough time enjoying herself with the memories. But to destroy it? Could she do it? Between bites as she sat at the table, Tabitha thought back to Snape. He had been angry that Caelius had sent her, but she didn't mind, she knew that she would have done it no matter who had asked her. For it was the mystery of mysteries, it was her life's work. There was nothing more important, more significant, to her or any Mysteriour than to understand the inner workings beyond the veil. There was no question that she would have gone behind it, sooner or later. Whether she would be able to go back, that was another one. Who knew? Besides, she had another task to complete while she was there. Another bite, the rind of bacon – tasty – entered her mouth and from the corner of her eye Tabitha saw who someone she guessed was probably the original owner of the memories (memories behind the veil belonged to the Ministry. Taking another bite before discarding the crust, and diving upwards and back out Tabitha thought back to Severus again, turning her back on the bewildered behaviour of the memory-owner, presumably at their missing sandwich. She had enjoyed his company, of that there was no doubt. Whether they were a couple in the traditional sense, she didn't know. But she needed more, more of something he couldn't give her. She was part of the mysteries there…she knew that in a relationship the other person was supposed to be the most important part. But how could anyone alive be as important as the veil? It was like comparing brass to gold. As she drifted over to investigate another group of memories Tabitha didn't notice more memories appear, and immediately integrate themselves into the infinite mass. 88888888 "But the lad was on his own, Hermione," Harry protested, justifying his late arrival back home. "He was trying to get hold of my stupid brother. He's lost his mum, and Caelius wasn't there again. Nor were you. I didn't think you'd mind." Ten days after holidaying in Strasbourg, enjoying the quidditch with Ron and becoming totally bemused about the blank paged books that arrived at home addressed to him Harry felt like he had never been away. Though the summer he was especially busy and Hermione working most evenings had left him with time on his hands to think. Always a dangerous idea. "It's not our problem Harry," Hermione scolded. "Especially anything to do with Cecilia Lupin. I do feel sorry for Septimus, I really do. It was bad enough having to relieve her mental stories when it arrived in the house." Harry looked around hoping his guilt was not evident on his face. "Speaking of the books – " Harry began to change the subject. "Threw them out," Hermione concluded simply, returning to the housework spells, speeding up the ironing one and finishing the washing up one. At least she talked about what she got up to at work, Harry thought, recalling their earlier conversation when Hermione talked about relating back to the meeting she had been called into at the last moment. "Otherwise I would have been home earlier." "Otherwise you would have been even more annoyed with me," Harry added quietly. "What was that, Harry?" "Nothing. I was just thinking. Would you like a coffee? You need to relax a bit this evening; you spent rather a lot of time up last night." To his surprise, instead of protesting herself Hermione nodded. "You're right. I've been working pretty hard She flopped down on the settee next to Harry, snuggling into him. Harry sighed. It was not as if he didn't have ambition. He just wanted to work to support his family. Hermione on the other hand, was the epitome of ambitious, her actions driven by performance management, other ministers, policies. Driven, to the most part, by Hermione. It was something Harry deeply admired and loved her. He just wished she wasn't so dismissive with his ideas. "We've nearly finished the European office clear-out," Hermione said, for the fourth time that evening. When she and other ministers had discovered which ministers were conjurists and who had been involved in conjurist activity. "Even saw Draco Malfoy walk down the corridor. You know? Old Lucius's son?" Harry nodded and smiled, his eyes fixed on the television screen. We never found Henrietta though," she added in dismay. "You'd think, she'd be there. That's what her spell says about where she was. Strasbourg." Harry smiled, and hugged Hermione hard. "The youngest President," Hermione continued. "Henrietta?" "No silly!" Hermione looked up to Harry and nudged him in the ribs. Harry smirked. "She laid into Mrs Lupin a bit," Harry replied. When Hermione said nothing Harry settled down and lapsed into silence too. A very able, assertive – bordering on the aggressive – witch, with bags of confidence, such a go-getter. Hermione admired her as one of the best politicians in Europe. "A film? Or some television?" Harry used his wand to operate the interactive satellite channel receiver as Hermione yawned. "A bath, I think. Then a film? You fancied the Star Wars trilogy, you said." "So I did," replied Harry, kissing Hermione on the top of her head. "I know, I'll sort dinner, you have a bath and we can watch something when you come down. "Something's going to kick off," Hermione added as she got to her feet. Harry looked at her quizzically. "In the ministry. It feels different there." "And if it does, it does." I'm not getting involved in a debate thought Harry. The last time he had tried to debate with Hermione in the uneasy mood she was in resulted in a tense two hours of strained conversation. And I'm not going to mention the books, even though they hadn't been Hermione's to threw away. In the dark recesses of the pile of two-week old newspapers that had been left in his case and taken the round trip to Strasbourg with them. Later, Harry would find the books, sandwiched as they were in holiday form, balled up, bulging, and generally looking worse than they had done the day they had been delivered. Despite reading it Harry decided against sharing what he had read with Hermione.
88888888 It was mid-August. The high sun, though waning in its arc, was still intense and strong. A lazy day amongst lazy summer days, where the heat of the daytime was absorbed by the earth and radiated, baking the inhabitants of the country and prompting sales of ice-creams, sunglasses and electric fans. The glorious twelfth. Or, mused the wizard, the Glorious Twelfth, or so it was to non-wizard, upper class toffs with lots of land and money and time on their hands. Not so glorious for the grouse. The wizard crossed to the higher peak of the tor. Around him, below, walkers (or rather, staggerers in the heat) made their way back to their temporary abodes, having "done" the Yorkshire Dales. Too far away to be noticed. But, just to be sure, the wizard cast a disillusionment charm. He sat down on his haunches. It would be a long wait, he knew. The so-called Conjurists, would be here, in a few hours. But he had to be sure of what was going on, for the sake of Auld Magic, both the twisted interpretation promoted by the conjurists and the kneejerk, ignorant reaction to the former by the government. It wasn't going to be so unpleasant, waiting here. At least it wasn't raining. The users of Auld magic, heathen magic, that of the earth, had been what the druids had originally practised, and before, the wise men in the first community in the world, who listened, or had been more attuned to, the nuances and subtleties of nature and the world. The resurgence in recent years, across Europe, and England, especially in the North, was unsurprising – who didn't want to reconnect with their past and redefine themselves? Especially when a person or community felt that their identity was threatened. The wizard cast his eye down again. From here he could see a couple of hardy coast-to-coasters making their way backwards, towards the Cumbrian coastline, busy in their pursuit and unlikely to make a glance upwards. Not that he would be seen. Should be seen. To make sure, and after a brief scan of the environs, checking for an influx of Conjurists, he cast a second disillusionment charm. He inhaled, the air fresher up here than in the valley, where the summer heat pooled discomfortingly. He thought again about the Auld magic, how it had been twisted and distorted from its true course, of mere interpretation and function. Now it was about ritual and here-say, about whether you were, not whether you could do. It was about exclusion and hierarchy, about spite and cruelty. About manipulation and mistrust. How much had it infiltrated society? How easily could it be stemmed? If only he had his link, his access, to an clear, objective mind, the only one which made sense to him. But she was missing. And what would happen when it all started? When he started it, that night? It could be argued by some that it had already. Harry had the books. True, he didn't know what to do with them, like someone who cannot read the script in which the winning lottery numbers are written. Who would be leading the coven that night? Below him, in the haze of early evening, wizards (unquestionably wizards, dressed up to the nines in everything wizardly, so they could not possibly be mistaken for anything else) were making their way up to the tor. So he was in the right place. Quickly, wordlessly, the wizard cast a final disillusionment spell, just to be totally sure. And even then there was still a margin for doubt. The growing group, thankfully unaware of an interloper, began to assemble, chatter and wait. It would seem that they knew one another well, clapping one another on the back, bringing superfluous things for one another, like a spare broom, a cloak, or to pore over the latest broomstick catalogue. One conversation centred around the nature of their protests, that it consisted of demanding their rights, in the traditional British manner. Another pair, women, talking about inequalities that still existed in public services and education, and that the use of pensieves was a great step forward. Pensieves? How was this to happen? The wizard wasn't to know, not least through the witches' conversation because another conversation had caught his ear. He inched towards a third group whose discussions had become more interesting - as he listened the blood of this usually cold-headed wizard began to warm rapidly. The glorious twelfth indeed! He felt the anger surge as he listened to these young men, in their thirties perhaps, talking so casually about what they needed half breeds for. Disgraceful behaviour! Appalling! Grotesque! Grateful that the conjurists around him could not see him clenching one fist inside another the wizard tried to settle his mind by thinking about Remus Lupin and Sirius Black in hospital. He veered off the thought as it became skewed and he puctured their faces as both vampire and werewolf respectively, being taken by one of these so-called wizards and set upon, by another half breed. For their sport! Of course it suited them that the beasts' rights were being championed. The influx of people to the tor began to dwindle. Only one or two others joined the forty-or-so who were already there. The wizard stepped aside deftly or the last remaining two would have charged onto him. But there was no focus, no leader. The wizard sat back down again, trying to get all thoughts of the off-handed comments about half-breeds out of his mind. He would wait. And, that such a large group was already assembled, even before sundown, meant that it wouldn't be long, and Aurors from the Ministry, possibly even Reciprocators too, wouldn't be far behind. Allowing his mind to uncharacteristically wander the wizard wondered. Where was Cecilia Lupin? It was anyone's guess. He always knew she was unpredictable but Cecilia gave a whole new dimension to unpredictability, it was as if that about which can and cannot be speculated are on the same side of the coin, Cecilia's actions were the other. Even the world's most sophisticated computer designed to interpret universal chaos would probably suffer a terminal meltdown when faced with foretelling Cecilia's imminent move. No, she would turn up, sooner or later. He pictured her face briefly, in his mind's eye, indulging himself selfishly, momentarily. A change in the texture of the air brought the wizard back to the ever-present. The wizards had assembled themselves into a sort-of circle, ragged around the edges and still with people in bunches from their previous intercourse. As the glow in the centre became a human shape the wizard watched as their leader became clearer and clearer, until its outline bore features. Distinguishable features at that. Damn! The wizard tried not to exclaim aloud. He owed James Potter a galleon. Albus Dumbledore raised his arms as the wizards around him watched him in fascinated awe. The wizard had been wrong earlier. Now it starts 88888888 Unbeknownst to the wizard, and the conjurists, and to Albus Dumbledore too (who may dearly have been interested) Cecilia rested, in lieu of sleep, within a hundred yards' walking distance from the coven. The good weather had been her friend and she had gained further ground and was closer than she had anticipated she would be gleaned from glimpses at local signs and maps along the walkways and in the holiday home which had been empty when she had chanced upon it and in which she had guiltily languished for three nights as she recovered from blisters, sunburn and exhaustion. As she watched the sky change from indigo to ink-black and the stars prick brighter in the celestial canvas she reached to her right-hand jacket pocket which was now on the left and higher up, by her ribs, employed now as a blanket. Her hand closed over advertising leaflet a handyman that she had picked up in a chip shop in Reeth. The blank side was in fact not empty for Cecilia had written down the addresses and contact details of every one and every place she had taken advantage…clothing…food…accommodation…the most recent of which, for which she might even have been able to add the name of the owner or occupier had she not got out of the shower as quickly as she had done in the wooden lodge at Eskeleth and legged it before they had found her, she had noted duly and solemnly. She would reimburse these people, she had to. It was only right. She focused back on the stars again, so many, so cluttered compared to the urban view she had grown up with in Edgeford and had learned from, that the true constellations seemed alien and indiscernible. But so beautiful. Cecilia waved her hand in the direction of the moving stars around her, like luminescent gnats obeying a kind of Brownian motion. So far she had avoided the attentions of the ministry, by sneaking around as if a criminal, which is what had prevented her hitch-hiking or stealing aboard a train or bus to reach the cottage sooner. She suspected these insects however, if that's what they were, may be something to do with the Ministry. A typical strategy of her brother-in-law. But no-one had found her yet. And if she could just reach the cottage, and Septimus too, she would be in a position to deflect any attack on her being where, in their opinion, she oughtn't Cecilia knew well enough that they would not allow her return to pass unchallenged. Through the waning haze of insects which, in all likelihood, were not magical at all, she stared up towards Polaris, and then to the right. A satellite travelling at quite a rate caught her eye and she tracked it from right to left. What if she had stayed there, at Durmstrang, as they wanted, and waited there until she was recalled? As far as she knew Cecilia might have been left there for the rest of her life, how convenient her position was to the Ministry, out of the way and a foothold in otherwise closed territory. She thought about the Institute and how threatened the Ministry was about what actually went on at Durmstrang, their perceived fascination with the Dark Arts and other controversial topics. As Cecilia got to understand their ways it began to become clear that the Institute being so isolated felt itself out of the world and could do what it liked. More, that because its location was so remote they had the seclusion in order to focus only on pure academia, to test it until it broke, and if it didn't commit it to being a fundamental magical law or theory. All wizards there, even the students themselves (mostly student wizards with just a handful of witches) were highly focused on their work. The coolness towards one another, though could be perceived as arrogance, was a mere product of dedication to their studies or research. All this Cecilia could understand – if she had been looking for the deepest meaning of life itself, the history of magical language, sounds, vibrations, the development of new spells and have to search for right words, in right rhythm, tone and intonation to get it to work properly she would appreciate conditions that were so conducive. It was how she had been in the other world, when she had to untangle the mass of information before her that had led to the Universal Link. If only more people understood. Despite its secretiveness and exclusivity in admissions Durmstrang did communicate and collaborate with outside world to deepen their understanding. It was a reason, even if the Ministry would be loath to admit it, that other magical institutions around the world had became research-based too, so that magical research was not confined in the four walls of Durmstrang and was actually disseminated rather than being kept hidden on a Northern Norwegian island. Examples of research that Cecilia knew the professors at Durmstrang had sought outside information about were magical ability, dark creatures' breeding cycles, magical creatures parasites, modern curses and the unique magical qualities of wizards with the redheaded gene. Perhaps, Cecilia mused, as the satellite dipped behind a tor and out of sight, it was because she had done the Universal Link work before, in the old place, that it made sense to her that the professors should collaborate. Even when she had got used to Durmstrang, and she had been there two years, it felt like a natural way to do things. There, Cecilia could almost believe she hadn't come from another plane of reality at all. Her active mind, kept from stillness by self-bolstering thoughts, considered her being in this world again. Her old life was easy to recall. Some parts were the same, some could be tangible, traits of people she had known before, but some completely different controlled by events in their past, circumstances and the like. Durmstrang was even like how Hedgewards used to be, Cecilia remembered, but with academic research being carried out. What they didn't seem to understand at Durmstrang was that better exam results on the entrance paper didn't mean the students were cleverer or more able. She thought harder, trying to get past the superficial memories that she remembered in her past…the décor in Grimmauld Place…her house when it had been ransacked by, as it turned out, Sirius Black…the potions and muggle studies classrooms that she and Snape had worked with. But why…why had she been there in the first place. Cecilia closed her eye from the stars and lay quietly. A voice, far away shouted a word to her. Voldemort… Now we're getting somewhere…what was he like…? And opened them again. It was hard to remember a lot of details and speculating on other time line was a waste of time, Cecilia knew. She did not specialise in metaphysics though Professor Ur at Durmstrang did, had explained that time operated differently to what humans liked to think. Humans, he had explained, like to think of time as a line, as if drawing a time line in history lessons, but it's more like a ball of string, with different buts touching at different events… …like when you come back to things, whether accidentally or by on purpose later in life, like a hobby, or remembering an acquaintance…but when time is changed a little snip in the cord in the ball is made so the ends touch different parts of the ball… Still didn't really understand and Professor Ur didn't ask her why she wanted to know this – no Professor at Dursmtrang did – they just did because they were a hot bed of academic minds together so talking about things was as natural as breathing. Also because it was given that the only reason why other professor would ask would be for their own areas of research. All academia was connected anyway, as far as the Durmstrang professors were concerned. In some respects Cecilia hoped that wasn't true for she had no true academic discipline. That she had been there, supposedly, to refine the Universal Link and other themes which fed into other subjects was an ideal cover but she could tell that the application of a subject was slightly looked down upon as beneath them, and she had attracted the sympathy, though in many respects subtly, subconsciously, by manner or speech, or gait. It was a strange place, but easy to blend in for no-one would want to be the co-ordinator of an applied subject, as the Universal Link was perceived to be. Wholly accepted. Able to carry on with her own work into lycanthropy cure, even though it was vanity; accepted by strange, focused wizards who could spend days ambling around their classrooms and offices and having to be revived by house elves because they have forgotten to eat, or sleep, or sometimes, go to find the bathroom. And yet she had spied on them for Caelius, these people who had, in their way, accepted her. Unlike the reciprocators, she added bitterly. Would she ever be past this? Could she, and just leave it in the past once she got home and back to Septimus, and her Remus too? That what she wanted to do. No more gallivanting – she was older now, they all were. The sea had reflected back an image of this of woman looking back at her…Cecilia remembered leaning over the bowsprit into the crystal-clear water over which they had glided. She was past a milestone birthday of course, and Remus was in his fifties… In the darkness Cecilia turned her head and fixed, in the blackness, towards the west. It would still take her about a week to get there – maybe sooner if this weather held and she wasn't caught up in rain. It would still be August, still before Septimus went to school. In the morning she would wash in still-warm spring water. She closed her eyes. Tomorrow, Hawes, and to the West. 88888888 "I'm sorry that I left you so long." Caelius had surprised Septimus, who had put down a crumby plate on the wooden arm of settee and was waiting for the news to be over so that the second part of "Journey into Space" could recommence. Brushing the crumbs off his pyjamas Septimus made to tidy up – he knew how much Uncle Kay hated mess in the cottage. "I'll halp you with that in a moment", Caelius had said and, much to Septimus's disappointment, turned the knob of the radio to the left until it clicked off on the ancient radio in the polished pine cabinet. "I'm glad you're up lad, I wanted to talk to you." Lad, thought Septimus grimly. When Uncle Kay called him "lad" it usually meant he was about to tell him some bad news. "It's about your dad, and Sirius Black," Caelius continued, not bothering to sweep the toast crumbs from the sofa cushion next to Septimus. It really must be serious, he thought, if he didn't want to tidy up before he sat down. Caelius bent his head in Septimus's direction and rested one arm on his knee. "I'm sorry that I've had to leave you so long recently, and I'm glad to see that you've made a friend. James told me that Sam had been to see you," Caelius added when Septimus said nothing. Septimus wondered, as he always did, when his uncle filled in the silences, what Caelius wanted him to say. He found it better to listen to everything his uncle had to say before asking any questions. It saved time in the long run, especially as Uncle Kay was prone to being called back to the Ministey, or Gimmauld Place, or somewhere. "I was glad to see that James and Lily kept a very good eye on you when you stopped there." Septimus nodded and shuffled on the chair. Come on, he willed, you mentioned Dad. As if hearing him Caelius came straight to the point. "Both Sirius and your father are stable. Neither have got worse and it could be any day now that they come back to us. Sirius is luckier, I have to admit, because once he has woken up the healers at St. Mungo's can give him wolfsbane straight away. But Professor Snape – you know him? Yes of course you do," Caelius qualified when Septimus nodded, "has been working on a potion for your dad's condition." He got to his feet and Septimus sensed that he his uncle was becoming agitated. "He was attacked by a vampire. At the moment there is nothing that can effectively treat him. Yet." Silence fought for supremacy and won. "Septimus, how do you feel about Hedgewards? Only I wish you to meet with Professor Snape before you make up your mind about which school you want to go to in September. I need to talk to him in any case and I think you'll find the visit interesting." Septimus nodded. He knew that his uncle would be working on important ministry work. Snape. Septimus ran the imposing wizard's name through his mind. To everyone else, the other Reciprocators, Professor Snape was Severus Snape or Severus. It was only his uncle that called him by his surname. That had been the previous evening. A whole day had gone by since then. Caelius had explained that he needed Septimus to stop with the Potters again. Septimus looked at the empty bed of Sam's – even though it was nearly ten-thirty and he should be asleep, he knew it would be several hours before his friend came to occupy it. And it had been a fun day too. Sam had come over and gone exploring with Septimus when Julian had called to say him mum was making him go out shopping - boring shopping – with them instead of grubbing, as they'd planned. He'd explained to Sam what had happened and he and Septimus had gone to the tarn at the top of Helvellyn for most of the day and had looked at the abundant entomology that had been, up till that point, hiding in the scrub, around small mammal spraints and decaying bird corpses. A great time, especially when he had opened up to his older friend and told him he was worried about mum and dad. "Is that strange?" Septimus had questioned. "No, course not." Sam was older than Septimus by almost six years, but far younger in outlook. By contrast Septimus took things much more seriously with respect to his age. "My friends at school are all going to Penrith. Julian too. But mum wanted me to go to the school she went to in Edgeford. Uncle Kay wants to take me to see Hedgewards though. I think he wants me to go there" "And what do you want?" Sam had asked. Septimus had shrugged his shoulders. "Dunno. Mum and Dad always wanted me to go to Hedgewards, when they were together, and so does Uncle Kay…well, not mum actually, I think she just wanted me to choose And what do you want? Septimus paused and waited for the thoughts to organise themselves in his head. "I do have a go at magic. Not much good at it though. I'm at a non-magic school now and there's only me who can do magic. But I could get by, especially if Hedgewards is taking people with no magic at all. If I can't do much, it wouldn't look so bad." "That's a shame. I've seen your charms, your potions, you know. When you were younger." "Dad taught me," replied Septimus, a look of sadness had crossed his face. "Changing the colour of water…type of metal, and so on. Mum taught me too. She showed me how to do chemistry, how it can be done a different way. I did the metal one by chemistry, not magic. Electrolysis, it's called. Dad had read me Grimelda, his favourite story." "Oh," Sam had replied, surprised. "I knew non-wizards could do a lot of things, and with electricity too, of course." "Yes, it's in Mysterious Mythology. Grimelda is like the non-wizard story called Rapunzel. Mum talked to me about how the stories could be used to tie in scientific discoveries and laws in to magic. "Fancy being able to doing that. That's just what you'd need to be a reciprocator, you know. Knowledge of both worlds." The wind blew softly around them, relieving them of the intense heat at the top of the mountain. "Lots of people do, don't they?" asked Septimus. Sam shook his head. "It's one thing or the other. That's why Caelius wants a mixture of wizards and mug-… non-wizards there, to try to bridge some gaps. Like you've just said." "Then I want to go to Hedgewards." replied Septimus firmly. "How would you feel if it was you?" "I…I've never really given it much thought." Sam wrinkled his brow, momentarily resembling a St. Bernard dog. "If I had been used to a non-wizard school…I suppose it'll be weird if students are there who can't do magic. But that's life in the real world, isn't it? Non-wizards working with wizards. And why should they miss out on knowing what we do? They can't do magic, but…they can work at the ministry I suppose." They had walked back to the cottage late that afternoon. There would be no sign of Caelius that night, Septimus knew, and he had been there when his uncle had arranged for him to stay the night at the Reciprocator headquarters. Sam was, as usual, starving and the minute they had gone up the steps and through the side kitchen door Septimus watched his friend root, fruitlessly, through the near-empty cupboards. "Caelius got anything in?" he asked, frowning at the empty spaces where food might have been. Septimus frowned. "Got some bread, some beans. We can do toast." "Doesn't he feed you?" asked Sam, indignantly. "He's busy," protested Septimus. When he's not at the ministry he's at Grimmauld Place, or out searching for mum, or at the hospital with Dad and Sirius. I can manage." "Come on." "Where are we going?" "HQ. mum's cooking tonight for whoiever;s around. She's ace." "But she's not expecting me till bedtime." But Sam was firm. "Go to the fireplace. Let Caelius know you've gone early." Septimus stared for a moment. "I'll do it," Sam insisted, pointing his wand in the direction of the floo powder. It swirled into a micro-tornado in the centre of the grate. Sam put his head directly opposite the whirling mass of tiny solid particles. "Caelius Lupin, the Ministry for Magic." Sam spoke the address. "Caelius. I'm taking Sam early back to Grimmauld Place for some tea. Just in case you were wondering where he was." Septimus felt himself blush, for he was sure there was a mild hint of sarcasm in his friend's voice. When Sam had finished the vortex ascended the chimney and would, having passed through the floo network, be waiting for his uncle in his office barely seconds after it had left. Sam then used his wand to summon a second handful of floo powder. "Grimmauld Place!" he declared, taking Septimus's hand and pulling him into the hearth. Almost instantly they stood in the hearth of the living room. Lily Potter jerked backwards – clearly she was about to use the hearth at the same time. "Can Septimus stay for tea?" Sam gabbled to his surprised mother. Taking a step backwards she nodded, before regaining the power of speech. "I was just about to floo you, son. All okay, Septimus?" Septimus nodded, glancing past Lily and towards the kitchen where he knew a spread would be on. It was a Reciprocator night, after all, and they'd all want feeding. "Of course you can have tea." Lily gestured towards the kitchen as Sam led the charge followed by a more sedate Septimus. "We've got – " " – salad, cold meat, pork pie…we can eat on the balcony," Lily finished gesturing towards the recently-installed French doors that led onto a recently renovated balcony. The heat of the Cumbrian countryside was nothing to the focused city heat trapped between buildings in the capital's suburb." "Better than beans on toast, eh?" Better than beans on toast. Septimus had to admit anything he had ever had at the Reciprocator headquarters was better than beans on toast. Staring at his friend's crisply-made bed Septimus recalled what he and Sam had spoken about on the balcony as Mrs Potter pottered about in the kitchen. "Is Hedgwards fun?" he had asked Sam, taking a bite of beef sandwich. "Is it ever! Where do I start? Oh Sep, you're going to have great fun there!" He stood up and leaned over the small plastic outside table and clapped Septimus on the back. "You have to try out for Quidditch! And then there's the lessons – they're probably going to be slightly different if non-wizards are going to be there of course, to when I was a first year – and then there's swimming in the Black Lake – you have to watch out for the – " " – pike?" asked Septimus, confident of swimming in open water, having done it most of his life in the tarns and pools around his uncle's cottage for as long as he could remember." " – and worse!" chortled Sam. "Oh Septimus, you won't regret going to Hedgewards, you really won't." After tea he and Sam went up to his room (their room, that night of course) and he brought down his compendium of board games that he had received the previous Christmas and that was already looking more than a little "well-used." A few games of exploding snap later as they sat in the living room of Grimmauld Place and halfway through a game of diopoly before Sam's father arrived, greeting Septimus and reminding his son that the Reciprcators would be arriving soon and could they go somewhere else for Septimus to beat him at the property-owning game. Traipsing up to the library and declaring that Septimus wouldn't be the one winning the game Septimus had changed the subject as the thought of the book he remembered seeing when he had last been there, and surprised by Professor Snape, appeared in his mind. He had wandered over to the shelf where it had been. "What are you looking for, Sep? You're just delaying the inevitable, you know." "Do you know of a book, with your brother's name on?" Septimus scanned the shelves again – he was sure it had been there, quite thickly, to the left of the window, three shelves up and close to the centre. "The one your mum wrote?" Sam crossed to where Septimus was looking, pushing his floppy black hair out of his eyes and he stooped to where Septimus was looking. "Suppose so." "Hmm," Sam mused. "I haven't seen a copy for ages. And I don't remember one being here, though. Your mum wrote it before you were born," he added. "I suppose I'm old enough to read it now," Septimus added, standing up. It wasn't there. He looked back at diopoly. Sam was right, he probably would win now. "What? "Last time I was here, Snape caught me holding the book…he said I would be old enough to read it when I was eleven…it was a bit strange, really…I've been able to read since I was four." "Odd." Sam shook his head and headed back towards the board game. "That's not like him to be so cryptic. He says what he means, that man." Sam glanced back, wondering why Septimus hadn't sat back down. From the ancient desk Septimus had picked up a wooden-framed picture of the Reciprocators from a few years before. He smiled as his mother and father waved and smiled. "I tried to get in on that picture," said Sam, pointing to the bottom-right corner. "I'm down there by mum's leg, she pushed me out. Look, you can just see my hand." Septimus peered, then smiled. A small hand flapped intermittently before jerking out of frame. "…Arthur and Molly Weasley, you know them," Sam identified as Septimus continued to hold the picture. "Mum and Dad, of course, and your mum and dad. And Caelius, the Weasley twins, Mad-eye, Gregor, Severus Snape too… "Who's that?" asked Septimus, pointing to a woman he had never seen before. She was thin and plain-looking, but with intense eyes staring out of the image. "Tabitha Penwright. Snape's girlfriend, well she was," Sam clarified. "They're not going out any more. And she's not been heard of for a while." Septimus frowned, concern filling his mind. "Nothing to worry about – she's a Mysteriour, they can wander off on their own in their department, the Department of Mysteries. They work on their own…time is different in different places depending on where they are and what they are involved in. She might be doing something that she thinks hasn't taken more than about ten minutes but to us it's a long time." "Do you remember her?" asked Septimus, trying not to think about the metaphysical explanation his friend had just presented him with for fear his mind might explode. "I remember her necklace. Well locket, really. It used to glow, every so often. I remember when I was little, I used to sit on mum's lap when the Reciprocators came for dinner and just stared at the locket. It was just as if it were warm, like a heart, beating away." Sam had then finished the game, winning as had been predictable, but not by the margin that both he and Septimus had thought before his friend declaring that he was going downstairs to floo Crystallia, but wouldn't be long. Septimus had put himself to bed, deciding that if he went to sleep before Sam got back, so be it, but hoping that he wouldn't so he could ask him some more about Hedgewards. 88888888 "Anyone at home? Hi love," James called from the hearth towards the kitchen. When he saw his wife there he kissed Lily on the cheek. "I am," said Lily Potter, "and enjoying my couple of days off work, thank you very much," she added, poking fin at her husband jovially. "And Sam. Septimus too. He seemed half-starved, the poor lad. He had four whole sandwiches! As well as salad, sausage rolls, cheese…" She arced her hand in the direction of the well-laden table and smiled when her husband grinned in approval. "Great, I've got to speak to Caelius, in fact – " "No, Sam brought him here. He said there was hardly anything in at Caelius's to eat. Oh James, I do feel so sorry for him!" James Potter turned and hugged his wife. "It's dreadful. What with both his parents…absent, and Caelius so busy, he's latchkey child. Look, I'll tell Caelius he's here, and that he can stop more often with us." Lily nodded, smiling a little and glad of her husband's approval. Hours later, and the Reciprocators making to leave, Caelius finally arrived having missed the majority of the meeting. He explained to James that Ministry business had kept him from being at what he knew was an important meeting ("you called it!" James had replied indignantly) but he had some good news for Septimus, for them all in fact. "I'll collect him tomorrow," said Caelius, thinking of the long night that lay ahead of him. "After breakfast," Lily added. Caelius nodded. It was then that James and Lily both noticed that his appearance was somewhat different to what they were used, worry and concern had given way to some measure of relief. "Although we have no idea where she is," Caelius said, knowing that his colleagues were waiting to hear what he had to tell Septimus, and them all, "Cecilia is alive. We don't know where yet, but somewhere in this country."
88888888 "I suppose you want to know what was discussed," replied James, not responding to what Caelius had said to him. Instead he gestured towards the kitchen where the buffet that Lily had laid out was not quite completely demolished. "Indeed. You got my floo?" "And I brought up every point," replied James evenly, watching as his colleague tucked into the leftovers. A part of him felt sorry for Caelius – no time to eat, little time for his nephew. It wasn't his fault that Septimus had been left in his care, and there were a lot of factors to be resolved in a short space of time…Hedgewards, the Reciprocator co-ordination, the Conjurist threat… But then, there was so much that he had brought on himself, and Caelius Lupin was standing to gain a good deal of acclaim when he pulled it all off. Words that he would dearly liked to have said James Potter swallowed down into his throat. "We had everybody," James continued, sitting down opposite Caelius. "Benjamin Wergs, Bathsheba Braddle. Even Arabella Figg and Dedalus Diggle managed it, though I think Dedalus might have been here to talk to you personally if you had given him another fortnight of 2 to 7 shifts." Caelius chuckled. "He did ask." Caelius forked another couple of beef slices onto his plate. "A comment about how he wouldn't be surprised if I put someone on a fortnight of graveyard shifts next. We are short-staffed, after all." Silence fell, save the crunch of Branston pickle which was accompanying a section of beef. "How are Sirius and Remus?" Caelius spoke softly, his demeanour changing as if a child asking permission from a parent. James knew that Caelius hadn't been to see either of them in almost a week. The wizard took pity on the ex-werewolf. "Still unconscious. Which is good news, I suppose. They haven't died." "Snape is working on a cure for Remus as well as refining the lycanthropy one for Sirius. Although I've not spoken to him of late, according to Snape it will be more efficient if he takes into consideration Sirius's genetic make-up." "Lipstck, that sort of thing?" joked James. Caelius looked up from a hard-boiled egg and frowned. "Never mind. I was just about to give you the minutes of the meeting." He handed Caelius a piece of parchment drafted by the "top-secret" quill which, once finished its top-secret writing it exploded, stopping it being enchanted and made to rewrite the words from its previous use. He watched as Caelius glanced over the main points. "Considering what we are up against, they've done well," he nodded, handing the minutes back to James. "I know that Mick Mullen has been pleased with their back-up. We've had more arrests and taken in almost two-dozen illegal half-breeds." "So many. What will be done with them?" "Deported. To their native country." He shook his head, pushing away his dozen-times-cleared plate. "It's controversial, especially considering what Conjurists are saying about the equality of half-breeds. And I'm sorry to say, their cause is growing." "Fools! Utter fools!" James snapped. "How stupid can some wizards be? Really? Would you really think that what they are saying makes any sense at all? It's ludicrous!" "We know that. And, as you know, governments are generally only in power to look after those who are incapable of making sensible decisions themselves. We've put the half-breed measures in place for all citizens of the country. But we have to be a little cautious. Too many regulations will only strengthen their cause, and their following too. And I have it under good authority that Albus Dumbledore himself led a coven meeting last night, somewhere on the Yorkshire Dales." "And we are short staffed," reiterated James, shaking his head. "Even if the Ministry had implemented changes, the Combined Government would have to have it ratified by the European Parliament. And so many European countries do not seem to think that Conjurists are a problem." "We are indeed perceived to be sceptical," concluded Caelius, getting to his feet. "And our staffing issues are unlikely to be resolved in the short-term. Not that I'm concerned about Tabitha Penwright – she was last seen in the Department of Mysteries by Gregor, although she has been absent for many months now." "And what of Henrietta? Have you heard from her?" James followed him back into the living room, the fire crackling yellow, the default fire flame. Soon, he knew, Caelius would go, leaving Septimus there and working all night before returning in the morning. So many pots to keep on the boil Caelius, he said to his colleague silently. "I expect she would like to know of Sirius, certainly." "Lily owled her," replied James. "But she's not replied." "She will if it suits her," Caelius said archly. "But I shall make a point of memoing her in any case." He approached the hearth. "Well, if there's nothing else, you can reach me in my office, James." Hardly, thought James as he watched the head of the Reciprocator movement about to depart. Before leaving, however, he took a step back out and fixed James with an intense stare. "I do thank you, and Lily too, for holding the fort here for so long. And my gratitude for taking in Septimus tonight. I'll collect him tomorrow, and I'll give him the news about his mother." "I have to ask," said James, despite himself, "you're not putting yourself under to much pressure, are you? We are more than happy to have Septimus, for longer than one night if necessary, but – " "Your concern is kind," nodded Caelius. "I do indeed have a lot on. We've had a dozen applications from non-wizards so far so it looks as if we are going ahead with the proposed changes at Hedgewards." James nodded. They knew this; it had been discussed that evening. Lily was working on the history curriculum and he had only the finishing touches to put on his report about practical adaptations to the school itself to cater for those students who would now be attending that auspicious wizarding school. "Snape is organising the staff so very soon there will be little for me to have to do on that front. We still have the pamphlets to intercept and stem somehow – Lucius Malfoy is working on that one though." "A hard-hitting advertising campaign no doubt," said James wryly. There wasn't much that wizard did without television and newspaper advertising being involved somewhere. Moments later and Caelius was sitting at his office desk. There were so many things for him to organise, sort out, confirm, act upon. But he was confident in what he had just said to James, that his involvement in non-wizard integration into Hedgewards would soon be far less front-line. He looked at the letters on his desk, scanning the address. Would it be a letter of complaint? For every application from a non-wizard he had received at least three calling for Caelius to be removed from office, telling him the integration policy was ludicrous or threatening to withdraw their son or daughter from the school. Perhaps it wouldn't matter of the roll were shorter in terms of wizards? Where would these parents send their children anyway? Durmstrang was considered too elitist by many, although several would choose the Institute. And as Beauxbatons only accepted witches some parents may have to look outside Europe for their sons. That's if they carried through with their threat. Caelius sighed opened the owl. The howler reverberated round the office for a good ten minutes and was so loud Caelius thought the security wizards might have felt the need to check on him. He looked at his desk again and tentatively opened the other letter. 13 applications now, and this one was from someone Caelius believed he knew. Septimus would be pleased. Caelius closed his eyes, grateful the feed at HQ. It couldn't take long to clear the pile on his desk and get his memos sent. And then he would be back at Grimmauld Place proposing a Hedgewards shopping trip for Septimus. Before that though, he would be able to tell his nephew that his mum was alive. 88888888 "I don't like that cough." Stumbling to a stop Cecilia lay with her back on the grass, panting in the bright sunshine. It beat down on her face as she inhaled and exhaled stiffly. Cecilia closed her eyes. She had covered the rest of the Yorkshire Dales with ease, stopping the next night two miles north of Sedbergh. There were no people out here, no hamlets. No roads to follow, even. She coughed again, then swallowed. It was probably the exertion, or the pollen. She rarely suffered from hayfever but then, she was rarely out in one of the hottest, brightest summers sleeping in the open. She didn't like that cough, or rather, her mother wouldn't have. When her mother was alive, when Cecilia was little, she and her sister Amy just had to breathe irregularly and they would have been dragged down to the doctors and have to sit there, knowing her mother would be demanding antibiotics the moment they were seen. Just a swallow and a clear of throat would result in a frown and tut, followed by, "I don't like that cough." Even now Cecilia disliked visiting doctors, but it hadn't prevented her from being so protective of Septimus – Remus had joked that he might as well drag his chair near the fireplace so he could summon a healer to their son when he coughed, for he knew full well that Cecilia would be demanding he floo'd some time that night. She coughed again, this time it had cleared her throat. For now. At least she would be back with her son soon, back to civilisation where she could buy some antihistamine, or Tunes if it turned out to be a cold. Cecilia sat up. She was exactly where she knew she needed to be. So few skills, yet navigation was one of her best. Kneeling forward she scooped some cool, crystal-clear spring water which, many miles south, would join the Lune and become Lancaster's main river. A handful of water molecules were diverted from their path and made their way down her oesophagus. Relief, temporarily. She allowed her Evian bottle to be filled up as the stream gurgled and bubbled in the way that springs really ought to do in the middle of the summer, high up in a National Park, and tried not to think of the "natural additives" which would probably have made their way into it. She would be back to the cottage soon, and treated water. Drinking deeply again, Cecilia sat back on her knees. She had choices to make, and not just about the direction she would go. North and she would be more isolated, at liberty, still able to spend the next twenty eight hours or so as a free woman before Caelius knew where she was. Raising her hand she wafted it around her, regardless of any annoying insects. It would take longer, she wouldn't get to the cottage until tomorrow evening, but there was far less opportunity to steal food and would have to spend another night under the stars. Not that it was too cold, but you could never depend on the weather staying as it was the day before. If she headed south she would be at Kendal by the evening and perhaps be able to get a hot shower and a bed for the night. She might be able to hitch-hike and the path was well-trodden and familiar. But there was far more chance of being intercepted by the Ministry before she had reached the cottage. It was odds that she knew increased if Cecilia was in contact with more people. She couldn't risk it, not after all she had been through – galleon-sized blisters, sunburn, fatigue and unhygienic that she was. That was why she had chosen the route she had, after all. If Cecilia had wanted comfort she could have had the Durmstrang ship sail due west, then south at the Hebrides, weaving its way as it would have done, past the Isle of Man and to Whitehaven, for example. There, she could have strolled to Nick Smith and Tonks's house and asked for a lift. The easy way. The arrogant way. The way of telling the world that she was back and it didn't matter to her who thought she was up herself. Not the Cecilia way. Why do it easily when there's a more difficult method to try? Many people had wondered aloud while she was present why she would opt for complicated. The last one in a divisive way, scornfully and mocking. It was probably the last thing she really remembered Henrietta saying to her, well not to her, exactly, to the room in general at Grimmauld Place, on that fateful night when she had had her outburst. But no-one had spoken for her, and it had been that barb which, even though she had decided to put it behind her, still stung. When, after all she had done and sacrificed, not just for her family, but for every single Reciprocator, and not one of them defended her when she was most in need of it. She would be willing to forgive, to put it down to weakness of character of those present, but she would not forget. She would not forget to put herself and her family first. Getting to her feet, dressed in a ludicrous combination of jeans, t-shirt, a shirt, trainers, an oversize jumper she had found on a washing line in Northallerton along with socks which she had used as they were designed, on her feet, and another pair on her hands as makeshift mittens. She had misappropriated a woollen ski-hat with Velcro-up ear flaps from the holiday home, which had been most useful in the preceding nights, doubling as both head protection and a pillow, a pump bag, also from the holiday home with a rabbit appliquéd to it which she had used to carry her ill-gotten gains. She would put it right, Cecilia promised to the cloudless sky. Nothing I've taken would really harm anyone and I'll put it right. She looked around her, swallowing down the bitterness that she had invoked and made the image of her son appear behind her closed eyes. Septimus. "Mummy's coming, Septimus," she said softly. "I'll be with you soon." Allowing the yellow hot sun to win on its course to her eyes she opened them and surveyed the landscape, thought for a moment, running her hand through her needed-to-be-washed hair then took a step. North. 88888888 It had been a long time since Septimus had been to Diagonalley but it hadn't changed in the least. Cobbled paving stones under his shoes told him he was elsewhere, not in a usual high street in Britain, where underfoot regular herringbone brickwork would be neatly laid and shop hoardings would be uniform in size and shape. Not that he went to the shops much anyway, but mum still preferred to take him to town when he needed new clothes or shoes. Not that he liked it much either. He remembered complaining that he didn't want to be there with her and on occasions had gone out of his way to be difficult. Shopping in Diagonalley was different, not least because the reason for coming there was different. Caelius was giving him the option to buy his school things there, what he would need at Hedgewards if he chose to be there. They weren't buying anything as such although he knew Caelius would probably buy him something. He usually did, and it was usually the case of the more often he had left Septimus the bigger the gift. Septimus often didn't want to choose a toy or game when Caelius prompted him, he would have preferred his Uncle Kay to be out with him on the hills and mountains bug-hunting or just exploring but he also didn't want to offend his uncle either. Caelius had shown Septimus around every shop on the main Alley, the shops which would provide him with everyting he neded for Hedgewards – books, cauldron, wand…he knew the list. He remembered when Sam had returned from his shopping trip in the summer before he went to Hedgewards and how excited the young wizard had been when he had returned to the Reciprocator headquarters. Septimus could only have been about six at the time but he remembered Sam sweeping his arm around in an imitation of his father and exploding an urn on the top of the mantelpiece which shattered into several hundred pieces and about which his mother had never let him forget. Caelius had been at pains to explain to Septimus that the trip did not mean he had assumed that Septimus would choose the British wizarding school, more that he just wanted to give his nephew the fuller picture and as much information as he needed before making his decision. And it had been rather fun, too. Stanliander, the proprietor of the wand shop had nearly fallen over himself with delight when he realised the Head of Wizard Affairs had brought his nephew into his humble establishment. Blourish had explained, rather apologetically to Caelius about the delay in the non-wizard texts that ought to have been made available in Blourish and Flotts though assured him that by the end of the week his supplier would have delivered what he needed. Caelius had waved the bookseller's concerns away and said he understood the difficulty – the books had been commissioned less than a month before so it was understandable that there might be delays. They had lunched at the Mended Cauldron, and Caelius had enthused about his days at the school, how Septimus's father, Remus, had, within weeks of starting at the school, implored the headmaster to give his elder brother a chance and how he was confident that Severus Snape would be able to help Caelius, considering his potion-making skills. Septimus tried not to show he was bored, even though he had heard this story from his Uncle for probably the thousandth time. He knew it word for word, even the part when Uncle Kay nudged him and said, "and then what did Snape say? Eh?" Septimus tried to look keen and he sipped his lemonade before looking back at his uncle, hoping that an expression that was close to "rapt enthusiasm" would be enough. "What did he say?" It was always best to ask a couple of questions during a well-trodden anecdote. "Why, he said 'of course I can, just give me a week off lessons and it's yours.' And you know what? Old Dippet did!" Caelius grinned, nudging Septimus before draining his butterbeer. "I'm sure I've told you all this before," he concluded before, noticing the waiting-pixie, picked up his glass and leaned back as the magical winged creature laid down his plate of fish, peas and chips. Septimus leaned back too as the pixie laid a second plate of the same in front of him. "Thanks Uncle Kay," said Septimus as he picked up his knife and fork. "This looks delicious. And I'm so glad you could take the time to show me round Diagonalley." Caelius nodded – he had already taken a bite of fish and he was chewing well. Septimus glanced wistfully at the door. To say he was not trying to coerce Septimus into choosing Hedgewards was pushing into the realms of reality. Of course his uncle wanted him to go Hedgewards. He had been designing the non-wizard curriculum, Septimus knew. But he also knew that his uncle knew his mother's wishes and knew that Septimus missed his mother. His mind drifted to the last conversation he had had with his mother. It was only for a short time to help someone out of a situation, she had explained. She was like that, his mother. Always ready to elp other people, even sometimes putting their problem ahead of her own. Your father thinks it is a good idea that I go too. "Can I go to see Dad again soon?" Caelius looked up from his dinned and smiled under his moustache at his nephew. "I just want to tell him about things, about the schools, about Julian, and lots of other things. I'm sure he can hear me." "I'm sure too," replied Caelius, putting down his knife and clapping Septimus on the back. "I'm going there tomorrow daytime, but – " "Can I come too?" "Not then, but you can on Wednesday. Tomorrow I've somewhere else to take you." The sentence sounded final and Septimus knew enough not to push his uncle. "I wanted to tell him I was choosing between Edgeford High and Hedgewards. I did think I might like to go to Durmstrang – not because of mum, " he added quickly, but it's supposed to be a good school for magic, isn't it?" Caelius nodded, but said nothing as he took a bite from a couple of chips that he had stabbed onto his fork. Which path to take? It was a decision which had been starting to haunt Septimus of late. "But is that all they'll teach you at Durmstrang?" asked Caelius looking over the rim of his beerbutter glass like his father often did and Septimus knew that his uncle's question was more than just a question. "Well…there'll be magic…" "And who else will be at the school?" "Only wizards, they don't admit non-wizards, do they?" "Do you understand why Hedgewards will be accepting non-wizards? Septimus frowned, before biting off a forkful of peas. He supposed it was so that non-wizards could see what wizards did, so they could get jobs in the Ministry for example. He knew Hedgewards was a nice school, lovely grounds, open countryside, not unlike his home here so he supposed it wasn't fair for wizards to keep all that to themselves. "It's good to share," Septimus said eventually. "And people, wizards and non-wizards, can learn about each other." His uncle smiled, and then nodded. "It's about understanding. Durmstrang's headmaster believes wizards won't flourish if they're not taught in school specifically for them. But look at you. You've learned magic, you went to a non-wizard primary school, and it's not as if this is new to you. Septimus nodded despite the nagging doubt in the back of his mind which was that he wanted to learn. There were some children who had magic whose parents were non-magical. Some of them wanted to forget about magic, or aspire to their parents non-magic careers. He had even heard, from Sam, of one poor boy whose father and mother had been so down on the whole idea of him doing magic that he had lost all his confidence in Charm Hour and spent every lesson thereafter in tears. Perhaps there was a place for a school for just magic after all. Maybe Septimus would have felt better about it all if he could talk to his mum and dad. "Aberforth thought that it was best for wizards and muggles to be together but, until recently the Ministry were reluctant to consider it. But it helps that there is a Reciprocator as Headmaster." Professor Snape, thought Septimus, considering that looming wizard. "Do you remember any of the shops here in Diagonalley?" Caelius looked through the dirty, cobweb-strewn Cauldron window, the glimmering lights of a shop selling animals shining through. "It must have been about five years ago since you were last here." Septimus nodded a little but looked down at his half-eaten lunch. He remembered why he hadn't thought much about this wizardly commercial thoroughfare for such a long time. His mother had been upset, even though Dad had thought it had been a good joke. Septimus had hidden in Blourish and Flotts, lying under a cloth-covered table so he couldn't be seen in order to continue to read the latest comic about Finn McCool the Giant, his favourite "Marvellous Comics" character. He remembered his parents' voices getting louder and louder as he sat under the table, three hours later, long after he had read the still-Blourish and Flott's comic, a time when panic and fear had set in for no-one had found him and Septimus had known, even at six, that if he left the shop there was even less chance of them finding him. "You were young, and children hide," qualified Caelius in highly perceptive manner to which Septimus was now used. "That's what your Dad was telling your Mum." But mum hadn't been angry with him for hiding, he remembered, she'd been shouting at Dad for letting him out of his sight while she had been shopping for work robes in Madam Emaness's shop, something which he, and the rest of the bookshop, now knew that she had loathed doing and further, had had to go to Diagonalley, somewhere she loathed going. And after all of his mum's shouting he remembered Dad laughing at her. "Does she love Dad?" Septimus didn't voice the question, nor did anyone answer it. Yet an answer appeared in his mind, regardless. "She does, in her own way." "By the way," said Septimus, "I forgot to tell you there was a message in the hearth from someone, a woman. I…I think she appeared before, but didn't say anything. The connection seemed very bad. She said her name is Miss Grainger. Is she your girlfriend?" "She works in the Ministry," replied Caelius, laughing heartily. "What did she have to say?" "She said something about a veil. I thought she was talking about getting married, or something. And she also said – " Septimus broke off, the question which had been plaguing Septimus all day, which had been willing him out of shops, making him feel like what his mum must have done when she had been looking for him when he was younger, now burst out of him: "Please Uncle, please tell me where my mother is?" "If I knew, I would, Septimus," replied Caelius, putting down his fork and patting Septimus on the back. "I was going to tell you this evening, but I'm glad you brought it up." He smiled at his nephew reassuringly. "What I meant to say was, I don't know exactly where she is, but she is in Britain somewhere." Septimus's eyes widened. He wanted to ask more questions but knew that he didn't want to chance on the fact that some of the answers he might not want to hear. "Septimus, tomorrow I've got to go to Hedgewards. I wonder whether you would like to come with me to see what the school is like?" Septimus throught for a moment, trying to banish the bubbling thoughts of his mother, now, seemingly, at least, alive. "Yes, that would be nice, Uncle Kay," Septimus replied, eating a few more chips, his mind as far from Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry as it could probably be. Not as nice as those which Mum used to get for them as a treat, but nice enough. Even nicer now knowing that he could at least see her soon. Ten minutes later, a pair of clean plates and the bill settled Septimus followed Caelius out of the Mended Cauldron. Mum. Missing still, yes, but not dead. "To the Animalarium? How about your own owl, Septimus?" Septimus said nothing and the rest of the afternoon, the purchasing of a baby Tawny owl, their departure home and tea passing very much as an automated blur. Mum was not gone, she was alive. And she was coming home to him.
The weather had turned against her. Cecilia had been a mere three hundred yards from the service station, which was her only non-suicidal way of getting across the M6 and the heavens had opened. Lunchtime on a Wednesday meant comparative fewer cars using the services and therefore fewer people to witness the sight of the jumble-dressed Cecilia tripping over wet sods of earth as she made it to the southbound services, dripping wet and not in the best of moods. The hand-dryers in the ladies toilets had been her godsend. She knew that someone from the services, possibly a stern-looking, barrel-shaped woman who had been operating the till in the cafe, or a sharp-suited manager-type would be trying to find her, considering the amount of time she had spent in there. And the rest, under cover, though leaning against the stark, white tiles of the walls were hardly luxurious, were enough to make her be thankful for modernity. Cecilia had raised more than a few eyebrows, mainly from services staff, when she went to spend the last of the money she had stolen from the Scarborough hotel room on a coffee and a sandwich, sitting as far from the counter and the gossiping women with hands alternatively held over their faces, clearly whispering about her, and let her gaze fall upon the proto-mountains of the Lake District; the bigger ones, in the very centre of the National Park, being hidden in unexpected and irksome precipitation. If only she had trusted her instinct rather than doubted it and looked for more solid evidence of where she was. If only she had not decided to make it to a village close to the edge of the Yorkshire Dales so she could prove she to herself that she was heading in the right direction rather than just going she wouldn't be a sopping wet escapee political employee on the run back to her son. Instead she would be a dry one. Why was it that whenever it came to it she had to prove to herself she was doing the right thing rather than having faith in herself? Inhaling, then sipping at the surprisingly quite pleasant coffee that the cardboard cup contained Cecilia imagined the near future and this time doubts appeared in her mind when the conjuring of the time when she would be with Septimus had always been so clear. She thought – knew, even, that they would be reunited as a happy family, that Remus would agree to return with her to Edgeford (he had left when Aberforth had died and she had been sent to Durmstrang, a cold, heartless letter had told her this which she had gladly shredded to the four winds from the top of the Sky Tower the moment she had read it), and that Septimus would be with them too. All would be well. Now, with less than a day in her stride Cecilia mused at the journey she had undertaken, across limestone chalk in the glorious summer; lying beneath the heavens watching satellites cross the sky overhead; borrowing on a medium-term basis what she needed to keep on…to keep on to her son. What was to say that he didn't think that she'd just deserted him…? Left him alone to fend for himself…? He adored his father, and Caelius too… …her mind drifted to his face…Septimus…when she had told him she would be away for "a few weeks". She guessed Remus must have told him the truth eventually, yet he continued to write, his address being the cottage near Helvellyn, Remus's cottage to her mind, telling her about his new school, about exploring, about his new friend… …Remus, when he had visited in June, when they had made up and he had given her renewed hope that their lives together weren't over, had told her how pleased he was that she was doing well at Durmstrang, but that he missed her. That was Septimus, stoic and accepting. A pang of motherly love brought a tear to her eye. Her only son, her hope, her future. If only he knew how much she cared for him, how much he was with her every day, in her heart, that she would have chosen to be arrested by Caelius and been held in custody after her – well, what she now considered to be her breakdown – rather than have been sent away had it not been for him. Dashing the self-destructive thoughts from her mind she allowed the now-reappearing scenery in the West to be her meditation. She had to cross the motorway, but that was easy – the covered walkway between the two service stations was behind her – and then: up and over the first hill and ever more in the distance. A sharp north-west after half a mile and follow the culvert towards Thirlmere. As long as there was no more rain she would have a pleasant night in Fawcett Forest, just West of Hawesdale, on the border of the National Park itself (if not, she would have to get on with a damp night – not much to complain about considering all the beautiful nights she had spent in the Dales). Then on to Kirkstone Pass, watching the tourists weave their way down and up the slopes. A sharp left turn would lead her to then onto the land north of Rydal, where Septimus's tiny school presumably was and, with Thirlmere only a couple of miles away and Remus's – Caelius's – cottage would be there. Draining the cup and taking a few bites of the sandwich she bundled the rest up inside her coat and, grabbing a handful of napkins Cecilia walked steadily but determinedly across the M6 and towards her son. 88888888 Septimus had woken early. The sun's intense rays that he had been used to rousing him had given way to a duller sky. It had rained in the night but he hadn't worried about Owl flying about – the tag which had come with his cage had advised him to let him out at night where he was able, to catch his own food. At least, that was what he thought the tag said. Tag probably wasn't the best description for the mass of information that was enclosed in the scroll that had accompanied Owl; half a book was more like it. But the language was rather strange – it seemed to be written in English where Septimus could read it, but half way through it switched to a different language and at the bottom had gone through several more before finally finishing in what looked like Egyptian hieroglyphics. In the vein of every male alive though, Septimus had let Owl out for a fly before he had read any of the label. He whirled and swooped, basking in the cool air in the open countryside and, as he flew out of sight Septimus felt a lurch in his stomach that perhaps letting him out so soon was the wrong thing to do. Had he lost him for being so careless? Septimus worried for a good three minutes but his angst was replaced with joy when Owl flitted back, coming in through the window with a crash onto the bed, twit-twitting shrilly before hopping onto Septimus's pillow and onto the window sill before launching himself off into the air again. Flicking the parchment over on Owl's cage Septimus had been quite relieved to see that he had done what appeared to be advised. Owl had come back to the window several times in the night, and presumably had continued to do so when Septimus had been asleep. He'd left his window open, despite the dampening in weather and had been greeted with three corpses of field mice, probably all that the tiny bird would have been able to carry in its miniature claws. Owl, mused Septimus as his little pet – his first at that – arrived back to the window-ledge to peck at the bodies of the mice and he stroked his downy head affectionately, smiling as he arched his feathery neck into the rub. It wasn't the most imaginative name, he could stick with it. He'd not given the idea of a name for the owl a thought when Caelius had told him he could have one, so delighted he had been that his uncle had been so generous to him. And if he decided to go to Hedgewards he knew that, amongst the noble names that other owls would have been given the poor thing might feel rather plain. In an effort to find a suitable moniker for his adorable Athena he had read, the evening before, through the History of Hedgewards book which had also come home with them from Diagonalley (not half so exciting as soon-not-to-be-Owl, though) in search of inspiration. Then he had turned to the label on the cage. "Anaxagoras's Animal Emporium" [he read] "here is a small gift of the world biggest animal seller." Underneath another sentence read, "Voici un adoriel par…" and below that, in German, "Hier ist einen gift aus…" After that was a cross to indicate a spell was needed for further languages (but no advice as to which one should be used). As Septimus had never really used spells he didn't bother trying to extend the list, after all there was a big enough label attached to Owl's cage as it was – heaven knows how much paper might have appeared in his room. But the translation between the languages was rather poor, in Septimus's opinion. In German, Septimus knew, "gift" meant "venom", something which he had seen so often on his mother's chemicals when she had done work at home, and he was sure that the owner didn't mean that the owl was poisonous! Nothing had sprung out at him, not even from the words on the tag, and Septimus had considered that would have been the best source for information. Had Owl been a female he might have considered "Adoriel", which sounded far too girly for a boy owl. But no, nothing had arisen that he had thought, "yes, that's your name." Owl it was then, for now. "I'd better clean up the mess on the floor before Uncle Kay sees it," said Septimus, tickling Owl's head again. Owl pipped a reply before bending his head low and tearing into the centre of one of the deceased mice. Stepping away Septimus looked inside the cage and considered that he probably needed a little more straw too. The starter bag that had come with Owl was down in the kitchen and so, leaving Owl to his breakfast he opened his bedroom door, hoping that Caelius had not left an awakening spell on his door. For it wasn't just the excitement of his owl that had kept Septimus up for part of the night and had woken him up so early. Today, Septimus was going with Caelius to Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Only for a visit, he added to himself as he went down the wooden stairs two by two, wheeling around the banister pillar and into the kitchen. Caelius was going to speak to Severus Snape and he had wondered aloud over dinner the previous night (Caelius had even taken to time to cook beef and summer vegetables by himself for them, followed by ice-cream) whether Septimus would like to come for a look round. Two hours later, one clean room, a sleeping owl in his cage and eaten Shreddies Septimus was sitting in the living room waiting for his Uncle to get together everything he needed. "How are we going to get there?" Septimus asked, his excitement coming to a head. "Will we be flying?" "Too slow today," replied Caelius getting together things apparently (to Septimus) at random, and he mooched around the living room and in the kitchen, filling a box with things. "I suppose you're wondering what I'm doing, eh?" Septimus nodded. "Yes," he added when he realised that his uncle couldn't see him. "Just some everyday things from around here, that's what I'm collecting up," said Caelius, giving Septimus a wink. "You'll see." He stopped walking around distractedly and looked at his nephew. "And no, we're not flying. We have permission from the Ministry to disapparate today, just outside the Edgestones." Because, of course, no-one can apparate or disapparate inside the grounds of Hedgewards, thought Septimus, running the sentence over in his mind. Sam had told him, as to had his father and mother, in the past. And it had been the opening sentence in the Hedgewards history book that he had, to his own amazement, read a little of the previous night after Caelius had asked him if he wanted to come with him. Twenty minutes later and he and Caelius were outside, a sack, as if he were Father Christmas, slung over his shoulder and they held hands. Uncle Kay had explained it was far more exciting if they were outside and far less stressful on the digestive system. Septimus wasn't listening to the details though; just the thought of disapparating to Hedgewards was making him very excited although he did wish, as they landed with a bump on a hillock, that he had paid just a little more attention to Uncle Kay's flight instructions. "Bend your knees, I said," Caelius chided jokingly as Septimus rolled onto the grass. "Here," he said, gripping him by the crook of the arm, "there, now," he added as Septimus bent over, heaving. "It can take you like that," he said, waiting for Septimus to get over it. As the wave of nausea passed Septimus stood up, freezing at the magnificent sight before him. He'd seen the school from photographs before…the one of his father and some of the Reciprocators, probably standing close to where they were now with the castle in the background…the woodcut on his book…postcards, descriptions in his mind from those who knew the school, but this – it was beyond words – magnificent was nothing to describe the majesty, strength, splendour of the building, growing as it appeared to be, from the rock around it, skirted by the large lake – the Black Lake, Septimus knew. "Impressive, isn't it?" Caelius said as he saw his nephew's face. He took Septimus's hand and led him a few steps before pointing down. "And here are the Edgestones. We cross those and Snape will know we're here." "Are they…talking?" Caelius nodded, heaving the sack back onto his shoulder. He leaned further forward, trying to catch anything discernable. "They're talking Igneous," said Caelius, smiling. "But that's just their type, isn't it? We're in Scotland, these are volcanic rocks…igneous." "Yes, that's right, but that's their language too. It's not a spell that lets the Headmaster of Hedgewards know that we're here. They talk to one another, pass it between the stones right up to the castle, through its foundations, through its walls…" "That's so cool," Septimus half-whispered as Caelius stepped over the boundary. As he did so the chattering got louder. "Wow…" "This way," Caelius said, not looking back as he climbed to the zenith of the hill. "Come on, there's a better view from here." An hour later and Septimus had been given strict instructions where and where he was not to explore. The castle was being modified for the incoming non-wizard students and it was more dangerous than usual. Grinning inwardly Septimus left Professor Snape's office in the company of a house-elf who had looked as if he would faint as Professor Snape, his gimlet-eyes fixing on the magical creature, reiterated what he had said to Septimus, and he descended the spiral staircase with a map of the castle grounds and, when he got to the bottom looked to his right in the direction of the Great Hall. "A good choice, sir," wittered the house elf, dithering by his side, his too-long-for-him Hedgewards clothing gathering at his ankles. "If you don't mind me saying so sir, you look too young to be in the Ministry." "How is the training progressing? You've not told me of any resignations so good, I trust?" "Better than I expected, I must admit." Severus Snape slipped from behind his desk, probably the first headmaster in Hedgewards' history to wear leather trousers. "Although it may hav passed over Binns; the rest were enthusiastic, however. Your policy has gone down well. You'll not find many teachers against the idea of teaching their subject. It's a challenge." Snape nodded at the bag that Caelius had struggled with over the grounds of the castle. "We're making the adaptations in line with James's recommendations. The curriculum has a few adjustments still to be made with it and, as you saw, the builders are in. I take it you have some objects there?" "Just a few," admitted Caelius, crossing the flagstone floor and tipping it onto Snape's desk. The headmaster's eyes scrutinised the bag's contents. "Teapot, alarm clock, pyjamas…you think the castle's spells need to be adapted to recognise a teddybear?" "You've been a teacher at this school for a long time, Snape," replied Caelius smoothly, "and you're honestly telling me that you don't think some of the school's first-years…fourth-years even, bring their own cuddly toys?" Severus Snape's eyes narrowed. "And these are all from Cecilia Lupin's house? "Genuine non-wizard possessions. I believe the teddybear is Septimus's," he added. "It'll take a few hours, then you can take them back with you. I couldn't deprive the lad of his teddybear." "I think it might have been forgotten recently. As his next of kin I thought it only right to be the one to get him his first pet, especially if he decides that Hedgewards is the school for him in a couple of weeks time." "You don't sound so sure…" Snape paced a couple of steps towards Caelius, "…and yet you've presumed…" He stopped, then added, "you talk as if both his parents are dead." Caelius paused for a moment. Snape was always going to be sensitive around the topic of Cecilia Lupin but he knew it must be addressed before the joint heads of the Reciprocator movement could get on with business. "There's been protests, of course, but nothing of consequence." They eyed each other carefully. Neither one would ever have been able to say where mistrust came from. Snape had never fallen for Caelius's charmed talk; Caelius knew that he owed Snape for the brilliance he had never had. They had taken over Aberforth's role and their predecessor could never have chosen better, on paper at least. But maybe he knew more than he appeared to for, despite it all, they did manage to work, there was a professionalism between them. From the frame above the fireplace Aberforth Dumbledore winked, ever so slightly. "Both are alive…we have detected Cecilia." Snape raised an eyebrow. "It is not discernable exactly where she is, but she is in th country. There is only a limited amount of places where she would be heading, of course." "And you've told Septimus his mother is alive and in the country? He did look a little more at ease than when I saw him last." And when was that, precisely? Thought Caelius. "A question arises, have you not given the child false hope? She may not be on her way to see him, especially after the role you have given to her. You don't know where she will go." "We can but see. But I did not recall her, she came of her own free will. Her own wilfulness got her here and the most precious thing to Cecilia, as we know, is Septimus. She's bound to be trying to find him. You've not heard from her I take it?" Snape shook head. "My last correspondence was over eighteen months ago." A long pause lingered between them before Snape made his way to the fireplace. Pulling his wand from the back of his trousers (a dangerous place to stow a wand, or it would be had Snape not taken adequate precautions), he tapped on the fireplace. It slid grindigly, stone-on-stone, up behind the wall to reveal a set of steps leading round in a spiral. "I expect you'd like to see what changes have been made to the castle? If you'd accompany me, we'll go this way." "Before we go, there is something I must discuss with you, Severus." Snape paused sharply. Caelius Lupin had only ever once called him by his first name and that was when he had thanked him for devising the wolfsbane potion that had allowed him to control his lycanthropy. "Remus and Sirius. They're still unconscious and still in St. Mungo's. How does the progress of any hope for my brother go? Have you been able to come up with something?" A change in Caelius's usual self-assured tone made Severus Snape pause, unused as he was to the wizard's humility. "Until they awake, I can administer nothing, as I've explained. Has there been a change in either's condition then?" "They've begun to feed Remus animal blood by drip. He was failing until someone suggested it – his body had rejected the glucose and minerals. On the one hand, it is good news for him, he is still with us…" But on the other, Snape added, completing the rest of Caelius's unspoken sentence, it is more likely he has taken on vampiristic traits. Septimus had had the best few hours of his life as the house elf, to whom he had admitted he was actually a student and not from the ministry, helped him explore. The magical creature had relaxed from its grovelling state and was now far more chatty saying he wished he had lived now and might have had a chance of coming to the school as a student. They had seen the dormitories, been in some of the classrooms – Septimus had resisted the urge to take anything off any shelves for he knew too well that it may spell doom – had visited the library and spoken to Madam Pince about the library books, wondering why they appeared spine-backwards with the edges of their pages showing ("because that's how they're supposed to be displayed. There's nothing on the spines, we have to write the book titles in the page-edges") and been outside to see the quidditch pitch. He'd glanced up to the owlery too, knowing that Owl would be there soon, with the other owls, collecting and delivering mail. Knowing he would be there? Was that his decision, then? Pausing by the wall of final year student photographs he found his father, standing with Sirius Black, James and Lily Potter and other people he knew of, smiling and waving (and in some cases cheering and in one poor boy's case, vomiting). Perhaps he always knew he would be here, despite what his mother wanted. "I understand this is yours?" The voice grated near his ear and his blood ran a little chillier than it had done whilst he had perused the student pictures. Septimus turned, knowing exactly who was standing behind him. "If that's all, sir, I'll return to the kitchen," stammered the house elf, scuttling away towards the Great Hall. And he was holding his teddybear. Why was he holding Ted? "Your uncle kindly brought some objects with him when you came to the castle. You may have noticed the sack." His lips turned up at the corners. It was a joke. Septimus relaxed a little when he realised that the headmaster wasn't being serious. "You're there, sir," said Septimus, pointing to a stone-faced youth at the back of the picture that his father was in. "Indeed." He held out Ted. "Your uncle has had to, unfortunately, return to the Ministry. I offered to return the objects, and yourself, back to your uncle's cottage." He began to walk towards the Great Hall. After a few moments Septimus followed, walking quickly to keep up. No Uncle Kay tonight then. Just as he was getting used to him being around. As they turned the corner into the foyer of the main entrance of the castle, avoiding a block hammer that one of the builders had accidentally dropped (Snape freezing it in mid-air before levitating it back to the embarrassed wizard) he asked about Septimus's decision about attending the school. "I think so," replied Septimus, "but – " "But – ?" "Mum always wanted me to go to a non-wizard school." "I see." "You worked with mum, didn't you?" Septimus wondered if he'd said too much but the wizard, rather than admonishing him, smiled a little. "Indeed. Your mother is a singular woman. I do believe that she would prefer you to make a free choice. Do you know about the changes that are happening in the school's history not a week from now?" Septimus nodded. "You're accepting non-wizards. I expect that's what the builders are in for." "Yes. And these objects that your uncle brought with him today. We have to train the castle's main spells to recognise these objects if they are brought in by non-wizards next week. Otherwise there'll be a lot of tidying up to do as they arrive." They crossed the courtyard and headed down the path that he had climbed with his struggling uncle. "Professor, can I ask you about mum? Uncle Kay said she was alive, and in the country." "Then he is sure to be right. He wouldn't have told you that if it weren't true. What would you like to ask me?" "What did mum do when she worked with you?" "Science," replied Snape, simply. "She helped us with our work. We could not have done some of the things we have done without her. As I said, she is a singular woman, courageous…intelligent. She taught too." "Caelius says mum's been found, but I'm worried." "You're right to be right to be worried. And it shows you are growing up." They began to descend, along the path Septimus and Caelius had taken. "When I met you at Grimmauld Place, years ago, you said I was too young to read mum's book about Harry Potter. Why did you say that?" "Because you were too young," said Snape, picking his way carefully past the gamekeeper's cottage. "Am I too young now?" A few moments of silence passed between them then Snape stopped abruptly, Septimus slipping a little to stop himself falling into Snape. "Do you think you're too young?" "I'm not sure…" "And you don't know whether you'd like to come to this school to learn?" Septimus opened his mouth, then closed it. "When you can answer those questions, you'll know if you're old enough." They walked in silence to the Edgestones, their Igneous chatter growing louder now Septimus knew to listen to it. "I understand your uncle bought you an owl. You're a very fortunate young man. Owls are rather expensive. What is his name?" "Er…" He crossed the Edgestones with the interjection still hanging. "Owl. But I'm still thinking of a proper name for him. Are we disapparating back?" "We are." Oh great, thought Septimus, his heart sinking. Bend your knees this time. At least you know what to expect. Somehow that made it worse. "Mervyn," said Snape as he held his wand aloft. "It means Great King." As they swirled into the ether Septimus's last thought was…Mervyn…it suits my little owl. 88888888
The handle turned in the empty kitchen and Cecilia Lupin stepped onto the orange-and-brown oversized flower tiles. Exhaling deeply she stopped to look around at the room as the realisation that her journey had now ended washed over her. She was back. Or rather, she was here. She had lived in this cottage once, at one time. Not in this time, of course. Here the cottage was inherited by the elder Lupin son, by the son who was bitten by the werewolf, something which, of course, had happened in Old Place. But in the Old Place the elder son was the only son, Remus Lupin, and it had been here he had sheltered from the world to hide his lycanthropy and here where Cecilia had lived, for a time, working on the Universal Link and Harry's potion before Severus Snape had whisked her away just before the Ministry had arrived to befuddle her. The knowledge that it was the first time she had been back here, even during her life with Remus in this world, struck her as important. Taking a few steps towards the former utility laundry room Cecilia's mind returned to the time when it had been filled with two Liebig condensers, flasks, blends, vials…now it was truly honouring its name with the old-fashioned slotted vent slats horizontal to let in the maximum heat from outside as shirts and trousers dried on an overhead hanging rail and an ancient washing machine from a company Cecilia knew had gone out of business in the 1960s settled like an elderly relative in a comfortable armchair behind the door. The cottage. Where she and Remus had spent their pre-wedding honeymoon period. The place which was almost totally isolated from the world, hidden from view from any road and a mile's walk from the main track. A place where a round shopping trip was ten miles each way and where only the most determined hiker might glimpse the green slate roof (to them a deserted crofter's cottage courtesy of the "Dissembled" spell). She turned on her heel as a creak above her reminded Mrs Lupin that her son was whom she was seeking and she strode past the kitchen table and through the door into the living room, the furniture the same, and in the same orientation, as in Remus's cottage. She stopped. The view she had before her now was identical to one which she had had in her head when she had been unknowingly sheltered at the Dursleys', in the guise of a home tutor for Dudley. All those nights when she had cried herself to sleep in the Dursleys' spare room she had pictured herself here; when she had heard the handle of the door press down and knowing it was Vernon Dursley attempting to try his luck and hearing him curse under his breath at his inability to remove the chair from under it she had screwed up her eyes and made her way in her mind up the open wooden stairs which were now to her right. When she had had to endure Petunia's dogged loyalty to her swine of a husband she focused on Remus's soft features smiling at her from the dated, threadbare settee; when Dudley had belittled her and talked down to her when she had been teaching him she remembered him holding her hand and talking about their future. And, as Draco Malfoy had identified her to the Ministry wizards and she had been pursued by a Dementor this place was in her head, how it smelt, the food cooking in the kitchen, the acrid smell of a green Harry's potion base wafting in from the utility room which had formerly been a coal-house, the living room, where she was standing now, where the open stairs led up to the bedrooms and small bathrooms before unconsciousness triumphed.. Here, the house seemed the same, same structure, same open windows and rickety steps down from the kitchen to the moorland, which she had ascended. No, Cecilia remembered, this wasn't the first time she had been here. She had been here once before, when Septimus had been a few weeks old and the Machiavellian mask of cunning that Cecilia was used to seeing in the years that followed and that she had come to abhor had slipped away to reveal genuine joy in their son, his nephew, and in the couple of days she and Remus has spent there Caelius had barely let Septimus out of his sight. Cecilia smiled as she recalled Caelius cooing over Septimus's Moses basket, oblivious to being seen. That's where he would be now, Cecilia assumed, in the same room that Caelius had provided for him all those years ago. Sentiment, it seemed, and familial love far stronger than double-facededness. But in essence the place was the same with sepia pictures of Remus's parents on the steps down to the moorlands, bucket in hand to collect water and shovel in another to collect peat to dry and burn in the open fire. Even wizards liked to fit in with the local populace and such activity was commonplace with Lakelanders; that wood was identified as being fuel, rather than by species, where limestone was dug up and heated to produce lime before being sprinkled by hand on the acidic soil, where the whole cycle of life, birth, death occurred not in sporadic isolation but as part of the fabric of the landscape. Where things were bought for function and only when they could not be made, adapted or altered for purpose. Not that Remus's parents were poor by any means, it was more their way of life, passed on from John Lupin's own parents. And to Cecilia, living there for just a short time, it felt more real, living with the land, not just in a house on it sealed off from it by double glazing. As she ascended the stairs she glimpsed her reflection in the mirror, shocked by her appearance. She looked far older than her forty two years; it was no wonder she had had several cars stop for her on the small stretch of the A591 that she had had to use to get across to Rydal – she looked like an old woman. And smelt like one too. For the first time in two hundred miles she hoped Septimus wasn't here so she could at least get clean enough to see him. "Hello?" Cecilia's voice croaked as it echoed upstairs. "Anyone home?" No answer. Descending back down the stairs she made the bold but critical decision to throw some logs on the fire, waiting a quarter of an hour for it to build up before taking off everything she was wearing and letting it burn, including her shoes. Ten days of hardship and sleeping outdoors, the staleness and dirt being turned into fuel for the back burner which Cecilia switched on. Ten minutes later and the water would be warm enough for a soak, a good trade. As she reclined in the soothing hot water her mind turned to the near future, when someone would be there, and how she explained her presence. No, Cecilia corrected herself, put her case firmly and assertively. It was only right that she, Remus and Septimus should be together as a family, return to Edgeford with the lakes behind them, and continue their lives. Then a thought occurred to her – she had brought nothing with her, other than what she was standing up in. On the bathroom chair in her shoulder bag lay some scribbled notes for belated owings on her journey. What would she do for clothing? Cecilia dried herself on the fresh clean towel that she had found in the airing cupboard, wrapping it around her before padding around to her son's room. Septimus had regularly spent time here in the summer, a great holiday for him when he was younger and he always took with him some clothes for his parents in case they were ever to visit. Remus had come but she had never visited Septimus here in summers past. Her only hope after her stupidity was that he had kept the suitcase in his room. On top of the wardrobe she found what she was looking for and Cecilia pulled out a patterned top and a long skirt, something which clearly Septimus had thought were suitable clothes (what she must have been thinking when she bought such drab things Cecilia hadn't a clue) and were entirely hideous. Beggars can't be choosers, Cecilia thought to herself as she pulled on the clothes and then sat down on her son's bed. She looked around. It was a typical eleven year-old's room: clothes that needed washing in a little pile behind the door next to some books. Others sat on the 1960s teak bookcase with models of Vikings and a longboat on the top. Amongst the books were ones about wizards, books about outdoors and some adventure books. A book which she and Remus had bought for Septimus about sea stories one Christmas was half-under his bed. Near the window was a cage, a tiny owl huffing almost silently at the bottom of it, its eyes clamped shut and one wing over its head. Apart from the eyes Cecilia could almost have mistaken it for a tawny-feathered tennis ball. How she wished she had been with Remus and Septimus to choose the little thing and her heart warmed as she thought of them both in Diagonalley looking at pets. It cooled slightly as the decision about secondary schools had clearly been discussed in her absence and, considering the magical creature and the existence of more than one book about magic in her son's summer holiday room had the decision already been made? She looked around further, knowing that she couldn't be sure until she had seen Remus and talked to him or Septimus. But a part of her, the new her, had come to realise that she didn't care any more. No matter where her son got his education as long as she was part of his life again questioned whether it mattered, in the long run. Shoes were scattered near the end of the bed and Cecilia smoothed the candlewick bedspread which, underneath, gave way to a more modern duvet which she discovered when she remade the bed, finding a small magnifying glass which seemed to go with a mystery book between the pillows. As she did her mumsy tidying it struck Cecilia that she had missed out on so much for the last nearly two years and she didn't know her son as well as she should. Getting to her feet Cecilia saw he had something else that was hers. On top of another heap of books by his wardrobe she saw a framed photograph, the last one of them, of the three of them, together, smiling, with Edgeford Forest behind them, a place where they used to take so many lovely walks as a family. "One of the only times which you ever made time for us," Remus had thrown at her, a sharp barb which struck deep and which had been one of the first thing he had apologised to her for when he had come to her at Durmstrang on the first day of June. Cecilia put the photograph aside and picked up a book next to which the photograph had been resting. It was a magic book, Book 1 of spells and she flicked through it, the description of the Universal Connection explained briefly, matter-of-factly, in neat gothic script. Here the Universal Link had been discovered and developed by Severus Snape as Hedgewards' first academic research. Perhaps if other academic institutions, non-wizard universities and the like, whose doctors and professors were obliged to carry out research, had not questioned the honorary title of "Professor" in magical academic establishments and called for parity Snape may not have been the discoverer in this world. Cecilia debated this for the moment before dismissing the thought. It was not an exaggeration, she concluded, to consider the wizard a genius. Of course he would have discovered the Universal Link – if not he, who else? Which is why it felt so strange to think that something she had worked on in this very place was reduced to sentences that included a mention that energy was in cells of wizards which was channelled for them to use magic whereas non-wizards didn't have that capability genetically; the W band convention which she had originally devised, was explained in a factbox and an "Interesting Fact " that wizards must be in magical environment for a long time for it to work to the best advantage. Which explained Petunia Dursley, of course, Cecilia thought who, in the Other Place, had chosen not to develop her magical powers even though she probably had the same potential as her sister Lily. Then there was the people like Tonks's father who were carriers of the W band but didn't have the ability to access it but magical environments affected him, as they had done her as a non-wizard. Petunia Dursley. Here she was Petunia Black, a good friend and confidante of Cecilia, especially just after her bilious outpouring at Grimmauld Place and before she had been banished to Durmstrang. At Privet Drive bitterness and sadness from all those years of being pushed aside, being in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong person, the wrong wizard, the wrong husband...here, she was happy with Sirius's brother Regulus and her son Darren, was a well-rounded, down to earth, child. Petunia was so very giving of her time, sitting up with Cecilia when she had hammered on her door in the early hours of the morning having walked out of Grimmauld Place that night in a white-hot fury. In fact Petunia was always there when she needed a chat – she understood the wizard world though chose not to be involved in it and Cecilia had done, especially in the later years when she had deliberately distanced herself from the Reciprocators. Put it down, a voice in Cecilia's head told her as the old dragon of acrimony stirred. It was behind her. She wasn't going to trouble herself with magic and science any more. Leave it to Severus. Leave it to the researchers at Durmstrang. Leave it to the Reciptocators, if any of them ever appreciated the connection, of course. She reached for her leather shoulder bag. Past the notes scribbled on the backs of receipts and adverts Cecilia's hand rested on a slim copy of a book she shouldn't have. It was the last thing she would do. Her intention had been to pass it on to Caelius and this is what she would do once she was reacquainted to her brother-in-law again. No matter what he had done to her it was the right thing to do, especially considering the current mood, in the newspapers at least, from what she could gather. Deep down she felt that he was doing the best for what he saw was important. The Art of the Wize had taken her many weeks to copy down and, in its raw, Norweigan form, she hoped that she had copied it truthfully. For she knew that what was in it was important, for the greater good of all. She certainly hadn't done it for the Reciprocators. No. She couldn't she wouldn't think about the hostility that she could feel if Cecilia only let herself, save to remind herself that it wasn't them that she did this for. Not that she had read it – she had skimmed what she thought was a general lesson preparation notebook – but the words "Universal Link" had been repeated too many times in the small document to be a coincidence. She gazed at her notebook and smoothed the creased, card surface. To the wizards at Durmstrang their research was just a job, a means to make money. Few if any researcher-teachers had a passion for science, for magic, for helping people just for the sake of it, for the love of it, although there had been one exception, Ragnhild Andersson, who would at least speak to her and ask Cecilia how she was. Her research was into the magical traits of the redheaded gene and Cecilia often thought how useful to her a visit to the Weasley family would be. At first she had assumed it was her, the situation, that she was seeing her non-elected position in the ranks of the Durmstrang wizards from a jaded perspective but Cecilia had learned that such a cool approach was common to all of the Durmstrang wizards. Not that she could approach work in that way, but Cecilia could see the advantages of keeping one step away from the subject matter of your work. She sat down on Septimus's bed again and stowed away the notebook. Her stay abroad had made Cecilia see the role of the Reciprocators differently. Not that a part of her would ever forget how they had treated her (forgive, yes, she would forgive for the sake of living back with her family) and their dedication, however false she felt it was in some of the witches and wizards, had made them an essential in the fabric and richness of the country's understanding between wizards and non-wizards. It wasn't as if the absence of Voldemort as he had been meant they were not needed – far from it. People needed reminding of the fact that differences didn't divide tem but unite them. Those people, Lily, James, Henrietta…Sirius, the Weasely family…Severus…Remus…those people who she thought she knew she had long ago realised that she certainly did not. That has been her biggest mistake, the huge assumption that she knew them, and on that basis been like she had been, making further more mistakes, assumptions, misjudgements, ill-judged remarks, out of context and, because only Aberforth, and then Severus and Caelius had known of her origin, could not make allowances for her. And further, she had not made the allowances she could have for their ignorance. Many had not said anything the night of, for want of a better word, her breakdown: many had said nothing, which she had taken as being their silent agreement of Henrietta Edwards' diatribe. They had just lost their leader, for heavens' sake, and there she was, the non-wizard wife of one of them yelling and screaming at her adopted daughter in front of them? Getting to her feet Cecilia walked out of Septimus's room and downstairs as Cecilia, not for the first time, considered the whole sorry episode from a neutral perspective. Perhaps she was judging them too harshly – would she have been sympathetic in her position? And had she been judging herself with equal severity? Would have been able to do what she had been doing for the last decade considering what he had been through in the Other Place, knowing she couldn't go back and had to remain, and not have had some sort of breakdown? How much had she hated the apathy. This was the last she would think about it, but she had to, to get it out of her system once and for all. She had sworn to give her and Remus a chance and put theses, her feelings, into their grave. She shook her head, knowing she would never have been in a hundred-mile radius of people with their attitude if she had had a choice. She descended the stairs, looking at Remus's parents holding their peat shovels and buckets. They looked so happy. Remus had often told her that all the time he had known them, before both of them had died, they would treat one another as if a courting couple, holding hands, kissing, sharing private chuckles over silly things. Perhaps she and Remus could be like that now, now they had given one another a second chance? The August sun had waned a little and longer shards of sunlight were glancing through the western-facing picture windows and Cecilia shook her head as she looked at the patterns the sunlight had created through the frosted living room door glass as it shone through and onto the mirror above the fireplace as she sat down on the larger of the tapestry-patterned, wooden-armed settees. Their indifference, the arrogance of such people in golden positions; such gifts that they just took for granted. And more than this, mocking her for her keenness, making allowances for Severus because of his unparalleled genius and position given identical circumstances. Was it Cecilia in herself that they despised so much, rather than her status? It was the women who thought like this, the wizards remained stony silent to the witches' incessant pallid chatter about personal advancement, status, possessions and female one-upmanship. How much she hated this, enhanced as it was in this backdrop. Behind their backs she called the women of the Reciprocators "the Plastics" for their brittleness, their fakeness, their artificialness all of which was just so inherently irritating. It had been her defence. On the regular occasions she would have to stay with them and be sociable Cecilia would cheer herself up by even numbering the witches, telling herself that them and their opinions were plastic personified: cheap but diverse and useful to have around. Thinking about it, was it really a defence or was she really no better than them? No, she thought. One of them needn't have taken the barbs and indirect comments so far. It was never by accident that Henrietta criticised her "Harry Potter" book, or her mere honorary role in the Reciprocators, or that she had been "moved on" from Hedgewards. All Cecilia knew was that there had been passion once in the Reciprocators – her favourite time before a meeting was to get there half an hour before any of the women showed up from work. Then Dedalus, Aberforth and Unctious Walker would talk about the "old days", laugh about shared experiences, where they really connected with one another, where the quest for wizard-non-wizard understanding was personal and front-line, not like now, when those involved in the Reciprocators had little to deal with personally other than paperwork and reports, Auror support and wizard-non-wizard liaison. Listening to the older wizards reminded her so much of the Or – – don't think it! Cecilia made herself focus on the here-and-now; on the fireplace, on its brickwork, scorched and roasted over decades of use, before getting to her feet, folding her arms and walking towards the kitchen door, the north-facing room cooler than the living room and refreshing on her bare feet. The Reciprocator movement would be different, of course, by its very role in a completely different society. The death of Aberforth would have changed it yet again. She opened the door to the kitchen, her bag swinging from her shoulder as she crossed the 1960s patterned tiles before opening the door and sitting on the fragile wooden steps that her parents-in-law had stood upon for their photo. That was why Cecilia had brought back the book, as a funeral gift to their tempestuous past, the Reciprocators and her, parting at last and drawing a line. Would it be useful to them? She still didn't know what it contained but Cecilia could work out that it mentioned the "Universal Link", "Conjurists" and "Non-Wizards" often enough to make it just a bit more than benign. Cecilia sighed at second-only decision that she was wholeheartedly behind (the other being leaving the Durmstrang Institute in the first place) and she decided that she didn't care if anyone else agreed with her decision. The soft summer breeze played with her hideously-patterned ankle-length skirt and she folded her arms. Of course, it wouldn't be for her to judge; if it was up to Cecilia she would have ignored it and come back empty-handed. But the conscience in her had been concerned that someone was seemingly attempting to discern between wizards and non-wizards using scientific evidence and she knew well enough that the wizard to whom the work belonged had Conjurist leanings and quite openly stated that both should be separate. Where Caelius was promoting policies based on entirely the opposite, if the work turned out to be what she suspected, an attempt at magical apartheid using science to justify it, her brother-in-law should be the one to read it and make decisions based upon it. In short, she had brought the book back for Caelius on the premise that, if she has been his spy, then here she was, with evidence of it all for him. She was done with it all. You're so good Caelius, at making people do what you want them to do, she said aloud to her absent brother-in-law. If there was a prize for spin and double-talk in politics you'd definitely win hands-down! And yet, thought Cecilia, though he was second to none at conniving she there were still one thing that had been so predictable – that Septimus would be there that summer, not at home with Remus in Edgeford. She had known that he and Remus had been living in the cottage in her absence but whereas Remus had told her he would be moving back, to make a fresh start with her, it hadn't stopped their son from spending yet another summer with his uncle. Thoughts of their future together filled Cecilia's mind and the muscles in her face smiled broadly, stinging and pulling into a rarely used expression. They would be happy once more and Caelius would not be able to stop them, of that Cecilia was determined with every fibre of her being. The image in her mind suddenly changed from the happy one she had been picturing in the mid-foreground into another. It took a few moments to realise that the figures standing there were actually real, though, and the flash that had preceded it was from an apparition. Helping her son to his feet Severus Snape had taken his hand and appeared to be talking to him. Cecilia froze. Septimus. And he looked ill…he shouldn't be Disapparating, not at his age! No wonder he felt sick! Cecilia stumbled down the five stairs and onto the moss-covered ground. Neither had seen her she ascertained, being over a hundred yards away. Her heart beat faster – her baby boy, just there, grown up so much in the last two years but unmistakeably her little Tim. She swallowed the heavy lump in her throat as she trod ungainly over sharp shards of rock towards them. Then stopped. Septimus had seen her. A moment passed between them and then time, as it was wont to do in these situations, stood still, and the distance between them grew smaller until they were both in each other's arms. A long look in their direction was the only pause that Severus Snape took before raising his wand and disapparating again, the sight of mother and son reunited in his view's wake. 88888888
88888888 Cecilia spent the evening with Septimus. Indeed, she had not left his side, nor he hers. They chatted and caught up; Cecilia asked him about how he was enjoying his new school and his explorations around the countryside; he asked her why she looked so thin and had short hair. "Hacked off because I was!" Cecilia had joked, and they'd both laughed about it. She'd sensed that he was concerned about her and she explained that she'd had a big adventure getting back to the cottage from Durmstrang, "which is probably why Uncle Kay thought I was missing," she'd added when Septimus's concern he managed to form into words. "I've done what work was needed doing." When Caelius had not appeared at teatime she'd made the effort to cook what little there was in the cupboards (spaghetti hoops, toast and eggs, cursing silently at the lack of fresh fruit and vegetables and vowing the cottage would be brimming full of the stuff the next day). As they ate Cecilia asked him about Snape and Septimus's face turned into a bright beam of happiness as he recounted his exploits, from nearly falling down the stairs from the third floor, the classrooms, the Great Hall and being "haunted" by all of the castle's ghosts in turn and the grounds. "There's even a place for Mervyn," Septimus had added, having let the small raptor out just before tea. "I couldn't think of a name for ages and then, as Professor Snape and I disapparated it just popped into my mind." "You have a relative called Mervyn, I think," Cecilia had said between forkfuls of egg, "you'll have to ask Dad about it." "Cool," Septimus had replied, cutting the exclamation short and falling silent. Then he'd added, "You worked with Professor Snape, didn't you?" Cecilia had nodded. "Why do you ask?" "Is he really very intelligent?" "Very, very intelligent," Cecilia replied firmly. "A genius, in fact." "Wow!" Septimus had replied, a grin appearing on his heart-shaped face, "a genius! And he's Headmaster!" Cecilia hadn't pursued that thread of the conversation at that moment; she'd noticed that he'd had an owl, a tour of Hedgewards and been impressed by the headmaster. All that appeared to be missing was Septimus himself, in school robes and meeting the train at Hedgemead Station and joining the rest of the students who's embarked at King's Cross. Septimus had helped her wash up and told Cecilia how the school was going to be accepting non-wizards, if non-wizards wanted to come and that Caelius had been extremely busy in organising things. Cecilia had tried not to show her thorough surprise and, possibly because she had just come from a highly exclusive educational establishment, how strange that sounded, but she was very pleased. At last, embracing inclusion. Of course it would be good for non-wizards: why should they not have the opportunity to learn about magic, even if they couldn't do it themselves? But how was that to benefit those with magic? When Septimus brought up the subject again at bedtime, extolling the virtues of the castle and the jobs that would be open to him, according to his uncle, when he went there Cecilia had asked, ""So you've decided to go? Septimus looked at her gravely. "You want me to go to Princemead, don't you?" Cecilia smiled and held her son's hand and she could see the weight of her words on his shoulders. "No, little Tim," she replied softly, looking into his brown eyes, his father's eyes, "wherever you go, whichever school, its your choice. I want you to choose it," she emphasised, smiling and taking her son's hand from on top of the cupboard. "It's your education, it's your future. I was wrong to impose my ideas on you, (to keep you away from the world of magic because of my animosity towards it she added to herself). If you want to go to Hedgewards then that's the school that I want you to go to. Septimus leaned over from his bed and grabbed her round the neck, hugging her close. Cecilia leaned in for the embrace – how she had dreamed of cuddling her son again, soothing his woes, feeding him as she had done that evening – and hugging hr only child close, as they had used to. She was determined never to be away from him again, whatever the personal cost. And an idea struck her, one she would take up with the aforeseen wizard who had been with her son that afternoon, one that would keep. Once Sptimus was asleep went downstairs, closing his door but leaving it slightly ajar and moving slowly towards the stairs, more because she was contemplating the conversation that was about to happen in the living room rather than fear of waking him. Here goes, she thought as her still-bare feet felt the polished wood of the stairs. As predicted Caelius was in his chair adjacent the staircase and, as predicted, as Cecilia was about halfway down the stairs Caelius looked up. He didn't look surprised but Cecilia waited until she'd sat down on the settee opposite him before she initiated a conversation, one which she had played out hundreds of times in her mind, each ending different from the last. "It's good to see you," Caelius began, leaning forward and smiling. His voice was as soft as she remembered when he had been at the door, shortly after being pulled up from behind the veil. His face was soft and neutral; resembling that of Remus so closely then that Cecilia had been convinced he was his brother. She had not known, of course, that she had surfaced in a place and time where the course of history had taken different turns and that Caelius had survived both infancy and Fenrir Greyback's bite. He didn't resemble Remus now, not the Remus she remembered in June, cares left behind and a new start pledged: indeed, Caelius looked careworn and wrung out. Well, that's what comes of weaving yourself up in your own schemes, Cecilia thought, of her brother-in-law's indiscretions in terms of honesty. Aloud, she said, banishing the negativity deliberately, and scolding herself, "you too." She swallowed, and added, "and Septimus seems settled." "Indeed," replied Caelius, staring at her. What, thought Cecilia defensively, what are you looking at? "Where did you get those from? Not that I know much about fashion, of course." Cecilia looked down, at her mismatched outfit and bare feet. "Septimus. I burned my filthy ones, and I knew he would have a spare set." It was mostly true, even though she had thought about looking for something to wear afterwards, rather than before. "I must go home and get something else. How did you know I was here? Edgestones?" "Magic," replied Caelius cryptically. "Once you'd got back to Britain I knew. And I told Septimus. He knew you were missing, you see." Cecilia opened her mouth in alarm. Septimus thought she was missing? Her poor lad! Then her eye drifted to the beige folder with a scarlet ribbon around it. She knew it wasn't hers, but it was enough of a reminder who was holding some of the cards in the deck, despite her resolve. "Look," said Cecilia levelly, dragging her eyes from the document wallet, "I'm sorry to be here like this, I had to come…I've missed Septimus like you wouldn't believe, and of course, there's Remus – " Caelius's features moved sharply a little " – and – " Cecilia stopped: she couldn't go on much longer under Caelius's gaze, she never could. "I'm so pleased that Septimus wants to go to Hedgewards, Caelius," she admitted. Cecilia knew deep down that this would be the school he went to. Whether he had been coerced, led, had it suggested, felt it was the right school to attend or had just decided by himself was open to debate. "He's grown so much…I've missed so much of him growing up," she continued. "How long has he been with you?" "Most of the summer," replied Caelius. Cecilia nodded. It would have made it easier for Remus too. "His owl's sweet." This hung between them. Any magical pet bought for an eleven-year-old witch or wizard sealed the deal on them being a Hedgewards student, more binding in the eyes of all even than their letter. She battled with her mouth, which was all too keen to excuse Caelius from overstepping usual protocol, of course, you didn't know where I was. And why am I presuming you'd bought the owl for Septimus in the first place? Remus could easily have taken Septimus… …but why hadn't her son mentioned that…? …in fact, he'd barely mentioned his father at all, other than that Remus wasn't there… …and probably the reason she'd thought this was written on her brother-in-law's face…. "Has he got his wand yet?" "No. Because I knew you were on your way at that time, I think he knew you were coming, even though I hadn't told him then…" Then? Then…? Cecilia swallowed, the weight of worry that Septimus must have felt, the anxiety, hit her. She held her head in her hands, the image of the fireflies, if that's what they were, burning brightly. "Cecilia, you were away. Septimus knew that," Caelius continued softly, addressing Cecilia's bent head. "He knew your work had a measure of danger and, well, of course he was concerned, but I think he knew you were all right, deep down. "But it's still there, the past. It will always be there…" Cecilia's words were less distinct as she addressed the thin, patterned carpet. "But now I'm staying I'll have to deal with that, I suppose…" …for the sake of Remus, Cecilia thought, her sentence tailing off and silent thoughts replacing it, but I'll have to, I'll have to rely on the fact that, when I meet them Lily will be her usual charming self and it'll take James less than ten seconds to talk shop. "Things have changed," said Caelius simply. "Such as…?" if things had, it would be unlikely to be peoples' memories. "Are the Reciprocators still at Grimmauld Place?" "Sirius is still our host, yes." Caelius said, waving his hand over the coffee table and making a pot of tea and two cup and saucers, condiments and milk appear underneath. "Would you like some?" Despite herself Cecilia nodded her head. She would dearly like more information about the Reciprocators but she bit it back – she may not be happy with the answer if she asked. Now she wanted just a moment to feel the happiness of motherhood, of her family, of being in a place of familiarity before the awkward questions had to be answered and the complications set in. It did not stop Cecilia from wondering about them though, those people whom she had considered friends, next to family, in some cases. She was about to say something along those lines, opening the vein once more, to draw a line underneath return when her eye was reacquainted with the document wallet under Caelius's brother-in-law's arm. How could she be sure that it wasn't her file? She remembered Caelius writing copious notes when she had surfaced in the Department of Mysteries, mistaken him for Remus and laid into Lucius Malfoy, mistaking him for the Death Eater she had known in the Old Place. It held details of her arrival and, most probably, a record of her reassignment. "I'm finished with it, Caelius, I'm done" Cecilia said, her tone a mixture of defiance and defensiveness. She knew Caelius and, whether the folder was to do with her or not, Cecilia knew that it wouldn't have been there, between them for this discussion, by accident. "I burned the lot, all that you hoped I'd bring" she continued firmly as Caelius picked up his arm, its ribbon loose exposing a good wad of parchment and, smoothing his fingers over it, asserted their respective positions. "You had no right to send me there, no right at all. It was for him, Septimus, my son – " her voice loud, staccato'ing the words and pointing above. " – I have nothing for you," Cecilia concluded, reining in her emotion as Caelius beheld her stoically, as he always did, "except for this." From her bag she pulled out her handwritten pages copied faithfully from the researcher at Durmstrang, Professor Bugge, she had borrowed it from and which she had spent all of one night right up until the dawn of the next meticulously copying down. "You'll have to have it translated; they speak English at Durmstrang, and Old Wizardish," Cecilia continued as she threw the book over to Caelius, whose hand moved just a little quicker than necessary to catch it. Inwardly Cecilia beamed a smile of eminent satisfaction: just that one movement was enough to show her how valuable he already believed it to be, despite leaving it in his lap, unperused. A look passed between them, the subject of her return closed and Cecilia wondered who would change the subject first. As she was about to ask after Remus Caelius spoke. "Would you like some supper, Cecilia? I expect you've not had anything since you got back – " " – I shared some food with Septimus. That was more than enough." "A drink then?" She nodded and Caelius waved his hand over the low table between them. Cecilia watched as Remus's family's Wedgwood tea service appeared, the fat, stumpy teapot's lip pouring steam. He poured out two cups before waving his hand over the dark brown liquid and she watched as it grew gradually paler as unseen milk was added to it. She nodded and smiled, feeling a little less tense than she had done, as Caelius handed her a cup without milk. "So, when will Remus be back? Tonight?" Cecilia asked, shifting the topic onto easier common ground. "Why do you ask?" replied Caelius, his tone remaining so annoyingly neutral as he stirred a sugar cube from the square sugar bowl on the table into his tea. Cecilia got to her feet, putting back down her tea to cool and began to walk towards the window at the far end of the living room, a spot she had stood in all those evenings when she had lived here with Remus, watching the setting sun and praying to a god that she didn't believe in that the potion she was scientifically ripping apart into its constituent parts only to reassemble into a greater form of itself really would be enough to rid the world of Lord Voldemort via Harry Potter. She turned, the setting sun now behind her and she walked back over to Caelius, a knot, a knaw of concern now in her stomach. "Only Septimus said…Septimus said he wasn't here…is he working? The Ministry? The Reciprocators, I suppose," she concluded, the conversation one sided, Caelius's contribution notable by its absence. Then she recalled something Septimus said, his actual words. He;d not told Cecilia that Remus had been working – "Dad's not with us," he'd said. "Caelius," she urged. "Please tell me." Please tell me what you're trying not to tell me, Cecilia added silently. Please tell me what you would have preferred to tell me after your night at the Ministry and after I'd had a good night's sleep, as you'd so clearly planned. "Sit down, Cecilia." Caelius's words, though soft, were as persuasive as a gun to her back. She obeyed unquestioningly. Caelius stood up and approached the settee, standing to right but pointing his wand beyond her and into the space in front of the fireplace. There a scene unfolded, a little like a cinema-film though without the projection screen and Cecilia made out a row of beds. She peered towards the dark picture, trying to make out what Caelius was trying to show her and the scene panned around and one of the beds grew bigger in view. Cecilia listened, open-mouthed, as the vision of her husband, a gash to his head, and bandages around both arms, eyes closed and still was accompanied by Caelius's grave recounting of the horrifying story that had been Remus and Sirius's attack almost a month ago. As she watched, a healer and non-wizard doctor held a silent conversation next to the bed as the healer took Remus's temperature and changed one of the bandages, which Cecilia noticed was attached to a drip. The group then expanded to include Caelius himself who had appeared at the bottom left of the screen. As with all memory projections the view of St. Mungo's, notably different by its integration of medical experts both wizard and non-wizard, it wasn't in real-time. When Caelius had finished he flicked his wand towards the image, which disappeared. "I…have to go to him…" Cecilia's mouth was dry and she turned to Caelius who was kneeling next to her, gripping him by the lapels of his tweed jacket. "I must! You have to take me there, Caelius, to 's! Tonight!" Letting go, her mind still in utter bewilderment – whatever she had been expecting her brother-in-law to say she did not expect it to be that Remus was so badly injured because of conjurists that he was in hospital – she got up again, tying to reconcile everything in her brain. "Look, what good would it do, going now? You've just got back to Septimus; he's asleep, you're shattered...I've got a Ministry shift in an hour…how about I take you in the morning?" Cecilia looked at him, the dinosaur of doubt stalking into her peripheral vision, the feeling that his words were more like what he wanted to her to hear rather than being the crystal truth. What he was saying was sensible. "They're both sedate, comfortable," Caelius continued. "What difference would a few hours make? What good would it do you, leaving Septimus, when you're clearly exhausted, and malnourished by the look of you, and in need of rest? You could have a good sleep – there are fresh sheets on my bed – and you could go tomorrow." It all made perfect sense, all the arrangements pre-ordained. All the plan was waiting for was for Cecilia to comply. "Septimus…knows his father's…like that?" Caelius nodded as he got to his feet. Cecilia hung her head for a moment, motherly protectiveness wanting to go up to Septimus and lie down next to him, as she had done when he was a young child, guarding him from imagined dangers in the night. How awful he must have felt, both his parents away from him, one seriously ill and the other missing. He would sleep well here though; Cecilia knew. Septimus had explained that Caelius often had to go to the Ministry at night and that he set a spell when Septimus got up so he would be transported to Caelius, or at least his uncle would know where he was. She had felt momentarily angry by the fact that Caelius left his nephew alone until the realisation that he had done all he could for his protection had dawned on her and made total sense. She closed her eyes, seeing in her minds' eye the image of Caelius himself sitting next to Remus and holding his hand, indicating, of course, that it was not a real-time view of her husband…not that her brother-in-law had ever said it was…but it could have been interpreted that way; it was implied…it was always implied with Caelius. If he never said it then he could never go back on his word. "You needn't give up your bed for me," Cecilia replied, shaking her head as she thought of the day that she'd lived through. "I'll sleep on the settee rather than put you out." Caelius shook his head. "We can consider our domestic arrangements tomorrow. I won't be needing a bed tonight. I can take you back home to get some clothes and things." Taking a few steps towards the stairs Caelius gestured his hand upwards. Cecilia followed, stepping past him and up the stairs but before continuing up she turned sharply and stared intently at Caelius. "When will you be back from the Ministry? Two? Three?" "Around then," Caelius agreed. "Then wake me up and take me to Remus." It wasn't a request, yet the older wizard was far from swayed by fiery demands from Cecilia, and she knew it, so much so that when Caelius nodded it took a few moments to sink in. "Thank you. Thank you for taking so much time and trouble with Septimus." Caelius said nothing, but nodded his head. When she got to the top of the stairs Cecilia turned left and peered into Septimus's open door. The window was ajar, clearly to allow for Athenian comings and goings, and the soft evening breeze played with the curtains. Septimus was fast asleep, his covers pulled tightly to his chin and his feet sticking out of the bottom of the duvet. Resisting the urge to tuck him in she turned back and walked along the landing. Cecilia looked into her and Remus's room, or what had been their room in the Old Place. It was as it always had been, sparse and basic, utilitarian, absent of her clutter. Turning her back on Caelius's room pushed down on the handle of the bathroom door, opening it and closing it behind her. Half an hour later Cecilia hauled herself out of the bath, cleaner and far more relaxed. And precisely three and a half minutes after that, wearing one of her husband's shirts and vowing to hold her brother-in-law to his promise of acquiring some of her belongings Cecilia sank into Caelius's bed, her mind fixed on Remus as the day's events in condensed form flashed over her cerebellum. Moments later and she was solidly asleep. Looking up the staircase as he flicked his wrist and secured the cottage Caelius's mind dwelt on his sister-in-law, Remus's wife, Septimus's mother, whose appearance ten years ago into their lives had meant nothing but trouble. You may stay Cecilia, thought Caelius, the book she had given him, more valuable than two years' worth of research and something which would remain on his person until he could find a translator he could trust, payment enough for his hospitality. For now. 88888888
88888888 It was the first time for as long as Caelius could remember that all of the Reciprocators were on duty. It hadn't been the best of news he'd ever had to share though he suspected that most had guessed. The wizards and witches were rarely called together mid-week and when he outlined their roles and duties for the night, the shifts and areas of the country they were to cover – those where high concentrations of known Conjurists had been more heavily manned; Pendle Hill; Snowdonia; Bodmin and Dartmoor and in addition seven of the country's major cities. It had been unprecedented, the level of attacks both in frequency and severity. There had been twenty seven arrests in London alone the night before and he had met with the country's Prime Minister assuring him that he would use all means necessary to increase the "wizard police" as the man insisted on calling Aurors. In addition he had had a meeting with the cabinet of the Combined Government, listening patiently to their fears that the ministry may come under attack. Caelius had little evidence for such a target – none of his spies and agents within the Conjurists he had infiltrated had even hinted at such an attack. So here he was, in a back street in Hull close to the city centre, watching dock workers and students weave their way towards clubs and pubs, watching. And hoping he had enough patience to see the shift out, return to work, delegate some more work to the Mullens, Wigley and Malfoy - this time with respect to Hedgewards (they'd be none too pleased) and go back home, taking his nuisance of a sister-in-law to see Remus. Slipping back into the shadow, under the sign of the narrow winding street Caelius considered the high level approach he had co-ordinated. Albus Dumbledore was too subtle, he knew. He would never allow uncontrolled, unco-ordinated attacks but that hadn't stopped the extremists, the off-their-heads vigilantes who would have picked a fight with another cause had there been one to hand And once he had delivered and collected his sister-in-law he would head a meeting back at Grimmauld Place. As usual Snape would be conspicuous by his absence – Caelius was neer usually bothered but at this moment, standing in the most ludicrously-named street in the most boring city in the country for some reason it irked him. So, minus his opposite number in the education and research field the Reciprocators would report back at 5am, of which he would share the elements with the Combined Government. What he would not share – yet – would be the return of his sister-in-law. And she would not relish being in contact with either the Reciprocators or the Ministry just yet. And what then? What crisis would Cecilia Lupin present him with when he returned for what he considered to be a well-deserved rest? How much would she bother him? A pair of figures at the market end of The Land of Green Ginger caught his eye and Caelius followed their wake they made their way towards the quays. He moved slowly in that direction before stopping suddenly as both turned off in the direction of the Dram Shop. Neither were known Conjurists and neither had done anything suspect. Pressing his back against the wall of the George Hotel Caelius realised he had his had on the outside of his cloak, pressed against the book she had given him. Caelius thought of the course of the future that he had planned for Cecilia Lupin. It had not involved her being welcomed into his house – indeed: it included a rather more permanent detainment for which he would squarely lay the blame on protocol and national security. But this – this…he pressed his hand harder, as if his light touch was deceiving him. This had bought her freedom. He could understand why she'd done it, burned all she had with her but also rescued this. All of it could be logically conjectured if one knew about Cecilia. It was as if she had discarded the graphite and brought back the diamond, so much was its potential. The trickiest part would be to have it translated. Oh, he could use an imp translator, translating the nuts and bolts of the language. But it would take a wizard to convey the nuances, the subtleties hidden within the Scandinavian language, something which could not be discerned from mere impish translation, and something which was vital for gaining insight into the purpose and nature of its creation by its author. More movement, this time from the back entrance of the hotel. Who in heaven's name would be using the George as a tourist hotel Caelius could not begin to understand (perhaps they were Humber Bridge fans on an annual convention?) but they were tourists nonetheless and he watched them step down to the pavement from the front door, consult maps and guides before heading in the direction of the William Wilberforce memorial. He hadn't mentioned to Cecilia about Ragnhild Andersson contacting his hearth. Her daughter, of course, attended Hedgewards, a NEWT student, and her views appeared, from the intelligence he had received, were less extreme than most who worked and taught at Durmstrang. Nevertheless it would be risky to engage the witch, not least because of her own internal defensiveness due to her gift but also she was very likely to guess from where he had his information. Besides, a Mysteriour Caelius knew was gifted in languages and owed him more than a favour. Watching the two men laugh and carouse their way down the street and into Manor Street, towards main centre of the city Caelius forced the lethargy away. He had enough to do without having to stand there, on watch for civil unrest. But of course he had to set an example both to the Ministry and the Reciprocators by being there, even though it was now nearly eleven and the most exciting thing that had happened in the city's street had been a pair of scissors falling on the floor in the street's hairdressers. Where he needed to be was back at the office, recalling the Hedgewards work and ensuring that all the amendments and changes would be carried out, both legally and practically for non-wizards going to the school in just over a fortnights' time. He walked slowly back towards the sign on the corner of The Land of Green Ginger and Beverly Street. And at least half a dozen of the non-wizard applicants had come from the other years. A foolish but not inconsequential oversight and hadn't relished the owl he'd had to send to Snape regarding each of the years which would be affected. Shaking his head and focusing on the task in hand Caelius Lupin focused on the group of students that were heading towards the Waterside. 88888888 The hospital for magical injuries, commonly known as St. Mungo's was located in two places in London, or rather under two places: St. Bartholemew's and Great Ormond Street hospitals. The basements were ideal for liaison between magical healers and non-wizard doctors who worked in the respective hospitals above. It was a practical and useful arrangement for staff: healers may need to be called as consultants for wizard attacks on non-wizards and non-wizard doctors regularly liaised with healers to bring non-wizard relief to their wizard patients. Remus and Sirius were located right at the bottom of the bottom of the basement, the seventh floor in a building that technically only went down to six. The hospital entrance was far darker than she had expected and, as Caelius quickly left her, promising to meet her at dawn back at the reception, the absence of sound where there should have been the squeak and grind of a passing tube train only served to emphasise that the hospital was indeed magical. They had initially gone to the other building but, after a search through the paediatric ward, its walls decorated with witches, bats, pumpkins and other things which wizard children would be comforted by, they were directed to the building under St. Barts, Caelius putting his error down to having had never used the non-wizard entrance. Once in the foyer, a dark open space in which there should have been rumbling of a tube train which she had seen passing outside Cecilia shuddered at the silence as the duty reception-imp ushered her down the stairs briskly before a wide pair of doors opened by themselves to reveal a limestone-pavement effect. The imp appeared to be in good spirits, holding open the impossibly heavy-looking doors so that Cecilia could pass through and pointing out the treatments that were being undertaken on each floor. To Cecilia, who had barely slept when she had slid between the crisp sheets of Caelius's bed for concern about what sight awaited her when she reached her husband, his jovial monologue mere irrelevant garnish. "…and the seventh…technically not existing, but here it is, anyway!" The imp pushed against the thick oak doors which swung out on their hinges slowly and haunted house-like. Cecilia followed him, looking around at several empty beds, one which seemed far too small for its occupant, a huge, green-skinned giant lying board-straight and covered in a tiny wool blanket. "…we have the obscure and the hopeless down here…" Cecilia stopped and stared at the imp. The hopeless? The obscure? Neither sounded particularly promising when it came to Remus. Caelius had explained to her that he had been attacked by a vampire brought in by a group of gung-ho, misguided, naïve Conjurists who he and Sirius had been assigned to investigate as part of their Reciprocator work. Sirius would, of course, was in a far better position than Remus, considering his possible lycanthropy which was easily treatable. From what she could deduce, from her sleepless hours that night, little or no treatment was available for vampires. "…and here is Mr. Lupin..." The imp had continued on his path regardless of the fact that Cecilia wasn't with him and she walked hurriedly to catch up with the tiny magical creature. "Thank you. You're welcome…people these days…" The imp muttered to himself irritated as Cecilia stepped passed him without acknowledgement and next to Remus, and he turned and began to walk back towards the door, nodding to a healer as he passed. Cecilia took in his appearance, shaking her head as tears pricked her eyes. Outwardly he was more or less as she remembered him, far paler in his skin tone, though hard to discern in such dim light as the ward offered. Except for his hair, which was longer (he was always so bad at getting a trim) and the colour, which had changed from mousy blonde-brown to white. In his left hand a canula allowing for the intermittent collection of blood and a drip in his upper arm. Gently, shakily, Cecilia took Remus's right hand, stooping to bed level as she scanned his still body. Then, without warning, she buried her head close to the sheets and sobbed. How much I love you, my darling, she thought urgently as she cried. How grateful I am you came to me! That we vowed to make a fresh start, that we sealed it…as a husband and wife should! How you're lying there, so ill… Cecilia looked at Remus, his chest barely moving up and down. He was breathing though. Her mind began to race as she considered the situation, his appearance, what had happened. But before she allowed her mind to analyse it she got to her feet and, bending over the bed, still holding his cold hand Cecilia stroked his cheek. I'll do whatever I can, for you, my love. She was about to lean over to kiss his lips as a healer approached. The stout woman, dressed as she had seen Poppy Pomfrey dressed when she had worked at Hogwarts, and Hedgewards too, matronly, hair back under a cap and a determined expression on her face, approached the bed. "Good evening," she said, her voice clipped and abrupt, addressing Cecilia but not looking at her. "I take it you're Mrs. Lupin? Mr. Lupin, Mr. Lupin's brother said you would be coming. No, I wouldn't touch him too much; as yet we know little about the transmission of the infection. Bites, obviously, and the ward's dark, of course." Cecilia watched as the healer reached down the bag whose contents were coursing into Remus's arm, continuing to hold his hand nevertheless. "Can you tell me about his condition? How long he had been here? Has there been any change?" The healer looked at her, an expression a mixture of scorn and contempt. "I may be attending the patient," she replied severely, her brows knitting, "but I am a healer, you know, I…look," the woman sighed. "Of course. You're an En-doubleyou…" …an En-doubleyou? Cecilia paused, thinking about the word. What's an…NW? "An non-wizard..?" explained the healer, a tone of forced patience in her voice. "So of course you don't appreciate…look," she said again. "We healers heal. We don't send other people in to do the dirty work." Of course, thought Cecilia, her mind racing between the woman's obvious distain at her non-wizard status and consequential doltishness and her indirect explanation that healers played the role of both the doctor and nurse in magical hospitals. Of course, she thought Cecilia believed her to be ignorant and unskilled in magical prognosis just because she had seen to his drip and changed his catheter. She decided to play the part, much to the disgust of her pride and more for practical reasons – that she may gain a greater insight into Remus's state. "Of course," she said, this time aloud. "I knew, I just, er, forgot. Can I talk to you then?" When the woman didn't move Cecilia took it as a cue to continue. "How long has he been here?" "Almost a month. Mr. Lupin Senior brought both Mr. Lupin and Mr. Black here – " she gestured towards Sirius who, though Cecilia knew was just there, adjacent Remus, hadn't taken it in. He too, pallid and still, a mere flicker of his chest moving, lay silent. She looked further at Sirius, who's appearance seemed more maligned than Remus. He, by Caelius's account, had taken a curse full on, resulting in a gash from collarbone to his left cheekbone. She turned back though. She was here for Remus, no-one else. Especially no-one who had so much better a chance of getting through this than the man she loved. "What are you doing for him? What are you able to do?" "Keep him stable. We have had a specialist healer discussing his case, he has spoken to Mr. Lupin about Mr. Lupin's condition," she continued. "Little is known about vampire lore in the country and the specialist healer comes from Romania. We are working hard with him to hasten a cure. At the moment, we are keeping him stable." Cecilia's eye drifted to the drip bag. The clear, colourless liquid had moved infinitesimally down, that was clear and she squinted in the semi-darkness at the label. "Allium sativum," she read aloud. "It is a stabilising agent." "It's the essence of garlic," Cecilia replied, her tone measured in order to control her emotions. "I understand the dim light; I understand monitoring the blood for changes for a person who has been bitten by a vampire. Please can you explain how garlic is preventing him from dying and not killing him?" The healer said nothing for the moment. Clearly Cecilia's tone, punctuated with a mixture of defensive anger and accusation was enough to make her consider her response. "You clearly have some understanding of the condition. Please stop me if you don't understand." She looked back at Remus, lifting a hand holding a cotton cloth and wiping his brow. "His blood has thickened and his metabolism has slowed, in response to the antigen. His body is trying to fight but, if untreated, he will, eventually, develop the condition. Using one of many essences from the garlic, or indeed the onion family, helps to delay the spread of the toxin around his body. He does not have to fight as hard as he probably would have to prevent the vampirism invading his whole system. People don't always necessarily become vampires, you know. Many die as their body gives up on the fight." "So it's stalemate." "At the moment, yes. It is the only mans we have of helping Mr. Lupin conserve his energy and his body can heal the other injuries he sustained." Cecilia opened her eyes wide. Caelius hadn't mentioned other injuries. She watched as the healer pulled back the blanket and sheet. Cecilia gasped in horror. A wound, deeper than that which Sirius appeared to have sustained ran diagonally from appendix to armpit. "Paracelsus knows what those stupid Conjurists had at the place where Mr. Lupin and Mr. Black went," continued the healer, lowering the covers. "But one thing I do know is that unless the government do things to stop it, or at least restrain halfbreeds – and I say this with complete objectivity; they have every right to exist and live in this country, if that's what the Ministry decree, of course – if the laws are relaxed we'll see more of this." The healer exhaled. "Once he does wake, Mrs Lupin, that will be when we know if anything our specialist can do will help. Once he wakes, and when we have a treatment, that's when we'll know if he'll survive. We can do nothing when he is unconscious bar keep him comfortable." Cecilia said nothing as the healer fell silent, watching as she filled up a small glass vial with a small quantity of blood from the canula. A multitude of thoughts crossed her mind, including, "they'd have never believed a healer would have taken blood for analysis in the Old World," "why couldn't it have been Remus who'd gone in first; he would have had the werewolf bite then, and there's a cure for that here," "no matter what, I love you, and I'll never leave you again no matter what," and "Snape'll be able to do something, and this time I'll keep out of it, unless I have anything useful to say, but I won't involve myself in science and magic again." With one last look at Sirius, the man who, if he had his way Cecilia knew, would have wished she would have stayed on Durmstrang's island for the rest of eternity (she knew this because it was the last thing he had said to her before she had left Grimmauld Place on that fateful night), Cecilia knelt, took Remus's hand and held it, burying her head close to it until Caelius came to find her.
88888888 The shafts of bright sunlight on the walls of the room, yellow and strong, held Septimus's gaze as he drifted into wakefulness. Usually he was straight out of bed, no lounging about for him, but today something felt different. What was it? A feeling, in the pit of his stomach. No, not a feeling. The opposite. An emptiness. Like something was missing, something absent. Septimus turned his head towards the window, the breeze tousling the curtains and, shuffling up his bed he peeped under the hem before looking towards the owl cage. No, it wasn't Mervyn, who had clearly had his fill of rodents that evening and had littered the windowsill with pellets; the little feathered ball was perched in his cage, his head fixed forward, his eyes closed. Septimus shuffled back down under his covers and focused on the sunlight again. Was it Sam who had caused this feeling, with his exam results, his General Certificates of Magical Education, mere days away? Decisions about his friend's future hanging in the balance? Septimus thought. And then he remembered…the strange feeling inside… …his mum was back! Of course! And Uncle Kay had said his Dad was getting better; he was going to Hedgewards, so too was his friend of course. The feeling was relief accompanied by a large dose of happiness, happiness about things being right. He thought briefly to the letter he'd had from Sam. How much happier he'd be when he next saw his friend, telling him he'd be going to Hedgewards too. He glanced over at the letter, which was on the floor by his yesterday clothes. Septimus could understand how Sam would think it strange for non-wizards to be attending the school, and his friend had gone on to talk about next year being the first year of dual classification which would run parallel with the non-wizard education system. This was nothing new to Septimus; Caelius had spoken to him about it when they'd discussed school. But Uncle Kay had gone further and suggested that eventually the wizard system would eventually be replaced altogether. "And there'll be the new subjects," Sam had written, "mum and dad have been working on what they might contain. Magically-relevant science…scientifically…relevant magic, magic in non-wizard society, science in magical society. I wish we'd had some of these subjects when I was your age, Sep," he'd gone on to say, "but what will be left out? I hope it's "History of Magic" rather than "Defence"." And then Sam had told him of his dream to become an Auror in the European Ministry, a demanding career which involved fight law-breaking wizards. "Sometimes I wonder if I've passed anything at all. If not, I can forget about being an Auror." Septimus shook his head at the letter. If Sam Potter hadn't passed his OWLS then there was no hope for anyone else. Sam had been encouraged to use magic at an early age, unlike Septimus. Dad had shown him a little but mum had said he should wait until he got to whichever school he would go to. Mum had encouraged non-wizard skills too, saying that whether he chose a wizard or non-wizard school knowing how things worked without magic would always be to his benefit. Mum's right, thought Septimus as he pulled back the duvet, swinging his legs over the edge and getting to his feet. I wouldn't have attempted a lot of things by now if I'd have waited to learn magic. Not that he hadn't tried magic though, but it had always come out as a little blue smoky puff from his junior wand from the children's Magic Set that Caelius had given him on his eighth birthday. "Wait until you're trained properly," Dad had said when, just after his mother had left, he'd tried to use a charm from the Magic Set's book and set the living room curtains on fire and he was convinced his mum would be angry. "Wait till you have a real wand. It'll be easier then." And then they'd turned up the curtains, Dad telling him that mum would never notice and, even if she did, she wouldn't mind. Septimus knew his Dad was right too. He pulled open his bedroom door, stepping carefully over the objects strewn in his path and turned left, heading towards the bathroom. It wouldn't be long until he had his results anyway and Septimus could tell him that he was going to Hedgewards too. Ablutions over and Septimus dressed himself in jeans and jumper. Although the weather was warm and sunny he and Julian were going out exploring again. He approached the cage where Mervyn was sleeping, reached in his hand, moved it back quickly to avoid the startled peck from the unexpected fuss, then massaged the little bird behind his head. Mervyn opened one eye, made a quiet buzzing sound, almost like a cat purring, then closed it again. "If I leave the window open, you'll be fine, I expect," said Septimus to his owl, thinking about his mum's question the previous evening asking whether he was pleased him. "Mervyn is cute," Septimus had said, "I think he'll grow into a handsome bird." "But I wish you'd been there to buy him mum, and dad too." Much as he was growing attached to the owl, and was very grateful that Caelius had bought him, now that his mum was back it didn't seem quite right. "But you might not have got Mervyn," Cecilia had reminded him. "I'll be there at least to get your wand." Septimus smiled as he remembered his mum's words. She was happy with his decision, he could tell. No held back words or changes of subject. Mum was pleased he was going to Hedgewards and this had made him very happy indeed. Smiling again at Mervyn, Septimus turned and crossed back to the door, thinking about the mess and that he'd tidy up when he got back, grabbed his makeshift tea-strainer net and fishing rod and headed downstairs. Mum was outside, having washed by hand what was in the laundry room, and she was hanging out towels, sheets and some of Septimus's clothes on the wide washing line, securing it with wooden pegs. "Have you had some breakfast?" she asked, turning from the washing and stepping closer to him, before pulling him in and kissing the top of his head. Septimus shook it, partially to shake her off and partially as an indication that he hadn't eaten. However pleased he was that his mother was back he really hoped Julian was waiting for him on the other side of the hill and hadn't seen her making a fuss of him. "I've got some sandwiches, and Julian said we could go to his for lunch." "What about some water? I noticed some bottles under the sink." Septimus tapped his bag, which also contained maggots, some cloths, rope, string and a small knife. "Got one, thanks mum," Septimus replied. His mother's face fell a little at the missed opportunity to mother him. "And who is it you're meeting?" "Julian. Julian Scott. He goes to my school, my school here," he added. "He's in my class. He lives the other side of Helvellyn. I told you about him yesterday." Cecilia's face changed from worried concern to a more relaxed expression. "Of course, of course you did. And is your Uncle Kay's spell still working?" Caelius had set up a spell so Septimus or Julian could reach him should they ever get into difficulty. "I think so," said Septimus. "I've never had to test it." Though there's been one or two close calls, he added to himself. "This is the Julian you said you'd gone to the Natural History Museum with?" Septimus nodded. "Because there's no fossils up here, of course, in this granite. He went at the start of the holiday to Lime Regis. Fossil-mad, he is." Not mad really, Septimus thought; his friend had different way of looking at things. When he walked around he saw not the pavement but tarmac which had once been liquid and was now solid, different minerals making different rocks, gravestones, buildings, how rain, cold, thaw, frost, plants broke up the rocks, wore it away. It can't be created from nothing, Julian would say, and it can't be got rid of. Just changed. Julian's dad was also mad-keen on geology and worked, he had a sister, Opal, and had his mum not been into Scottish poetry Julian Walter Scott would have been "Jasper Hauyne Scott" instead. As well as being into fossils, Septimus's friend loved exploring nature, as he did, was a joker and far more outgoing and confident than him. In turn Julian loved knowing about the wizard world (his mum's family had some wizardly and witchy connection) and he knew in part this was connected with Julian and his family's decision to go to Hedgewards. "You have a lovely day then," said his mum, turning back towards the washing. Septimus made to turn but then stopped and he looked at his mother. Cecilia sensed that he was there and smiled, her brow furrowing. "What's the matter, love?" Septimus exhaled, not daring to wonder whether she would be there when he came back, as the nagging thought in the back of his mind had just struck him to consider. "I'm so glad you're back," he said, smiling. Cecilia went over to him and hugged him close, stroking his hair and kissing him as Septimus buried his head into his mother. He didn't feel ashamed to show his affection now, he just felt his love, and hers. "So am I, love, so am I. Now, run along – is that Julian waiting for you up on the tarn? It was. Septimus knew his friend would rib him shamelessly all day – even now he could see a wicked smirk on Julian Walter Scott's face. Before turning to go though Septimus looked back to his mum. "Tonight…" "Yes?" Septimus hesitated. Then pushed forward on the path his mind had already carved out. He breathed out and swallowed, holding onto all his courage. "Can we go to see Dad?" He was relieved when he saw Cecilia smile. She bent closer and kissed Septimus on the cheek, stroking the other one tenderly. "Yes, my love," she nodded. "After tea. We'll go and see him together." 888888888 Cecilia had expected Septimus to want to stay up later than his bedtime that evening. It had been a…successful…afternoon and evening, if successful was the word. Septimus had arrived back at about four, eaten the freshly cooked summer vegetables, local steak and roasted potato dinner she had lovingly cooked (and had walked to Ambleside to buy that morning) and had laughed when she had given him a strawberry Mini Milk lolly for pudding which she had had to keep cool in a cold bucket of water under the sink (the cottage had no refrigerator). He'd chatted about the day, how Julian had tried to cast his rod from halfway up a tree and, when it got tangled, as Septimus had warned him it would, had spent an hour untangling it before Septimus had used a basic spell to help him. "It's why he likes magic so much, he thinks it's cool, mum," Septimus had laughed. Cecilia had agreed with him, casting out the negative thoughts which lined up to refute her son's friend's opinion on the matter. Caelius had arrived back, as predicted (Cecilia had sent a floo message to him asking for him to take them both to St. Mungo's) and they'd spent an hour with Remus. Surprisingly Septimus hadn't been as quiet and wary as she'd expected him to be, but then she'd realised that, unlike herself their son had had almost a month to get used to Remus's condition. "He's much better than at the start," Septimus had told her as they'd left, on their way to meet Caelius. "He was covered in more tubes; he'd even got a spell around him. It preserved him, or something. Uncle Kay said he was getting better, all he needs to do is wake up and he'll be fine." Cecilia had looked at Caelius, who had approached them as Septimus spoke and she eyed her brother-in-law suspiciously. Better. Who was Caelius kidding? Was he just spinning Septimus a line to make him feel better, or did he really believe it? There was no point in asking when she knew she'd just get the diplomatic answer. As well as organising the washing and food Cecilia had spent the day thinking about the future. Now, so late into the night it was becoming morning, her mind would not let her get on with the business of sleep, mainly because there was someone she needed to talk to whom she could not get hold, despite her efforts. She'd go back to Dalton Drive, her, Remus and Septimus's home in Edgeford, of course. Stay at the cottage, if Caelius didn't mind – she knew he'd probably want Septimus to stay till the end of the holidays and there was no point in moving him back for the week or so before he went to school. Besides, Caelius had provided her with enough clothing, so perhaps he didn't expect her to leave just yet. Or had intended that – Cecilia never knew what Caelius's intentions were. Once Septimus had gone to Hedgewards she could start a new job (the credentials that the Ministry had provided for her would work in the non-wizard world, Cecilia knew (Dave Mullen, another security minister, one far more frank than Caelius, had explained when he'd furnished her with a passport, driving licence and National Insurance Number), a job in no way connected to the wizard world, something that would continue to pay the mortgage which was being met by the Ministry, under the hand of Caelius. Something to entirely unrelated to science, magic, teaching, research…what that left her Cecilia wasn't clear. Librarian? Bar work? Secretarial work? At least she would have time to visit Remus, care for him when he was released from hospital, and even if he didn't come straight back, have Septimus back home at Christmas, Easter, summer…be a proper family again. In the wooden-framed chair opposite the fireplace Cecilia sipped her strong tea and smiled as she pictured Septimus's face when he had begun to tell her about his impromptu visit to Hedgewards just before she'd seen him, when Severus had brought him back, and his excitement at the prospect of his new school. Despite her wishes for her son, for him to choose a non-wizard school, to stand apart from wizards, Cecilia knew that, deep down, she probably wouldn't be able to keep him from going. As Lily Potter had so acidly put it one evening, when she'd spoken her thoughts about Septimus's education (never again), if she were so against wizard schools why had she married a wizard at all? At least he was going with his friend. Septimus would get a whole different experience at Hedgewards now that non-wizards were to be accommodated. Her main reason for him attending a non-wizard school was to make sure he never held the prejudices so many other wizards did. Caelius's policy, which she had heard Aberforth speak about before the Reciprocators one evening, may well be the best thing she'd ever heard. Wizards couldn't help but begin to understand non-wizards, and they would grow and learn together. Not that she ever wanted to set foot in the place ever again. Cecilia rubbed her eyes, bringing her knees in closer as she shivered in the cool evening air. One more time she would try and, if she couldn't get hold of Severus she'd go to bed and contemplate how she would broach the subject of her immediate future with him. Approaching the hearth she knelt, withdrawing the small box within which contained the non-wizard floo powder, as developed by Remus's grandfather for their non-wizard grandmother. She had not brought it with her from the Other Place but, one of the first things she'd done when she had first come to the cottage, on her honeymoon with Remus, had been to explore the basement in the hope that she would come across the powder. She had been fortunate to find it and, as it was so valuable (even Severus Snape said he knew of no way for non-wizards to communicate using the floo network and, once she'd shown him, he said he knew of only one way). It was valuable and, as such, she'd used it sparingly. But, of course, with the pensieve network any non-wizard with the technology could use it to communicate with any non-wizard, if they had a pensieve too and the correct pensieve code (each device had its own unique code, like a serial number), making the floo network's days if not numbered, far less busy than they might have been. The latest models of these pensieves which, far from being the stone font-like structures she remembered Albus Dumbledore using in Hogwarts, were made in a wide range of materials and available in a myriad of colours, she had seen in the window of what had been the hardware shop where, in the other place, she had bought the silver nitrate which she had used to develop the lycanthropy potion, which she had failed to do there and was not necessary to continue with here as Snape had already done it for Caelius Lupin. For it was Remus's elder brother who had been bitten when Fenrir Greyback had broken into the Lupin cottage because of his supposed debt, rather than because of his loyalty to the reciprocators and his defence of the book Mysterious Mythology, unique for it had the code from which Cecilia had used to make the Universal Link between wizards and muggles. Non-wizards, she corrected herself as she stood before the fire, floo powder in hand. She had no other means of contacting Snape and she knew that Caelius would know that they had spoken because of the itemised conversations that the floo network sent through. One last time. If he's not there, I won't waste any more. As the flames turned green Cecilia stuck her head in fire, and threw, could see Snape's office, that of Aberforth Dumbledore and the memories of her last visit there, just before Aberforth had died, vowing she would do what she could for the Reciprocators bombarded her mind. And hadn't Caelius just called her on that one, effectively banishing her for over two years for the sake of the Reciprocators and the Ministry. She remembered the old wizard half closing his eyes as Cecilia had spoken her promise. "For if you don't," Cecilia remembered Aberforth, who looked so like his brother, saying to her, "the alternative does not bear thinking about." Cecilia remained in the flames for a good few minutes, hoping that Severus would be around. When she realised that he wasn't she was about to withdraw her head, the questions in her head receding. Just then the door open however and Cecilia watched as the Headmaster of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry swept into the room. Cecilia watched as Severus Snape took one look in her direction, continued across the room and then turned back. "Cecilia. You were not the person I was expecting to speak to tonight." "Severus," Cecilia replied, wondering what to say next. "I'm at Caelius's cottage." The information was needless, un-necessary. A lame response. "I haven't been avoiding you," Snape continued, his body still, staring down at her, "just immensely busy following my promotion and Reciprocator responsibilities." How he did that Cecilia had wondered for these last dozen years. It did make for more direct and t-the-point conversations but always made her feel her contributions were tame in comparison to his lofty work and she hated speaking to him just after she'd spoken to Caelius – her defences were invariably high and suspicions wove in her mind and if there was one thing to be said about Severus Snape it was that he was nothing like Caelius Lupin. In fact, he was hardly recognisable as the Snape she knew before either and, while it had made their working relationship at Hedgewards easier in some respects, a clean slate in a manner of speaking, it had taken Cecilia some time to get used to him. Yes, he was closed and shared nothing intimate, like Severus Snape of the Other World, but their dealings were always to do with business, except, of course, where his beloved Tabitha Penwright was involved, whom Severus clearly adored above all others and had, on occasions, asked Cecilia's advice regarding suitable Christmas and birthday presents for her (one memorable time he had sought her opinion on what looked like seaweed but pulsed and glowed. It turned out it was a kind of organic communication medium which Snape had explained, she would enjoy unravelling. Cecilia had agreed though she was not sure she would have liked to receive it gift-wrapped on Christmas morning). "I wanted to thank you for bringing Septimus back to the cottage safely yesterday," Cecilia continued, on safer ground. She had been grateful, but she knew she was kidding no-one that this was the reason she was contacting Snape by floo. "All the time I was away I worried for him," she continued, "that he was safe, that someone was looking after him properly. Remus, of course, and you. And Caelius. I'm grateful, I have to admit, that he's taken such good care of him." "Indeed," replied Snape, motionlessly, growling the word. There was no love lost between him and Caelius, though Cecilia had never discovered why. "And now you're back, to be his mother again. I believe he was as concerned about you." But one thing to say for him though was, when pressed, Severus Snape was brutally honest. She could always depend on Caelius Lupin to be hazy when it came to honesty. "I don't care what Caelius says about it all, what he might have already said. What he might have already done. I've given up my goose-chase…Harry's potion…I was going mad, looking for something that was so obscure, and irrelevant, I – " she broke off, looking at the hearth. The unburned logs on the chimney's floor looked bizarre, unconsumed in the green flames. Cecilia looked back up, grasping to threads of composure and holding on hard. "I think I had a breakdown, if I'm honest. And I was probably crazy doing all I did to get here, but I had to. I burned all I'd researched for Caelius. I hope you did the same with my letters." "As I said," intoned Snape, "I've been busy, incredibly so. I do still have your letters but have yet to get round to dealing with them. If you wish, I will dispose of them." "I wish," replied Cecilia. "I just wish has never asked you…the connotations…I wish could have told you it was entirely to do with commonality…if Caelius finds out he'll lock me in Azkaban, for sure." She gulped, trying to hold back the tears. "I got rid of everything I had worked on for a reason, that reason was that I want my family back, no science, no magic…" "The base is what you had theorised, from what I remember," Snape replied as Cecilia's words trailed to nothing, "you had never made it, you haven't the skill." There was silence. Cecilia knew what he meant. He would uphold her wishes, she knew, and was suggesting that, because she was a non-wizard she couldn't possibly have made Harry's potion's base, for the Harry in the Old World, when the original potion had not worked properly. If only he was right. But Cecilia had acquired some magic when at Durmstrang, somehow, though it faded as quickly as it had come and had never come back, despite her experimental attempts as she crossed the North of England. It Caelius ever did suspect she'd been involved in such things he'd waste no time in putting her out of the way permanently, something Cecilia believed that her brother-in-law had sorely wanted to do the last time she had given him good reason to. "I am sure whatever you achieved at the Durmstrang Institute was worthwhile," continued Snape. "You have skill, talent, understanding." Cecilia didn't say anything straight away. She had always felt that her voice always out of step since she had arrived in this new time. All that she had pioneered, been the first to discover and explore in the Old World had been done, built on, refined and was a mere footnote in the textbooks. It was a world away from her discovery, a bit like Newton lecturing to the 1960s NASA space programme on his newly theorised Laws of Motion with enthusiasm and keenness as if addressing a virgin audience. Said audience had been polite and excused her idiosyncrasies – up to a point – but her contribution has been arcaic, interesting, but ultimately irrelevant. "I've put it behind me, Severus. I must, and I will. Remus, Septimus and I are a family, and I intend to do what I can to keep our family together. No matter what he's been thorough, or what will happen in the future, I'll be there for him. This is why I come to you now. I'll pay you, of course. I have no wizarding links, I'd have to ask you to wait until I found a job before I could pay you for your time, your expenses, your skill." "Remus was bitten by a vampire over a month ago," Snape replied slowly. "What makes you think I can do anything to help that the healers and the expert they have brought in cannot?" Because you are you, Severus Snape! Cecilia shouted at him silently. Instead she said, "I asked the healer what he was being given. The active ingredient, the Allium Satvium, garlic, the sulphates within, I expect have a vasodilating effect, to widen the arteries. It's allowing the toxin to remain in his body but not coagulating and building up, not making clots which would overcome his immune system. I understand how that works, but…it's too close for me to pursue…how anything can be done to rid his body of it, or prevent clotting when he wakes. I know it's not much to go on…" It's all in the blood, thought Cecilia, dully. It always is, with wizards. "The theory is sparse and sporadic, though I am working on Remus Lupin's cure," replied Snape simply. "I will bear your view on the matter in mind. Please be assured that I will do what I can." Cecilia felt her pulse quicken. He was already working on it? No matter Snape's non-plussed response that he would "do what he could" Cecilia already felt a glimmer of hope where before there was none. "If I write to you with my thoughts on the matter, will you read it?" "I always read what you write to me." "You don't always reply." "There's not always a reply needed, Cecilia. And, for the record, I am glad to see you back." Apart from Septimus, I bet you're the only one, replied Cecilia, but to herself. "I just want my family back," Cecilia concluded, "even Freya, if she wants to see me." "As far as I can ascertain she is still a spoiled brat," growled Snape, folding his arm. "Well, she did break into your school," Cecilia replied, trying to suppress a giggle. Now, from this point of view, with over two years since the incident spanning the gulf the episode did seem comical, especially with the imminent acceptance of non-wizards to Hedgewards in just over a weeks' time. If only Freya had waited a few years she could have gone there legitimately. "Speaking of family," continued Cecilia, her optimism pervading the conversation, "how is Tabitha?" "She is investigating," replied Snape. "So I have no real idea. She's never been in mortal danger when she has been with her artefacts. Well, not often, anyway." Cecilia smiled again and thoughts of Severus and Tabitha's wedding came to the fore of her mind. Interrupted by Ministry – Vincento had got something; her work was like that – and Tabitha kissed Snape then disappeared. In the end they'd never married at all; the guests waited, expecting the service to continue. When Tabitha didn't return the wizards and witches, some Reciprocators and Cecilia enjoyed the reception anyway, at Snape's request. Looking back, it was predictable. The wizards and witches knew her and accommodated her. Cecilia liked Tabitha too, not least for the fact she wasn't cliquey, she wasn't a plastic. "Perhaps I shouldn't have asked. I know I'm married to a wizard but…I don't want to get involved any more. I want nothing more to do with it. I just need to avoid it all, that's my best chance of Caelius just leaving me alone." There. She'd said it. Said it to someone, and someone whom she knew would not repeat her fears to the wizard in question. "Just when I thought the paranoid Cecilia Lupin had gone." Cecilia watched as she saw a smile play on Snape's lips. It wasn't a sneer, but it did contain a moderate amount of ribbing. Yes, she knew she was paranoid, but how could she not be? Her life here had begun twelve years ago, the one person who really knew all about this, whose political machinations could be affected by her actions. Her only choice was to forget it all and give Caelius no reason to let her be. Cecilia swallowed, and changed the subject. "I think it's a brilliant thing that you're accepting non-wizards to Hedgewards." "Indeed. The Daily Prophet's saying that only bad things can happen with Hedgewards, the letters page is divided by both praise and condemnation and the Ministry has made it worse y issuing a statement declaring their stance of integration benefits all." "I can understand why you're so busy," she chuckled. "Come to work back at Hedgewards, Cecilia." It wasn't exactly a question. She fought with her mind for an appropriate reply. "You understand that if it were my decision alone ten that is what I would ask you," Severus continued, "however the Ministry has such a hand in how the school is run, especially regarding the non-wizard admissions, of course." "I understand," Cecilia replied. She knew what he meant. He would have her, but he knew she wouldn't accept, and Caelius would be furious. "And I'm sorry to have interrupted you tonight," she continued, "especially as you've got Remus's situation in hand. Thank you. And for looking after Septimus. I know how Hedgewards can be, especially for the unprepared." "I know you never wished for him to attend." "And look, despite my intentions, he's going anyway. All decided without me." "Goodbye, Cecilia." The fire dimmed, then the glow disappeared as Cecilia knelt out of the hearth. Caelius would know she'd contacted Snape, but not for the reason, unless he asked either of them. And what else could either Severus or Cecilia say than they talked about Remus. Yawning deeply Cecilia made her way across the living room and up the stairs, the relief of knowing someone whom she trusted so much would have a hand in helping her husband being the ultimate sedative. Snape watched as the flame dimmed before casting a spell to erase the evidence of a non-wizard powder being used on the floo network. If she was paranoid about Caelius then he'd be rubbing his hands with glee at the thought of catching Cecilia with that. He would, eventually, tell her of this. And she was right, it wouldn't just be her who suffered. Snape could see every thread of Cecilia's life hanging there, ready to read her intentions, understand her motives. It was predictable that she would want the quiet life here, in the end. But she was wrong of course, on one very vital point. "No Mrs Lupin," said Severus Snape, staring fixedly at the place where Cecilia's head had been, "it's all decided very much with you."
88888888 Harry yawned as he descended the stairs. It was early on Saturday, Saturday afternoon that was. Turning right he headed towards the kitchen in search of liquid refreshment and, having both put on the kettle for a cup of tea and filling a glass with water for while the kettle boiled he sat down on the ancient pine carver chairs which had belonged to a member of Hermione's family. Savouring the clear, cool liquid Harry smiled. It wouldn't be too many hours before Hermione got up, having gone to bed after an Auror shift. Not that she needed to do it – she was only a junior minister after all, and compulsory Auror duties were not part of her remit. But Hermione was career-minded. She knew that by volunteering for these kinds of jobs, the trip to Strasbourg included, meant she would be seen by the right people and she could climb the ladder sooner. It also meant Hermione was paid for the shifts she had done, and this, of course, would be going straight into their wedding fund. Harry smiled as he drained his glass, tried not to scrape his chair on the terracotta tiles of the floor as he saw to the kettle and his tea and wondered whether he should wait for her to get up before offering her food or if he should make tea for them both as a surprise. The latter, Harry decided as he thought about his fiancée asleep in their bed, her hair spilling over the pillow as she turned in her sleep. Harry had watched her for a good quarter of an hour when he'd woken, gawping at the time and wondering whether inviting Ron over when Hermione was out had been the best move he could make – they'd watched International Quidditch into the early hours – and deciding that he would make the effort to get to bed earlier, even though it was a weekend. A thought struck him. How had he become so boring? If he'd mentioned a bedtime to Ron he would have ribbed him royally. Reaching into the bread bin his hand rested on the last two slices of wholemeal bread. Enough for toast and he could leave a note for Hermione and go shopping. Almond risotto? Harry knew she liked it. Or perhaps an Italian dish? Harry smiled as the toast browned under the grill. He'd become boring, at least in Ron's eyes, when he'd proposed to Hermione. Domesticated. But that was what it would be like when they were married. Ron was still single, and was still living his life as if he was a teenager. Extracting the toast from the grill Harry bent down to the fridge and fished out the margarine, then a knife from the drawer. He would never have pointed this out to Ron though. That's what came with lack of commitment and Harry was happy, more than happy in fact, with the responsibilities he had chosen. Like his parents, he wanted to be together with Hermione forever, despite their outlooks on career. Harry carried his tea and toast back to the table he sank his teeth into it, the margarine having melted and dripping onto his pyjamas. Harry didn't care. He would change, shower and go shopping. And pick up a bottle of Asti Martini, Hermione's favourite drink. No, not despite. He didn't understand her thirst for promotion, it was true, nor her dedication to her career in politics and Hermione didn't understand how he could be satisfied with his job either. But the point was, they both valued each others' view on their jobs and accounted for that. Harry grinned, thinking of his parents again. How had he grown so like them? His domestication had not stretched to some of the jobs that Hermione had been asking him to do over the summer holidays, though. Harry was half way through his first week of holiday – the reference library always closed in the summer, especially when there weren't many incoming documents to classify and organise, and he realised that he really should. Hermione worked so hard and Harry knew that she felt as if she were nagging if she had to mention the jobs more than once and now, having finished the Auror shifts for the week, and Sunday being ahead of them, it was inevitable that the tasks not done would prey on her mind. Perhaps not organise dinner then, Harry thought. He could go to the DIY shop tomorrow with her and they could discuss together what was needed so he could redecorate their bedroom. And on Monday he would do the "extra" jobs, the drains, cleaning the windows and the car, go through the boxes in the loft of everything (and he meant everything) his parents had given to him when he had left home and decide what needed to be kept and what didn't. Tuesday would be the day for that. Perhaps after that he could unpack the rest of the cases which had just been thrown under the stairs and the souvenirs, foreign currency, leaflets and so on where they had been when they had packed their things from Hermione's work-holiday nearly three weeks ago. Do something with the books which had inadvertently made their way with them to France with some of the papers, throw them away, perhaps. Now, with some time between their delivery and now, the mystery of their origin and purpose were long gone. It must have been someone like Sam, playing a trick, Harry had long concluded, wondering why he had ever taken the diary and notes so seriously. Perhaps he should have tried some spells in them, find out who it was and play a trick on them? He could look at doing that on Thursday. That was enough. Hermione understood he needed to have some time off from work and he had spent some of it in the National Archives that week and the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, indulging his passions for old documents, history and art. He could never explain it to anyone who asked but, like his mother, he felt at home with history, he felt he could reach into the past and connect with it. Harry knew that's what Hermione felt about politics too, like she could achieve something worthwhile. How that translated into a call from the Ministry saying that the unchecked conjurists required a higher than average Auror presence and, to prevent too many people's ideas getting out of hand, catalysed by fermented pumpkin juice and threatening to blast their neighbours into the middle of next week Harry didn't quite understand. But as Hermione explained it, and the shifts she would do Harry knew he didn't want to stand in her way, regardless of how much he'd miss her, especially during his own holiday. And besides, who would worry about her birthday and pretend not to be bothered about it but really had organised a simple surprise for Hermione's birthday in a month. Not that it was much; a romantic picnic would be better. Not that he had much money – anything spare was being kept for their wedding in May. But he'd do something, small but appropriate, a surprise for his future wife. Harry had in mind a surprise picnic. It would work, in mid-September. Scraping back his chair, then wishing he hadn't scraped it so loudly Harry crossed over to the sink with his plate and cup. Rather than using a spell to wash it up he filled the washing-up bowl with hot water from the tap, adding a splash of washing-up liquid. He was just dropping in the cup and plate when something "wooshed" past the kitchen window. Harry looked out, noticing that a letter had been deposited (as well as a whitish sticky mess) on the window sill. Opening the window and reaching out for it, making sure he didn't put his hand in the guano, Harry broke open the seal and read his letter quickly. It was from his mum. Harry smiled. Though being at Grimmauld Place (both his parents seem to be living there recently, the amount of time they spent at the Reciprocator Headquarters) Harry didn't have to worry about what to do about tea. 88888888 "I assure you, my love, all things are in place." "You do. You assure me." Gellert Grindelwald moved slowly towards the window of the high tower. Air as fresh as the waters below them, tumbling between granitoid extrusions under a curtain of which he had cleansed his body in the valley below just as the sun was rising. In the chair opposite the bereft fireplace Albus Dumbledore rose. "These things can't be rushed – you know your failing is your patience." He wove his way to the wooden table that stretched from wall to wall across the centre, stretching the longest width of the oval room, the highest one, through whose windows clouds sometimes idly entered and where winds puffed in, if they were foolish enough. He picked up an object, rather like a magnifying glass lens, larger than his hand, bereft of a handle and turned the glass in the centre, which was suspended on two brass pins. "Yours is your overconfidence in your abilities – others attack, others strike, in Britain, where you have not designed, Albus." Grindelwald made his way carefully from the glorious view of the Alpine geology and back to their work. "The pieces fall into place," continued Dumbledore, "over-enthusiasm is mere garnish, it adds to the authenticity of our cause. It keeps the Ministry busy, too busy to quickly unravel our business there before the roots take hold. Before it buds." Grindelwald watched as Dumbledore spun the lens of the portable pensieve again. What a marvellous invention, one which he was so delighted to still be alive to witness. The marvels of the technological age. How he loved his ability to charm, and charms worked the best on those of magical intent. Though Vincento was notoriously difficult to ply; his trust had had to be lubricated with a measure of wealth. But it was never a waste to be that close to the Department of Mysteries, the only such department in the world, where technology was not only born but was conceived, a twinkle in a Mysteriour's eye. How much he had harvested, stolen, bought with bribes, from the Combined Government's most treasured – and most overlooked – department over the years. But Albus was right. That is why they worked together, both professionally and personally. "No, you should not rush – " " – the pieces are falling into place…" Their eyes locked. The perfect alliance, the strongest the world had ever seen. Both wizards knew of their influence, rising thousand-fold when their endeavours complemented one another exactly. "I will keep my patience, my love." Grindelwald pushed down the pensieve onto the table, Albus's hand with it. "Eventually Cecilia Lupin will return, eventually we will ain the insight that we need – " " – the means is in place – " Dumbledore looked at the table again. Bright sunlight glinted of the lens of the pensieve. Grindelwald nodded in acknowledgement and placed a hand over that of Dumbledore. " – the conjurists will be in place, the book will be published and so will the objects." "And eventually it will be Walpurgis Night," said Albus Dumbledore. It wasn't a flippant comment, in the way that one might say to someone who is waiting for a thing, "soon it'll be Christmas." "Yes, my love. We will have him, in the end." 88888888 Two days together, two very contented days. Another day when Septimus gone out with his friend Julian again, using the very last of the summer holidays and the glorious weather in the best way they could. Cecilia had played mum quite happily, cleaning the cottage using non-wizard methods, even going so far as cleaning the nets and bed clothes, cooking healthy meals from her limited repertoire, in short, acting as the person she always wanted to be. Yesterday she had visited Remus at St. Mungo's with Septimus, talking to him about general things that had happened and those that were to happen in the near future and had again re-visited both evenings with Caelius's help. The previous evening on the way to the hospital she had spoken to Caelius who talked to her about staying in the cottage "for the time being", until Septimus had gone to Hedgewards and Cecilia had agreed that it would be for the best. And then, back to Edgeford, to Dalton Drive, and her old life. Though the situation seemed reasonable, favourable to Cecilia even, she couldn't help feeling on edge. She knew Caelius Lupin was highly practised in the art of diplomacy. He knew the right way of delivering information that made her feel reassured, like a verbal opiate but Cecilia's brain had enough experience of her brother-in-law to know in her head to be cautious. Which is why she was spending her time cleaning, taking the trouble even to wipe the lines of dust off the pictures which ascended the stairs. It took her mind off the guessing and double-guessing about Caelius's words and manner, something which Cecilia had driven herself mad analysing in the past. Cleaning was a task which always needed doing, never disagreed that it did need doing and let her get on with it without protest. Although the picture of the Lupin brothers' grandparents looked as if they might have protested at Cecilia giving their picture a polish if they could. Septimus asked Cecilia if Julian could stop for tea that evening. Cecilia had fish pie and vegetables to offer them followed by blackberries which both boys had so thoughtfully picked accompanying the ice cream. Julian, a dark-haired lad, with the cheekiest smile she had seen in a child, thanked her, had laughed at the method in which Cecilia stored the ice-cream, in a bucket under the sink, and told her about how he was looking forward to going to "big school". "He's going to Hedgewards, mum," said Septimus as he scraped the remainder of the ice-cream from his bowl. "Well, if he's accepted. He still hasn't heard." "I don't really want to go to Penrith," said Julian, "and mum and dad did get a letter saying we might not hear until near the end of the summer." Cecilia watched as Septimus shot him a look of pity. "I was looking forward to going shopping to Diagonalley together," he replied. "Getting our wands together and robes and stuff." "Well, if I can get an owl like Mervyn it'll be lush," replied Julian, scraping his bowl too before wiping his mouth on his sleeve. Cecilia smiled with happiness, offering the lad a napkin. Her son, and his friend. How had she become the parent of an eleven-year-old? Within a decade he'd be left school and grown up. And she would be around to see it, to be a part of it, not pushed out, ignored and overlooked, as Caelius seemingly preferred. She pushed out the negative thought and focused on what she felt right now, a mixture of pride, that her son had grown into such a boy who brought his friends back an was interested in nature, rather than computer games, and privilege that she was here to witness it. Forcing back emotion Cecilia grinned as she listened to their conversation. "It's cool you've met the headmaster already," Julian continued, "was the school cool?" "Yep," nodded Septimus. "It was cool. All castley bits, ups and downs on the tops – " " – crenulations," chipped in Cecilia. " –crenulations," repeated Septimus. "It's all old and stony, big, like an old castle with knights in." "That does sound cool," nodded Julian. "And they have ghosts, and different houses, and paths that you can walk down, great for exploring. And there's a forest." "Double cool!" exclaimed Julian. "Think of what we'll find in there!" "You're not exactly supposed to go into the Forbidden Forest," Cecilia chided, looking sternly at Septimus for a moment. She wasn't having them both go wandering off, as they did with utmost safety in the hills and fells around the cottage, into the forest, or anywhere else for that matter. "You'll lose house points for a start, if not a number of limbs." Both boys were staring at her now and her lips curled into a smile and they laughed too. "You'll love it," concluded Cecilia, picking up her bowl. Though she and Septimus did the washing up together of an evening (well, as much as two days being a tradition in these things) she then told the lads if Julian was stopping a little longer they could go to Septimus's room. "Mum used to work at Hedgewards," said Septimus as he rose. Julian however did not get up. "What's he like, Mrs Lupin?" asked Julian. "The Headmaster?" "Uncle Kay said to watch out for him," added Septimus, sitting back down. Mid-plate convoy, Cecilia dumped the crockery in the sink and returned to her seat – both boys were looking to her for comment. "Mum?" Cecilia laughed, thinking about her and Severus's working relationship. "Honestly, I have to say he is the most dependable person I've ever known, in this world, or the last." She looked at Julian, and added, "and don't worry about missing out going to Diagonalley. Even if you don't hear before Friday, when we're going, you come with us." "Really?" Julian Scott's face lit up with delight; Septimus was grinning too. Cecilia nodded. "Wicked!" For there was not a chance in the world that she wouldn't be taking her son, despite Caelius's avoidance of her questions yesterday. "…cos I went there with Sam, when he went to get his things, years ago…" Cecilia began the washing up, the conversation fading, to be replaced with thumps of feet on wooden stairs and a slam of a door as the wind from Septimus's no-doubt open window for the convenience of his owl caught it. She remembered that visit too, when they had been close, bonded, when she had a position within the Reciprocators, when things were going right for them all. Wiping the dish cloth around the plates before placing them to drain Cecilia banished the thought from her mind and forced herself to focus in the future. Not the very near future though, when Caelius would take her to see Remus, but the happier future, the future with her son in it, and Cecilia, two parts of the Lupin family. As she crossed the kitchen and entered the living room Cecilia began to re-hang the net curtains which were folded neatly in the washing basket behind the door. Of course she trusted Severus Snape, how could she not? For if she didn't, if she couldn't, she might well give up on the third member of their family and condemn her husband to an imperceptibly slow death in a hospital bed a mile under London. 88888888
888888888 From the shadows it was easy to see, though dim light and gloom might have prevented it, the arrival of Cecilia Lupin. Following her return Cecilia had been spied, from the first moment she had viewed her husband with horror, outrage and desperation at his pitiful state and each night since, four nights. She couldn't do what was needed and that was clearly frustrating her, and she spoke with hope and gentleness when she visited with Septimus, talking about "when" Remus would wake, rather than "if". It was understandable, of course; and would anyone be any different? But the truth was, Cecilia Lupin was different. She wasn't a wizard, at any rate, and Remus knew it. Why else would he be so indifferent to her leaving? That was one explanation, and there were plenty of others. But religiously Cecilia came every night and had spoiled the plans of they who spied. I just can't do what's needed when she's around. "And I'm going with Septimus to Diagonalley tomorrow," Cecilia was saying, telling the recumbent, motionless and still unconscious form of Remus Lupin their imminent plans. "I wish that you could be with us, darling, to see his wand choose him, so he can go off to your school." Cecilia was kneeling by the bedside, gripping his hand, just as she had done on her first visit. And how long would she delay what was needed to be done? Why did it have to be now, at this time, for her to visit? Did she not realise others could only spare that time, and their time was precious if they were to go about their business unnoticed? Of course she didn't. Cecilia clearly looked tired, her face older than two years before, older than nearly seven hundred days' worth of age, her face frowning and curling as she whispered to him lovingly. She wouldn't be sleeping – who would in her position? And that was because she was clinging to hope and worrying about the myriad of different courses that the future would take. If only she were to know that there was little hope of what she wanted. Perhaps it would be kinder. Shouting silently at Cecilia again that it wasn't just her who needed to visit Remus Lupin in the early hours of the morning the figure glanced at their wristwatch. It wouldn't be long until he had a top-up for his drip, his garlic-based serum which was keeping him stable. "…I'll have to go soon, my love." Cecilia's voice, though low, was easily audible from the interloper's vantage point. At last! "…I grew to love you…I've always loved you…" she hud her face against the back of his hand. He had forgiven her for her outburst, this was true. But whether things would be the same for them, even if he did wake. "…I just felt so shut out…my position here is hopeless…useless…" The figure watched Cecilia carefully. Her arrogance had disappeared for a moment and they felt they had witnessed a moment in history, when arrogant Cecilia Lupin revealed her true feelings about her work. "….but they shut me out, those reciprocators…and there's Henrietta, of course…" she was seen glancing over to Sirius. "I know that you never thanked me for Henrietta Edwards. But that's OK." If only Hen was here to hear this! "I've tried to get on with Caelius, I really have…" she buried her head back into Remus's hand, and the bedclothes. "…and Septimus will come and show you his wand…" Cecilia looked back up, clearly tears were covered her eyes like a sheen, "…before he goes on the train to Hedgewards on Saturday…." And then, at last, Cecilia was on her feet, talking briefly to the healer, the same healer who had seen to Remus and Sirius's treatment from the start. At last. At last Mrs Lupin was leaving. Her presence had put out the interloper, the figure spying on her from nearby. Less time now to be with him. Five minutes. It was barely enough. But it was something. Hesitating in her step forward the someone watching her caring for her husband slunk back into the shadow as Cecilia Lupin passed close by. 88888888 Mid-morning on the last Wednesday of August and Cecilia could have sworn she was on a boat. She felt, in her semi-awake state, that she might even be there, perhaps on the ship which bore her from Durmstrang to Scarborough, and she lay back, waiting for the ship to grow calm in between gusts. "Mum! Mum!" Only…Septimus wasn't aboard the ship. Was she imagining – Cecilia opened one eye, and then the other. On the other side of Caelius's double bed her son was bouncing on it, like he did when he was younger, when he was a toddler, or a little older, before he could work the television by himself. The bounce of, "I'm awake, and so should you be." "Mum, are you awake now?" Septimus bounced once more on the bed before pushing back the covers and climbing under as Cecilia pulled herself up carefully, massaging her head. "What time is it?" "Half eleven," said Septimus. "I've had breakfast. Uncle Kay's up. And I got an Owl. Look." Half past eleven? Cecilia yawned and pulled herself further up the pillows, rubbing her head again. So late! So much to do. "So, what do you have planned today, Little Tim?" Cecilia pulled Septimus close to her and bear-hugged him with her right arm, ruffling his hair with another. "Out with Julian? Tidying your room? Bringing down your laundry?" "Mum!" he moaned, pulling away. Cecilia saw him grin as he wiped the kiss she had given him off his cheek with a dramatic gesture, like he did when he was younger. "Better than exploring, or tidying." He thrust the letter into her hand and grinned again. "Oh. Oh." Cecilia smiled at her son. "That's lovely that Sam's invited you over. That's lovely, dear." She folded the letter with a shudder before handing it back to him. "No," replied Septimus, looking at his mother earnestly. "Not just me. You're coming. Aren't you? Look," he opened the letter and pointed, "you've been invited too." Cecilia attempted to squeeze a smile from her frozen smile, the resulting grimace making Septimus frown. "Of course she is," says Caelius, whose dishevelled appearance made Cecilia do a double take as he poked his head around the door. He looked at Cecilia. "Of course you are. You wouldn't be anywhere else? And besides, they're expecting you." Half an hour later, breakfast so late that it was technically lunch and ablutions done Cecilia and Septimus stood adjacent one another waiting for Caelius to return from the Ministry. What she had been through in terms of work, the jobs she had done, she would never, never contemplate a position at the Ministry. The sheer amount of time it took from your life. They said you were married to your job as a teacher but my word, you were sewn to it if you were a Minister. Cecilia had decided that she could not show any emotion, she was determined. Her excited son wondered aloud what Sam would be doing, that he would be nervous, because he would be receiving his exam results the next day, that he might be able to win a game of diopoloy against the older boy because he had been practising and while she appeared to be the epitome of calm under the surface she was anything but. It wasn't long until Caelius appeared and floo'd them to the living room fireplace at Grimmauld Place. Cecilia, feeling ill from their journey, staggered a few steps, trying to steady her mind enough to think about what she would do and say now she was here and she turned to her brother-in-law about to thank him. But, too late. As swiftly as he'd appeared Caelius went, the only evidence of his exit was a cloud of faint green indicating floo travel. She looked around. Septimus had said nothing to her before making his way noisily up the dark red carpet-lined stairs – so many memories – and, still feeling queasy (not entirely now due to her mode of travel), walked tentatively over to the sofa. So much had happened here, so much here, and before. Cecilia leaned forward and cradled her head in her hands. "Madam, do you require water? Or perhaps a bowl?" Cecilia moved her head right, to where the voice was coming from and she realised that Grimmauld Place's house elf had addressed her. She smiled, and sat up a little. At least someone was being civil, even though it was what he had to do. "Hello, Kreacher," greeted Cecilia. "A glass of water would be good." Her eyes followed his wake, as the kitchen door swung open on its hinges. She was here – how had Caelius managed it? But to say her mind was ill at ease was an understatement and she felt her heart race as she sought the possibility of an exit. Thinking wildly Cecilia planned her escape – she could leave through the front door, she could take her leave any time she wanted, get herself to Paddington, on a train, on… …the door swung open and Cecilia turned her head and watched as, not Kreacher bringing the water, but Henrietta, storming in. The witch stood there, mocking her, berating her, wagged her finger at her and listed her faults and weaknesses, laughing at each and every one of them… …the door swung open. Cecilia screwed up her eyes as the morbid fantasy disappeared. But it was not Kreacher bearing water but James Potter. "Cecilia, it's good to see you." Cecilia had got to her feet, feeling lead in her feet and a light head. It had been a long time but James hadn't changed. "You too." Cecilia tried a smile as she took the glass, then shook her head as she lowered her hand, the water shaking a little. "It seems like only yesterday I was standing there – " she pointed with her eyes, " – and…" Her voice trailed off and between them heavy silence fell. "Look, James, I'm not here to cause trouble, or dig up the past. I came with Septimus, and because someone saw fit to invite me. I don't want to trawl through everything." Cecilia looked away but James took a couple of steps towards her. "Cecilia, you've come. It's me and Lily who invited you. And I'm glad you did." Cecilia jerked her head, the tears fixed in their ducts as Cecilia fought for composure. "It's good to see you well." "It's good of you to say James, " replied Cecilia, sipping her water, "but I was completely out of order, disrespectful…my behaviour was shameful, it was – " " – a very long time ago," said James, who sat down on the living room's large purple sofa. "We wanted to talk to you just as you'd finished speaking, if I'm honest. We were concerned, not just me and Lily, but the Weasleys; Sturgis, Bathsheba..." "Sirius?" When James said nothing she inclined her head a little more. "Sirius was livid with you, and for a long time, if I'm honest," James conceded as Cecilia sat down slowly. "Tonks was about to follow you when Caelius whisked you off, but it was too late. He came back and told us you were going to Durmstrang. "I'm glad, if I'm honest. I couldn't have faced you all, not then." Cecilia looked down. The plastics. The damned Reciprocators. But in her heart of hearts she couldn't honestly say all of them were nasty and horrible to her all the time. James, she remembered, had even tried to speak to her after the event. He had always been one of the most reasonable. She had even overheard a heated discussion between James and Lily once, just before Aberforth had died. Lily had been questioning the point of Cecilia's existence in the Reciprocators now that she wasn't working with Severus Snape. "What is the point of her?" she remembered Lily quite pointedly (and bitchily) saying. James however, had been defending her, to which Lily had scoffed at her usefulness. Cecilia suspected she knew more about her than met the eye and she hadn't been happy about her book about Harry. "All I ever wanted was to do the best I could," said Cecilia when she realised that neither of them had spoken. "And you did. We all appreciate that." All, thought Cecilia, doubtfully. I'm not totally convinced on that. "Sam seems to have taken to Septimus," Cecilia said, changing the subject. He practically jumped on me this morning when he was showing me the owl you'd sent." "Caelius and I agreed that, seeing you were back it would be good for the Reciprocators to see you and know you were well." "There's to be a meeting tonight?" She felt a measure of panic in her voice and Cecilia's heart was racing. James nodded, sipping at his mug of probably-tea. ""One every night. The security level's up, thanks to the Conjurist attacks." "I can imagine. I read a few bits in the Prophet." "We're on shifts, supporting the government. Lily's due to get up, she was on last night. It's support work, really though." "And you don't mind? Considering what happened to Sirius and Remus?" "Its street defence. We focus on areas were violence may encounter and hand over the perpetrators to the Aurors. Safe enough, but quite dull." Typical James. Getting out of bed if the danger level was 10,000 or more. "I'm sorry," said Cecilia, putting down her now-empty glass decisively on the ancient mahogany coffee table. "I can't stay for the meeting. I've had enough of all of this and I'm not going to do it any more When Remus is better we can start again as a family. But there's no way I'm getting involved in magic any more than I have to." "But – " "I'm sure you can vouch to everyone I'm all right." "I understand," James nodded. "Perhaps you want to go to the library? The meeting starts in ten minutes. Then you can as Septimus if he wants to stop over tonight. Sam gets his results and – "I'll ask him," replied Cecilia, her confidence returning. Septimus would stay over here? "If I don't see Sam though, please wish him luck." An hour later and James was indeed right. There was a meeting going on downstairs. She might have possibly been able to hear what was going on if she'd tried and, though curiosity was present in her mind by entertaining it with the contents of Sirius's library (and imagining his face as she leafed through his precious books). They had calmed her, with their indifferent pages, neutral paragraphs and non-judgmental bindings. Cecilia knew how she'd feel once she got to Grimmauld Place and her brain had not let her down. Being in the place where her adopted daughter Freya had exposed her deepest, most horrible thoughts about people and how sensitive her research, was which had led to her being dismissed from Hedgewards, was indeed dreadful. Made redundant was what Severus had called it but it was clear that they had known the truth, passing it around as they might a joke and it was still all too clear that she had been pushed out for a nameless misdemeanour. That had been her worry for that day too; they weren't her friends, not like in the Old World and again Cecilia cursed herself for the moment when she had believed she would fit in, or at least for the assumptions she had made. After about an hour Cecilia put her hand on the handle of the oak door. She couldn't stay up here much longer and she wandered towards where voices of a different kind were coming. Cecilia glanced through the semi-open door to see Septimus playing a board game, draughts by the look of the hurricanes and typhoons which had been conjured in the room, engrossed in it and looking for all the world like a younger brother playing with an elder. As she watched her defensiveness at her son socialising in the Potter's son's company ebbed away and Cecilia realised its origin had been in her distrustfulness of his parents and her apprehension about the reception she would actually receive from the wizards when she arrived at Grimmauld Place. Stepping past the door she smiled at the happy scene and made her way towards the stairs, her decision to wait until all the Reciprocators left before coming down. She overheard some now semi-informal conversations carrying on, based on the outcomes of the meeting. As Cecilia descended she overheard brief snippets of a conversation between Molly Weasley and Bathsheba Braddle about an article in the Daily Prophet in which the reporter had expressed his sorrow for the non-wizard children whose education would be ruined by the Ministry's policy of integration and misguided non-wizard parents. Cecilia felt herself inclined to agree. How had she been treated when the students had thought she was a squib with the rubber wand? Admittedly it had been Draco Malfoy, whose stance could not be described as moderate, who had been behind the trick and things were different. But it wouldn't be easy for them. It was Regulus Black who noticed her first. As he exclaimed her name all of the Reciprocators who hadn't dashed off at the end of the meeting turned to see her. Eight or nine wizards, none of them scowling yet, and Cecilia felt a little more at ease. "I'll let Petunia know you're back, Cecilia," Regulus said, before launching into a near-monologue about Sirius's sad situation, expressing regret for Remus's even more dire situation. "And of course, you're technically still one of us," Regulus concluded, clapping Cecilia on the back. "You have to be present to quit the Reciprocators, your letter just wasn't enough. Not according to old Joe, of course." Joseph Black, Cecilia added to herself. The founder of the Reciprocator movement. Which is why she was invited that afternoon. "We'll consider it an abstention on whatever it was you talked about," Cecilia added, smiling, this time with more ease than she had ever imagined. The best she had hoped for was being ignored politely. But they had spoken to her. Well, James and Regulus had. Then James asked her opinion on the practicalities of non-wizards at Hedgewards, about what she thought about the children, and the effects it had on everyone. As she chatted Cecilia mused on her partially-conceived theory about those who carried the wizard gene but where magic didn't express itself readily. If these people who would not necessarily get a letter in the old world to go to Hogwarts at eleven, those like Petunia Dursley, or Tabitha Penwright, or showed up later in their school lives, up to the age of fourteen thy might be in the environment for long enough for magic to tip the balance and for them too to show their magical qualities. This made Caelius's inclusive policy at Hedgewards more interesting as there may be many non-wizards attending who were siblings of young wizards or witches, showing no magical qualities whatever and they might then get the opportunity to do magic. "The Severus might avoid a situation like the Freya debacle," laughed James, before quickly apologising for his thoughtlessness when he saw her face. "Perhaps," agreed Cecilia, "perhaps she wouldn't have tried it if she had been allowed to go. It's all right, James," she added. "It's just a adopted mum's wistful idea that if I'd been more involved with the girl she might not have decided to go off the rails in quite so a dramatic way that she did. "The world was full of if-onlys. And if we paid attention to them all no-one would get anything done." "Well spoke, Mrs Lupin, well spoke" said Sturgis Podmore, holding out a hand. Cecilia shook it, smiling. "I think that there are a lot of things which might have got overlooked had it not been for Lily. I mean, I know Aberforth thold the staff just before he died about the policy changes. And of course there's the modifications to the buildings, passwords and access arrangements to consider, books to adapt, the library to, well, tame. A lot of things to do in a small amount of time, eh, Caelius?" They both looked tound. Caelius had appeared next to them. "Are you ready to leave?" asked Caelius, as James went over to talk to Arthur Weasley. "In a few minutes. I'm just going to go upstairs to kiss Septimus goodbye. Well, say goodbye," she added. And write a note of resignation and give it to James. He seemed the most reliable right now. When she descended the stairs a quarter of an hour later, having agreed with Sam that James would return Septimus back to the cottage in time for them to go to Diagonalley the necxt day, much to Septimus's delight, she noticed an intense discussion between Lily Potter and Caelius, near the fireplace and out of main sight as she pressed her resignation letter into James's hand. It was the last thing she remembered as she got into bed that evening, trying not to speculate on what it was about despite it sticking in her mind, before thinking about their shopping expedition the next day. 88888888
88888888 Another night, and another night talking about the threat of the conjurists. From his office to the right of the stairs on the fourteenth floor below, Caelius Lupin made his way to the black stone-lined office at the floor's centre, the centuries-old meeting place for the Ministerial cabinet. This place, and that of the Wizengamot, was said to have been a place for governmental and legal meetings before even the building stood. A good many wizards had come and gone on that spot (leaving a sticky mess, in some cases); policies debated, laws brought into being. This meeting, to which Caelius was walking, not too quickly, and not too slowly, was just one tiny grain of sand on a beach of political precedent. Caelius was, as usual, the first to arrive. He usually was, for his tradition of dawn meetings, though now long accepted by his peers, was still not entirely popular. It didn't matter – when another Chief Minster was appointed they could choose their preferred meeting time. It was causing a little disgruntlement at the present time due to the frequency of cabinet meetings, of which there had been several, of late. The oak table, twenty feet at its widest diameter, oval, and thick, hovered above the floor. A further score of chairs ran around its perimeter, empty, as yet, waiting to be occupied by half-awake wizards beginning their day at four with a meeting before their day's work began before it wore on to night and security work. "Our agenda today," began Caelius, rehearsing in his mind what he would say to the assembled cabinet, "is as follows: the conjurist threat, our response to it, implications of the threat to domestic security and finally, educational matters." As he outlined the details for each of these points in his mind the Chief Minister of the Ministry for Magic, sharing an equivalent role to that of the non-wizard Prime Minister in this Combined Government, paced around the obsidian office, dark as night but illuminated with flaming torches thrust into the walls at intervals. It didn't take long before the first wizard ambled through the door. Mick Mullen, with his jaunty air and laid-back manner, strolled into the meeting room, coffee in one hand and cloak over one shoulder which he swung over the back of one of the chairs before saluting Caelius and winking. "Morning, Caelius," he said, "a lovely morning for it, if you don't mind me saying so." Mick winked at him before leaning forward and taking a swig of his hot drink. "Imp-brewed. Lovely." "Good morning, Mick," nodded Caelius, before his eyes flicked to the door again as the other Mullen brother, Dave, entered, in not quite such a casual way. "You here already, Mick?" yawned Dave, "oh, morning Caelius," he added, nodding towards the Chief Minister. Sitting opposite his brother he placed a pile of paperwork sheaved within brown files neatly on the desk. The room soon filled. Lucius Malfoy was next to arrive, his aristocratic gait and dress disguising a quite forward-thinking wizard with a modern outlook. Another fifteen wizards and witches later, Department Heads and appointed Ministers, sitting and standing as they arrived, informally chatting as they waited, as ever, for Gregor, Head of the Department of Mysteries to make an appearance. "My good wizardfolk of our Ministry," began Caelius at length, as all of the cabinet who he was expecting, bar one, arrived in ones and twos, settled and waited. "It is good news, good news indeed. Our efforts, given not lightly, to the threat that hangs in the shadow of our nation, are beginning to pay. Our sustained work, our collective endeavour, to uphold our laws in the light of the increasing threat to our national security has been both efficient and effective. Citizens, both wizardly and non may rest easier." Caelius began to pace, reading from his internal brief, uncommitted to paper, memorised. He watched as the cabinet members checked the agenda with the unfolding minutes, held forth before them, vertically, the items from the agenda disappearing from one and appearing on the other. "Our efforts have been complemented by the involvement of the Reciprocators who are only too willing, as ever, to support our cause in defence of wizard-non-wizard interests." "Hear, hear!" exclaimed Mick, putting down his now empty coffee mug with which he had been playing. "Our efforts had averted several dozen incidents in the last week alone from escalating and thus in all likelihood, a deterrent to many more. Mr. Furnace will avail us of the details." Peaceable Furnace, Cabinet Minister for the Hovel Office scraped back his chair on the polished stone floor making the witch next to him wince at the sound. He too had a pile of papers assembled before him and his thin fingers leafed over the cover of the first. "My esteemed colleague Mr Lupin has succinctly opened this meeting and addressed many of the points contained within my report," began Furnace, his face glowing as hot as his name. A skilled minister and diplomat it was unfortunate that his countenance did not give him its full support. "There have been many attacks, sporadic, unpredictable and so therefore has been difficult to manage until now." He surveyed the wizards and witches who were either trying to disguise their fatigue by staring at him or the minutes growing minute-by-minute, or were keenly staring as the effect of coffee on the system had taken hold. "Up until now?" Lucius Malfoy's gravelly voice slid into the conversation as the arm of a cripplingly expensive record player over a pristine disc. Peaceable nodded. "Now we have established a pattern, of sorts." He nodded round the table as several witches and wizards made notes. "It has been towns, mainly, rather than cities, which have resulted in the highest level of conflict, towns which are surrounded by countryside – Clitheroe, Wadesbridge, Leadburn, Uttoxeter, Hawes…." Furnace turned the page, "…Hexham, Inverurie, Pont-y-pandy, Holford, Brockenhurst…" he looked up. "It is known, widely suspected, conjectured, that these are the nearest places to where illegal covens have met and are targets because they are close and convenient. Conjurists with too much butterbeer in their systems and more besides looking for targets to practise their beliefs. Although the attacks are by no means limited to rural towns. Cities have had their fair share of conjurists and similar unrest." "It could be far graver," interrupted Caelius, anticipating the interjections that he expected from Hervert Herbert, an ancient wizard who was approaching two hundred if he were a day and whose role as head of Defence seemed to involve his disagreeing with everything anyone said, and a couple of other witches, Dulcie Dainty, Head of the Control of Magical Creatures department and Jane Jones, Deputy to the Head of Wizardly transport (her superior had been delayed at the last moment by a fault in the Inter-European Floo network and was currently flying back to London by broom. All three lowered their hands as he spoke. "Had we not acted to derail a co-ordinated attack, had we not acted together, if we continue to do so, we may prevent conjurism from taking hold, as an ideology as well as a cause." "But does this not show that some areas of our society feel disenfranchised?" A witch, the Head of the Magical Environmental Protection Agency raised her hand. "Clearly that some will follow this – I've seen some of the people who've been arrested and they're educated, worldly. They're not sheep, to be led – " " – there are plenty of sheep, as well as dragons!" Demescue Goole, Head of the Aurors, tired from his lack of sleep that night but infused with caffeine banged his fist on the table. "We've got them, we have!" Many of the ministers nodded, including Caelius. A few did not. Miss Forteskew was one of them. She sat, stony faced, waiting for the room to fall silent. Evelyn Forteskew, a thin witch of Caelius's age and who had been his main and closest rival at his election two years before to Chief Minister. It had been close, very close, and it had only been because of joint role as Head of the Reciprocators with Snape, that he had influence over moderating force, which had swung it. Evelyn's stance in all things wizardly was conservative, cautious and guarded and her provocations reflected this in her role in the Magical Environment Protection Agency which, amongst other functions, was involved in the preservation of magical culture. As predicted, Evelyn Forteskew got to her feet. "They are seeking reassurance in their lives," she began, as the silent room stared at her, owlishly. "These wizards, whether inciting the violence you describe or condone it clearly feel there is nothing that this Ministry, this Ministry for Magic, can offer them in defence of their beliefs." "Leave ideology to covens, let the druids handle them!" Miss Forteskew's eyes narrowed at Demescue Goole, who had spoken, and Peaceable Furnace, Dave Mullen and even the inscrutable Lucius Malfoy nod. "Yes. We have." Evelyn nodded, glancing at Caelius. "And look where this has got us. You've told us here, Chief Minister, that defence strategies and deterrents are working. Were we to appeal to the wizards we are imprisoning, were we to make them feel we have something that they can relate to perhaps they would not seek solace in our Auld Magic?" "Indeed," interrupted Hervert Herbert, his voice cracking as he contributed. "But the druids a long time ago, a long time ago indeed." "There are plenty of powerful wizards who carry this mantle, if not the name," responded Dave Mullen. "Some might even say such wizards were in this very room." "And yet these druidical wizards do not have enough influence to have prevented the conjurism you so hatefully speak," replied Evelyn, who was still standing, her voice strong and forceful "I put it to the cabinet that we have failed a large section of our community whom we claim to represent!" As silence fell, bar the scratching of the minutes above their heads her eyes met those of Caelius and she held the gaze defiantly. "If I may?" Lucius Malfoy, hand raised, nodded as Caelius looked away from Evelyn and gestured that he may speak. "From the point of view of my role as Chancellor of the Exchequer, perhaps I am a little out of touch in terms of the front line. But these attacks, if I am right in my understanding, are few, and low level. They do not seem to be as much of a threat we perceive." The wizards, as one, drew a breath, waiting for the inevitable. It wasn't long in coming. "You only have to look at the Continent, where my son is President of the Magical European Union." Collectively the wizards rolled their eyes. Lucius never missed an opportunity to mention his son, and did so at every available opportunity. "In Europe, so I am led to believe, conjurists, non-wizards and wizards alike live side by side, there is no resistance to their belief, and in turn, no violence." "Get on with it Lucius!" growled Rodolphus Lestrange, Justice minister, His wife sat adjacent, her mind appearing not to be with the rest of the Ministers As Minister for Sports and Competitive Magic Bellatrix Lestrange's mind probably was not even on this planet. Had they been talking about Quidditch, for example, then things would be a lot different. "Perhaps it's a passing phase? People go through these ideas, and they come and go." Lucius waved his hand. "In a few months all this will have been forgotten and I'll be getting more letters about tax instead." He sat down. No-one else raised a hand. Caelius looked around the wizards and, when he was sure no-one else had anything else to say on the matter, he continued. "All I'm saying is we can't divorce ourselves from Auld Magic," replied Evelyn, "and we have given people the freedom to express their wizardliness. Now, twelve years after that legislation was passed, when wizards are doing just that, what do we do? Dole out sanctions – " "Save it for another time, Evelyn." Mick Mullen, unfolding his legs at the ankle, put his hands behind his head instead. Evelyn Forteskew sat back down again. "As I said, we are dealing with the threat to our country in terms of practicalities – " he shot a look at Evelyn Forteskew and smiled inwardly at her evident dissatisfaction – "with practical measures. We will continue to offer a bulwark to conjurists and so if it emerges as you say, Lucius, a passing interest in the minority, then we can step down our vigil. Though I have to stress that, from our intelligence, we should not underestimate those behind the conjurists. Even the least witted conjurist that we've interviewed so far in Azkaban is aware of our stance on half-breeds, that they are not going to be tolerated. And I do not believe anyone here would sanction the legalisation of half breeds." He glanced at Miss Forteskew, a woman who had competed with him every day since he had arrived at Hedgewards, waiting for her to countermand him. Before he had a chance to introduce Mick Mullen to brief the cabinet on the imminent arrival of non-wizard students to Hedgewards his brother Dave spoke. "I believe you have interest in this matter yourself, Caelius? Your brother? Please allow me to address the cabinet as a neutral voice." The Head of Health looked around the table. Several of the ministers who might have challenged Caelius looked away. "Half breeds are, of course, welcome in the country but under strict conditions. Each are interviewed prior to admission through customs and they sign a contract of conduct. When unlicensed half-breeds, being used as symbols by conjurists, arrive here, they are unacclimatised to our expectations and, in many cases, their undesirable features are downright encouraged by the conjurists. We have this evidenced in their confessions. I cannot imagine anyone here could entertain the removal of licence, as called for by many conjurists, from many walks of life, as being anything but irresponsible. Caelius looked round. Even those he expected to challenge him had fallen silent, a few looking down. It had been a coup of highest magnitude when he had appointed the younger Mullen brother Head of Defence for the wizard's loquaciousness was Caelius's biggest asset. His second biggest, he postulated, lay within his robe. He had not got round to looking at the manuscript that Cecilia had given to him, but he would, right after the meeting. Gently, as he was about to introduce Mick Mullen to speak, he patted his pocket. And then Caelius realised Evelyn Forteskew was back on her feet. "There is another security measure I wish to raise," she began, "which may also be considered by some as irresponsible. May I clarify that Cecilia Lupin is not only back in the country but residing in the Chief Minister's home?" Caelius made sure his face remained fixed as he took in Evelyn's expression of triumph. Nearly all of the Ministers were now looking at him accusingly. Evelyn realised this too, and smiled at his expected discomfort. "My fellow wizards, indeed, indeed. As you know, we have been expecting Mrs Lupin to make an appearance; did we not send bugs, nay, a swarm of bugs in search of her?" He began to pace round the table as he recounted his role in Cecilia's residency. "We believed she was missing, did we not? I personally believed her to be captured by conjurists, European conjurists at that, those who we suspect to be involved in the uprising of conjurism in Britain today. Had she have been I suspect her life probably wouldn't have been worth living for Cecilia would not have revealed her work for the sake of her son. Why, it was for her son's sake that she abandoned her post at Durmstrang and returned to where she knew he would be." "And how is any of this meant to reassure us? A security threat in non-wizard form has taken it upon herself to disobey you to be, as you say yourself, with her son." Evelyn continued to smile. Caelius fixed her with a neutral glance. "Please do not let yourselves believe that Mrs Lupin's role is over – far from it." "And what reassurances do we have?" This time it was Hervert Herbert who croaked the thoughts of many into being. "Only one: that I have her under control." "You've said that before," replied Evelyn Forteskew, and several others nodded. "All is in hand. And she has been most useful to our cause." Caelius changed the subject while pretending he hadn't. "Speaking of Europe we are still waiting to hear from several of our agents from Europe, Milo Jakeman, Felicity Bell and Henrietta Edwards. Clearly they must still be in their field completing their assignments. While we still need to be guarded over the idea of missing agents – " Caelius heard the name "Reginald Pugh" whispered by the wizards and nodded inwardly, the ministry agent who had prompted a wizard-hunt over three continents but was discovered sitting down a well in Luxembourg dribbling, " – they will nevertheless need to present their findings before the end of September. Would respective department heads take note?" Three wizards, quill in hand, scribbled quickly on the papers in front of them. Caelius turned his head Gregor. "And Tabitha?" The elderly wizard, jerking as if being awoken (which he probably was, a dream, Caelius postulated, regarding at a mystery or three) and blinked. After a few moments he looked at Caelius. "I have absolutely no idea. Probably fine." "She is still behind the veil?" "Yes." Then Gregor sank back into his chair, his mind searching for the thoughts from which he had been so rudely interrupted. It was probably the best he could hope for – Mysteriours acted according to their own rules and as such Caelius felt lucky he had got a response from Gregor at all. It had satisfied the ministers too – even the ever-meticulous Lucius did not raise so much as an eyebrow. "Mick? Over to you?" Caelius looked at the Head of the Department of Education, who was chewing on what looked like gum and he resisted the urge to ask the older Mullen to remove it. As he rose Caelius clarified, "Mr. Mullen will brief us on our educational challenge which, I am pleased to say, we have met head-on." Slowly, casually, in the manner completely opposite to that of Caelius Lupin Mick Mullen got to his feet, slouching, even though there was nothing to slouch against and began to speak. Like his brother, Mick was in his sixties, but he had the spry, sprightly outlook on life of someone a third of his age. "Thank you Caelius." He winked at the Chief Minister. Caelius growled inwardly. "And my thanks too for the tireless work you have put in to the amendments to the Education policy. Your attention to detail has left me with little to do." It was true: Caelius had driven through the changes, namely because he knew if he had left it to Mick "laidback-he-was-almost-vertical" Mullen there would be non-wizards at Hedgewards ten years from now. He closed his eyes and nodded a little, openly accepting Mick's comment as an accolade. "That said, our department has been working on the dual subject names which, if you'll allow, we may ratify now?" Without waiting for a reply he withdrew his wand and flicked it above them. Words, scrolling around the table, at eye-height, appeared, moving from right to left, so all of the Hedgewards subjects, which would be called by both names this academic year, could be viewed by all of the wizards. "…Defence against the Dark: Practical Defence…Charms: Physics…Transfiguration: Science…Potions: Chemistry…Herbology: Plant Biology…History of Magic: History…Astronomy: Astronomy…" "Astronomy's going to be called Astronomy?" Dulcie Dainty's squeaky voice sounded above the low hubbub as the wizards commented to one another as subject after subject appeared. "Non-wizards study astronomy, albeit at an amateur level. This needs no translation on their behalf." Anaxagoras Tring, Head of the Department of Non-Wizard Liaison clarified the point on which Mick had consulted him. Caelius bristled. Had he had time, and wish to remove all responsibility from Mullen – not a particularly politically shrewd move – astronomy would have been renamed. It was the point of the fact. But these things were bound to happen and, especially when there was still so much to do before the end of the week, some things would have to pass if non-wizards were to successfully study at Hedgewards this year, for now. "…Study of Ancient Runes: Religious Studies…" continued the subjects, "…Arithmancy: Mathematics…Non-wizard Studies: Sociology…Care of Magical Creatures: Animal Biology…Divination: Politics and Economics…" At the last one Caelius took a furtive look at Mick, who grinned, an expression which could easily be interpreted as pleasure at his revelation in his part in the integration of non-wizards to Hedgewards and, more than likely, a subversive swipe at the Establishment. The whispering continued as the words continued. "…Ancient Studies: Archaelogy…Art: Art of Magical an Non-Magical Subjects…" Caelius had proposed this name as an illustration to the clarity he was expecting. Nevertheless, from the atmosphere in the room nothing which Mick had revealed so far had displeased them. He would wait, until their next meeting at least, to push his policy that the wizard subject names would be dropped as of next year. As the subjects tailed off, "… Earth Magic: Geology…Music: Magical and Non-Magical Music..." Mick waited for the discussions between adjacent wizards to die off. "You will notice that one subject, Ghoul Studies, has been temporarily withdrawn this year while its content is reviewed and a suitable title considered. One has been added with only its non-wizard name, "Language of Spells and What they Mean." Any questions?" He looked around as precisely no wizards raised their hands. He suspected there wouldn't be: it was in everyone's interest, not least from the financial aspect, that the reforms went ahead – Caelius had impressed on each and every Head of Department the personal benefits of non-wizards at Hedgewards…improved security…cultural harmony…healthcare development…improved transport links…smoother relations between the Hovel Office and its equivalent in the Combined Government…fewer legal disputes. Even Evelyn held her tongue. She was fiercely against anything which might sully the noble history and culture of wizards but even she had been reluctantly swayed on the argument that both of these would be strengthened rather than weakened when non-wizards truly understood wizards. As the meeting wound up, Caelius nodding and shaking hands with some of the wizards and witches as they went past, he realised that the burden of the meeting had been replaced in his thorax with something else. The room emptied and he sat down, the dark tiles now empty of feet, the minutes devoid of additions and now on the desks of all Department Heads in their entirety. He wouldn't worry about that, he couldn't. The time could not be afforded. So much to do…so much to organise. Caelius would be so glad when it came to Monday next week, the first day of teaching at Hedgewards. So much would be in place then. Then Caelius got to his feet, sweeping across the room, closing and securing the Cabinet Meeting Room behind him. So little was known about Tabitha Penwright's whereabouts and that bothered him. Not that he couldn't trust the Mysteriours – far from it. It was just that they were so…unpredictable. But he had no reason to believe in anything other than expected of her. "You wished to speak to me?" Out of the shadows the elf Vincento stepped, his long thin feet gliding across the corridor tiles in front of Caelius. The Chief Minister stopped. "Indeed my old friend." From his robe he pulled out the manuscript painstakingly copied by Cecilia and handed it to the elf who ran his thin, long fingers over its cover and then, seemingly at random, some of the pages. "Can you translate it?" Caelius hoped he didn't seem too desperate and he held off from asking for a timescale from Vincento. The elf opened his eyes. "Of course." He waited until Caelius had furnished him with gold. And then the elf turned, heading off towards the Department of Mysteries. Caelius Lupin watched him go until he could see him no longer.
88888888 It looked to be the start of a beautiful day. It was 5.30am in the Lupin household and for once Cecilia awoke, refreshed, in Caelius's bed. The sunlight poured in through the picture window which stretched across the width of the wall that faced the west – uninterrupted panorama, fells, hills, and the biggest, Helvellyn, a purple-green peak, the distinguished shoulders of its slopes contrasting gloriously with the orange of the already-risen sun. She turned over to look at the mountain, staring at it. Close to the end of the summer though it was Cecilia felt the day was more like that first day of spring. Not the 21st March, the spring equinox, but the first warm day of the young year that you get which tells you that winter is behind you and that summer, though some rainy and cold days may intrude, is on its way. Glorying in the view, and the preceding, though unprecedented, rest she had achieved Cecilia wondered on the day ahead. She had arranged, via a short floo conversation, to meet up with her friend, Petunia Dursley, who was to have been going to Diagonalley with her younger son Darren to buy his requisite belongings to accompany him to Hedgewards. Cecilia had received a letter by owl later that evening, however, telling her that she was going to have to cancel but had invited her to her home near Ormskirk that evening. So, her original plan stood. Caelius had organised for the floo network to take them both to Diagonalley at ten o'clock sharp and, via the fireplace in the Leaky Cauldron, for a return trip to the cottage at precisely three. Cecilia looked at sky as the cuckoo clock below pipped three times indicating three quarters of an hour. It was a pity in a way they were going shopping that day for it would have been a perfect day for a long walk. But she was going to be with Septimus, and shopping for the most important day of his future; Cecilia had to impress this fact on Caelius the previous evening when he had told her he could not transport them both to the wizardly shopping shambles and had reluctantly set up an open look link in the floo network which would be open for no more than thirty seconds at precisely the times specified. He was her son, Cecilia has had to explain to Caelius for the umpteenth time and it was not only her duty but her privilege to take him to buy his school supplies. Banishing the thoughts of her brother-in-law usurping her parental role with his own complicated agenda, Cecilia closed her eyes, thinking further back in the previous evening, when Caelius had brought her back to the cottage from the hospital. Still no progress, no movement, but no chance for the antigen to merely dissipate. You could not directly translate non-wizard medical treatments with those for wizards, which is why healers operated here in this world still and the professions hadn't been levelled, as had happened in so many other arenas. Wasn't there anything that anyone could do? Surely there had to be. It had hit her as she had sat there, holding her husband's hand, that the inability to cure those bitten by vampires was indeed serious so maybe, perhaps maybe, the government's measures to limit their number and control their whereabouts in the UK was indeed a sensible one. In her mind's eye Cecilia pictured her son, who would now be snoozing away in his room down the landing, having had a disturbed night, so she had discovered when she went to investigate the twittering and bangs when she had returned from the hospital that had been coming out of his room, Mervyn having kept him awake with frequent visits and rodent casualties. But there was no rush. Despite Cecilia's habit of arriving early to get the shopping done so she could be free enjoy the bustle of the crowds. It would be an atmosphere full of potential, of waiting, of watching, of children brimming with excitement and expectation, poring over soon-to-be belongings, pets, brooms, cauldrons, wands… …a flash of anger flashed over her mind: Septimus was a wizard after all, and he was going to Hedgewards. Did Caelius really think he would be the one to go with him to Diagonalley, to choose his wand with him? She dashed it down. It wouldn't be him, and he knew he was out of line. No. Cecilia smiled. She, his mother, would be with him when he walked into Ollivanders that day, when he chose his wand. Or, rather, when his wand chose him. Closing her eyes Cecilia basked in the ever-increasing warmth of the morning sunlight as the world turned on its axis and brought the Lupin cottage, on its patch of Cumbrian countryside, closer to the sun. It was Septimus who woke Cecilia up, rather than the other way round. She dozed back off to sleep that morning expecting that it would be her who would be knocking tentatively on his door, trying to prise the lad from his bed. Instead, and for the fifth time in as many days Septimus was taking it out in the springs of Caelius's bed. "Come on, Mum! Wake up!" Muzzily she opened one eye as her son looked intently at him. "Are you getting up, or what?" In a country that was proud to have integrated its wizard and non-wizard cultures, at least as far as the government was concerned there was something comfortingly wizardly in Diagonalley, with its winding streets, cobbled pavements,dark, Gothic buildings, so old and curmudgeonly it oozed magic. They appeared by way of the pre-arranged floo connection in front of the hearth in the Leaky Cauldron. Already the place was buzzing with excitement, with the bustle of people, lots of people, using the time pre-term-start to reacquaint themselves with the place, meet up with old friends, get their shopping, socialise. It was as if one big festival had descended on the collection of magical streets, something the business owners not only keenly relished but depended upon. As such each shop front shouted its wares loudly (literally, in some cases), with banners, advertising and colourfulness. They stepped out of the magical pub and onto the cobbles and were immediately jostled by wizards and witches and children appearing nearby who were keen to get shopping. Nearby was a floo hub designed from the non-wizard families who had decided to send their children to Hedgewards. They appeared, with maps and letters with the school seal on, wandering around, locating the shops, appearing with shopping wearing sometimes bemused, intrigued or downright shocked expressions on their faces. Cecilia held Septimus's hand tightly. "So," she said, smiling as the galleons in her purse began to burn a hole from her desire to be the one to look after Septimus's immediate future needs. "Where do you want to go first?" Septimus chose the sweet shop, a typical choice, and Cecilia indulged him in some Every-Flavour beans and half a dozen chocolate frogs. As one of the frogs got hastily devoured and the card pocketed Cecilia led them further down as they headed towards Madam Malkin's passing shops so familiar and so stonily unchanged from the first moment she had ever been to the Alley that she could almost swear that the Weasley children were going to call her over so they could have lunch back at the Leaky Cauldron with them. It was the same old place, but where the shops were changed their differences were marked. Even some of the more familiar shops had altered their frontage advertising, which now encouraged non-wizards of all ages who were due to go to Hedgewards that they had sufficient choice in non-wizard goods. Flourish and Blotts had non-wizard-friendly core textbooks where the danger of your hand being removed had been reduced; Ollivanders promised to find suitable substitutes for wands and boasted in a large sign outside that non-wizards got to choose their own wands. Madam Emaness was still there, the gorgeous robes and dresses adorning the windows and Cecilia had to fight the urge to go in and go shopping for herself. Eeylops Owl Emporium, where Mervyn had come from, had a group of children of Septimus's age with their noses practically glued to the window. It was a similar story outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. "Non-wizards catered for" was the sign outside the apothecary (although Cecilia wondered whether the goods sold could actually be used in the chemistry lessons proposed by Caelius (who knew little about the subject). It had taken a great deal of effort for Cecilia not to volunteer to do something to help. And in the window of Gringotts the exchange rate for pounds to galleons had just been slightly altered, in big numerals hovering just above the door. 1 galleon could now buy 5 pounds 20p, down from the £5.22 that it had been when they both passed it. It had to happen, Cecilia thought as Septimus peered into the window of Flourish and Blotts as they passed it on the way to the robe shop. If Caelius wanted integration at Hedgewards it depended on these shops catering for the few non-wizard families shopping there that day. "Is Julian coming today?" asked Cecilia as she pushed open the door of Madam Malkin's shop. Septimus shook his head. "I asked him, but he's coming tomorrow. His parents are very excited about it." Septimus had explained that both Mr. and Mrs. Scott both had a keen interest in all things magical. As Madam Malkin buzzed around them like an exquisitely-tailored bee they chatted. It was the first time they had both talked like that, like the old times, since she had returned and Cecilia felt a glow in her heart. She was back and she was enjoying being in the company of her son. She was out of it, out of the yoke of magic; it would not bother her again, her millstone had gone. Cecilia Lupin was free to get on with her life with the only decision in front of her being whether they should eat lunch after this or once they had bought everything they'd come for. "…and Sam says you get to choose some of the subjects you want to study when you get to the Third Year, but he says there'll probably be different subjects when I get that far, because of the En-Doubleyous. What do you think, mum?" "En-doubleyous?" asked Cecilia as Septimus stood two feet higher than usual, on a satin block, being measured and his growth until the end of his OWLs being estimated by an elf (the robes altered themselves automatically as the student grew ("patented technology, exclusive to my boutique," Madam Malkin had boasted as they'd entered). "Non-wizards." Septimus raised his eyebrows, his brow creasing in the same way his father's did when he looked confused when Cecilia didn't understand something straight away. "I mean, they won't be that different subjects, really?" "Who knows? It'll be exciting. And you'll be able to write to your Uncle Kay and ask what he has planned, can't you?" Three robes later, two his uniform and one for smart and Cecilia was carrying a brown paper parcel under her arm. "Now you've got Mervyn," she continued as they passed probably the biggest change to the commercial landscape of Diagonalley, "but, do you want one of those pensieves?" Cecilia gestured to the shop selling portable pensieves, a kind of device developed by the Ministry (Tabitha Penwright, Cecilia recalled) were now on sale for general use. From what Cecilia could ascertain, and she didn't know much, the device used the floo network to store the memories of the owner. Such memories could be accessed by other owners of portable pensieves, should the original memory-provider so wish by means of a pass code. Teenagers could communicate remotely with one another safe in the knowledge that only those who they wanted to contact could see their memories. By the look of the queue, which stretched down Diagonalley and threatening to skew into Knockturn Alley, they were a huge phenomenon. It also meant that the adults queuing with their children could indulge them safe in the knowledge they could use their own hearths connected to the floo network to contact their offspring. "No." Septimus shook his head. "I don't want one." "Sure?" Cecilia watched as her son followed the train of customers with a varying shapes of the new device in their hands, a clear globe atop through which thoughts could be enticed and fed. "Sure." "Are you hungry? Lunch is on Uncle Kay at the Leaky Cauldron. Or there's the bank; I need to organise your pocket money." She waited as Septimus went into a silent, thoughtful manner. Eventually he said, "Can we go to the wand shop now?" Cecilia stopped walking and looked at him, smiling happily. Septimus smiled back. "Of course." They passed the second main difference to the street as they made their way to Ollivanders, Cecilia swelling with anticipation. The Daily Prophet's premises used to be at the top end of Diagonalley but were now located halfway down, at the junction with Knockturn Alley and, judging by the hack-style headlines on their billboards ("Non-wizards: more closely related to dolphins than wizards?" and "Giants: as big a problem as they'd have you believe?") were living up to their notoriety. Gone was the support for the Ministry that had pervaded in the Old World, and here too, Cecilia remembered. Was there ever a focus of government scepticism more ferocious, more single-minded? She knew it was the bane of Caelius's life for, as soon as a new initiative was announced it was condemned in print within minutes. This time the headline simply reported a number, the number 42. This was, according to the subheading on the paper itself, was the amount of non-wizards who had been the subject of conjurist attacks. The newspaper then went on to question the wisdom of banning conjurists and the freedom of magical practice, claiming that, if the government was really concerned with non-wizards they should allow conjurists their freedom rather than try to curtail it. On the wall to the right of the building, as had been daubed every so often down the street, a symbol that reinforced the Prophet's point: a circled C, the symbol of the conjurists, activists and radicals, who had begun to press their point even in this ancient street. "Mum," said Septimus, as they stopped outside the wand shop. "I wish Dad was with us." Cecilia sighed, and smiled kindly at her son. "So do I, little Tim," she replied, before adding to herself, you wouldn't believe how much I wish he was with us. The thin-paned door, whose glass moved in its frame as Septimus leaned on the handle, creaked open, the bell tinkling overhead as he stepped in. Cecilia followed behind watching as her son surveyed the walls and ceiling. Floor-to-ceiling were stacked boxes of different sizes and shapes, grey, blue, black, buff, made of thick card, wood or animal skin. Cecilia looked up, towards the spindly candles that hung from their holders from the ceiling only to find that more boxes made up the ceiling, shelves went up as far as the eye could see. How far up could they be? The stack seemed to rise higher than the confines of the building and her analytical mind began to calculate the volume of wands that must be stored up there. "Three hundred and ninety four thousand, one hundred and fifteen." The words crackled from an aged voicebox. Its owner, now standing before Cecilia and Septimus, who was equally awed (but was more likely to get away with it, being only eleven) shot his eyes to the elderly wizard standing before him. Septimus turned quickly to look at his mother and Cecilia stepped forward. "Hello, Sir," she began, but Ollivander ignored her and looked directly at Septimus. "Where do we start…now where – do – we – start?" It wasn't a question. No sooner as the wizard, presumably Ollivander, had spoken the words he had turned on his heel, before turning back and, watching Septimus intently, whose gaze had wandered to the top left hand corner of the shop and he strode in that direction with more power than his frail legs betrayed before scrambling up a ladder. Within minutes he had climbed down, striding back and placing the wand on the table. Cecilia watched as intently as Septimus, whose hand hovered halfway between his waist and the wand, wanting to touch it but equally cautious. "Go on, go on," encouraged Ollivander, in a tone that Cecilia recognised herself using from time to time ("put that in the chemical mixture you've made – what will happen? I've no idea!") and both he and Cecilia watched as Septimus's hand approached. A low growl, like an animal warning of imminent attack should he continue, came from the wand and Septimus Ollivander clicked his tongue, as if in scolding and stared at the wand before shaking his head. "No, no." He looked at Septimus as if the boy took his meaning entirely. "Nine inches. Beech. Titanium core," he added, as if each subsequent clarification should make the his point increasingly understandable. Swiping it away he closed his eyes, opening them sharply as a rustling sound above caught his attention. "So you think you're his wand?" he asked the noisy wand crossly. "All right, if you insist." Cecilia watched as the wizard reached up, to a shelf hidden behind the counter before a wrestling match ensued between him and a slim, tan leather case. "Take it," Ollivander encouraged for, once he laid it on the counter before Septimus the struggling stopped abruptly and a wand, of very pale wood, twisted and bent, very long and very thin. No growling this time, or any sound at all save the bustle of the people outside as they walked along the cobbles, talking and laughing. He closed his hand around it and looked at Ollivander, before looking at his mother. "Ivy. No core. Go on," he whispered in a conspiratorial tone, "Give it a try." Septimus held it aloft, Cecilia noticing his hand shaking a little. A white spark shot from the backwards end, like a bullet, shattering the glass behind Septimus and ricocheting off the wall of "Flourish and Blotts." "Treachery! Treachery!" Ollivander grabbed the wand hastly from the counter where, in fright, Septimus had dropped it. Cecilia placed a hand gently on her son's shoulder and he smiled nervously. Ollivander was having a wrestling match with the wand as he tried to get it back into its case; it shifted and rattled in its rage at being contained as the wizard muttered words such as, "…faithless fey that you are! …O twisted hag!..." as he eventually won the fight. Seven others later, which either fizzed, crackled or simply did nothing and Cecilia's son looked at her, downcast. She could see what was in his mind, that (as she had done) Septimus had thought his wand would choose him quickly. "Don't worry, love, your wand will be here, somewhere. Mr. Ollivander has got over three hundred thousand, and you've not seen ten yet." Ollivander's eyes narrowed as Cecilia's words seemed to interrupt him from his train of thought and he looked at the boy with curiosity. "No, no, nothing to worry about," the wizard reiterated. "Time means nothing when your wand is choosing you. Often young wizards can be here an hour or so; the wands for boys take longer to discover them. And only last week a young witch was in here for five hours before her wand found her. No, no…we'll keep going." Ten minutes later, and a manner of other wands had been laid before Septimus. He had laid his hand on every one, and every one had elicited a verbal label from Ollivander, "…oak, seven inches; it's core is most unusually mouse tailbones…yew – some say unlucky – eleven and three quarters, dragon's wing-quill core…" When he reached the next, "…Hawthorn, ten and eleven-twelfths, phoenix feather…" Septimus put his hand on the wand unenthusiastically. Then he stopped, before turning to his mother, a big smile on his face. "It feels…right." Cecilia reached down and hugged Septimus tightly. The euphoria of that moment made her want to cry and she felt tears prick her eyes. To have missed this moment was unthinkable. "I'm so proud of you dear," she said, close to his ear and she hugged him again. "Wands choose their wizards, you see," said Mr. Ollivander as he stood away from the counter and beamed at Septimus. "In your case, it's as clear, very clear." "What's clear?" asked Septimus as his mother put three galleons on the counter. Ollivander ignored Cecilia and bent in towards him, a smile on his face and a knowing expression. "It will be clear to you soon enough, young man," he replied, before nodding at the wizard money and putting two knuts and a silver sickle next to them. Flourish and Blotts was their next stop and Cecilia's natural affinity for all things paper-bound paled at the happiness she felt when she thought of the fact that she had been with him when her son had got his wand. They bought the standard books and she asked Septimus if she wanted anything for himself. He chose a book on Quidditch with which came a small book about the players, rules and a fold out model pitch. Cecilia smiled to herself as they paid for the books. "So, you're not hungry now, are you?" she asked as she turned left as they got outside the booksellers, past three more graffiti'd circled Cs. "Mum, I am," replied Septimus, his brow crinkling. "I thought you said we were going back to the Leaky Cauldron next?" It was true; Cecilia had mentioned food, but she also knew they would have to leave straight afterwards. She didn't want to have come to Diagonalley without the second most important thing she had wanted to get for her son, something she had told no-one about. And Caelius, despite all she despised him for, had paid her directly into her Gringott's account (all Ministry employees had one, so technically she could be thought of as one of them, she had told herself wryly). She hadn't needed to spend a great deal when she had been at Durmstrang; her meals and accommodation were provided (and what could you buy when you were in a castle perched on a rock in the North Sea?) so she had a fair sum available. "I just want to pop into a shop down here," she explained, "it won't be long, just Boutes, the apothecary. We'll go to lunch straight after, OK?" Septimus nodded, walking beside his mother and peeping into his bag of books trying to read the blurb on the back of his Quidditch book. Before they had gone too far, Cecilia stopped abruptly and began to stare into the window of a shop. It was a moment or two before Septimus noticed that they were outside the Quidditch Supplies shop. In the window was the latest model sports broom, lightweight but strong, streamlined, its dark polished wood glowing gloriously in the shafts of summer sunlight that had made their way down into Diagonalley and shown to its best as it hung in the very centre of the shop's display. "Your dad's broom is in the cellar, have you dug it out yet?" Septimus had long since accepted that he was taking Remus's old school broom with him when he went to Hedgewards. He nodded. "Good lad. We can go in and get a few things for you, if you like. A big smile spread across his face." "Cool," he replied. "That'd be ace, mum." She opened the door for Septimus, who stepped in with renewed enthusiasm, goggling at the shop's vast and varied goods. "Do you know anything about brooms? That one, for example?" "It's fab," he said, looking the broom over. "I mean, all the top players have one like that! It's a Lightningshot Nine thousand and ninety nine. The last they're ever going to make.." "The last they've made," clarified the short, tubby man from behind the counter. "The last they'll ever make. The Firebolt company have turned their back on broomsticks and gone into the Pensieve business, so it'll be Nimbuses from now on, I suppose. Not as fast though, but that's progress." He shook his head and glimpsed out of the window at the long line of people still outside the shop opposite. "This is the last one still available commercially." From around the shop a universal gasp of "ohhhh" came from the dozen or so prospective young customers (though, in all likelihood, browsers and handlers) and several moved as one, like a ship in calm water, towards where Septimus and Cecilia stood. She noticed the price tag. It was would cost all she had. "So," she asked brightly, turning to her son. "It's up to you. Some accessories to start you off at school? Gloves? Shinpads? A broomcloak?" Cecilia stepped away from the window display and looked purposefully at the shelves stacked floor-to-ceiling with Quidditch-related things. She waited long enough for the silent "or" to plant itself in Septimus's mind. He looked up at his mother expectantly. Cecilia smiled, her eyes twinkling. "Or, you could have the Lightningshot."
88888888 Petunia Black's house was modern in taste and style. A detached house in Surrey, in Little Whinging. Number 4, Privet Drive. When Cecilia had first visited it, after arriving in the world where everything was just a little bit different because of Tom Riddle's inconsequentiality on the world, it had taken her about five minutes to get to know Petunia and about ten for them to become friends. It took her a lot longer to get used to the idea that she wasn't a tutor to her son Dudley and that Petunia was married to Regulus Black, Sirius's brother. And longer still for her not to be convinced that Dementors were not going to be chasing her through the cul-de-sac with the Ministry, a teenage Draco Malfoy, Arabella Figg and the Ministry for Magic in tow. It was early in the evening when Petunia floo'd Caelius's cottage to ask her what time she would like to be collected and later in the evening, once Septimus had gone to bed, for her to be sitting where she once had, on the patterned settee in the living room, talking to her friend. Caelius had been there when Petunia had floo'd and she'd asked Cecilia over in such a charming way that had meant it was difficult even for Caelius to say no to babysitting. Without the merest hint of grudging (though Cecilia knew he would be seething – so close to the departure of the students to Hedgewards there must be so many loose ends he had to tie up). "It'll only be for an hour or so," Cecilia had reiterated as the hearth flashed its familiar pulsing, indicating someone would be arriving imminently. "I'll be back to be with Septimus before you know it." It had been the third coup of the day. The fact that she had actually been able to take her son to Diagonalley had been the first. The second had come as Septimus had been on his way to bed. He'd said, in front of his uncle, that she'd be there to see how much excitement there would be as he got on the Hedgewards Express. "You'll be there to see me off mum, won't you?" His eyes had glimmered and Cecilia had taken his meaning. He meant, "because dad won't be there." Cecilia had replied that of course she would be there, how could she not be, to see her son off on his first day going to his new school? The third had meant that she was now with her friend despite her brother-in-law. Petunia Black had been her friend for a long time, that much was true. Why it was they were friends wasn't altogether obvious until you spoke to Petunia for long enough. Born into a non-wizard family with aspirations for her akin to that of her sister when Lily's talents had been discovered Petunia had grown up in the shadow of magic, not quite fitting in, and had got by with her muted charm and likeability and she had managed to get through life living parallel to her magical cousins without too much conflict. Such resilience had stood Petunia in good stead and when Cecilia's relationship between the Reciprocators had begun to strain she found herself sharing a little of her woes. In turn Cecilia had assisted Dudley Black in his education. Dudley had begun Hedgewards at the same time as Harry but his magical inability had caused him to lag behind so in his spare time Cecilia had, at his mother's request, helped him in non-magical disciplines at his mother's insistence and Dudley had found he had an ability (and the growing keenness) for craft subjects; woodwork, metalwork, welding, engineering. His father had approved of his son's hobbies and so Dudley, at home at least, was not the write-off that the Hedgewards staff (and many students alike) thought that he, and many other students who found magic challenging, were. Her efforts were not so warmly received by the Reciprocators however, including (ironically, considering the current educational policy at Hedgewards) Caelius Lupin. Dudley now worked at the local hardware shop in Little Whinging, could relate entirely to what the customer needed (sometimes before they had even spoken) and could mend anything. But his dream, Petunia had often related, which would make him independent and give him a chance, at twenty eight, to leave home, would be to follow in his father's footsteps as a floo engineer at British Floo. It had taken Petunia about a minute to get Cecilia comfortable on her sofa, explaining that Dudley was out, Darren was in bed, hopefully asleep but more likely poring over something quidditch-related and Regulus was on a night shift and another five to make tea and bring out sandwiches. "I'm sorry that I couldn't meet you this morning, Cecilia, " she began, pouring the tea from her Villeroy and Boch teapot. "Darren was taking an age to get together everything he needed and Regulus's shift changed. You don't mind do you? It's so good to see you," she added, as Cecilia nodded her head, the nausea of the floo journey she had just experienced not having quite passed yet. "It was quite a shock to hear you'd got back; almost as much as the one I had when Regulus had told me you'd gone all the way to Durmstrang." She shook her head. "Caelius. I know." "I'd had enough of being there, of being away from Caelius, of being told what I have to do and where to be. It was Remus who'd made up my mind, when he visited me, in June. I couldn't be away from them any more, no matter what Caelius said. We made up, Remus and I…" her words drifted to nothing as she frowned. "And now you get back to your family knowing that Remus is in such a way – I was so shocked to hear about them both…it just shows you what these so-called Conjurists are doing, utter fools that they are. Do you suppose Caelius's plan for non-wizards at Hedgewards will work?" "Would it have helped you, or Dudley?" Cecilia asked, sipping at her tea. It was Petunia's turn to fall silent. At length she put down her teacup. "It may have. I mean it's a good idea. Any attempt to understand wizards who are challenged and non-wizards too will always be good. But, it just seems too fast. I mean, while Caelius is about it, will there be a decent careers education, or will those who can't do a magical job just be left to fend for themselves? Dudley…so many people underestimated him. And now there'll be students with no magical ability whatsoever?" She shook her head. "No…like all these things, it's great in principle but it's being forced through for political reasons, that's my feeling, and they never turn out well. Caelius…he's got far too much on; head of the Reciprocators was just one responsibility too far. I mean, do you ever witness him sleep?" Cecilia laughed, shaking her head. "He must sleep downstairs. When I turned up he gave up his bed when I arrived." Petunia shook her head again. "He's just so unlike Aberforth. Handing over the Reciprocators to a politician was an interesting move. Aberforth was honest, he spoke it like it was; so unlike Albus Dumbledore, too…power-hungry…manipulative…Aberforth always let things run their course, intervened only when he had to. Not like Albus Dumbledore. Not like Caelius, either," she added. Cecilia smiled, a weight lifting. She always felt better after talking to Petunia Black; she put things into perspective; it was a litmus test for her feelings, whether they were genuinely representative of the situation or her own paranoia. Petunia's natural ability to empathise was, of course, her magical ability, it was what she was good at, something to which her genetics, which Cecilia's prior investigation, in the Other Place, had pointed her. It was how Petunia had begun to suspect Cecilia, as tutor to her son Dudley was not all that she seemed. But here they were friends. It had been Cecilia who had cut herself off from Petunia, who had written to her at Durmstrang regularly. And so, the secret of her flight across the North Sea and the North of England, a secret she had shared with no-one (though the Ministry (depending on how much Caelius had shared with his colleagues) knew of her fantastical journey back, Cecilia shared with her friend.. Thinking about it now it even seemed to Cecilia outrageous – and she'd done it so it wasn't surprising that, as her friend listened to her, Petunia's mouth falling open, a mixture of disbelief and awe on her face. "I was desperate. You know what it was like when I left, Petunia. When Caelius collected me from here, he took me straight to Durmstrang. He didn't even give me a chance to say goodbye to Septimus." In vain, Cecilia tried to hold back the tears, but salt water welled and she let them fall. Petunia reached over and held her hand. It was true. Petunia had been an oasis in the turbulence of that fateful evening. She had used the illicit floo powder which she had had in her pocket and had belonged to Remus's (and now Caelius's) grandmother, a non-wizard, to contact her husband and was, in this world, illegal. Caelius had used it to trace her to Privet Drive and had taken her there and then, explaining to her only when they had got to the magical school what she would be doing there. But it had been her words to Cecilia for that brief time beforehand which had got her through. She had told her, as Cecilia had sobbed and bemoaned her innate inability to mother, that Freya could not have asked for a better person to care for her, and that it wasn't Cecilia's fault that the girls headstrong nature had led her along the path it had, making her seek thrills from abusing her adoptive mother's position, breaking into Hedgewards (for which Cecilia had got the blame) and then leaving home, stealing money from Cecilia to get herself to Whitehaven, to Nymphadora Tonks and Nick Smith's house leaving a cursive note. Cecilia knew that Caelius intended to exile her somewhere. Petunia had told her that, if it was the case, that she had broken the law in some way (again, only the Ministry and Aberforth knew where she had arrived from) she should take the opportunity to learn as much as she can. Her words had been Cecilia's comfort and, when she was at her angriest at Caelius she channelled her energy in experiencing as much magic as she could, gain as much knowledge as possible, even try out her own hypothesis that someone of entirely non-wizard origin might change as a result of magical exposure. Was it controllable, or did it control the non-wizard, like the yeast in butterbeer, which had, when Cecilia had imbibed it, out drinking on her birthday with Tonks when she had arrived at Hogwarts, did it adversely affect her health? To Cecilia's surprise, despite a higher than average concentration of magic (Durmstrang was a prolific research academy) she had suffered little in terms of her health and she had been even more surprised that she seemed to have developed a little magical ability of her own. "If only, if only," Cecilia continued, "perhaps if I'd tried to fit in with the Plastics. If I'd tried to get along with them more." "Oh my dear, how like you to say that!" exclaimed Petunia, tapping her hand again. She had never minded the nickname, even if it did refer to Lily disparagingly. "But you see, my sister and Henrietta too, they thrive on conflict. I stay out of it all for my sanity." "But I'm out if it, I'm determined. I'm going to be Septimus's mother and that is all. I'll work in a non-wizard job – I don't care what – but I'm not going to get involved with magic again." Cecilia looked down. Petunia carefully topped up her tea. "And then I can be there for Remus, and do all those things that mothers should, like – " she broke off. " – oh, Petunia!" her eyes shone as she recounted the morning. "It was wonderful, taking Septimus today! So many people there, going to get their Hedgewards things! The books…I'd forgotten how wonderful the place was…Flourish and Blotts…and I took him to get his wand..." she looked at Petunia, conveying her pleasure at her motherly duty. "Hawthorn. And then…have you heard of the Lightningshot? It's a – " " – broom, yes I know," Petunia interrupted. "Darren's been going on about it all summer, saying how it's all downhill from now on, now they've stopped making the fastest broom in the world." "It took me all the money I have…the wizard in the shop said it was the last one…" "…you bought it for Septimus!" Cecilia nodded. "I wanted him to have something special. He's been through so much. I mean tomorrow Remus won't be there to wave him off…" "Marvellous! I bet he'll make a lot of friends, having one of the most famous brooms in the world. Darren won't half be jealous." "It was that or a pensieve," Cecilia continued, biting into a shortbread. "But he didn't want one of those. I'm quite glad, to be honest, but perhaps it's because I don't understand them." Individual pensieves, that could be used as messaging systems between their owners. The must-have accessory for Hedgewards students, one that every mum should have one because the floo network and owl-delivered letters had become so old fashioned and the aforementioned mother could now nag at every opportunity. And at every opportunity the respective witch or wizard student could now have an excuse to ignore her. Curiously owls were still popular pets, though what the owlery would be used for if not letters was anyone's guess. "Portable pensieves!" Petunua spat, shaking her head. "I mean, we're supposed to be in a recession. Not by the queue I saw on Wednesday outside the Firestorm shop. Plus it's taking away business from the floo network. I don't know when Regulus has been so quiet. Dudley's worried he won't ever be able to get a job with British Floo. There are so few options open for him, even with his magical education." She shook her head. "His diagnosis as being like me…less-magically-able…it's been more of a hindrance than a help. When I was at Hedgewards, before our conditions were recognised as disabilities…yes, I'm not saying life wasn't difficult…but barriers weren't put in our way, we were encouraged to do our best and that nothing would stand in our way. Now…it's just excuse after excuse…"he's not as magically able as we'd like…he was on the LMA register at school, wasn't he…?" BF isn't like the Ministry. Sam Potter's always known what he wanted to do, but he's able, and James works for the Ministry. His career is pretty much signed and sealed." Petunia put down her cup of tea. Like Cecilia Petunia's family were her first priority and despite her affability she fought like a lioness to defend them. "He's a bright lad, I'm sure it will all work out for the best. In fact I know it will. If people understand more about wizards with LMA then it'll come round in legislation and eventually he'll be given a chance. " "You can't help but worry, though," replied Petunia. Cecilia nodded. She'd done more worrying than she had ever thought possible over Septimus; agonising over the decision for him go to Hedgewards was only her latest woe. "Sam's had a lot of time for Septimus, I've noticed," Petunia continued, smiling warmly. "Regulus has said he's been at Grimmauld Place several times." Cecilia pursed her lips. "So Caelius could ease his conscience," she muttered. "Is that how you feel? You really don't trust him, do you?" "No, Petunia, I really don't." She counted to ten in her head; her friend did not deserve to hear the rest of the sentence, that she was forming in her mind about her brother-in-law. "But I'm grateful Septimus loves him and he was there when Remus was taken ill…he's done his best for little Tim, but now, at least, I can be there for him." "He's excited about going to Hedgewards, then?" "Too right. But oh…" Cecilia stopped abruptly, buried her head in her hands, the feeling of guilt eating at her as it had done since she had returned from Diagonalley and Septimus had told his uncle how excited he was that his mum had got for him the Lightningshot. "Have I just tried to buy off nearly two years of absence with an expensive gift? I would rather…I would rather…" she coughed as she caught her breath – " – you'd rather have been there for him, of course. Anyone who knows you knows that, Cec." Petunia put a comforting hand on Cecilia's back as the expression of her monstrous feelings that had been buried deep down surfaced as sobs. "It's just how you feel about the situation that you left…about the Plastics..." Cecilia turned to look at Petunia, who was smiling kindly at her, a knowing smile on her lips. "…the Plastics…" Petunia echoed, smiling. Cecilia sat back up, wiping her eyes on the back of her hand. "And he's the biggest one of all!" "Regulus said you looked well at the Reciprocator meeting the other night. I take it you didn't feel to threatened?" Cecilia shook her head. "I've stepped away from magic and I'm glad; none of what they spoke about affected me. I didn't feel I had to be on the defensive." "Then that's excellent. So…the only person making you feel bad is Caelius." Cecilia nodded slowly. It was true. It was so inherently true "Just think, when you get back to your house, knowing Septimus is safely at school, and you're doing something non-wizardly, then just think how you'll feel." "Brilliant," replied Cecilia, smiling back at her friend. Somehow Mrs Black had a way of making the things Cecilia was most worried about seem matter-of-fact and trivial, things that were easy to deal with or easily forgotten. "The worst thing is having to ask him to take me to see Remus. It's as if he's putting a tally on a mental tick sheet under my name, for all the favours that I'm asking of him. I know…I know I'll have to pay the debt eventually." The depression of her once-imagined freedom crashing around her as the reality of her confinement replaced it. "That's easily settled," replied Petunia. "Whenever you need to get to St. Mungo's you contact me. You've got that non-wizard floo powder, haven't you?" "That's another thing. If he catches me with that…" "Regulus can sort that one out. There's many a thing can be disguised by a floo engineer. You're going to ask him about taking you tonight, aren't you?" Cecilia nodded. Petunia got to her feet, magicking away the tea tray. Cecilia watched as she approached the hearth. "Well, drink up then." Petunia encouraged. If Caelius needs to get back to his important work he'll find a way of keeping Septimus safe. "We'll go now, shall we? It's time I visited Sirius anyway." Cecilia got to her feet. "Regulus, you know, he's so worried about Sirius," she continued as Cecilia stood beside her. Then, one body-restricting moment later, she was standing in the reception-hall of St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies. 88888888 Resting her head on the back of one of the cottage's chairs Cecilia closed her eyes. So far past midnight it probably classified as early morning she could not sleep and had decided to wait out the hours before it was light waiting. What she was waiting for Cecilia didn't know. Waiting for an appropriate opportunity to use the shower and get changed before Septimus went off to Hedgewards? Waiting for her painful thoughts to ebb away? Waiting for the anaesthesia of sleep? They had spoken to the healer, first about Remus, then Sirius, then Remus again. From what the witch was telling them there was little change in their conditions though progress had been made, of sorts, in Remus's case. But it seemed that nothing short of a miracle would prevent him from acquiring at least some vampire traits when he awoke, unlike Sirius, who was now being treated with lycanthropy potion. Perhaps she shouldn't have gone with Petunia to St. Mungo's. Her friend had chatted to her about Regulus, and his closeness to Sirius. Indeed, here that was the case, and she realised that Petunia had her own beef with Caelius. At least she was able to come to her own peace, ask her own questions and not feel trapped by her helplessness at her husband's plight. Sirius was being treated and would, if all things went in his favour, make a good recovery. Sirius had always fascinated her. In the Old World he had caught her eye and her visceral desires had, to a certain extent taken over. His polar difference to her had been of immediate interest and his determination to prevent her from working on Harry's potion had invoked her competitive side, making her go on, driving her forward. Playing a game... Well, weren't they all, those wizards? Playing while non-wizards suffered? That was something which had stuck here. The eradication of the m-word to describe those without magic in an effort in equity, those racist terms of yesteryear to describe anyone of a different skin colour or creed, muggle was one of those here, being driven underground and surfacing in the guise of the Conjurists. Here Sirius Black was just an ordinary person, merely another wizard, admittedly with a rather appealing dry sense of humour, but in the not changed and twisted into a dark brooding figure by the deaths of his friends, by his false imprisonment, by the injustice of it all. "You're the second visitor they've had tonight," the healer had commented as she left. But who, Cecilia wondered as Petunia took her home. Yes, the Order, of course. No, not the Order, the Reciprocators Even such things as these blended to one when she was tired. Then, as she had been left alone by her friend, wishing her a good rest before they met tomorrow on Platform 8 7/8ths, it had hit Cecilia about how much time they had lost…how much time she hadn't been there…what if he died and he didn't know she'd been there…that he didn't know that she had accepted his beautifully-expressed offer of a reconciliation of their marriage and their time together… She got up and made her way towards the kitchen, to the anaesthetic-inducing activity of making tea using the copper kettle on the stove and pouring the scalding-hot water over teabags, not tea. Cecilia then sat down, putting the cup firmly on the table in front of her. Then, she made her way upstairs, fighting her feelings, pushing open her son's bedroom door and checking on him before making her way back downstairs again. As the silent, hacking sobs overcame her it was the voice of her friend who had intervened. The healer had mentioned that any help in terms of her husband, any tiny lead or insight could tip the balance. Cecilia closed her eyes. What Petunia had suggested would lead her back to magic. Petunia had asked her why she felt so terrified of magic that she would give up any effort on her part that might help Remus. It was true, cutting close to the nerve. All she needed to do was to contact Severus Snape, tell him she wanted in on a cure. Tell him she was not going away, and that she would not stop until she had found a way to help her husband. Her friend, of course, was right. It just meant she was shackling herself to magic, something she had vowed to herself that she would never do again. Cecilia closed her eyes. When she opened them again she was staring in exactly the same place as she had been when she given in to sleep. What had not changed was the emotion, trapped behind her chest and in her throat. Once she had floo'd Snape, declaring her lot Cecilia made her way back to the sofa again. 88888888 The message, flashing blue and green, flickered in the hearth in the Headmaster's Office. As headmaster Severus Snape wordlessly glided across the stone floor towards it. It had been a long night but it would be nothing to the length of the day that tomorrow would bring. He invoked the message into being. Cecilia Frobisher. But not now. Cecilia Lupin. He knew it wouldn't be long until he heard her swear she would help him for Remus's sake. Amateurish. But so close to everything she pursued. Had it not been for her effort and her pathetic supposition of a genetic connection between Tom Riddle, an old wizard who was once employed by the Ministry, and a variety of other wizards (Snape included) then he would not have thought of comparing their makeup. And yet, it had led to the understanding of the abilities of wizards with limited talent, that was, their bodies metabolised the energy but focused it into one area. They were specialists, highly talented in only one, or possibly two, magical areas. Such discoveries had gone on to inform magical governmental policy and had led to a better understanding of wizards. It had explained Tabitha. Not that Snape needed an explanation for his feelings for her, not Tabitha Penwright herself, who would regard an understanding for her natural ability to interpret mysteries as important as a pebble in a gutter. But it had caused those in the Ministry, those who mattered, to change their opinion of Mysteriours and at a stroke their reputation for being eccentric yet mostly irrelevant was replaced with one of value for their work. At least he had Cecilia to thank for that. Embarrassing, yes, when Cecilia got into her stride, trying to convince everyone who would listen to listen to her theories. It had been her own self-doubt that had led to Cecilia's own embarrassment at her magical theories which had led to her confrontation with Henrietta Edwards and the other Reciprocators. But Cecilia Lupin was her own worst critic. Not even the most cutting words of Henrietta would make her have a lower opinion of herself. Had there been less self-doubt on Cecilia's part Severus believed she might have rejoined him at Hedgewards. But the damage had been done. She was offering her services out of desperation; they both knew it. She had even felt so humiliated when she had apologised for her foolishness but he had never replied. What Cecilia really couldn't see was that she was able do this alone, do anything alone, with no regard for magic whatsoever, if only she believed in herself. St. Mungo's had contacted him to provide lycanthropy potion; he had overseen its administration himself that evening. Sirius was far luckier than Remus. All he had to do was wake up to be all right. Currently, that would condemn Remus Lupin. It could be done, a vampire potion. But not here and not now. Peering into the hearth he connected with the fireplace at Caelius Lupin's cottage, reviewing in his mind what he was about to say to his former colleague. To some extent, sending her to Durmstrang was no bad thing, cruel though it was. What his response would be was determined by the events Severus Snape witnessed, unseen (due to a security spell) as he viewed the discourse between Cecilia Lupin and Caelius, at the part of the conversation he had happened upon. Caelius thanked her for being the one to be seeing Septimus off on the Hedgewards Express. Of course, Cecilia had replied, where else would she be? It would give her little time to pack. But she would be able to come back to get her things, wouldn't she? Unfortunately not. And she would be the one explaining to Septimus that she was leaving the cottage. Of course she would, first thing in the morning. It would be good, she added aloud, that she would be going home. If you could call it that, Caelius had replied. Of course she called it home. What else would she call it? Her place of work. But she had spent two years there, he supposed that she might call Durmstrang home. And it would be better for all concerned that she told Septimus immediately. He couldn't make her, she protested. Think of Septimus. How would he feel, his mother in Azkaban? Think of the shame. At least you'll be able to break it to him yourself. Think of the times that you won't be able to in the future. Caelius headed up the stairs and Snape watched Cecilia watching her brother-in-law, open-mouthed. He watched her draw her hands towards her face, to crumple into a heap onto the worn, patterned carpet before burying her head in her hands, her wracked sobs straining at her frame until finally ebbing before Cecilia closed her eyes. Severus Snape cut the floo connection and returned to his desk, contemplating the wretchedness of Cecilia Lupin's unchoosable choice.
To describe the place she was in was immaterial. Dark clouds connected with thin strands of gaseous material were Tabitha's navigation points through the memories behind the veil. Though time meant nothing here she sensed she had been amongst her memories – her children – for a reasonable time in this time-space dimension store of memories, some given willingly, some accidental. Some belonging to people unfortunate enough to have fallen through the mysterious archway. All memories of people dead lingered here, blended together, dispersed, moved spontaneously in their exosphere, jostled for room, connected. Who could be the one to understand what happened here? How could it be anyone but her? The memories could be easily accessed by diving through their dense, cloudlike exteriors, by putting your head, arms or legs through the opaque material until you became part of the memory, as an observer, watching the events unfold. You could interact with objects that were inanimate and…you could change the memory in doing so. Tabitha knew that Cecilia had done just this and she had, by all accounts, changed her version of reality. To Tabitha, of course, reality had always been what Cecilia called the New Place. Such was the mystery of the veil. Another mystery, some way explained to a point by Severus, was that Tabitha's ability, and Cecilia's too, of being able to survive with the memories and reappear, not dying as a wizard would and thereby donating their memories to the ever-growing repository. But it was not to understand the mysteries that she was behind the veil this time. While her hypothesis about how, back here, the memories worked interested her it was not her prime focus for being here, not now. Her task was simple, as far as navigating her way around clouds which moved and shifted at will as she searched for those in particular whose features would, in the near future make a big difference. To probably any other person the place would be entirely outlandish and bizarre, ludicrous and nonsensical. But to Tabitha Penwright it made perfect sense. But executing her endeavour was turning out to be more and more difficult. On a regular basis ever increasing memories arrived making the search more complicated. It had taken her, well, weeks so far, Tabitha estimated, rest and food taken when she needed by entering memories and taking what she needed, tactfully and carefully, so the chronology of the memory was preserved. Not that she needed food and rest here – time was at a standstill and, in turn, so was hunger and rest. It just went to show how, despite the lack of physiological need these fundamental human needs demanded to be satisfied. What could be causing the increase? It was a question that occupied Tabitha's mind at present as she carefully traversed the memories, carefully because, one slip would have her down (relatively speaking) past the memories and into, well, if not oblivion, a place where she could not get hold of the rope that tied her to the shelving in the Department office. Had there been a sudden increase in deaths or prisoners? That would account for increase. Or some other means of accessing memories? Tabitha hoped that it would soon cease for she knew that every memory, identical in outer character to one another, would be have to be examined for as soon as they appeared, so changeable that they were and difficult to distinguish between. If she did not, she may never find the one she was looking for. Resting on a particularly thick cloud she looked down through the translucent material. As she sank through Tabitha was relieved that the memory was empty, for now. It was the scene of a living room, with an tapestry, wing-backed chair right next to an empty hearth on floorboards. She leaned back. It reminded her of Severus's home, 42, Spinner's End, decorated around the time of Victoria's accession to the throne and little changed. Tabitha closed her eyes momentarily, picturing his face in her mind. They had drifted away…but that was inevitable, given her task. He understood her. And for this reason it was likely, she concluded, that he had never pressed her for a conventional relationship. He was a good man; a great man, considering his input recently. Had she been able to live for a thousand years she could not begin to think like Severus Snape. She opened her eyes again. Her strategy was not exactly what Caelius Lupin wanted, of course. Nothing anyone did was exactly what Caelius wanted. That was why, Severus always said, that the wizard refused to delegate. Perhaps it was in his nature, that he needed to be in control. Caelius wanted it destroyed. Tabitha let out a sigh, her stomach working on her mind to get a word in about her increasing hunger and she glanced in the direction of the house's kitchen. It had to be destroyed, of course. She got to her feet, the floorboards squeaking beneath her, and began to walk lightly towards the kitchen door. But it was so beautiful, they all were. How could something so beautiful have to be destroyed? Once she had found it, once she had held it in her hands, she knew she would always remember it. It would be a part of Tabitha Penwright, and its mortality weighted heavily in her mind. Once it had gone, it would never exist again: extinct. Nothing anyone could do could ever revive it. And she was the assassin. Little was available in the kitchen and Tabitha's eye was drawn towards the pantry. This memory must be quite an old one; in the cold store there was some cheese and ham and the bread, a sort of off-white colour, had a knife next to it, inviting her to cut a slice. Could she do it? He'd asked her that, he who thought he was in control of what she would be doing. What she would be doing, what she was doing, was a natural thing, inevitable, something that would have to be done. It was like asking Isambard Brunel to design and build a bridge: absurdly simple. But if felt he needed to feel he was in charge then she would not be the one to shatter the illusion. Tabitha bit into her sandwich, the saltiness of the ham tingling on her tongue. Sometimes the world, where other people lived, was so complicated. Mysteries, on the other hand, they were the simple things, things which could be easily understood. A few more bites later and Tabitha had sated her appetite. And just in time too. The rickety front gate standing at the bottom of the garden path swung open and three children, laughing and chatting, bustled through it. Tabitha looked up, at her umbilical cord of a rope. While the people in these memories could not see or interact with her Tabitha felt more than a little awkward as an observer in the memory and chose to let it get on with itself. She shinned up, looking down as the children bowled through the wooden-planked door, chatting loudly, before calling out for Gran. Perhaps a thicker memory, an older one, would be a better resting place. Older ones had denser clouds and they were quite comfortable to sleep on. Tabitha looked around on the horizon, hoping that the memory she sought was not so thick that it was impenetrable. Getting comfortable, her rucksack doubling as a pillow, Tabitha reached subconsciously for her throat, her mind reviewing, for want of a better word, the day's work. Then she sat back up suddenly. Her necklace, her locket on the chain. A family hand-me-down. It was gone. 88888888 As the sun, shrouded in morning mist filtered through the thin nylon curtains Cecilia realised that she had woken up in the cottage's living room. She stared at the green and brown striped pattern as she tried to work out why it was she was here and not upstairs in bed. She stared at the horizontal lines as the dust in the air sparkled in the sunlight. It took Cecilia a few minutes to register that she had a feeling in her stomach, as if she had got to the highest point of an Alton Towers rollercoaster and was about to plummet over the imagined abyss. What was this feeling? And then, a few minutes later the evening before dawned on her, slowly and creeping, as if losing the duvet cover in the night with the realisation that you are entirely exposed to the elements as real as the emptiness and despair that was writhing inside. Cecilia folded her arms round herself and pictured her son, little Septimus, bounding down the stairs at any moment, full of excitement and trepidation at his impending journey and she forced the feeling of hatred that she felt for her brother-in-law and the to-be enforced separation imposed on them that hung about her like an odour into a corner of her mind, screwing up her eyes and fists in the effort. Cecilia opened her eyes as the rage passed, the emotion turning to sadness. Unbidden teardrops filled her eyes and they dropped onto the settee where she still lay, horizontal, darkening the fabric where they fell. She was still trapped by wizards: no matter what she did there was always going to be wizards, pulling the strings. And she'd just agreed, blithely and happily, to allow her son to go to their wretched school. If she had had any sense at all she would have taken Septimus that night and ran, risking imprisonment, yes. But her conscience would be clear. Cecilia had been amazed that she was still at the cottage herself that morning. But of course, she couldn't put him through that. Cecilia thought of the day she had had with Septimus, in Diagonalley, the wonder of his wand choosing him; buying the things he would need for the school he wanted – yes, wanted – to attend. Yes, she had bought him an expensive broom, which he loved, but it was the strength of his mother he needed, which he deserved. The broom wouldn't buy the love he'd missed in the last two years, and in the months to come, if she were to be interned again at the Durmstrang Institute. Cecilia sat up, bending forward so far that her forehead almost touched her knees. She also knew that she had been focusing on their visit to Diagonally to avoid thinking about Remus, her beloved husband, whom she could not help…but again fall to the mercy of wizards and their will to help. None of that mattered now: Septimus would be gone so very soon and she knew she would have to face her it: whether British or an island off Norway it would make little odds; her destination was a rock in the middle of the North Sea. The only difference was that dementors did not guard Durmstrang. As he descended the stairs Caelius thought it best to say nothing to Cecilia, her head bent in supplication. He trod lightly and turned right, heading into the kitchen. Whether she had registered his presence Caelius did not know, but she did not look up. It made perfect sense of course. It fitted Caelius's behaviour, it was predictable, given the antecedents. Cecilia looked at the brown swirls on the cream background of the carpet, a part of her mind stilling her emotions by comparing the sweeps of the curls, like chocolate sauce in custard. She had challenged his authority, yes. But it did not make it any easier to take, to be punished like that. And Caelius had made it clear to her that she would be the one who would tell Septimus this time. But she knew that she would not – could not – show this to Septimus. She would keep it in: all would be normal for her son as he got ready for his first journey on the Hedgewards Express and his first day at secondary school. It was now up to her to give the performance of a lifetime, practised to a T, giving bad news to her son but making it seem unimportant. Cecilia raised her head and looked around her. The cottage's living room, so welcoming yesterday, now felt cold and distant. But she knew she was thinking rationally now, if she was planning She was even thinking rationally now, pushing her emotion far down into her. Like a volcano it would, in time, erupt violently, but now all Cecilia could think about were their immediate plans: had Septimus got everything he needed? Had they enough food so he could at least take some sandwiches – she didn't want him to go hungry. Had she put aside enough money, had Septimus all he needed for school? It wouldn't be long until his broom and Mervyn would be sent on, destined for the Hedgewards Express's luggage compartments. An expert in magical creatures travelled with the animals that were too unwieldy to travel with the students (mostly owls, but also snakes and cats) and the brooms had their own section lest they got damaged. The Call would come between 9 and 10 that morning - Septimus would have to hurry if he was to make his owl's cage respectable for the long journey north. The cuckoo clock struck six, which drew Cecilia's attention to the time. Three hours. Septimus would not be up yet and she wouldn't wake him just yet. The last time in his own bed, well, his bed. His own bed was back in Dalton Drive, in Edgeford, at hers and Remus's house. The point was…the point…he needed his sleep. Cecilia shook her head and made her way over to the fireplace. The fire crackled green as she tossed a small sprinkle of her special floo powder into the hearth. It was inevitable, so early in the morning, that no-one would be around at that time in the morning, but she left a message for Freya in any case. It was short, but spoke briefly of the past being just so. A second message more cryptic, but with enough words to allow it to be understood whilst, at the same time, not understood when, and it had to be when, Caelius checked the floo network. A creak to her left prompted Cecilia to look in the direction of the kitchen and she saw Caelius push the door open carrying two steaming mugs. Hastily Cecilia folded up the paper in which the powder was contained and held it in her hand before turning to Caelius Lupin and getting to her feet. Neither said a word as he handed Cecilia a mug of black tea but found the civility to be able to nod in acknowledgement. He said nothing, pausing as he handed it to her before making his way upstairs. Halfway up he stopped, looking down. "I'll be accompanying you both to Platform 8 7/8ths." He smiled a little. "I wouldn't miss Septimus's first day for the world." When Septimus got up, an hour and a half later it was with the spirit of a newborn spring lamb. He'd washed and dressed without being prompted (yes, miracles did happen, apparently) and bounded downstairs, full of life. Cecilia;s brooding was instantly shelved and she felt the automation of the mother she needed to be click into place. He was thrilled when his broom, which he carefully brought down from his room as if it were the crown jewels, and Mervyn too, treated with equal care, were collected by a Hedgewards Express guard, the knock causing the little owl to shriek in alarm as he arrived at the back door. Septimus, with due ceremony presented both to the little stout man, who saluted him, as Cecilia hung back in the kitchen, and congratulated him on his place at the school. The second miracle was that Septimus had already packed everything he was taking into a bug trunk that had belonged to his father. It still had evidence of grafitti, knocks and scrapes (it had been used as a sledge on more than one occasion by Remus, Sirius and James down the stairs at Hedgewards, according to Lily) and he had put everything he needed into it. Cecilia had insisted on checking and had been quietly impressed by her son's meticulousness – he'd included everything necessary, though perhaps a few too many copies of "Quidditch Quarterly". After his breakfast, during which she had absent-mindedly set fire to the kitchen blinds by letting the toast burn, Septimus asked her about what Durmstrang was like; was it like Hedgewards, what were the professors like. It had caught her off guard when he'd asked and Cecilia had wondered aloud that she was sure she had already spoken to him about it. Her son insisted that she had not and it had taken all her strength to enter a discourse, as if he were a student and Cecilia was dealing in cold, hard facts. She told him it was high up in the mountains, it was cold, but that was supposed to be good for thinking. The rocks were volcanic – Septimus said Julian would be keen – and that Hedgewards would be exciting, far more exciting than Durmstrang, where they couldn't even play Quidditch without returning to the mainland. Not that it was encouraged among the students there, Cecilia added to herself and, in that moment, felt very sorry for he students of the Institute, holed up there, their prime purpose academic pursuits. "There's some professors you'll like at Hedgewards," Cecilia continued as the thought of no quidditch for the Durmstrangers continued to astound her son. "Professor Longbottom, now – what he doesn't know about magical plants isn't worth knowing." "Really mum?" "He out-geeks me at any rate." "So, what will it be like when I get there?" "You'll travel by boat, across the Great Lake; you'll enter the dungeon entrance, then go though to the Great Hall." From the other side of the living room Uncle Kay spoke to his nephew. "The Sorting Hat will decide which house you'll be in, then there'll be the feast." He made his way towards Septimus, putting his arm around him. Cecilia tried not to let her anger show as Septimus snuggled into him, resisting the urge to wrench him away from her son." "There's Slytherin and Ravenclaw, Gryffindor and – " "Hufflepuff," finished Septimus. "I know. I read about it." "Just so," nodded Caelius. The houses had the same names; that was one thing that had been hotly contested and met the strongest resistance when he had brought up with the Reciprocators, the Ministry and the teachers at Hedgewards as something worth changing in lieu of inclusion. It seemed that while it was fine to alter the curriculum to change the identities of the houses was tantamount to sacrilege. It wasn't long till they were standing outside King's Cross Station, walking along platforms eight and nine in search of the secret entrance to Platform 8 7/8ths. Septimus was excited, his joy increasing when he found Julian, who was pondering, as he was, the entrance. "It is all right for Julian to go through, isn't it Uncle Kay?" Septimus asked, "and Mum?" Caelius stooped to Septimus's level. "Yes. It's been arranged." He pointed past his nephew and to an innocuous supporting arch wall." Just take a run at it, with your trolley. Then make sure you move out of the way; you don't want to be bumped by the next person." As Septimus, shortly followed by Julian and his parents, negotiated the secret entrance to the Hedgewards Express's platform a shadow grew over Cecilia's mind. The conversation that she had been dreading all morning was looming in her mind: it was imminent and she was not at all certain how she would say it. "Our turn," Caelius said to Cecilia, ushering her towards the entrance too. Had it not been for the fact that she was lost in her own thoughts about Septimus Cecilia might easily have turned round and thumped him. She resisted, not least because he'd make it her problem then. The platform was bustling. Children, greeting one another and hugging, parents, wizards and non-wizards alike, greeting one another and chatting. Students compared purchases and talked about school; some had found their seats already and stowed away their cases and trunks. Some people were fighting their way to the guard van with owls, hoping that they could be taken in – one man was having a conversation with the guard, clearly he was a non-wizard, because he was telling the stout, black-moustachioed wizard guard that he had had no message or information to tell him that his daughter's elegant tawny owl had to be sent on ahead. Around them wizards and witches from some families seemed to have outdone themselves in dressing for the occasion – several had come with full wizardly regalia, as if trying to show who could wear the most elegant or elaborate clothing. It was as if people had turned up in black tie and ball dresses to see off their children and aforementioned children had also been bought, which they were already wearing before they had even had the call to change, the most expensive robes money could buy. Cecilia held her breath a few times – the crowd seemed oppressive and she felt like taking Septimus in her arms and dragging him back onto the main platform until the hubbub had died away. She tried to focus her mind on something else but the weight of her impending task and eventual destination began to play on her mind. Then she caught sight of Petunia Black who, from the other end of the platform waved to Cecilia as Regulus helped their younger son Darren onto the train at that end. Petunia seemed to be trying to shout to her but, above the noise, it was drowned out. "I suppose you've got everything you need, Septimus," said Mr. Scott, Julian's father to Septimus. "Julian told you about your broomstick, he said it was a good one." "The best," smiled Septimus, looking up at Cecilia. She smiled back and hugged him briefly. "I didn't know whether I should buy Julian something," Mr. Scott added, looking down at him. "I mean, in case he can't fly one. There's plenty there, so I understand, and if Julian gets on with them there's always Christmas." "I'll try, Dad," replied Septimus's friend. "I know you will, son." Cecilia noticed the look of sadness pass over Septimus's face. He wanted Remus to be there, of course he did. His own father, being too ill to be able to see him off on the most important day of his school life. "I've brought some of my fossils I got on holiday," Julian continued, rummaging around in his pockets." The darkness lifted as Septimus was instantly enthralled. "Bridport. Not as good as Lyme Regis." "Cool!" "We'll go there next summer," promised Mr. Scott. There had been some protests at the station that morning. Wizards with placards had picketed the entrance. "Wizards for Hedgewards," some of them had read, "The right schools for the right children." Tame in comparison to the conjurist protests over the last couple of nights. Caelius looked at the crowd. The daytime façade was present amongst them; those wizards dressing in the traditional manner, having arrived in full robes to the station, inner lining patterns of Auld Magic symbols. Their dress, which could be traced back to ancient families, had encouraged their children to dress the same, even though their garb was not school uniform. A subtle protest and easily explained. Of course, many of them had dressed in such a way because they always did; there were always traditionalists every 1st September. But the spirit conjurism was there, in the air, hammering home the unspoken hierarchy of wizards. Other evidence had not been so subtle and it had taken strong magic to erase the circled Cs, twisted Auld Magic symbols that they were, which had been daubed both on King's Cross itself and on the walls of Platform 8 7/8ths. The attacks had, as usual, been sporadic, isolated, concentrated on towns which neighboured open heath, wood and moorland. Shops had been attacked and homes set on fire; not many, but enough to establish a crude pattern. Whereas attacks before had concentrated on non-wizards, this time wizards known to be sympathetic to non-wizard liberty in the magical world were targeted. A subtle shift in strategy. Not that it appeared to bothered the students much; as usual there was a clamour on the station; few may have interpreted the meaning of the traditionalists and, of course, the non-wizard families, adults and children alike, would be none-the-wiser. Five minutes to go. Cecilia looked up at the large-faced, double sided clock with Roman numerals pointing out the time with its graceful hands. It wouldn't be long until the train left and already the concentration of people had lessened as more and more children found a seat aboard the coaches. "Shall we get on now, too?" Julian had looked at his dad and mum, his sister Opal hugging onto her mother, both aghast and in wonder at where she was. Mr. Scott looked at his wristwatch. "Well, they said noon. I can help you on with your bag, lad. And you too, Septimus." He walked towards the nearest door, stepping easily aboard with both his son's case and Septimus's trunk in either hand. A minute or so later he was back on the platform. "There's an empty compartment just here; I've put your bags in the storage area." He looked at Cecilia, then at Caelius. "Yes, yes," replied Caelius, ushering Septimus towards the carriage door. "Time to go." Septimus turned back, hugging his Uncle Kay as Julian hugged his dad and mum (Opal shied away; Julian shrugged, before giving her an unexpected kiss on the cheek, which she wiped away, annoyed). Then, catching Cecilia's expression, Caelius stepped away from Septimus and she walked close by him to the doorway. Leaning towards him, as if to kiss, Cecilia whispered in his ear. He was going to be away for a few months. They needed the money, and it paid well at Durmstrang, especially now Dad was ill. She had to look after both him and Remus. Septimus turned back to his mother sharply, looking up at her with wide eyes. "You could…you could see if shop will take broom back," Septimus replied earnestly. Cecilia said nothing – she couldn't. It took all of her courage not to break down there and then on the platform. She would have not been the only mother; many were sobbing as they saw their offspring off on the train. Cecilia fixed him with a firm stare. "Your father and I had agreed, we'd always said we'd get you the best broom we could. Besides, I'd only get bored at home." She leaned in to him, whispering close to his ear. "You can write to me anytime. I can still be in touch about Dad; go and see him if anytime. I'll let you know if anything changes." Cecilia could feel her voice was calm, so much so that a part of her was almost convinced. "I can't floo you in Durmstrang, from Hedgewards." "I know," she says loudly. "It won't be long before I see you, my love." She kissed him, holding his face momentarily between her hands. "Stay safe, my darling." Cecilia stood back and Septimus continued the walk towards the carriage door. Then, without warning, she ran back: Caelius thought for a moment that she was going to jump on the train with them. Septimus turned again and smiled at his mother. "It's OK. I'll know where you are this time, mum." Cecilia's worried expression turned into a smile and Septimus hugged her. She held onto him momentarily before kissing him on the forehead. Then, bending to his level she passed him what was left of the non-wizard floo powder. "You can use it to contact me anytime, little Tim," she said hurriedly, pushing it into the inside pocket of his robe as quickly as she could. Then, resisting one last hug, for she knew she might never let him go, Cecilia stepped back as Septimus climbed aboard, appearing at the window of the nearest compartment, and waving. As the train whooshed out a cloud of steam, the wheels groaning as they began to turn under the pressure, Cecilia waved too, continuing to do so until the last carriage was out of sight. When she reluctantly turned from the track Cecilia felt a lurch in her stomach. Telling Septimus hadn't been the cause of her malcontent – no. It was still lingering, deep down, in the depths of her insides. The reality of her leaving was now growing as if cumulo-numbus clouds on the horizon of a clear blue sky, portending a storm. "I don't think it'll take long to collect my belongings," Cecilia began, her first words to Caelius that day, acknowledging her fate so that the shock wouldn't hit her too soon and so she wouldn't break down in tears until she was well out of Caelius's company. "I suppose, this afternoon I'll have things ready?" She could at least check the hearth, see if either of her messages had been replied to. "I'm it won't be any later than this evening. Then perhaps you can take me to say goodbye to Remus and – " Cecilia broke off, the look on Caelius's face was enough to tell her that she was treading the wrong path entirely. "On the contrary I've sent your belongings on already," he replied, his tone one of familiar neutrality. "You won't be going back to the cottage. Take my arm. I'm going to floo you to Durmstrang now."
88888888 The scenery through the double-slatted, 1920s coach windows flitted faster and faster as the Hedgewards Express increased speed. Septimus drew his eyes from the landscape which was leaving behind the softer, delicate features of the chalky South, the Midlands' Permian sedimentaries and now heading towards the Precambrian features of the British Isles. In short, and without Julian's geological commentary, they were heading north. Julian had gone to find the lady in charge of the sweet trolley so that he could try out his wizard money on wizard food and treats, leaving the carriage, in which they, and another boy, Darren Black, were sharing on their journey. The latter young wizard had spoken to neither him or Julian in the four hours that they had been under way and, like Septimus had been doing while he waited for his friend, been staring silently out of the window. The atmosphere was one of excitement and anticipation. Every so often students passed the carriage, down the corridor; giggling girls chattering and boys clearly up to magical mischief being pursued by older students striding purposefully in their wake. An hour ago a sleek black cat, which should have been stowed in the guard's van stalked into their carriage through the open door unnoticed and settled down on one of the seats near Julian, its owner, another non-wizard who (he explained) had brought the family cat following half an hour later and retrieving the sleeping animal ("There she is!" "Sorry about that!" "Come on, puss.") "It's busy down there." Julian's head appeared around the carriage's open door, grinning at Septimus. "The lady's down in the buffet car; I didn't think I'd get anything. The queue was long. Look!" He opened his hand. Inside was a packet of fizzing whizbees. "I wonder what they're like?" "Like swallowing a helium balloon," replied Septimus, who had some experience of wizard sweets. "Perhaps not on the train, you might float out of the window. Anything else?" Julian looked down and rummaged in his pocket, pulling out some string, a couple of rocks and a crumpled piece of paper and put them on the small armrest-table just inside the door. "Yes." He frowned. "Pink coconut ice – that's a normal sweet; a couple of charmed chocolates…" Julian squinted. "Every flavour beans?" "Yes," replied Septimus. Though he rarely got sweets Uncle Kay had spoiled him over the holidays and his repertoire of wizard sweets that he had sampled had increased a great deal. "Every flavour. Including some really disgusting ones." "Really?" "Think of something yuck, and there'll be a bean in that flavour," he added. Julian stared at the box in amazement. "Here. You try first." "Bubblegum," said Septimus, chewing tentatively on the jellybean which Julian had tipped into his hand as his friend watched, in rapt expectation, a laugh ready on his lips. "Your turn." "Coconut," Julian declared, "nice. Perhaps I've been lucky." As he sat down Julian tipped out the rest of the box onto his aluminium foil in which his sandwiches had been expertly wrapped (with hospital corners) by his mother and the friends shared them. "You've been to Hedgewards Sep, what's it like?" To Julian's right the boy, who had purported to be asleep stirred. "Is it exciting?" "I reckon so. It's like you'd expect a magical castle to be like. Towers and dungeons, staircases that move. Pictures where the people in them move…" "What about the stone? Local?" Septimus smiled. "I don't know…could be." I'm sure you'll tell me the second minute we're there. Could be anything; it's magical, remember?" Julian nodded, choosing a green speckled bean. "But the place is cool," Septimus continued, giggling as Julian's face crumpled, screwing up his eyes ("rhubarb and chilli – yuck!") before spitting it into a tissue. "They've got a forest and lots of classrooms, and big library, a nursery for plants and a quidditch pitch." "Like they have on wizard telly?" Septimus nodded, picking a pinky yellow one. He smiled. Cherry and custard. "Damn you, Septimus Remus Lupin. Thanks yours next!" he declared, pointing to a white one with brown speckles. He picked up a green one. "Lime..." then frowned in horror, "and pepper!" He spat this one out too. "Who is this man, Bertie Bott!" Septimus picked up the white one. "Vanilla. Delicious," he added, rubbing it in. Julian kicked him in the ankle. "Well, you did say…" "I don't expect I'll get a chance to play, what with it being a wizard game. I mean, you've got your broom, a great one, by the look of it, but I won't be able to fly one on my own. Don't they have football?" Septimus shook his head, noticing Darren Black turn his head, glance in his direction before turning away again. "Just quidditch," he said, getting to his feet. "Where're we going?" "To the buffet car. Don't you want to play the Bertie Bott game again?" "But they've run out," said Julian, "I bought the last box of jellybeans. "They won't have," Septimus replied, watching as a group of children hurried along the corridor past their carriage. "The woman will just magic some more." "Cool!" Julian turned right, following Septimus out of the compartment, round the corner to the carriage interface to the buffet car, the ground fleetingly visible as they stepped over it, and into a carriage which was filled with children of all ages, sitting and standing, chatting and laughing, waiting for the elderly witch who reigned supreme over the snack bar to reappear with the treats they wanted. Julian and Septimus joined the long queue that snaked around the buffet car, amongst pairs and threes of wizards – and non-wizards Septimus added to himself – enjoying their fare. "That boy in our carriage, do you know him?" "He's mum's friend's son," Septimus replied, nodding in the plump witch's reappearance behind the counter and the surge of now-expectant chatter as she laid out the goodies. "Darren Black. I know him. Well, know of him." "Not very talkative, is he?" Septimus shook his head. They stepped forward as the queue shifted. To one side Septimus saw Sam Potter, on his way with a tall, willowy girl with long white hair down to her legs walking with him. "Hello, Septimus," he said, smiling at him. "How are you? And your friend here…" "Julian," said Julian, looking up. "All right," said Septimus. "Just getting some sweets." "It won't be long now till we get there," Sam replied, "don't spoil your appetite though; the feast we'll have when we get there's worth the wait." As they continued on Julian turned to Septimus. "You know him, then?" "Yes, he's a sixth year." "He's a prefect," Julian replied, "or at least, I think so. His badge actually said "perfect" said Julian. "It does indeed," grinned Sam, who was just behind them as Julian stood stock still. "Crystallia has quite a sense of humour." Just as Septimus was about to say something the attention of many of them at that end of the buffet car was drawn to a young boy who seemed to be frenetically hunting for something. "…have you seen her…?" The boy, looking to be about his and Julian's age, pushed past them, looked past the group of girls sitting and standing around a small table on the opposite side of the carriage, looking bewildered as he moved one of their bags so he could look under it as one of the girls grabbed it back with an horrified "hey!" "My cat…she's black," the boy continued, "mum's cat." He moved towards Septimus and Julian, pushing between them to look behind the snack bar trolley, met within seconds by a loud "hmph!" from the witch and the boy turned back, looking up at both of them before pushing past again. "What's she like?" asked Julian. "Have you seen her?" asked the boy. Julian shook his head. "She's a black cat," he repeated, "quite small. It's all we had that might have been remotely magical. Mum insisted, but I knew I'd lose her." "You're a non wizard too?" "What gave it away, no wand?" Julian nodded. "Me too. Hope you find your cat." "Blackie! Blackie!" he continued to call as the boy continued his search down the rest of the buffet car as both boys shuffled up the now-moving queue. "What's it like, having a wand?" Julian asked. "Not sure," replied Septimus honestly. "I haven't really tried it. Uncle Kay said to save it till I got to Hedgewards, so I can be taught properly." "But you can do magic; I've seen you…" Septimus nodded. "Yeah, a bit, but only when I needed to. Hedgewards teaches you how to do it when you want to. Here." Out of his robe Septimus pulled the hawthorn wood and held it out to his friend. Julian took a step back. "Go on, give it a hold." Septimus continued to hold it out and Julian slowly reached forward, closing his hand around it. When nothing happened his friend's confidence grew. He swished it around in the air and still nothing happened. "You've not got the genes, said Septimus matter-of-factly. Julian's face creased into a frown. "Mum told me. Inside, we're made up of these bits, genes, wizards have certain bits and non-wizards have others. Wizards who need help have some of them, but not all, so they find it difficult." Julian stared at the wand again before holding it high and saying loudly "Abracadabra!" Whole carriage erupted in laughter, Julian bowed, grinning. Septimus grinned too and took back the wand when Julian held it towards him. "She's selling wands, by the look of it," Julian said, craning his neck towards the sweet trolley. "Liquorice," said Septimus as Julian watched amazed as a girl ten people ahead of them bought one and bit off the end. Just then, the chatter and hubbub came it an abrupt halt, as if the "mute" button had been pressed on a remote control, as a boy began to shout at a much younger boy to their right. "How dare you! Give it back to her!" He was standing over the boy, who was trembling, the presumably borrowed wand in his hand shaking as he held it out to the equally scared girl. The older boy wheeled round to her. ""Don't EVER give your wand to anyone, understand me? Especially not a…non wizard." He said the words as if they were poison on his tongue and loomed over the terrified boy menacingly Septimus watched as Sam, within seconds and seemingly out of nowhere, appeared by the boy's side. "Blewitt? Anything the matter?" Fraser Blewitt turned his steely gaze to Sam, eyeing him up and down, glancing momentarily at his prefect's badge before giving him a look of contempt. "This boy here…taking my sister's wand…" "I let him borrow it…he didn't do anything with it, Fraser," stammered the girl, her voice quiet but pleading, her eyes big. She looked beseechingly at her brother before turning her gaze to Sam. Sam looked down at her, into her hazel eyes that shimmered with tears, before smiling warmly. "Nothing happened because he's – " Sam glanced at the boy, "what's your name?" "Guh-guh-Gordon S-s-springs sir," replied the boy, his face pale. Sam looked at the girl. "because Gordon Springs can't do magic, Ariella, so there's no harm done, is there?" He looked back at the older boy and nodded as if that settled the matter. Fraser Blewitt snorted before stalking off in the opposite direction, his sister in tow, protesting all the way. "Blimey, some people take things seriously, eh?" said Julian as sound returned from its temporary absence to the carriage and shuffled up the line. "Some wizards are like that," said Septimus, eyeing up the eye-popping candy, "but not all of them. Lots of them are nice to non-wizards. You'll see." "Hello." A voice behind them, soft and thin reached Septimus's ears. He turned around to find a boy of their age hovering around. His pale skin and shoulder-length wavy dark hair seemed familiar but before Septimus could continue trying to figure it out he added, "you're Septimus Lupin, aren't you?" Septimus nodded as Julian grinned. "And I'm Julian. Julian Scott." The dark-haired, pale-faced boy looked at him, expressionless, before looking back at Septimus. "My mum and dad work at the Ministry with your uncle." "Oh," said Septimus, nodding neutrally, wondering what this strange boy was talking about and he nudged Julian in the ribs behind him as he heard him stifle a giggle. "I'm Rufus Lestrange," continued the boy. "Rufus T. Lestrange," he added, emphasising the initial. "My mum are Bellatix and Rodolphus Lestrange," he added. "Uncle Kay's never mentioned them," Septimus replied, nudging Julian harder, before hissing, "stop it!" "But he doesn't talk much about his work," he added to Rufus. "What music do you like? The Zombie heads? Green Knight? I've got loads of tracks on my Portable." He held up a triangle with a glowing sphere above, wires attached, like a non-wizard mp3 player to earphones. "Not like this," said Julian, holding up his i-pod. "Thousands of tracks on here." "I didn't know you could keep music on a pensieve," said Septimus, intrigued, ignoring Julian, who was on a one-man wind-up mission. Actually, now he glanced around the buffet car there were a lot of people with pensieves, people sending messages to one another even though they were sitting next to the person – pointless; projecting pictures onto the carriage walls and floor and, now he looked, people using and sharing earphones. "Oh yes, you can fit lots of songs on. What about the Mightily Blue Megastar Miles off the Main Sequence? I've got their latest album already. Mum," he added, winking in a way that he himself clearly thought was surreptitious. "Sorry, don't know much about music," said Septimus, wizard or non-wizard, he added, looking back at Julian. His friend wasn't much one for music either, but he was one for japes. "Me either," confirmed Julian, pushing the i-pod back into his pocket. "I've only got three songs on it, and one of those is, "Star Trekkin'" " added Julian, shrugging his shoulders. "Oh. Pity," said Rufus T. Lestrange, and he turned, heading in the direction where he had come from, nodding his head, his curls bouncing to the beat. Septimus turned back to look at his friend, frowning at the discourse that he just been a part of. "Was it just me, or…" "…his earphones weren't even in," finished Septimus, laughing. "Barmy," said Julian, tapping the side of his forehead, stepping before the smiling witch. "And what can I get you, dear?" Having got some juicy jawstickers and two ounces of Black Coals from Newcastle they headed back towards the carriage. "They really are coal!" said Julian, amazed, holding them up as only a geologist could. "Anthracite. And probably really from Newcastle – they're a rich black; not like the browny-black stuff from Wales and the Midlands." "I believe you," said Septimus, pushing the sliding partition door aside. "We can give it to the magical creatures teacher for the dragon." "Really? There's a dragon?" Julian's eyes sparkled in wonder, following Septimus back in. "A miniature one, to teach the basics to us anatomy. It burned three students just before the summer. They were in St. Mungo's when I went." Julian did not press him; he knew what his friend meant and that he didn't like talking about his dad. "The everlasting gobstoppers seem quite tasty." Septimus raised his eyebrow as he sat down. You have to look on the side, is there a date?" Julian popped it out of his mouth and it dropped stickily into his hand. "Yes, 1844." "That's when it was made. Recycling, you see" "Yeurch! Julian spat it into a tissue and threw it into his pocket in disgust. As he was about to sit down too there was a warning hiss from beneath. Julian looked down. A black cat opened one shoebutton eye and glared at him. "But it's my seat!" said Julian protested, making to push off the cat, but it glared at him again before dropping its head into its paws. Julian shook his head, glancing at Darren, who appeared to have gone to sleep, before sitting next to the sleeping wizard. "Do you think that's the cat the other boy was looking for? His family's cat?" Septimus shrugged. "Dunno. Might be. Looks comfortable there." "Doesn't look particularly magical," said Julian, putting his feet up between the cat and Septimus. "Not many magical creatures do, especially not cats. Their magic is, well, what just happened. She made you move for her. It's all in the mind." "Typical," said Julian shuffling to get a comfortable spot. "Our cat's just the same. It's what they say: dogs have owners, cats have staff." "Ha ha!" laughed Septimus, offering Julian a sherbet lemon and wondering if he should offer one to Darren, or at least wake him up. Just then the boy who had been looking for his cat walked past pushing past a some girls carrying food, looking flustered. "Oi" they protested, "watch it!" Julian got to his feet and bounded over to the compartment door. "Hey, is this your cat?" he shouted down the corridor. The boy turned back and headed back. "Blackie!" he pushed past Julian, an expression of relief and joy in his face. "I'm so glad to see you!" Scooping the cat up in the crook of his arm he glanced between Septimus and Julian momentarily. "Thanks," he said, "I don't know what I would have done if I'd lost her." "Right, are you up for a game of "Top Trumps"?" asked Septimus stowing away the rest of the sweets. "I don't think I could eat the feast if I have many more. Julian put his away too, taking care to fold up his couple of "Coals" to add to his rocks collection that his mother had refused to let him bring with him. "What's wizard food like?" "It's mostly normal really, but arrives quickly and can be refilled. Elf magic's at work at Hedgewards, so mum says. She also says that she feels very sorry or the elves and you should treat them with respect for all the work the do. That's if it's the same as in the summer." "What do you mean?" "There's been some changes because of non-wizards coming. But most will be the same, so said Uncle Kay. But, if it's the same, when we get there we go on boats across the Black Lake and arrive in the dungeons." "Cool!" Julian got out his "Premier League" football Top Trumps and began to shuffle them. "That's just the first years. Dad told me." He took the cards that Julian was holding out to him, shaking his head. Nani. A good one but he knew from shuffling through the pack that Julian must have Eric Cantona. "Then we go to the Great Hall for the Sorting Hat. It tells you what house you're going to be in. Uncle Kay said they wanted to change the names, to Black, Avery, Jones and Sisher – they were influential Reciprocators – but the Headmaster wanted to keep the original names. "I wonder what house we'll be in – I hope it'll be the same one. Skill. "Skill 9" "Skill 8. Torres." "Nani. Thanks," said Septimus, taking both the cards and putting them face down on the seat next to him. "I wonder what it'll be like when we get there, we can't do magic," added Julian, a little despondency in his voice. "You can still do lots of things; you can still learn about magic. And there's magical creatures, herbology, astronomy…wizard chess...diopoly…and you can ride on my Lightningshot, just as soon as I learn how to myself…" "…and those pensieves that everyone seems to have," said Julian. "Not that I want one, or could afford it. Mum might be able to check up on me. Besides, I really do only have 3 tracks on my i-pod." "Look," said Septimus, putting down his cards. "It'll be cool. You'll be learning proper lessons, all of the wizard lessons are also non-wizard lessons too. Uncle Kay said they had to offer the same as normal state schools, else they couldn't take non-wizards." Julian nodded and looked back to his cards. Septimus picked up his too. "OK," he said, reading the card categories. "Strategy." "6." "4," replied Septimus, holding out his "Giggs. Who'd you have?" "Ronaldo." "Ronaldo? That seems low for Ronaldo." As the boys played "Trumps" then pored over the "Weasley Wizard Wheezes" catalogue that Julian had picked up from Diagonalley when his mother refused to buy him anything from the shop (she knew her son), giggling over potential practical jokes the landscape galloped past as they headed north. 88888888 Albus Dumbledore moved his queen from her position next to the rook diagonally so it faced the white king. She withdrew the double swords from her back-scabbards and held them stonily. "Things are falling into position," he said, looking across at Gellert Grindelwald. Gridelwald shifted, staring at the board in front of him. The knight to his King's left whinnied – clearly it thought it had a contribution to make. His hand hovered over it momentarily. "Indeed. As are the people we need." He looked at his lover, who appeared to be as intent as he was appearing to be with their chess match. "And of the objects, Albus? What progress?" Dumbledore broke away from his strategic thinking and looked at Grindelwald. "Care is needed. There is a need to be careful. A precarious situation, as you know" "Careful? Or afraid?" Around them, in the otherwise clear blue sky, thunder rolled and hail immediately fell from the sky. "Not afraid. You need to understand the delicacy of the situation, Gellert. You are the master of all you survey; you have the people you need and are apt at puppeteering. The person you need under your very hand." "And that idiot of a minister back in Britain has organised that for us very neatly." Dumbledore shifted, watching his queen fold her swords in front of her, the chess equivalent of tapping her foot. "It is down to your hard work," conceded Grindelwald. "You are too impatient my love. All will work itself out, before the year is out." "The year. Before." Grindelwald hovered his hand over the knight again. The horse's rider tried to reach up to pull on one of his fingers but it was in vain. "I've to visit the Rosstrappe several more times since then. "Your ruthless streak never ceases to amaze me." "You're to subtle, you're not there when your plans come to fruition." Tensions were rising, not least between black and white chessmen, who were eyeballing each other with menace. "Yes, you see them through. Henrietta Edwards is beginning to be missed." "It was predictable. She had to be eliminated." Grindelwald banged his hand next to the board, causing some of the pieces to bounce a little in the air. The black king was about to turn round in anger, but then thought better of it. "Walpurgis Night is so far away. Why could we not do it at Halloween?" "Because the third piece we need will not be ready." "You are seriously saying that all could not be in place by the end of next month?" I am, thought Dumbledore, appearing to calculate Grindelwald's next move. "Trust the wizard; he has not failed us in the last dozen years. He won't now. He will bring the third." "He will bring the third? We haven't the other two!" "Trust, Gellert. That's what I rely on. Trust and blackmail. He has his agent in the ministry. And when the witches burn, the greatest weapon of all time will be ours." "Ar Bealtaine" He picked up the knight, whose rider gave a small "high-five" to Grindelwald's index finger. "The time, the only time. Walpurgis Night…Bealtaine…so weak…so easy…" Dumbledore moved his white Queen one space forward. The king was before her. No escape. A minute later and a beheaded king lay where once the proud leader of the black chessmen stood. Dumbledore looked Grindelwald, the game over. They would have to order a new chess-set; it would be quicker to count the pieces that had not been slaughtered that afternoon. "It is not long, my love. Less than eight months." He got up from his chair and glided over to his pensieve, looking – searching – through the cloud-void. 88888888 She would be missed if she stayed there any longer. Looking between the two beds she thought about how it had been before Cecilia Lupin had returned. She had had the opportunity to come when she liked. It wasn't as if visits to Sirius and Remus weren't legitimate. But she had her own agenda. She was more concerned with Remus than Sirius, of course, as were they all. It was horrifying. They needed to keep a light on Remus; the treatment he was receiving, recommended by Severus Snape depended on it. But it was hardly a cure. She leaned over and stroked his cheek. They were alone. Or at least, the chance of being disturbed by Mrs Lupin had been eliminated. She looked between them and walked over to Sirius, who was still lifeless. He, of course, could not be treated until he showed signs of consciousness. She stroked away a tear, followed by a dozen more that replaced it. What could she do? What? How was her being there going to do any good? Pray. Pray to any deity who might be listening, of any religion, of any historical period. It was at these times she wondered what use history really was. Medicine might have been more useful. Was this the world her sons would be growing up in? She looked back at Remus and crumpled, kneeling beside his bed and wept. The woman's wake was not even cold and she'd dared to risk coming to see him? The audacity… but were she to walk a mile in her shoes…who would have done different under the circumstances? As a pit of emptiness grew in her stomach she went, before she was missed. 88888888 A graveyard. Another resting place. Ironically it looked lovely on this sunny Saturday afternoon. Birds sang. Flowers spread their petals, to entice the last of the summer insects to the remainder of their pollen. The potential of life in a place for death. Another gravestone. Of course the mind of Tom Riddle was beyond the veil. His bones were beneath. 31st December 1926 – 2nd May 2009. He had lived long. He had lived a noneventful life. Another him, in another place, might be doing things a little differently. Tom Riddle. He looked at the date again and could have sworn the digits flickered. It must have been the sunshine, so bright that it was in the dying days of August.
With the long-temporary vigil of a Reciprocator ever-present at Grimmauld Place came the unspoken responsibility of tea and food duties. Bathsheba Braddle found herself, on the 1st September the incumbent and, as she prepared sandwiches that she knew would be eaten within seconds of being seen by those out on duty in the light, airy space that was the house's living room a sense of expectation. Many of her colleagues had volunteered for watch at various points along the route that the Hedgewards Express would take and now, early evening, with a beautiful sunset dipping down between the roofs of the Georgian houses opposite. It wasn't long before the first handful was back. Arabella Figg shook her flamboyantly-decorated hat and complained at the raincloud that Benjamin Wergs had taken them through as they watched from on high as the train wound and snaked through the country. Molly and Arthur Weasley were back next; the logistics of allowing the train its traditional non-stop route from London to Scotland his responsibility with negotiations each year with the train companies whose services would be temporarily affected. He'd returned via the Ministry, much to Molly's annoyance and Bathsheba knew that she had usurped Mrs Weasley's usual role of gastronomic matriarch at the Reciprocator headquarters. The sandwiches would be rearranged, she knew; more made and tea procured in greater quantities. Bathsheba predicted it would happen, with Molly's inimitable manner, and accepted it. "Yo, 'Sheba!" As she brought out the refreshments Kingsley Shacklebolt strode coolly from his apparition spot, fixing her with a wide grin. "All good?" "Good," Bathsheba nodded. "And with you, Kingsley?" "All good," he confirmed, taking his place next to Arthur. "A fine view of a fine engine." He turned to his railway compatriot. "Your advice on the paint was smooth." "Controversial, you mean," said Arthur grimly. "I mean, we all know that the Hall class were Brunswick green; LMS used Standard Red – a totally different engine altogether, the Coronation class, as well you know." Kingsley nodded slowly in a way that only enthusiasts can when they agree with a fellow nerd. "But we all know what people think of tradition. We've had howlers…we've had floo flames…we've had pensieve mail clogging up the ministry network; the pensieve network has only ever been experimental and it received just over ten thousand p-mails before it crashed." He smiled at his wife as she presented Arthur with a cup of tea. "Thank you, my darling," he said. "Heaven knows what might have happened. 'The Hedgewards Express has always been red!" they say; "Give us back our Hedgewards Express!" Barbarians." "I completely agree with you," said Kingsley, sipping at his tea which Bathsheba had brought out on a tray after Molly, whose encyclopaedic knowledge of the refreshment habits of every single Reciprocator member was legendary, made the drinks, "imagine what would have happened if Caelius had had the backing of the ministry, and the school staff to change the house names. There might have been a war on our hands." The conversation around them stopped and the embarrassing situation of the last people to notice being the ones talking about slightly contentious topics was highlighted as Caelius Lupin sat don in the armchair opposite the sofa on which Kingsley, Arthur and Benjamin Wergs were occupying. "Are we all back yet? I, at least, have met one of my New Years's resolutions now, not being the last to a meeting." He chuckled, as did one or two of the others. Around them a dozen reciprocators stood and he counted them off in his head. "We're waiting for James," said Lily, who appeared from the kitchen. "If Mick's there he might be a while." "Yes, they do like a chat, rather," said Bertie Griffin, grinning. "And a drink in the Hogshead," nodded Lily darkly. "We can wait. Preliminary reports from all I've spoken to report that the train arrived without incident and all students have safely been delivered to the school. Further – " A crack, accompanied by a familiar light made everyone turn to the apparating member. James Potter, grinning widely, stepped from his entrance spot and nodded around him. "You've started? Don't mind me," he added, waving his hand and walking over to the settee where Lily was sitting. "Hello, love," he whispered, putting his hand over Lily's before kissing her on the cheek. "Please, do continue, Caelius." Lily scowled at her husband and hissed, "where've you been?" "As I was saying, James, all students have arrived at Hedgwards soundly. We were just about to report back. Perhaps you'd like to begin?" As James Potter recounted his uneventful yet humorous role as overseer of the first years in their boats Caelius felt a little relieved at the light contrast to that of the Ministry meeting he had just overseen ten minutes before. Brief yet weighed down with triviality Caelius's Machiavellian patience had been worn extremely thin by the issues that had been brought forth, specifically over the names of the Hedgewards subjects and, as the meeting progressed, the avalanche of complaints at the change in livery of the Hedgewards Express steam loco. The former had begun evenly enough: should the subjects be bracketed with their non-wizard name, but this led to the argument from some that this highlighted the inequality between the two student bodies. Surely, it was said, if the students were to be on a footing of equality, putting the non-wizard subjects in brackets immediately castigated non-wizards as second class. What, if not for the sake of equality, was the point of sending non-wizards to Hedgewards then, if they were immediately to face discrimination? Another suggestion was to put a slash between the old names and new. This sounded good, but, Caelius pointed out, some subjects had been combined in new syllabus. And besides, said Dave Mullen, which name would take priority? The Ministry debated the point for over half an hour, settling on Mick Mullen's suggestion that both names would be in continual rotation on the doors of the rooms, changing their position depending on the topic being taught at any one time. The fact that many of the teachers weren't really sure what they were actually teaching, and many who would probably ignore the non-wizard aspect of the curriculum was a moot point that Caelius has yet to solve. Letters, which Lucius Malfoy shared with the cabinet came from many old wizarding families, suspected Conjurists, attacking the legality of mixed schools. Several urged the Ministry to look to Durmsrang as a paradigm for elite education stating that they could not in all conscience allow their children to mix with non-wizards for their education. Caelius collected them together, glancing over them as Lucius outlined the further messages they had received and, it turned out, for every protest letter there was one in support, a surprising number in firm support. "The students have arrived safely at school, Caelius. You've proved your point. Isn't it time now to stop this ludicrous experiment in integration, or at least postpone it until this dies down? We could collect the non-wizard children and return them to their families." Nods from, predictably, Dulcie Dainty and Evelyn Forteskew silently supported the Minister of Defence's suggestion. "If we do that, they will push for more," said Caelius slowly. "This is about understanding. However, should any changes to the political or indeed home security, there is flexibility to review the arrangement at Hedgewards." "Attacks are growing on the continent," interjected Lucius. "When I last visited Draco – his position is delicate as far as being the President of the Magical European Union – he did confer to me that there has been an increase in the prominence and frequency of use of the conjurist symbol. We know it's a different situation there, but – " " – but still, should the landscape shift, so to speak, we may review our policy." "On a different note," said Mick Mullen, "have you seen this evening's paper?" He unfolded the latest non-wizard London newspaper, the "Evening Standard". Many squinted at the inanimate picture on the front, but the headline was clear for all to see. "A protest to the conjurist challenge, from non-wizards themselves." "You see? After all this time, untrustworthy!" declared Hervert Herbert, shaking his head. "On the contrary, it calls for peaceful protest. It calls for positive relations. It even calls for forgiveness for all past witch-hunts and burnings – " " – they never caught any of us – " " – but they don't know that," replied Mick, evenly. "And anyway, it was nothing to those years of slavery and exploitation we put them through." He looked back to the paper. "It even praises Caelius's education policy, saying that openness in the wizard community was a good thing. I urge all of us to get a copy when we leave tonight, and read it." In the end only ten minutes were given over to the Ministers' roles in the overseeing of the safe departure and arrival of the Hedgewards Express. A high concentration of members of the cabinet and aurors outside King's Cross, on the platform and three, with three reciprocators, circulating on the train appeared to have neutralised any serious protests that might have occurred. Similarly Jane Jones at the Hedgewards end with Dulcie Dainty and Hervert Herbert had made their presence discreetly known. James Potter had, with Peaceable Furnace, volunteered for the Black Lake ride with Lucius Malfoy and Bertie Griffin overseeing the thestral procession from the station to the castle. "Mick counted in the students through the Dungeon entrance, as did Dave at the entrance to the Main Hall. All accounted for, all safe," concluded Caelius as the last of the reciprocators shared their reports with the rest. The quill, which took the minutes, shook itself as if to dislodge ink, before underlining the first section on the agenda. "Does anyone else have anything to add?" They shook their heads, all except James, who declared, "I'm starving. Are we all staying for dinner?" Lily gave him a Look; James gave her one back, which said wordlessly, "I was only joking!" "Right," said Caelius, "moving on. Before we come onto the duty rota for the weekend, to include Hedgewards and the surrounding area; Hogsmeade and the railway station – " " – we volunteer for that," said Arthur quickly, nudging Kingsley, who nodded. " – I wish to come to the Any Other Business section. Does anyone have anything to discuss here?" No-one answered. A few, who worked at the Ministry, suspected what Caelius was about to say but none shared it. "I wish to confirm that, of her own volition, Cecilia Lupin has agreed to continue her duty at the Durmstrang Institute for the foreseeable future." An intake of breath, a muttering, growing, met Caelius's news, although to those who had suspected looks of anticipation changing to ones of certainty. "Over her son? And Remus?" Lily's voice, one of alarm and indignation rose over the rest. "Sam spent most of the summer consoling Septimus; he was so glad that his mother had returned. Has she no feelings?" Nymphadora Tonks gave Mrs Potter a sideways look, but said nothing. "I couldn't possibly comment," replied Caelius. "Suffice to say her work has been, and will continue to be, of vital importance to us." The meeting soon ended and a usual social atmosphere overtook one of formality; the rota would begin in a few hours and those included often felt it unnecessary to return home when they would return to Grimmauld Place within an hour. Caelius smiled weakly as he watched the wizard-non-wizard diplomats before swiftly departing to the third of his many engagements that evening. Committed to their cause, their voluntary cause, one which was steeped in precedent and moral duty, he looked at the collection of wizards, some of whom tonight, and most of them by the weekend, would be involved in some sort of policing of the laws of the land in order to smooth over relations between the two cultures. He was sometimes awed at their commitment, for who would step into their shoes should he have to advertise? Not his words, those of Aberforth Dumbledore; he always had a way with words. Would they do it knowing what they would face? Probably. He needn't tell them; it was predictable. Conjurists, those suspected of taking their orders from the two most powerful European wizards, would wait a little while before launching an attack. Tonight, and over the next few days trouble would come from those neo-conjurists jumping on the superficial bandwagon, trouble-causers drunk on butterbeer and indignation. He would be there with them. And the test for truly comprehensive education in Britain would begin, and there was no going back. Caelius would think back to that evening at his time at the ministry and with the reciprocators, many times in the months to come. Nothing could have changed the outcome in both arenas. This was the turning point. Whatever was to come it started here, with the students, both wizard and non-, attending Hedgewards together. Whatever was to come, Caelius knew, it was the start, the germ, the seed of something. Nevertheless, Caelius was almost entirely wrong. 88888888 Severus Snape stood in his office at the highest point in the castle. Through the window the lanterns from the boats ferrying little first year students bobbed on the Black Lake. The wind was up; even for the first day of September the weather here was on the turn and the choppy waters caused the lights to dip and bow. Was it really nearly forty years since he crossed the river, in a boat that he was convinced would sink and land in a wharf in the dungeon of the castle? He remembered, as clear as day, the prefect on duty, explaining to them as they mounted the stairs that it was tradition for all first years to begin their journey at the bottom of Hedgewards. "For you may end your days as Headmaster or Headmistress, at the top of the school; you'll have risen through the whole building." How true that was for him; and how unlikely. How unlikely was it for a boy, unpopular and keenly specialist in potions, with a brilliance which caused him to be liked even less, to have become the Head of the school? How strange for him to be standing there, presiding over the controversial admission of non-wizards? To be joint head of the Reciprocator movement, to be the person who would, in less than an hours' time, to address these non-magical children. To be the overseer of such change. It was hardly on the cards. He turned, and crossed over to his desk. The pile of paper, mainly of Ministry origin, which had occupied his desk in a process of dynamic equilibrium where, once one letter or edict had been addressed another was added. Had he addressed them all, though, in enough detail to allow these children to be well educated in his care? Would they get the experience that they, their parents and the Ministry craved? Yes, they couldn't do magic. But they could learn. How better to cement wizard-non-wizard relations by pushing the reciprocator angle from the non-wizard perspective. All passwords now obeyed non-wizards; books written especially for those with no magical ability had been published and recommended to the students by means of their welcome owl. The teachers had been trained and their subjects had been developed, widened and enriched. Even the sleeping arrangements, potentially out of reach for non-wizards in that they needed to access the common rooms via magical negotiations with animals, spells and paintings, had been solved with key words, latches and stern words. These and the fifty-seven other amendments recommended to him by Lily Potter via the reciprocators, were carried out in accordance with the prescribed, ultimately Ministerial, advice. They were as prepared as they could be without the students themselves being there. The fire crackled. He wondered of Caelius would actually attend the meeting he had called. He hadn't, after all, attended any meetings with the wizard with his professional contemporary. He looked at the carriage-clock on his desk. Forty minutes before he carried out the role of leader of the school for the third time. Thirty minutes before Minerva McGonagall (even though she had been married to the Minister for Education for over fifty years she had always used her witch name) rapped on the door to collect the Sorting Hat. It was probably because Caelius would have to explain to him his reasons for again disposing of Cecilia Lupin. The fire crackled again, which drew his attention to it. Then a message crackled through. It was an apparition request. Caelius Lupin wished Severus Snape to admit him immediately to his office. "Appareo." The headmaster closed his eyes and, holding his wand before him, point up, rotated it in a circle. "My thanks, Snape," said Caelius as he stood before Severus. "I did not get back to you immediately as I was required to co-ordinate the aurors and reciprocators on the students' journey. They are arriving presently." "I believe things may have been a lot easier on everyone's part, Snape, had you been more actively involved in today's proceedings. Nothing would have gone wrong had you been, for example, met the train at Hogsmeade." "You work hard, Caelius, too hard," replied Snape. "I do worry on occasions, for your health. What do you have to share with me? In the capacity of our joint role? That is why you've accepted my invitation, is it not?" Circulating round the desk, their mutual dislike was released between them. Caelius bristled, though it was near to the full moon. That he was in the presence of a man who had developed the medicine that assisted him. Snape looked back to him, fussing Breen, Tabitha Penwright owl; he'd promise to look after him despite not caring much for magical creatures. "Indeed." Caelius made his own path around the room. "A pressing matter, one which has preyed on my mind a little. Just over a month ago my office was the target of a break in." He circled past Severus's pensieve and he waved his hand close to it, turning it on and off. "Nothing was taken." Severus looked up sharply, but said nothing. Caelius stepped back, putting out of his mind the book Cecilia had got for him, the meeting with the elf, with the standards check he had yet to tell Snape that the school would be subject to in the very near future. "On your part, Snape? What have you to share with me?" Their conversation, though staid, always took such a path. Clearly there was an advantage of the Head of the Reciprocators being the Headmaster of Hedgewards. Clearly Aberforth had his own reasons for declaring them both in his stead. "No." Snape walked towards the window again. Fewer lights now. Below them the boats were mooring and eleven-year-olds and older non-wizards who had taken the aquatic journey would be walking on the dungeon's wharf and making their way up to the Great Hall. Septimus Lupin would be with them. Thirty minutes. Twenty for the Sorting Hat to be summoned for a good talking to from Minerva. "Although not within your sphere of responsibility I do believe you should know that Hedgewards has been threatened by a small, but vocal, conjurist coven." Snape turned back. "And similarly with the potion for Remus. You are his family, apart from Cecilia and Septimus, of course," added Snape, his eyes resting firmly on Caelius. "What about a potion? Do you have a cure?" A look which Severus had rarely seen on Caelius's face passed over it now. Concern. He had seen it recently though, when, in his capacity of Septimus's Uncle Kay he had wondered in alarm at where the boy could be. "I'm working on a solution," Severus replied. "It's never been tried before or, if it has, it not been successful to my knowledge. I have to admit it is one of the most complicated problems I've ever faced." "You can't do it." Again, a statement. Though the impassive Severus Snape rarely showed his emotions when it came to work of a professional nature statements of intent rather than a question it the Headmaster showed his ire. He closed his eyes longer than a blink and counted, before looking at Caelius. And Caelius Lupin knew the irritation his manner caused him. "That is not what I meant," he said, in a deliberately steady manner. "What I was not careful enough to convey was that because of the scarcity of some of the ingredients it was complicated. Some plants I need grow in remote parts of the world under rare climatic conditions…blue moon weed; this is available according to its name. Other ingredients are vital in other medicines and there is a hierarchy in medicinal manufacture. That said, no reason I can't obtain small quantities for research purposes. What I need is time." "Time? Haven't you had enough time? Remus has been bitten over a month!" "I have recommended a manner in which his present condition can be preserved, rather than deteriorate. But again I must remind you Caelius, science, and magical research can only find out what it can find at any point." He turned from Caelius's accusing glare. "They are independent of want; we are the mere guides, the mere handlers of both science and magic, rather than their master. Which is why Cecilia Lupin was so valuable. Her insight was without measure." When Caelius said nothing "Her research is valuable? All research in my opinion is dangerous." And yet so much of what we live with, what we live for comes from so-called dangerous research. Even the thoughts and musings of a non-wizard alluded to that in her amateurish books. Science was magic. If you looked at it like that it was the non-wizards who were rare. "Yet you sanction it. Haven't we always lived on the curing edge research? Hasn't it always, however controversial?" Snape continued, his walk taking him past the pictures of his predecessors. Aberforth winked at him and gave Severus Snape the thumbs up. "What abut Joseph Black, trying to communicate and open channels between wizards and non-wizards? If we dismiss it, are we missing something important? The approach is of no concern to me, it is outcome. For lycanthropy, as in your case, we need to consider both science and magic, DNA and Auld Magic. When practitioners of Auld Magic bind an image with hair a bit of that witch or wizard is controlled. Obviously they do not know the science or why magic worked. But it did. Science is just magic with a reason and a geek. "And that is all there was between you and my sister-in-law?" "Her work is accurate," replied Snape, ignoring the barb which alluded to rumour. She has unique insight; many of the recent developments have been hastened by her input. It is just a pity you did not allow me to break the news to Cecilia myself before taking her to Durmstrang. She may have been more willing to accept it." "I am the designated Ministry representative where she is concerned, Snape. Cecilia is my professional responsibility. And, after months of ignoring her letters you were present at Durmstrang yourself on 30th June. The same day that Remus visited." Another statement. Snape forced himself not to react. "I was concerned about her wellbeing. Remus was leaving. And had I not it may have been many months before I could give you this." Those notes, those vain scribblings about lycanthropy and silver nitrate. How foolish to pursue an intellectual cause that was entirely irrelevant in this world. But the process had been valuable. "Had I been at the station this afternoon you might have had it tomorrow, or later, for my students, as you must appreciate, take my priority." From his cloak he took out a vial, holding it out away from his body. "I have done my best." He proffered it to Caelius, who did not move. "Try it. Make sure Remus's tongue is well coated. Sirius too. It's what I can do in the time frame available They need something to stabilise them long term before their minds recover from the shock. "At least you may give my brother's plight full consideration now that you are not contemplating any of Cecilia's other ill-conceived research." Caelius's hand closed around the vial and he took it, pocketing it immediately. "Indeed not." He reached into his robe and pulled out another vial. This one was instantly recognisable and Severus handed it to Caelius. "I have improved this also. It should necessitate you imbibing far less, causing you fewer side effects and it should taste better too." "I could have done with this in February." "I was assisting Tabitha, as you recommended. Before she went behind the veil." "You don't seem overly concerned about Tabitha's wellbeing." "She is Tabitha. She does what she needs to do to be her." Snape smiled, thinking of his, for want of a better word, girlfriend. "To see boundaries as things that society dictates, that, you must agree, is evidence enough of unique insight." Snaoe glanced at the door. Fifteen minutes and in five minutes the Sorting Hat would be required. He walked to the shelf on which it sat, its cone moving in and out as though it were breathing. "Perhaps you would like to stay for the Sorting? Septimus might be pleased to see you." Caelius watched as Severus scooped the sleeping hat into his arms from the high shelf. It snorted in its sleep but continued to breathe silently and heavily. "A part of me, I have to admit Caelius, was surprised to see your nephew. I had half-expected a floo from you explaining that his mother had begged him to stay." Caelius fixed him with a stare. "Perhaps if he had asked her to work at Hedgewards? I may have had an insight into non-wizard teaching again, considering we have non-wizards on our roll now. Still, Edgeford isn't a million miles away, and there's always Halloween if Septimus so chooses to spend the holiday at home. She will be able to support Remus too." "She is at Durmstrang, Snape." As well you know, thought Caelius. Severus looked at him. He knew that he knew too. "Her role as a spy for us is too valuable." "Then you should stay for the feast. Septimus should know that his mother has gone." A pause, just momentarily too long and Severus pictured in her mind the woman sitting there, crying." "You made her choose. Perhaps one day you will reflect on your cruelty," he replied to Caelius's unspoken reply. "She's only a non-wizard; she wanted a normal life." "It was her decision to return. How best to know what Dumbledore and Grindelwald are planning if not to be at the one place where they have the most influence? Besides it may be of interest to you the imminent European legislation regarding research." "About which you disagree due to its dangers." "Indeed. As you know the professors of Durmstrang are required to pursue academic research. It is their research, the cutting edge of extreme magical doctrine that holds the most insight. What are they doing? Who is funding them?" "I am sure Cecilia will discover this, if she hasn't already," Severus added. "And you were careful enough to ensure that she was sufficiently ashamed of what she was researching herself so as to blend in well." He moved towards the door with the still-sleeping Hat. "You must know that, despite the changes required for the non-wizards the underlying framework of the education here is Auld Magic; despite integration it cannot be suppressed in a magical educational establishment." Seven minutes. Two minutes and the sleeping Hat would be handed to his deputy. "We are an inclusive establishment now, headmaster." "And, when the edict arrives from the European President our professors will begin individual research that incorporates the elimination of Auld Magic from their subjects whilst retaining the essence of their vocation." He took a few more steps towards the door before turning. "I thank you Caelius for responding to my message. And now, if you are not stopping – " the Minister shook his head, " – I must prepare. Teachers to welcome, students to sort." With his unoccupied hand Severus gestured towards the fireplace. Caelius moved towards the fireplace and stood in its vicinity. The headmaster withdrew his wand with a flourish. "Thank you, Snape, for the potions." "Don't mention it." Really. Don't mention it. He circled his wand. "Disapparato." The green glow that surrounded Caelius Lupin diminished, taking him with it. He looked up at the portraits. "You were very restrained Severus, even if I do say so myself." "Thank you, Aberforth." One minute until his door was ceremonially knocked, loudly, and the words spoken requesting the Sorting Hat. He moved over to the place from where Caelius had disappeared. Cecilia. Poor woman. Stupid, naïve…. He dropped to his knees before the fireplace. …useful. He waved his wand again and replayed the messages he had received from her. She had begged to help Remus promising him anything she had to give him; she had begged him to take care of her son. And, without realising it, by using non-wizard floo powder (easily erased from the fireplace of origin and therefore illegal) she had undermined her captor. How much Norwegian did Severus know, she'd asked and went on to inform him of the location of the second, identical, copy of the book that she had given to Caelius. A knock drew Severus to his feet. With a hard glance at the upper desk drawer of his desk the Headmaster of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft, Wizardry and Non-wizard Studies made his way to the door. . 8888888
88888888 The dungeon wharf was dark, lit only with burning torches. As the little boats that carried the students moored they stepped out carefully and were ushered up the steps by both prefects, a woman from the Ministry, her with purple hat brim trim illuminating in the torch behind her. "Come on, quickly students, please." Septimus stepped out onto the narrow stone stairs, uneven under his feet and, with Julian in front, climbed the steps, holding onto the iron railing to stop him falling into the water below, before collecting with the rest of the students before Sam Potter. He and Crystallia were organising them into groups, collecting them together, supervising. "It's very dark," said Julian in a hushed voice. "I wonder how long we're going to be here?" Septimus didn't answer. This was a place in Hedgewards that he hadn't visited when he'd explored the castle and he wondered where they would be going next. Below them, in one of the very first moored boats Sam' father James stood, ushering the students upwards, encouraging the boats to moor close to the wharf (the boats sailed themselves and were temperamental, and Severus watched as he gave another magical minister a high five. "I'm glad we didn't eat too many sweets," Julian added, lining up in Sam's line as he was organising them. "I'm starving." "Me to," nodded Septimus, still looking down. He watched the older wizard follow the last of the students, a Jason Crudglington, who had spoken loudly to those who were listening about his reasons, at age sixteen and as a non-wizard, for attending a magical school. It turned out this tall, blnde-haired boy, had a father who was an engineer. He'd spoken about bridges, sailing ships and ttrains making nations great and that Mr. Crudglington had worked on setting up Hedgewards express. Jason, the cousin of Gordie Springs, the timid boy who had borne the wrath of Fraser Blewitt over Ariella Blewitt's wand and who was loitering fearfully behind Jason, wanted to learn about wizard ways in order to incorporate it into his future business of supplying wizards with non-wizard appliances, artefacts and goods. The older wizard stood at the very back of the group, his hat with ministerial stripe in his hand, his arms folded and giving the impression that he was listening to what Sam was saying about where they would go and what they would do once they left the dungeon, tapping his foot on the cold stone floor. He caught Septimus's eye and winked, giving him a thumbs up. It hadn't taken long for them to depart the train, at the rural platform that was Hogsmeade station and the first years and older non-wizard students had been ushered to the lakeside and boarded boats in the twilight. Each boat seated eight, a light suspended above hoisted on a mast on a rope. The oars dipping into the water, pushing off into the fading light on their own. Soon the lake was filled with little bobbing lights and the train of boats headed towards the castle, slowly but surely. In the boat behind, as now, adjacent, was Rufus Lestrange. He still seemed to be in world of his own, nearly tripping up the stairs and plunging into the water as he clombed clumsily up them. Had James Potter not helped him he would have been in. Rufus smiled at Septimus, nodding his head to the still non-existent beat. Ahead of them, standing right in front of Sam, was Darren Black, looking up, taking all the prefect was saying. "I wonder what mum and dad are doing now; they'll never believe what's happened so far!" Julian turned to Septimus, his eyes sparkling in the darkness as the rest of the students gathered closer together into two groups. He patted Septimus on the shoulder. "Oh! Sorry, Sep," he added. "Sorry for what?" "Sorry that your dad's as good as dead and death and your mum's a nutter." The sotto voce interjection wove its way around them and Septimus's head shot up. No-one seemed to be the obvious perpetrator. "Sorry that, well, your parents aren't here," he added lamely. "Come on now, said Sam Potter, "in lines please." The students shuffled into lines in front of their nearest prefect. "So, now we're getting Sorted," said Julian as they walked out of the dungeon, their line, headed by Crystallia Andersson, made their way first up three flights of wide stairs. "I reckon," said Septimus, looking up at the now contrastingly brightly lit antechamber, the large entrance which preceded the entrance of the Great Hall. He remembered being here a fortnight ago, the castle undressed as changes were being made, drapes of cloths to catch masonry; upside down hunkypunks complaining of their condition and protesting about their plight as Peeves and Just About Headless Nick tormented them. "It wasn't dark when I came. It's…tidier." Their group stopped, gathered round the entrance as Sam Potter's line joined them. "I forgot you've been before." "Uncle Kay brought me. He had business with Professor Snape." "Stop pushing, children," said Sam, turning to his group. "Now, make your line again." "And my group," echoed Crystallia. Julian and Septimus shuffled back in line as the outer doors of the Great Hall opened. The younger wizards stared as a witch, tall and thin, glided over the flagstones and stood before it. "You are welcome!" Her voice rang clear and true and she stood aside as the rest of the students filed in. Septimus craned his neck to see outside as the very oldest students trooped through, in four lines, the students' clothes embellished with the house colours and sigils. Sam had explained the tradition: in the Great Hall the teachers would already be seated, all except the Headmaster. The witch who had opened the door and invited in the rest of the students: seventh first, then sixth and so on, entering numerically until it got to the Unsorted first years, was the school's deputy head, Minerva McGonagall. The first years, with the prefects, watched as the other students entered and whispering began: which houses would they be in? Which brothers and sisters had they seen? What would the food be like? "We're going next, Sep," said Julian. "What house do you think you'll be in? What house do you think I'll be in?" Septimus looked at his friend. Genuine concern crossed his usual jovial features. "Dad was in Gryffindor," said Septimus, "but it doesn't mean I will be. Which one would you like to be in?" "The one with the best masonry. I read that Hufflepuff's common room was built of limestone – just think of the fossils there might be. But then of course the obsidian of Slytherin, well – I may well just have to visit it even if I'm not there. It's said to have come from just one volcano in Iceland, and there's no other examples anywhere in the world..." Their lines started to move and Septimus followed Julian into the hall, several other wizards behind him. He tried not to look too hard at the wizards around him but stared forward, looking at the teachers. No sign of Professor Snape yet he thought as the silent room, with its candle sky and floating house ghosts above watched the newest students walk in. "Now, before we commence our feast," said Professor McGonagall, her voice piercing over the applause of their promenade to the front of the hall, "the tradition of our Sorting will begin." More applause, accompanied by cheers, waves, hoots and whistles. She quelled the majority of this by holding her hands horizontally and pressing down in mid air several times. Septimus looked at Julian, who was equally astonished. "They're still cheering," said Julian, amazed. "I know. That's magic for you." Once the students realised they had had the wizard equivalent of the volume button pressed they settled once more and Septimus noticed that, on the chair that he thought a robe had been draped, it was in fact a hat, its point drooping low and its brim crinkled. "Is it snoring?" asked Julian. Septimus stared harder. "Looks like it could be." The room had returned to silence again as Professor McGonagall tapped her wand on the back of the chair. Around them whispers of excitement arose again. "I wonder which one I'll be in," said Julian again. "I wonder…" "Uncle Kay was in Ravenclaw," said Septimus as he looked between the Gryffindor and Ravenclaw tables. "It doesn't necessarily run in families, though." "Is it too much to hope that I'll be with my friend," Julian said aloud and for the first time Septimus wondered whether, had he himself not attended Hedgewards whether Julian Scott would be standing there, as one of the first non-wizard students. Before Septimus could think of anything to say to him, comforting or otherwise, Professor McGonagall was staring at the list and reading from it. "Scarletta Addams," she intoned. A nervous-looking girl right in front of her stepped forward, her long black hair reaching to her waist even though it was in a ponytail. "Step forward," said Professor McGonagall, sidestepping to the chair and, with one swift movement, shook the hat "Do you mind?" it said crossly, "I was trying to have a kip!" Its eyes looked to the left and it frowned. "You're not going to read me any more of your family poetry, are you, McGonagall? It's bloody awful!" The whole hall roared at the hat's impudence in answering back. Professor McGonagall's face was stony as she shook the hat again. "It's the Feast," she replied sternly. "And I call upon you to do your duty." "Oh, all right then," said the hat. "Put me on, then," it added. To the now-silent hall Scarletta Addams sat down underneath it. A few moments later, nothing happened. Minerva McGonagall continued to hold the hat above the girl's head for a few more minutes before leaning down to Miss Addams and whispering, "why don't you go back to your group, dear? Sometimes it takes a while to make it's mind up." When Scarletta gave a deep inward sigh Professor McGonagall put her hand on her shoulder and squeezed comfortingly. "Never mind, my dear. It's nothing to worry about." As Scarletta returned, as red-faced as her name, to their group Septimus watched as McGonagall picked up her head, and read, "Ariella Blewitt." The girl whose brother had reprimanded the other boy for borrowing her wand, small and mouse-like, stepped forward, sitting down, as Scarletta had done under the hat. "What is wrong with you?" scolded Professor McGonagall when, like Scarletta, Ariella had to return Unsorted, this time to Sam's group. "Why won't you Sort the students?" The Hat said nothing, just hung from the witch's left hand limply, its features characterless, no cheeky remark or reply. Three more students tried, and failed, to be Sorted into their houses before Professor McGonagall put the hat back onto the chair. With a swish of her bottle-green cloak she crossed to the teacher's table, raised up at the back of the hall. As yet, Professor Snape was not there and she leaned across to Professor Flitwick who got up and proceeded stage right and out of the door. Around them, though unspoken, the atmosphere had changed and he saw Julian's face. The unspoken words from the watching students behind was, "non-wizard." Septimus turned back to the teachers and watched as Professor McGonagall had a brief conversation with the wizard who they'd seen escorting the students from the dungeons from the boats, who had his feet on the table three places along, who had winked and given Septimus the thumbs up. He thought he heard the words, "…refuses…", "…try non-wizard names?", "Black…? Avery…? Jones…? Sisher…?" and, "…thought this would happen…" but before their conversation could continue Professor Snape took his place before the students. He was as Septimus remembered him, tall, hook-nosed, long dark hair. The headmaster scanned the faces of the students before him momentarily before turning to both Professor McGongall and the Ministry wizard, speaking a few words in a low tone before turning back to the students. "It is my unfortunate duty to tell you," began Professor Snape, "that our Sorting Hat is, well, quite out of sorts." He took a step towards the new students and scanned them with his eye briefly. "Our school's tradition goes back as far as the day our humble forebears saw fit to establish a wizarding school. On that day they gave their names to our four houses: Ravenclaw, Gryffindor, Slytherin and Hufflepuff. They did not have a Sorting Hat with which to discern the most appropriate students for their houses and so, by way of tradition, older than that of our hat, we will House our students in their manner. Heads of House: forward." From the teachers' tables Filius Flitwick, Pomona Sprout and Terbett Herbert rose, circled the table and stood equidistant one another along with Minerva McGonagall. Septimus looked at all four of the teachers. How was the sorting going to take place? "Each of the teachers before you, as you will know, are the respective heads of house for Ravenclaw, Hufflepuff, Slytherin and Gryffindor. The Sorting will now take place." Professor Snape stepped forward and looked again at the students. In a lower voice he called them closer, the prefects standing where they were as they huddled closer and he spoke in a voice that only they could hear. "Students," he said, his voice returning to its normal amplitude. "Be Sorted." Septimus smiled to himself. Of course. That was the obvious way to be Sorted. The Hat, as Sam had explained, just re-interpreted your thoughts and spoke what you really wanted anyway. How different was that to making your own mind up? He looked between the four professors, who were looking dead ahead at the doors to the Great Hall, their eyes fixed. Around them the students milled. Of course. And he would take a moment, just a moment, to think about which house he wanted to join. A few moments later and he stood behind Professor McGonagall. The students, having Sorted themselves, soon came to a standstill by the Heads of their chosen houses too. Septimus was glad to see that Julian was already there. He was glad that his friend had not chosen Gryffindor just because he had. He looked around. Few students who stood by him he recognised; Rufus Lestrange was there, though Septimus had noticed he had changed lines at least eight times during the Sorting. Darren Black was there too, looking out to the sea of faces before them. In the Ravenclaw line, which Septimus had seriously considered joining, was Ariella Blewitt. He looked over to the Ravenclaw table and noticed that her brother was sitting near the front. Also in Ravenclaw was Scarletta Adams and he wondered what had actually gone wrong with the Sorting Hat – was it having an off-day, or was it actually protesting, as the hushed brief whispers that had circulated the hall half an hour before, to the admission of non-wizards? Once the milling had stopped and the students had taken up their places in behind the houses they had chosen the Professors, with their groups of students, stepped down the two steps to the House tables, leading their new students to their tables. They were warmly welcomed, patted on the back, hands shaken, others squeezing up to make room for them. Septimus squeezed in beside two older boys, who high-fived one another as they split apart to make room. An older redheaded girl across from them grinned widely too at the newcomers and Julian stepped over the bench beside him. Septimus smiled at his friend. He'd not replied to Julian's wish to be in the same house as him, but Septimus had wanted it just as much. "A few notices before we get on with the business of dinner." Professor Snape tapped the Sorting Hat's chair with his wand, the incumbent occupant of which still sat lifeless on the seat, to quieten the room. He looked at the students, his eyes meeting with Septimus momentarily. Still as scary as he remembered too, he thought. "Lessons are to begin on Tuesday rather than Monday – " a cheer erupted from the tables, " – in order for many things to be completed. Quidditch trials will begin tomorrow as will medicals for all new students, who will report to the hospital wing. Your Head Boys and Girls will show you where you need to go. On Monday your Head of House and your Head Boy and Girl will run through your timetables, changes to lessons and options for upper OWL and NEWT students. You will undertake a day of lessons including personal and economic wellbeing and careers, learning strategies and be introduced to new subjects. Your Heads of House will furnish you with personalised timetables for that day. For those students not involved in the day, examination years, for example, you will be expected to use your time to your advantage in lieu of interim examinations that will take place before, and not after Christmas." He looked around the room at the students again, his features taking on a grave expression. "As you know, this year we have opened our doors not only to those of our magical community but to those from non-magical backgrounds. We live in a society where magical and non-magical people do business, live and work together. Our school now reflects this and it is long overdue. Remember, it is not only right to consider those who may be unlike ourselves, but an honour. You honour us, new students, as members of our school. And so, on behalf of all at Hedgewards I formally welcome all of our new students." He bowed his head, his eyes closed momentarily. "Bravo!" From the teacher's table the Ministry wizard put down his feet from the table and stood up, clapping. Soon all of the teachers were clapping and, from the house tables, so were most of the students. Their headmaster looked pleased, as well as a little relived, Septimus thought. "And so to our feast!" Professor Snape held out his hands, embracing the students before him. "Eat, drink, and enjoy!" He clapped his hands and, before them, food appeared. A feast indeed. Bread and hot soup was the first to be magicked, followed by a hot dinner, followed by sticky toffee pudding. For Septimus, anyway. It seemed that all those around him were enjoying different meals to him, Julian included. "Want to try some chicken salad?" he asked Septimus, who nodded and speared a piece from Julian's plate. "For a roastie," he added, taking one of Septimus's roast potatoes. He laughed. It was good to have his friend back again. 88888888 It was Tuesday morning. Not that time meant much to Cecilia Lupin. At Durmstrang time meant little; classes were held whenever the teacher made time, were always packed (for some of the teachers held classes so rarely, such was their commitment to their research that they'd be so self-absorbed) and were advertised in a rolling, ticker-tape fashion in the castle's main reception. There were always huddles of students milling around, for the information would change without warning and for some teachers' classes several students had devised a rota system to watch the announcements for they could not graduate unless they had undertaken the required number of classes of a variety of themes and subjects. This morning had been the first that Cecilia had recognised that she had slept. The cool cotton sheets on her face were stiff with minerals, her dried tears, shed frequently and in copious quantities. Her room was as she had left it; the house elves would have been the ones to change the sheets, clean and tidy, and there had been a fresh-laid fire in the grate with just a smidgeon of fuel that might last ten minutes if she were desperately cold. Her head ached. She lifted it. The daylight creeping in under the door that she could see indicated that it was, at least, daytime and she wondered if Ragnhild would try to talk to her, as she had done each day since Cecilia had arrived back at the foot of the steps of the castle and had had to climb the steps that she had descended over a month ago, back up to the school atop. Caelius had said nothing. He had disapparated her from the station where she stood, watching the train rush into the distance to the rocky shore that surrounded Durmstrang. He hadn't even the decency to say anything to her, merely waved his wand and disapparated almost immediately after they'd arrived. She'd found her belongings, clothes and shoes, books and her beloved photo of Septimus and Remus still in the place where she had left them. No-one checked up on teachers here; everyone accepted that they did their own thing. Cecilia had considered again, in the half-light with her head as achy as if she had been drinking the night before, at the situation. She could run again, run to Scotland this time, beg Severus to help her; she could run to the Midlands, back to Edgeford and her family. Neither of these would help Septimus, for she had told him – been forced to tell him, she added to herself, no more defending Caelius – that she had gone back here. It would do him no good, ultimately, if she were to disappear again. She could stay, and play the game. What she would not do, Cecilia vowed to herself, was give in to the idea that she was here as punishment, to do his will as atonement for breaking the law. Caelius wanted her to think like that and, at her lowest, the night before, when all the darkness seemed to crowd in on her, Cecilia steeled herself and told the night that she would play his game, but not necessarily stick to his rules. She had set the precedent, and if one person should have been privy to the information she had brought from this place, someone with whom Cecilia knew that Caelius would not share it with, that person was Severus Snape. At least for the sake of the fact that Septimus was now in his care. Her hatred of Caelius Lupin began to fester again. How much she loathed the part of herself that could not let go of her soul-wrenching anger at her brother-in-law. If he was before her now she would have no hesitation in tearing at his face with her nails, attacking him, hurting him as he'd hurt her. Except she wouldn't, of course. She wouldn't attack him for the sake of her hateful feelings. And that left her wondering, why had she bothered copying out the book, the Art of the Wize, with its double circle embossed on the cover, the product of a Durmstrang teacher-wizard's research? She could easily have not bothered and kept it from Caelius. She had done it because some things were beyond spite and revenge. Because she knew it needed to be shared. Cecilia sat up, wiping at her tear-stained face. Was it out of her system? She hoped so. She hoped that she might be able to live here again, somehow, get through the days without too many a care and worry. At least she didn't have her notebooks any more, burned as they had been in that hearth over there. There was Remus, too. Here, they had pledged themselves to each other, here in her room at Durmstrang. What would she, could she be doing there, except for brooding? She wiped the unbidden tears from her eyes. No. She hadn't got over the shock of it yet. Caelius may even be true to his word of telling her if there was any change at all. Getting to her feet Cecilia made her way to the small bathroom that was through a door on the opposite side of the room. Dark granite tiles, uneven and textured, decorated the bathroom, unlike the bathroom she remembered at Hogwarts with the sunken bath. That had been pale stone, marble-like. Here there was no bath, only a shower which turned cold within two minutes to prevent one languishing in the luxury of its heat. She had got her ablutions, including washing her hair, down to a fine art and was able to step out one minute and nineteen seconds later washed and refreshed before being soaked with ice cold water. Ragnhild met her, or at least had seen her ascend the only flight of steps that led to the shore and she'd followed her to her room, looked at her face, wrought with distress, fear, worry, anguish, and told her she would come back later. Cecilia wondered if she should try to find her, especially seeing as she had been included on this year's timetable. She should at least ask her about how to advertise a class in the reception-area. How different was the school to Hedgewards. She knew she wouldn't be missed here, which was at least one comfort. At Hedgewards the students were actively involved with their lessons, making potions and divinations, casting spells, both offensive and defensive; tending plants, playing Quidditch. The students at Durmstrang sat there, in their tiered classroom seats, made notes and did their own prep.; they were self-determined, submitting their work according to their own deadlines, those failing to do so to the high standards expected knew that their time would be wasted when they got to the age of seventeen and had not graduated, their full complement of subjects having not been completed, a shameful situation which every student feared. Apart from between lessons, as they scuttled about from one room to another Cecilia barely saw the students themselves, their heads bent in supplication as their teachers lectured, piles of scrolls appearing on teachers' desks as assignments were completed. And now she had a cause, something she believed in, and for once she was on Caelius's side, or at least, not against a tiny part of his overall philosophy. There were people, people here, wizards and witches, who wanted to separate science from magic, to hold magic exalted. They were wishing for a time, like in the Old Place, where magic was cut off from science, and from non-magic people. But you only had to look at the evidence to see that everyone was on a spectrum, that there was no clear dividing line. Any separation would be down to people's interpretation and you only had to look back to where she had come from to see that integration, tolerance, togetherness, were infinitely better than magic being kept secret. But people were going to do it anyway, or had at least planned to and there, in "The Art of the Wize", Cecilia suspected, was their licence to do so, ironically endorsed by science. The book contained potentially damaging stuff. If it could be proven it would challenge both wizards' and non-wizards' preconceptions about one another, and that was before this conjurist nonsense was taken into account. Cecilia sighed. The use, or rather misuse of scientific method to endorse aflawed ideology…where had that happened before? A knock on the door made Cecilia look up from the act of getting dressed. It would be her; no-one else here had ever bothered, Ragnhild Andersson, the statuesque witch with ankle-length white-blonde hair with whom she had regularly chatted before she had left Durmstrang. She pulled on her jersey and reached for her comb, dragging it through her short locks. "Just a minute," she said, slipping on a pair of shoes. "I'll be right there." Cecilia put her hand on the latch, pausing momentarily before pushing down on it. Let's get on with it. "Cecilia!" The witch pulled her close and hugged her very briefly before looking at her with concern before speaking quietly. "May I come in?" Cecilia stood back and the witch stepped through. "You are returned, I am so glad to see. I looked for you, did you not get my message?" Cecilia shook her head. "No. But thank you. How are you? You look tired." "Working," sighed Rahnhild, "always working. Too hard, I dare say." Cecilia motioned to a chair that stood by the empty fireplace and she sat on the other. "I don't have any refreshments," Cecilia added. "Not to worry, I ate thirteen hours ago; it's not long till lunch." And Cecilia began to tell her, well, for want of a better word, her friend, of her journey, and her return. "For the sake of Septimus. And my work," she concluded, when the scant details had been shared. She did not tell Ragnhild about Caelius, or being forced to return, though she suspected the witch knew that she had few powers herself for Ragnhild had often helped her when she'd asked. "And you saw the famous Severus Snape," Ragnhild added, nodding approvingly. "Crystallia seems to be flourishing; she's achieving all I could have hoped for – she visited me briefly here; it would not have suited her here – " Ragnhild partly covered her mouth with her hand as she spoke the words, as if not to be overheard, though she'd told Cecilia this before. She nodded. "The wizard is a genius. All students are lucky to have him as their headmaster…the awards he's won; potions, defence, wandless magic, magical-related science…he's admired by so many, even wizards here…an expert in his field…world renowned…" she tailed off her description of Snape, as if reading from the blurb of a biography. "And to have non-wizards; this is just the best news. Children need to understand other children; I pity the ones here, always working, never being able to socialise." Ragnhild shook her head, the curls at the bottom of her hair moving a good twenty seconds later. "I feel so sorry for them." "This is the benefit of science being used with magic in a positive way," Cecilia commented. "Science and magic used to complement one another. She paused, then looked astonished as Ragnhild answers the very question that her mind was forming but before her lips had a chance to take on the words. "You may ask why I work here." She looked into the fireplace bereft of flame. "It doesn't reflect my beliefs as you can tell; but the simple fact is few places want a Narratoveritia…a truth teller. We are common in Iceland…where the Earth is tearing apart. There are a several narratoverita from my country; many volcanic-dwellers are magical and many Icelanders have my ability, to tell the truth to others, whether they want to hear it or not. You might have noticed. Cecilia nodded. So many times Raghnhild had told her things that were about to happen, often unpleasant things, like slipping in the bathroom and not having prepared well enough for a journey (that had been especially true; the slips she had written as she had crossed haphazardly across the north of England were still with her; she would pay her debts to these people). So she was a truth teller. "It is a dangerous thing to be. I make enemies; people hold it against you personally. I have learned to be choosy with what I say and it breaks my heart when disaster is on the way and I know that I must not say, for my own sake." She sighed and looked at the flagstone floor. "I am accepted here; I can work here." Cecilia nodded sympathetically. "People research here energy conservation, they research magical cures…we are the hothouse for magical development…" she looked sadly at Cecilia, "but the work that people do, it is for naught, for they damage themselves in the quest for academia. I know this, and yet I do it to myself." Cecilia felt a growing sympathy for the woman. Imagine knowing things, picking up on the surroundings a she supposed Ragnhild did and interpreting it. It did put her problems into perspective somewhat. As isolated and vulnerable as she felt at the moment she had a certain empathy for the witch, having been on the outside, so to speak, and was looking in for she had been there, telling the truth, or at least her version of it, on occasions, one of which had landed her in Durmstrang in the first place. "I'm glad to be back, to see you," said Cecilia as Ragnhild got to her feet, her hair swishing behind her. "It's best to be free in a foreign place than to be a slave at home," she added, nodding to the door. "I choose this, and…" "…work calls," said Cecilia. It wasn't a question. Ragnhild nodded her graceful head. "Indeed. But Cecilia, you must remember this," she added suddenly, her eyes looking at her with sudden determination. "You don't have to put out the fire when it's burnt out already. Please remember that!" Cecilia nodded determinedly. "I won't forget it," she replied. For a long time, she added to herself, as she stood in her room in the Durmstrang Institute, thinking about the words. I won't forget it for a long time.
88888888 "The Sorting Hat wouldn't sort!" James Potter sat before the Reciprocators, wizards and witches who were about to go out on surveillance. Following the arrival and settling of students at Hedgewards and a whole day's lessons successfully done the Reciprocators had gathered together at Grimmauld Place for their usual weekly meeting expecting an update from their leader. At the last moment James Potter, sipping a cup of tea and waiting for the wizards to assemble, received a floo from Caelius explaining that he would, regrettably, be unable to chair it himself and had owled James the details. Lily was annoyed. "How on earth can he miss the single most important meeting of the reciprocators? What could he be doing that's more important?" But her ire at the situation, brought about through lethargy from her new work, that of old buildings and making them habitable by modern wizards and/or non-wizards, it didn't change the fact that the Head of the Reciprocators would not be there and, in his stead, James would have to fill in. He had chaired the meeting well enough, receiving reports from those who had been on the ground as the Hedgewards Express had made its way across the country on Saturday. Arabella Figg reported that she had kept several students in line at Hogsmeade station and Benjamin Wergs told them that three students who might well have drowned in the Black Lake in their efforts at boarding one of the captainless boats. James too reported that the first years and new students had disembarked successfully and had come to the part when the Sorting Hat fell silent, refusing to acknowledge the students, far less Sort them into their houses. "I've never heard the like!" exclaimed Bathsheba who, like the others, knew of the situation but had not yet had it confirmed. "The Hat didn't Sort! What has Caelius to say about this? And Severus?" James looked at his owl. No information had been provided other than what James already knew and had told them. The meeting's members looked on and Bathsheba continued, "it'd be good to have heard it from either of them, particularly with what we are doing tonight." Many nods, comments, and whispers echoed her sentiment. James closed his eyes momentarily, his mind thinking on to the rest of the agenda. He wasn't ready for this; he hadn't been prepared to chair the Reciprocator meeting that evening. His evening had involved him and Lily going on duty before clocking off and grabbing a few hours' sleep before work the next day. Chairing the meeting tonight required him to think and make decisions. "It is Caelius's pleasure to announce that the first day of teaching at Hedgewards has been carried out successfully. All students, both wizards and non-, have had their lessons with only minor difficulties…" James read from his briefing notes, "…classroom location, organisation of students into teaching groups…nothing like the suspected disruption that was anticipated. No resistance to the subjects, no prejudice. All in all, a success." "And what about the screening?" Madeye Moody growled his question before swigging from his hip flask. "What does our esteemed leader say about these? What are the outcomes?" "Er," began James, scanning down. "It says that it was carried out…" he read to the end before reading through again. "And that the results would be released to the students at the end of the month. They are screening for diseases, both wizard and non-wizard in origin." "A good thing," said Lily. "We don't know how magic's going to affect the non-wizards." "I suspect there is more to this," interrupted Madeye. "Do you not think that the Ministry wish to uncover any half-breeds?" "If Caelius were here we could ask him," replied James Potter. "However, we can only speculate. Anyway," he looks down, hoping no more important questions or comments came his way, "tonight we – " James broke off and looked in the direction of the crackle that indicated a wizard was apparating. "Severus! How good to see you!" Molly Weasley immediately rounded one of the sofas and welcomed him warmly. "We were just hearing of the success of the school." Severus Snape half-closed his eyes as the Recprocators stared. He rarely attended meetings these days – many suspected a rift between him and Caelius. That he was here at all was a good sign, however. "Indeed. It is the reason I am here." He walked over to a vacant seat on one of the sofas but did not sit down and looked at James. "I understand you're our chair?" James Potter nodded. "Do you wish me to continue with the meeting?" Looking down the list of points he had been compelled to cover, James looked back at Severus. "Perhaps you could cover the points from Hedgewards?" asked James. "I know there are several points some members might wish to ask you. I have one other issue to discuss." "Indeed," replied Severus, taking the cup of steaming tea that Molly Weasley had given to him and finally sitting down next to Arthur. "As I am sure you were saying James, the beginning of the school year has been a success. We have had lessons for both wizards and non-wizards today, something which, had you put it to me this time last year I would have said would be impossible. And yet, though early days, the strata of students in the school and the shift in teaching and learning objectives have culminated in successful lessons, happy students and a positive school." He surveyed the Reciprocators, who were listening intently. "All credit must be given to the staff who have met the challenge of integrating non-wizard learning into their subjects at short notice, although there have been one or two tests to our organisation. We have heeded much that you, Lily, and Tabitha too, of course, recommended to us via your report, James and I congratulate you on your dedication to the cause." "Our wellbeing programme yesterday appeared to be a success also; the students undertook lessons identifying prejudice and how it made no difference about people's abilities or lack of them to what they could learn. Older students undertook academic programmes of study," Severus concluded, sipping his tea, before adding, "are there any questions?" "What problems have there been with wizard prejudice to the non-wizards? What have you done about it?" Severus Snape glanced over to Sturgis Podmore, nodding in acknowledgement. "We will carry out the school policy with regard to discrimination, which is that under no circumstances bigotry would be tolerated. There have been no reports, I am pleased to say, of this, other than a couple of isolated incidents. Sam, for example – " he looked at Lily and then at James, " – was adept at dealing with those that have occurred. An asset to the school," he added approvingly. "It's a pity "positive" couldn't be used to describe what we'll face tonight," growled Mad Eye Moody. "I'll be sending some your way, James, there's no doubt, before it's over." What about the Sorting Hat?" Bathsheba asked, changing the subject – she too knew the night would be difficult and she narrowed her eyes in Moody's direction, wishing he hadn't reminded her of what they would be having to do – again – that night as keepers of the peace. "I've yet to get to the bottom of the Sorting Hat – it has been entirely uncommunicative. I've left it in the hands of both my predecessors and Minerva. Phineas Nigellus was giving it a good talking to as I left." "Mick Mullen reported that the failsafe Sorting procedure had been a boon," commented James. "A good thing the students weren't left without their houses." "But not to be Sorted! Bloody hell, Severus, I bet there were loads of cheesed off students. I know I would have been!" Anaxagoras Jones, a plump wizard, ruddy faced and bearded, banged his fist on the arm of the chair, a small puff of dust erupted from the fabric. "What House did the Sorting Hat put you in, Nax?" asked Kingsley, turning to the older wizard. "Gryffindor," he growled. "And the house you would have chosen…?" "Gryffindor! Brave, chivalrous, courageous…what other choice is there?" A silence fell, and Anaxagoras Jones, a descendent of one of the Reciprocator's pioneers, nodded and harrumphed. "Was the method really the same one that founders chose?" Benjamin Wergs turned his attention back to Snape, unfolding his feet at the ankle before folding them over the other way. "Oh yes," replied Lily. "When the founders were alive the students sorted themselves based on the qualities of the houses they most valued." She sighed. "If only I'd been there to see history in the making." The room feel silent for a few moments. It would seem that Caelius's policy had paid off. The students were being educated, the staff were happy and there had been little if any conflict between them. It was a pity that the situation in towns and cities around the countries, where protests from conjurists, who had taken to the streets, though low level, had been boldly vocal in their opposition to the so-called equality policy had been enacted. "Severus, what of the medical tests? None of the other students have been tested for diseases. Can you explain Caelius's thinking here?" It was Lily who had posed the question. Severus nodded in acknowledgement. "Indeed. Caelius proposed the measure not two weeks ago. He was concerned for the health of the students in light of non-wizard students coming to Hedgewards, as a precaution to them. We cannot morally keep them at the school if we feel that there is anything which may pose a danger to them. Equally, we felt it was detrimental to the cause to isolate the non-wizards alone, hence the request for first year students." "And what will happen to the records? What will the Ministry do with them? Excuse me for the questions, Severus, I was unaware, as a parent, that this was going on." Again, Severus nodded in acknowledgement. "My thanks for your questions Lily, it is important to clarify these things. As I was saying, the only reason for students' screening was to discover if there was anything that that may prevent them from being fully involved in school life. The results of the tests will be kept on school file only and released to the students. Should any students be suffering from anything of concern they will be offered counselling and a letter sent home recommending they be removed from Hedgewards. We would not like the students to suffer for their education any more than they will have to." A snort of laughter came from Mad Eye, Sturgis and Arthur Weasley, while Kingsley Shacklebolt added a, "hear, hear," to Severus's comments. "As to your question about notification, the parents and guardians of those involved were informed with their Hedgewards Letters. Sam is in the sixth year and as such is not subject to a medical examination." Severus got to his feet. "Any further questions?" James looked around the room. "No, I don't think so, Severus," concluded the reluctant chair of the meeting. "So, back to the other business of the evening." He looked down his list. "Other agenda items…" he looked up. "Pensieves. There have been reports, and evidence, that the new types of pensieve are being used by Conjurists. The main organisers use "P-mail" to contact those in their coven, the time and date of assembly. A wizard we arrested yesterday told the auror Idris Llun that he had been messaged, told to meet in Newcastle and, with other conjurists, target the bridge. Clearly this makes our job more difficult as these wizards and witches can be called at any time, from anywhere and as such we do not have the capacity, like with the floo network, to monitor the messages in and out yet." "Close down the shop!" declared Anaxagoras. "Unless they let the Ministry in. National security!" A rumble replies, some in agreement, some merely groaning at Nax's predictable response. "We can't close it down. But at this moment Caelius is in talks with the managing director of Firebolt Pensieves. They've had the sense, at least, to take the wizards' addresses for all those sold." He looked at the sheet, then back up. "Nothing prevents the original owners from selling these on. We have the measure, temporary at least, but something, that we may confiscate any pensieves that we have until we can get someone from the Department of Mysteries to look into their magical programming and usage. Hopefully some sort of tracking device or code can be developed." "If only we have Tabitha," sighed Lily, "she'd do it in a heartbeat. "No she wouldn't," laughed Sturgis Podmore. "The time she would take on it would be seconds, to her at least, but we might get it by Christmas." "But it would work, and do the job it needed," insisted Lily. "Tabs is nothing if not efficient." "Have you heard from her of late, Severus?" "No. She is still behind the veil." "Then we must rely on Caelius to do his utmost. He is nothing if he is not dedicated to his work, Caelius Lupin," intoned Kingsley. "Now, if we are finished, shall we get the rotas organised?" As a wizard, the got to their feet. Severus Snape looked at James's expression, one of reluctant custodianship. Both knew that this was not the last item on the agenda. "As eager as we all are to be on our way with our duties tonight, there is just one more item, something that is all the more pressing considering its personal nature to us all." He had the room. Molly sat back down by her husband, on the arm of the chair. Bathsheba stopped mid-rise and Benjamin pulled her back down again onto the settee. Silent. Wide-eyed. "Has anyone heard from, or seen from Henrietta recently?" "She's in Europe, James," replied Lily. "She went there early July." A muttering of agreement reinforced Lily's point. "Have you heard from her, Lily? Has anyone?" James looked around as his wife and several other Reciprocators shook their heads. "And nor has Caelius. He went to visit the European Ministry yesterday in order to discuss national security. He had Owled Henrietta and asked for a meeting. When she didn't turn up he went to the address that the Parliament building in Strasbourg had for her. The place was deserted – he had to apparate in – and by the looks of things she hadn't been there for a long time." A rise in the volume of the chatter made James pause awkwardly. He knew the news of Henrietta's, well, disappearance, would provoke concerned discussion, and it had. "How far has Caelius got with his investigation?" Tonks, from the very back of the room. "He's made it official, I assume?" James shook his head. "Not as yet. I think, before he involves European aurors he wishes to investigate himself. But he urges anyone who has had any contact with Henrietta to speak to him. Any information might help." "And now we can go?" asked Kingsley, once the chatter had died away. "I for one am keen to get on with it tonight." As the meeting drew to a close Severus nodded to James. "Caelius will be grateful that you stepped in." "What else could I do? He's not here, and we needed briefing. If you ask me he's taking on too much, Severus. He's sorted the school, he's got the Ministry to run, the conjurists to look after, and now Henrietta's got herself lost and – " "You think that's what's happened?" "You know what she's like. Flaky. She'll probably arrive here tomorrow as if nothing at all's the matter." He walked with Snape to the fireplace as around them the Reciprocators got themselves into their respective groups and took their lists, reading them before disapparating, in twos and threes. 88888888 The sun was shining through the stained glass window that was adjacent Septimus's bed. Through the curtains of the four-poster bed, which hung loosely around it (Septimus just had to pull them across and pretend that they were a den last night, before Julian popped up underneath and scared him on purpose) did little to shield his eyes from the sunlight. He sat up. And then dragged the heavy covers from himself, pulling on yesterday's clothes grasping the letters. Hopping around Septimus managed to put on his shoes one-handed, looking around and hoping that his stamping hadn't woken up anyone else in the Gryffindor boys' dormitory at so early an hour. He had to get out to post these before school began and it took him until he was at the back of the Fat Lady's picture, which was immovable despite his attempts, to realise that, were he to get past the portrait he would have no idea how to get to the Owlery, much less what he would do there. Crawling back through the passage he stood in the common room and looked down at the names on the letters. "Caelius Lupin" was written on one and on the other "Cecilia Lupin". Essentially they both contained the same information; they told his uncle and his mother about his first few days there, about his first day of lessons, about how he was Sorted (or rather, he Sorted himself) into Gryffindor. They told their recipients how excited he was about Quidditch and that the lessons they'd had so far, Spellwriting/English and History of Magic/History had been "all right" and Herbology/Plant Biology had been "cool." In Caelius's letter he had written about how he hoped his father would be better soon so he could tell him about Hedgewards and asked if his uncle would be able to take him to see him. He had written to his mum that though he would miss her it was "brilliant" that she was helping the government with "governmenty things", that he was looking forward to seeing her again and that Professor Snape wasn't that scary. He also thanked her for his broom which he had taken for a practise fly in the grounds on Sunday when the Quidditch trials were going on, but told her he never thought he'd be good enough to play for his house. As he gazed upon the letters he turned slowly, thinking that it was probably a good think that he hadn't got out to post the letters; they'd be out of date soon anyway and there would be more things to tell both of them. Septimus was wandering back towards the stairs when he came to an abrupt stop. Looking up to see what the obstacle was he was taken aback at the sight of Sam Potter, grinning down at him. "What are you doing up so early, Sep? And where are you going?" He glanced towards the back of the Fat Lady's portrait then back at Septimus who felt a guilty look cross his face. "Er, I was, er, I wanted to post these," Septimus replied uncertainly. "They're for Uncle Kay and Mum. Only…" "Only you need to get past the portrait." Septimus nodded. "You're not supposed to be wandering around before seven. The caretaker, Filch, will go mad!" "But even if I did, then where do I go?" He looked towards the passage himself. "I want to send them today, but I don't think Mervyn will be able to carry even one, let alone know where he's going, and – " "Come on." Sam stepped past Septimus. "I shouldn't do this you know, but, well…" He knelt at the entrance and began to crawl before looking back at the young wizard. "So, are you coming then?" Septimus followed Sam out of the main castle doors, down the hill that lay beyond. A tower loomed in the distance. From its summit birds fluttered in and out and, as they approached Septimus realised this was the Owlery. He followed Sam up the steps that looped around the outside of the tower, realising he should have put his cloak on such was the bitterness of the wind. It was no better inside. "Here we are. The Owlery." Sam gestured towards the owls. There was a multitude, of all species and varieties. "If you don't want to send your owl," he continued, fussing a tawny owl perched calmly with several others, you can always use a school owl. They have a yellow ribbon around their foot. Septimus, who had been nuzzling Mervyn turned and, ignoring the little owl's indignant squawks and pips walked over to them. "They're much calmer than the new arrivals," said Sam, giving the one he was fussing a worm. Now that Sam came to mention it there was a distinct divide between those owls with yellow ribbons and those without. "Ah, is she yours?" he continued, fussing Mervyn and cooing at him. "He," said Septimus, watching as Sam gave his owl a worm too. "He's only a baby. He'll soon grow into a big strong bird," Sam continued. "Go ahead," he added, noticing Septimus's reticence in untying the yellow ribbon and wrapping the first etter around it. "They won't bite – " " – much!" said Septimus as he tried to retie the ribbon, snatching his fingers away each time he tried to attach his letter. "Just be quick about it," said Sam as he came to Sam's side. "They've had a few weeks of rest – probably – don't – want to go out with messages," he added, deftly avoiding the nips, but only just. "Here," Sam added, giving the delivery owl a worm. They watched as the bird hopped to the nearest windowledge and, with a stretch of its wings, soared into the air. "Thanks," said Septimus as they made their way back down the stairs. When they got back to the common room they realised that several more people were up. Severus felt nervous – perhaps they'd ask where he and Sam had been? But when no-one did he smiled again at his older friend before climbing the stairs and getting changed. Reaching into his back pocket he pulled out the letter intended for his mum. He hadn't sent it, only Caelius's. Why? It'll be out of date soon, he thought to himself. And I when I've had some more lessons I can write to her again. "Where were you this morning?" asked Julian as they walked down to breakfast. "When I woke up your bed was empty. Entering the Great Hall they found a place at the Gryffindor table and, as they had discovered on Sunday morning, simply had to ask the table for what they wanted to eat and it would appear in front of them. "I went out, with Sam," he said. "I just wanted to send the letters I'd written for Mum and Uncle Kay." "Cool," said Julian, tucking into his porridge. "You can show me later, I've written home, too." "What've we got first?" Septimus asked as he too ate his porridge. "Arithmancy," said Julian, "slash mathematics. What do you reckon, adding up? Decimal places?" "No idea," said Septimus as Darren Black passed them. Septimus made to smile but the boy turned his head and carried on walking. They walked down the main corridor, past the potions/chemistry classrooms and those for students who had transfiguration/science next. As they turned the corner they almost bumped into two older wizards arguing loudly with one another. Septimus and Julian stopped, staring at the older boys. One of them, Septimus remembered, was the boy who had shouted at Gordy Springs for taking his sister's wand. The other, tall, blonde, athletic, was a boy called Jason Crudglington. They knew this as Jason Crudglington introduced himself to Crystallia Andersson as both he and Julian were making their way back to their compartment on the Hedgewards Express. Jason, by his own account, was the son of a non-wizard who specialised in improving wizard and non-wizard engineering, bridges, canals, and so on to make them multi-user. Jason himself was also a non-wizard and hoped to go into the family business, his father seeing fit (and he agreeing) that an education here, at Hedgewards, for a non-wizard would be a unique advantage. Currently however his magical education was being taught him by Fraser Blewitt who was holding his wand so close to Cridglington that it almost went up his nose. At the sight of both Septimus and Julian Fraser took a step back, looking past them and over to the main corridor before, taking one last disparaging look at Jason Cridglington, stalked away. "Now that's what you call friendly," whispered Julian as they hurried past the scene. "Come on," said Septimus, or we'll be late. "Yes, we will," said a voice behind them. Both boys turn to see Rufus Lestrange hurrying up to them. "I've got arithmancy next," said Rufus, looking at his timetable, "well, not exactly next but now, but – " he looked at both of them brightly, his round, dimpled face creasing into a smile and his long curly hair bobbing like maids at court to a queen. Septimus and Julian gave one another a look. "I think it's up this way a bit," said Septimus politely. "Then I'll come with you," said Rufus, taking a step between them. "You've got arithmancy too, haven't you?" he asked, peering at Septimus's timetable, upside down and under his arm. As all three of them walked together to their classroom Julian leaned in and whispered to Septimus, "at least he hasn't got his music with him today." "I have," said Rufus, smiling back of them, Julian's irony apparently lost. "Only it's in my pocket. The teachers can confiscate it and I don't want that to happen. An hour and a halt later, during which Julian had caused a fire when trying to predict the square of thirteen and what significance it would have on their teacher's day, and the boys headed out of the classroom. It was breaktime. They hurried out, hoping that Rufus wouldn't follow them and to their relief the boy turned the other way. In Julian's pocket were the singed remains of some of his top trumps cards which had spontaneously combusted the night before when he and Septimus were playing. Forgetting about the incident Julian said, "wanna game?" before pulling out the cards. As he did so Thierry Henry's arm blew across the grass shortly followed by Steven Gerrard's head and shoulders. "Oh bother!" he exclaimed, shaking his head at the remains of his Premiership cards. "Now you'll have to show me where the Owlery is, I'll ask mum and dad if WHSmith have any more and if they can send them. "Never mind," said Septimus, watching the hand of Maradona catch up with the legs of Pele. "Perhaps we can make our own up, or do some for Quidditch." "Mm, yeah, could do," said Julian, halfheartedly. "I don't know much about Quidditch." "Do you want to go and watch the practice tomorrow night?" asked Septimus brightly. "Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are having a friendly. It's a bit like football but – " "There's brooms involved, I know that." Julian jumped down from a rock ("granite, with quartz inclusions. I'm impressed. But more basalt than you can shake a stick at, round here") and they both headed towards the corridor. "Now what?" asked Julian. Septimus looked at him blankly, and he added, "you've got the timetable. I've already lost mine." "History of Magic/History," said Septimus. "I think classroom seven is this way." "Straight on, I think," said a timid voice behind them. It was Ariella Blewitt, who overtook them and pointed. "This way." Behind her, and them too were Gordy Springs and Rufus Lestrange. "It's odd, the names," said Julian as they turned a corner. "For the subjects. They could've just kept them the same – we'd have known what they meant." "Would you know what "astronomy" was?" asked Septimus, laughing. Julian laughed too. "As I said, odd. Except for astronomy." "That's because your uncle wrecked the school." In front of them Fraser Blewitt stood in their way. Immediately Ariella stopped, dropping her head at the sight of her older brother and stood next to him. "You don't even deny it," he sneered. "And, by all accounts, your mother is a nutcase too and your father's as good as dead!" Septimus stared at the boy before following his momentarily distracted gaze as Darren Black passed them by. The look on the boy's face, coupled with his acknowledgement of Fraser Blewitt and Septimus had a pretty good idea where it had come from. "Shut up!" said Septimus, "or I will – " "Well? Will what? Vex hex me?" "Yes!" Julian stepped forward and was trying to eyeball Fraser. "And you! You're nothing but a talentless chump who took the wrong turning at King's Cross!" Blewitt held up his wand, before levelling it at Julian, his eyes darting to Septimus. "No!" shrieked Ariella from her brother's side. "You can't – " "And I'll deal with you later!" snarled Blewitt, "consorting with – " his eyes darted back to Julian, wanting to say the word. "You're not causing trouble, Fraser, are you?" At once Blewitt's face changed from one of mangled ire to a blank canvas of innocence. From behind him a tall, dark haired wizard in Wellington boots smiled warmly at the older boy. "Professor Longbottom. No, sir." Blewitt lowered his wand. "I was just asking these boys if they could…show my sister where she needed to go." "I'm glad to hear it." The tall wizard, his dark beard reaching only to his collarbones and plaited with fishing flies and wire bent down towards Julian and Septimus. "Mr. Lupin," he smiled. "I've heard you've an interest in herbology. And Mr…?" "Julian. Julian Scott." "…Mr. Scott." He looked between them. "You both seem like helpful young men keen to escort this young lady to her next lesson?" "'course we will," said Julian. "It's Ariella, isn't it?" Ariella nodded, refusing to look at her brother, who appeared to Septimus as if he might explode. "This way to History of Magic/History," said Professor Longbottom, gesturing the way down the corridor. Ahead of them, when out of sight of the professor and Fraser Blewitt Ariella looked at them both before striding on ahead. "Phew," said Septimus, "that was close. His wand looked as if it was ready to kill you!" "Mum says it's not wands that hurt people, it's wizards," said Julian as he picked up speed. Time was rushing on and he was keen not to be late for the second lesson that day and suffer the ignominy of points off their house. "Even so. I don't know how to defend yet, even. We haven't got "Defence against the Dark Arts/Practical Defence" till tomorrow. They ran the rest of the way, bolting into the classroom. The students that had been on time looked around at Septimus and Julian. "We're for it now!" whispered Julian, taking the last two empty chairs near the front. They needn't have worried about being late. It took a further three quarters of an hour for Professor Binns to arrive, Sam Potter escorting him. 88888888
Thursday dawned bright as Wednesday had done the day before. The sunlight through the window woke up Septimus again and he turned over, pulling the covers closer to him. What a week it had been: a week ago he and mum had gone to Diagonalley and bought the Lightningshot, got fitted up for some robes and chatted about what Hedgewards would actually be like. After that he'd gone out with Julian across the mountains for a last day of exploring. Then he was on the train with the other students, eating the Hedgewards feast, watching as the older students tried out for places in their respective houses' quidditch teams, learned about why it was important to respect everyone despite where they came from, what they looked like and what they could do. Now, two days into lessons and Septimus had to admit he was settling in. It helped that he was familiar with the school, a little, and had met the headmaster before. But he could understand that there were students who were feeling uneasy and weren't getting involved. The evening before Sam and Crystallia had organised a "getting to know you" evening where each new student had to think of something magical that began with the first letter of their name. Then they had to go round in a circle and remember everyone's names. He was "Snakey Septimus", a source of high amusement amongst all of them when Julian "Jelly Legs", on his turn, who wiggled his hips at his friend's moniker. His friend, who knew no-one but Septimus, was unfamiliar even with magic let alone Hedgewards and the idea of secondary school, was not uneasy – his personality meant he fitted in in most sun shone brighter. Septimus sat up, defeated in his hiding from it. Then he heard a hiss in the vicinity of Julian's bed. "Sep, you awake?" "Yes," Septimus hissed back. "You?" There was a pause. "That's a silly question, Sep." The curtains of Septimus's bed parted and his friend launched himself on his bed. "I was thinking, perhaps before breakfast, if you could remember how to get past that glamorous lady, you could show me how to send an Owl letter?" "Sure," said Septimus, pushing past his already-dressed friend. "Let me just get something on, will you?" He descended the stairs to the Gryffindor common room hoping that this time Sam wouldn't be around. He'd remembered the spell that their prefect had used to get past the Fat Lady when he went with Sam the previous morning – "Alohamora" – but wondered, as his friend traipsed behind him, letter in hand, who the "glamorous lady" was. "The glamorous lady," Julian repeated when they got to the tunnel that led to the portrait. "The "Fat Lady"!" Kneeling down and beginning to crawl Septimus rolled his eyes. Of course. Julian was like that. Quietly, towards the portrait's wooden back Septimus levelled his wand, closed his eyes and commanded, "Alohomora!" "Well, the cheek!" The voice of Gryffindor's entrance-portrait uttered her outrage as the spell turned the hinges on her right hand side. "You're not supposed to be out of the tower until eight o'clock. Septimus opened his eyes. Instead of the portrait's back before him he was astonished to find the flagstone floor of the corridor in front of him. The magic had worked. "Come on!" he scrambled out of the tunnel and down onto the floor, Julian scampering behind him. "It might close before you come out!" Septimus could almost see the steps that he and Sam had left in the grass-sods which led the two boys from the castle over the tarn and to the base of the Owlery. Up, up they climbed before they were standing in the doorway to the hub of the world, where "airmail" was a given fact once you had chosen your owl to do the mail delivery for you. "Is it always this noisy?" asked Julian, putting his hands over his ears. "Yesterday it was," said Septimus, crossing the uneven floor to where Mervyn was roosting. He tickled the little bird behind his ear and his owl stretched up, nuzzling back. Julian hurried over to his friend. "He's yours, isn't he?" Reaching over too Septimus withdrew his hand and let Julian fuss Mervyn. At once, the little owl opened one eye and stopped inclining his head, staring at the owner of the hand that wasn't Septimus with one shoe-button eye. As if in acceptance as Julian fussed him some more Mervyn closed his eye and allowed him the honour of the fuss. "So," said Julian at length, looking around the busy information terminal, can we choose any owl? Can I send my letter home with Mervyn?" "One of the school owls can take it for you," said Septimus, pointing him in the direction of the yellow-ribboned tawnies. "Mervyn is too little; he has to be here with the others for at least a year, till he's grown and learned how to do things." "And the rest of the owls belong to other students?" Septimus nodded. "Here," he said, taking the letter from Julian, who was nervously edging towards the indifferent school owls and, with a whole one morning's experience, folded the letter in half and tied it round the closest owl's leg. With a hoot of acceptance the tawny owl hopped to the window, launching itself out of the window. Julian looked down. Septimus followed his friend's gaze, an imaginary parabola, as the bird soared. "Cool!" He turned to Septimus. "That's so cool! It's taking my letter! How does it know?" Julian paused as he crossed the floor towards the steps back down, leaning out. He turned back to Septimus. "I know, it's magic, right? Septimus?" He poked his head back inside. "Sep? You coming?" He walked back over to his friend. "Sep?" "I'm just…" Septimus folded back up the letter that he was going to post to his mother, putting it back into his trouser pocket. "Nothing. Come on. We'd better get back before we get it trouble." "That's what I said!" exclaimed Julian as he hurried after his friend. Approaching the Fat Lady's portrait again Septimus levelled his wand. The castle was a little livelier than it had been as they'd left; the clock tolled seven as they stood before her. "Oh, it's you again," she sniffed, looking down on them. "Don't you spell me again, young whippersnappers. It's seven now – you can use today's password." Septimus hesitated and exchanged looks with Julian. They were outside the common room now; it was at seven that Professor McGonagall met with the prefects to share the password. They then went back to their respective dormitories and shared it with the rest of the students. "We don't know it," replied Julian, grinning. "Being on the outside, rather than in, you see." "How unfortunate for you." They both turned. For it was not the Fat Lady who had addressed them. Septimus felt his heart drop as Professor McGonagall stared down on them both, her face rigid with fury. "And just what do you think you are doing, being out of the common room before seven?" As Julian began to answer she held up a hand. "I do not think I wish to know, Mr. Scott. Suffice to say you will be cleaning the common room this evening – " "Oh, Professor! We – " "And tomorrow evening too." "Professor! We – " "Shush!" hissed Septimus to his friend. "It's my fault, Professor. Julian just wanted to send a letter home, and felt embarrassed about asking – " " – I wasn't!" Septimus nudged him in the ribs. " – seeing as he is a non-wizard, and didn't want to feel he was going to be laughed at." Septimus felt Julian's eyes boring into the side of his face. He knew if he turned Julian would probably thump him. Instead he gave his most earnest look to their Head of House." "I see." McGonagall looked at Julian, who was now staring at his feet in fury, then back to Septimus. "Well, we have procedures in place, Mr. Scott. However, I understand the first few days of school, especially for yourself, may be a little uneasy. Now – " She looked at the Fat Lady. "Leonix Leonis!" The portrait swung open. "Thank you, Professor," nodded Julian, glaring at Septimus with an "I'll get you back" look on his face. He jumped to passage-height before crawling through. Septimus was about to follow but McGonagall held up a hand. "No, Mr. Lupin. Before you dress properly," she began, looking at his jeans, sweater and trainers, "you need to come with me. The Headmaster wishes to talk to you." Septimus glanced at Julian, whose look had changed to one asking, "what've you done?" and he shrugged and shook his head at his friend. "Why, Professor?" "I've no idea. But he wants to see you. Now." Walking through the corridors, past the Great Hall and to the entrance to the Headmaster's office was by no means an easy one when you're trailing a teacher. The students he passed all stared at Septimus asking the unspoken question which his friend had voiced just now. What had he done? He stood next to Professor McGonagall who, to the gargoyle at the bottom of the steps said, "Bath Buns". Steps descended and she ushered him up them. He was about to find out. At the top of a long climb Septimus came to a door. Nothing fancy was there about it to indicate that it was one led into the headmaster's office and a thought struck him as to whether it was the right one. Well, there was only one way to find out. After rapping on the door a few times and waiting Septimus wondered whether he should go back down when he got no reply, and then panicked. Behind him the stairs had gone. Not simply been closed back up by the statue below, but had disappeared. He turned, and faced the door again. He had his wand, but what good would that do against wood and stone? He only knew two spells and while one of them helped he and Julian get out of the common room it didn't guarantee that it'd work here. The other one tied shoelaces so he didn't have to bend down. Useful, but of no use to him in this situation. Septimus knocked again, knowing that he must try the "Alohomora" spell if no-one answered when, as he was about to knock, the door opened. Before he hit Professor Snape in the chest, Septimus lowered his hand and looked up at the Headmaster of Hedgewards. "Y – you wanted to see me, Professor?" "Ah, yes. Septimus, please come in." Severus Snape held the door open to him, widening his gesture invitingly. "You're most welcome." Closing the door behind him Professor Snape walked past Septimus and stood by his desk, looking down at the sheaves of paper and shuffling them into a neat pile. "Thank you for coming so promptly. Please, take a seat. I won't keep you for long," he added, looking up momentarily. What had he done, thought Septimus as he nervously made his way to the roll-backed chair made of a dark wood and whose seat was lined in velvet. Then another thought struck him. "Is it about Dad, sir? Is he awake?" Snape looked up again and fixed Septimus with a stare. "Your father is, as far as I understand, still in a stable condition. As far as I know he has not woken. No, it is about you whom I wish to speak, Septimus." He moved away from his desk and walked round to the other side of it, leaning against it. Septimus felt his heart quicken. Yes, as Julian pointed out, he had been to Hedgewards before and Professor Snape had brought him home – from his friend's point of view that meant they were practically family – but the great wizard standing before him, so many accomplishments to his name, and with the power to expel him at a stroke, asking to see him early one morning was not filling him with confidence. "The last time I saw you was in the summer holidays, when your Uncle Caelius brought you with him. You were still deciding, I believe, whether Hedgewards was the right school for you. So, I wanted to ask you," Professor Snape continued, "whether you still believe that the choice you made was the right one?" What had he done? Septimus felt his heart quicken and the dread that he had felt as he had ascended the stairs to the Headmaster's office that he had put aside returned like a lead weight in his stomach. Why was he asking him this? Did the Professors all think he was no good, too lazy, or incapable of magic? "Sir, I'm sorry," Septimus began. He felt an apology was the best way to start as his mind rested on the surefire reason that Snape had summoned him. "I know I shouldn't have been out of bed before hours yesterday, and today too, but I wanted to send a letter to Uncle Kay and one to mum as well, and, well, Sam, Sam Potter that is, our Head Boy? He showed me where the Owlery was, and, this morning asked if I knew how to send a letter home, and I took him, I knew he felt embarrassed at not having done it before, not that he'd ever admit it, but – " He stopped abruptly, as Professor Snape held up his hand. "Septimus Lupin," he began, a glimmer of amusement on his features. "If I didn't know better I would have believed your mother was standing before me. Relax, there is nothing for you to worry about, although I will add that there are rules governing dormitory hours for a reason." Septimus nodded absently as his mind wondered, "so if not that, what?" "So, back to my question, do you believe you chose the right school in Hedgewards? Just answer the question as is, Septimus, you don't need to analyse it to decide if your answer is the right one. If it's the honest one then it's right." Septimus nodded again, thinking…feeling… …was this the right place for him? The week had gone so fast, like he would never have believed. He'd been looking forward to going to Hedgewards since he had known that it was a wizarding school, it had always felt right, until… "Yes," replied Septimus, eventually. "A well-considered answer," acknowledged Professor Snape, leaning back against his desk. "But, may I press you..?" He paused. "You don't seem wholly convinced by your answer. What is making you wish that you were, say, at your local non-wizard school, perhaps in Edgeford?" Septimus breathed. It was true – a part of him did wish he was at Edgeford High. "I do wish I was there, sometimes." He looked down, and an image of his mother's face drifted into his mind's eye. He looked back at the Headmaster. "I suppose I just thought, that if I was back there, in Edgeford, everything would be all right, mum and dad would be there..." "I understand your mother explained to you the reason for her leaving, just as you were leaving to come here?" Septimus nodded a little, before frowning. "And I take it you made your decision to come here before she left?" "She was going back to Durmstrang to work," Septimus replied, "and that it was important work. That's what she said." "Indeed," conformed Snape, dropping his head a little, his hair brushing his shoulders. "Her work for the Ministry requires her to be away. And you are here. It is understandable that you were concerned for her welfare when you believed she was missing." Severus nodded. "And yet, she was fine." "But Dad – " he began, a little thought in his mind prodding Septimus to pay attention to the fact that Professor Snape knew he hadn't sent the letter he had written to his mum. "What you need to understand Septimus, is that, although she is not with you at the moment, although she is working, she has not abandoned you." Snape folded his arms and dropped his head. "What she does is of vital importance for the security of the country. I know you probably don't really understand but, without her there would be more fighting between wizards and non-wizards, for example." Septimus felt his hand tighten over the letter he had procrastinated about sending that was still in his pocket and, in the other, his hand gripped something else too. "Is there anything you need to tell me, Septimus?" Septimus felt his head drop. "I have this." Septimus opened his hand and showed Snape the floo powder that his mother had given him. "I know I shouldn't have it, that I shouldn't use it." Caelius had told him on may occasions about the security risks and problems that the Ministry faced by the illicit use of the floo network. "But mum said that, if I ever felt like I wanted to talk to her I could use it." He held it out towards Snape. When the headmaster did not take it, Septimus dropped his hand and looked at him. "Your mother clearly wished you to keep in contact with her," Professor Snape replied as Seprimus put the powder back into his pocket. "Though you may not use the powder, a non-wizard type that is banned. Why is it that you've delayed in sending the letter you have in your other pocket?" Septimus frowned. How could he know? "Er, well, er," he began, looking down. "I, er, just wanted to wait, you see, until we had some news about Dad." He stopped and watched as Professor Snape stood straight, away from his desk and circled back round. "I thought, if I gave her some news about Dad she might – " " – come back?" This time Septimus felt his mouth fell open. "Septimus Lupin," continued Snape, spearing an apple from his fruit bowl using what appeared to be a bird-headed letter-opener. He smiled as Septimus watched in amazement – the bird had flown from the end of the letter-opener and had begun to peck at the apple. "My phoenix. Many live in flames and ashes, but this magic of a different sort. This letter-opener came all the way from an island north of Finland. The Finns who live on Spitzbergen have spent years trying to keep themselves warm in their climate." Septimus watched, open-mouthed, as the tiny phoenix opened its mouth. A little jet of yellow-blue fire toasted a section of the fruit and the smell of toasted apple filled the air. "Marvellous, isn't it? I've found it very useful in melting the wax on my correspondence or, depending on the sender, the entire letter." Septimus smiled, though tried not to laugh too much. It was no wonder his mum was fascinated by magic, no wonder Julian thought it was "cool". "I have had the privilege of working with your mother for a number of years," Professor Snape went on, fussing the metallised phoenix as it made short work of the apple, toasting each section as it went. "What she has given you are things that no-one else could. She has given you life, Septimus, and opportunities. You can repay her by doing your best, studying hard, working well, being successful in whatever you do. Just because she is not at home in Edgeford does not mean she is not with you, inside, watching as you work, cheering with you when you get onto the quidditch team next year." Septimus looked at Snape in fascination. "Your mother is still with you even though her skills and talents have taken her away for a while. Now, look – " He approached Septimus and stood by his side. On the wall opposite them, where what looked like the faint outline of a door in the brickwork Professor Snape levelled his wand. "I am not sure if your uncle has any plans to take you to see your father," he said to Septimus, "he has not approached me to ask if you could be withdrawn. However…" Septimus watched as Snape circled hid wand slowly at the wrist before flicking it towards the wall. An image appeared, like a movie on the wall, appearing like a watercolour painting. As he watched he realised the picture on the wall was getting larger and closer to him, a dark image in which Septimus could just make out candles glowing in the darkness. As he got used to the darkness Septimus began to make out different features in the image. The outline of a bed appeared to the left, and on the right, set horizontally, another. As he peered closer he realised what he was looking at, or rather, who. "Dad!" Septimus reached his hand forward towards the left-hand bed, but his hand went through the image, resulting in a swipe. "The image you can see can't be touched," said Professor Snape, "nor can we interact with it. We are mere observers. However, as you have rightly observed, your father," he gestured to the left, "and Sirius Black." Septimus's head jerked to the right and he watched a short, plump woman, a Healer, Septimus knew, briskly approaching the bed, a white, folded sheet over her arm and a no-nonsense expression. He watched as she looked at Sirius first, wiping his brow before looking up to the drip which was feeding into his right arm. Taking a reading before pulling off his sheet and throwing over the other Septimus saw his body, inhaling sharply at the large, ugly bite across the stomach. "I've seen Mr. Black when I've been at the hospital," said Septimus, "and he always looked so peaceful. I…" "Did you know he was attacked by a werewolf?" Septimus looked at Professor Snape, then nodded. "There is a good chance that he will be fine." Septimus turned his head back to the image as he heard voices in the hospital, and nine tolls from the clock that resonated around the hospital. At the same time the school bell rang nine. Septimus kept his eyes on the Healer who was apparently talking to another about his father and listened intently. "…responding to treatment. The lycanthropy treatment that Severus Snape has provided may yet be yielding results. Mr. Black's blood pressure has risen steadily over the past twenty four hours…" Septimus turned to look at Professor Snape again, whose eyes were fixed on the picture. He looked back too. "…the dose…" The Healer who had brought a sheet for Sirius Black had turned to his father's bed, had changed his sheet too and was now looking at the canula on the back of Remus's hand. The second healer was looking at the chart too. "…he may have been lost days ago, had it not been for Mr. Snape's genius…" Septimus turned sharply to look at the Professor again. "They said your name…" "Would it help you to know that I have been asked to help with treatment for your father?" Septimus nodded. If there was a more intelligent wizard, a finer mind she didn't know it; what he didn't know wasn't worth knowing. Septimus heard his mother in his head, saying the words that she had done almost a fortnight ago to him, and on several occasions before. To know that his fine mind had been put to Septimus's deepest worry was comforting. "Now," said Professor Snape, turning his wrist before flicking it again, the image disappearing as it had appeared, "I think you could find room at the bottom of the letter in your pocket to add a few more things. I know your mum would really appreciate hearing from you." 88888888 A shower of rain and three Reciprocators had ducked into a bus shelter. Their night, although long, had stretched into the morning. So many isolated incidents, being called all over the country to support the Aurors or one another. Bathsheba Braddle had arrested, stunned and stupefied eight Conjurists who had chosen to break into, or just break the windows of, non-wizard businesses, houses and, at Anfield, the windows of the football club. It had been tiring, keeping the peace, defending property and walking the street. "I feel like my feet are about to fall off!" Nymphadora Tonks pulled off one shoe, and then the other, rubbing them in turn. "Do you know I had to petrify a nutter on the top of the Angel of the North to get him down – Merlin knows what he was trying to do." She leaned back against the glass, sighing. "Jeeson said there'd been a few fires lit in the suburb behind; no-one knew who'd lit them but there were some non-wizards out shouting about wizards doing it. "It was the same in Cornwall," agreed Kingsley. "Looe, Fowey and Mevagissey have lost their tourists now but still there were conjurists targeting guesthouses and souvenir shops. I caught one hiding in a fish-bait shop. They'll be smelling him at the Ministry long after Seatoller's finished questioning him, I shouldn't wonder." "That'll teach him for being so keen," replied Tonks. "Ah, that's better." Bathsheba looked down. Instead of changing her shoes, as she would have done, Tonks had changed her feet to a slightly smaller version of her own. "Good thinking," she nodded, approvingly. "How are you, Tonks? It's been ages since you've been out on a job." "Very well, 'Sheba," Tonks nodded, "a while, I know. It's good to be out." "And how's Nick, your beloved?" asked Kingsley, in his inimitable style. "And dear Freya?" "Both good," she nodded, her tone changing to one of guarded caution. "Nick's a manager now; heaven knows how that happened…Freya," she paused, "is on the right tracks at last. She's working in a café at the moment, brining in some cash for herself. She wants to work with animals; I know that she's been looking into a course about veterinary care – working for a vet would suit her, I think, so she's saving up." "Is she still seeing Dudley Black?" asked Bathsheba. Tonks nodded. "But…I think it upset her that Cecilia wasn't in touch with her. I hoped she wouldn't go off the rails again – I'm just hoping that it's what she did as a teenager and she's grown out of it." They looked down the road. Cars were passing now, on their way to work; people were on the street with briefcases and bags, on their way to work and school. "I can't wait to get back to HQ," said Kingsley, looking the other way to where the traffic lights at a busy junction had changed. Cars began to make their way down the dual carriageway, picking up speed as they passed the bus shelter. "A bacon buttie made by Molly Weasley – perfection." "I expect we should be going," agreed Bathsheba, "we've got plenty of witness statements to submit; I think you did the best out of all of us, Tonks," she nodded. "Let's get walking," said Kingsley as a bus approached the stop. Bathsheba looked up. The weather was good that morning. A walk would be good to clear the mind before returning to the Ministry. Besides, Grimmauld Place wasn't far, something she pointed out to Tonks as she complained that they could have disapparated. "Henrietta," said Bathsheba as they went. "Has really no-one heard from her?" Tonks and Kingsley both shook their heads. "I mean, it's not like Tabs's situation," she added. "I've been expecting Hen to breeze in all summer," agreed Kingsley as they turned a corner into an estate of smart, Georgian terraces. "Does she even know about Sirius?" said Tonks as they approached Grimmauld Place. "I mean, she was in Strasbourg before they got attacked. "I'm sure Caelius has it all in hand," said Kingsley, looking to the numbers on the houses. "6…8…10…14…here we are." They looked in unison to the houses. Kingsley closed his eyes and before them 12, Grimmauld Place slid out between 10 and 14. They climbed the steps and Kingsley opened the door by levelling his wand at the latch. As he pushed open the door the smell of bacon wafted down the hall. They all inhaled at the delicious smell. "Good old Molly," agreed Tonks as they made their way to the kitchen. 88888888 It was late at night. The feeling that he needed to get back to Septimus at the cottage was a hard one for Caelius Lupin to shake. Always leaving him, always under the security spell. It was a wonder that, in his care, the boy had remained as normal as he had done. The chair upon which Caelius was sitting creaked under his weight as he shifted on it, running his fingers agitatedly through his long, hair. Remus seemed to be getting worse. Despite the specialist care, despite the hope he had in Snape, Remus was still lying there, as ill as he had looked on that fateful day when he had been brought in. His care was second-to-none here. The Healer assigned to both him and Sirius seemed to be more than capable, and was keen to look further than existing remedies and potions to keep themselves comfortable. But now, looking at his dear brother's face, peaceful in its unanimity, stomach-churningly still, he wondered how long it would be until something happened. He closed his eyes, but not for the restful escape of sleep. The argument he and Snape had had a few days before replayed itself in his mind… …Snape accused Caelius of lying, or rather, concealing the truth over one aspect in the role they had shared…he had wondered aloud how much else Caelius had manipulated or kept from him… …Caelius had, in turn, accused Snape of not getting potion to Remus quickly enough… He opened his eyes. The pragmatist in him knew that potions had to be tried and tested, researched and investigated to be effective; there would be no point hurrying something if it did nothing or, worse still, made his brother worse…that said, Caelius could no more champion Remus's health than the tides could stop ebbing and flowing…why could the solution not be given quicker? It was not as if Snape didn't have access to the Romanian expert in vampirism… Caelius reached down for Remus's hand as the Healer came to top up his drip before turning to Sirius, changing his too before taking his pulse and recording it on a clipboard hanging by his bed. She had not done the same for Remus…had the Healer given up hope? All urges to run after her and question her actions Caelius managed to suppress – just. He looked back at Remus. Never when he had accepted the role from Aberforth Dumbledore did he think it would come to this. Would it have been the same for his predecessor? Was it despite or because of his involvement with government that such a situation were to have occurred? Would they both be lying there like this if Aberforth was still alive? Would he have handled things differently? Undoubtedly so. But what gave Caelius hollow comfort as Head of the Reciprocators was that the force or forces from beyond the borders of the country which were so effective, rolling fast and efficiently between conjurists, co-ordinating attack after attack, were being challenged at last. It wasn't Britain alone. And one pattern seemed to be in common: for those attacks which appeared to be organised in some way (rather than being wizards who had had too much to drink and thought they would make trouble under the umbrella of Conjurism) was that it was just their property which was being targeted. Why were those with no magic being spared the ire and hatred of these extremists? What was really going on? And then there was the sign, the "C" within a "c". So like the sign of the Auld Magic, a circle within a circle. Even felt that he could empathise with the conjurists when they based their beliefs on tacit tenets entrenched in wizardry since the dawn of time. "…do you not feel one iota of guilt and shame of what that boy has gone through at your hand?" He heard Snape's voice ringing in his ears as their replayed argument continued in his mind. "She did her duty; what she had to do, what she wanted to do." "I doubt she wanted to be away from her son. In fact, isn't he the very reason she returned?" "It is for her son, for the sake of our world that sacrifices have to be made." Surely Snape had to see that. "They do, but sometimes you presume too much on people's good nature and bend their weaknesses against them." They had been allies at first, back to when he had perfected the wolfsbane potion that not only eased symptoms but limited them for good with one dose. Now, after all that had passed between them in recent months, quite the opposite could be said of Severus Snape and Caelius Lupin. An air of mistrust and uncertainty between them, an atmosphere in which they both operated. "It was not I who cut off Cecilia's only correspondence so cruelly. Have you made the potion she sent you the instructions for?" "I have not, for it was incomplete. A waste of time and effort when there are more important things which need to be done." He held out his hand, gesturing towards Caelius. "But that does not justify your treatment of Cecilia." Caelius remembered pausing, his words hovering on his lips. Unspoken, they were still conveyed to Severus Snape's mind, paraphrased perhaps, but with none of their meaning lost. "She is still married to my brother, Snape," Caelius had said at length. "My brother is not yet dead." Snape said nothing and jerked his head in an awkward nod before reaching into his robe and pulling out a green vial. "The next dose of antidote. See that your brother gets it." Caelius had given it to the Healer as he had arrived that evening, and he presumed she had used it in his replacement drip. "Sirius needs this; you'll recognise it, Caelius. Though he has a better prognosis he is not yet conscious and, even when he is, the poison will still be in his system." As it was in his, Caelius mused. The wolfsbane potion, even the modified version that seemed to be helping Sirius did not clear all of the symptoms. "Besides, he may indeed have a relapse before he can be treated to any great extent." Unlike Remus, thought Caelius grimly, who had little hope. They both knew it, but neither uttered the words. Just how much Snape might have wanted such a thing to happen he could but speculate and even for speculation he had precious little time. What was keeping his brilliant mind from allowing them to recover? Was it simply limitations in terms of time and availability of ingredients? Was he, Caelius, indeed hoping for the impossible? "Do you remember what Aberforth said to both of us?" Snape had asked, but Caelius had refused to acknowledge his question. "My regards," Caelius had replied, and withdrew his wand from its offensive posture. "Good evening," he'd added. Seconds later a cloud of green smoke coiled from where the wizard had been standing as Caelius Lupin had disapparated. "Mr. Lupin…Mr. Lupin…" From his thoughts Caelius had been pulled by a healer. He looked around, blinking in the semi-darkness. The healer was not Remus's and he looked at him, frowning a little. "Good news, good news indeed!" Instinctively Caelius looked at his brother, but the healer pointed to where Remus's and Sirius's healer was, moving and rushing about. And from the bed the sheets twitched. "Mr Lupin," said the healer again. "Sirius Black…he's awake!" 88888888
88888888 The month wore on and the September nights were getting longer and days shorter. Soon it would be October, a time for celebration in the wizard world. Cecilia looked out of her window at the sky, filled with cloud, low level and, as they skitted along below her, every so often dispersing and reforming so the waves below crashing against Durmstrang's castle-tower foundations could be glimpsed. It was so much colder here. Cecilia, who had never been one for cold weather, had taken to her winter clothing and would not be seen without a thick jumper and at least two pairs of socks. It didn't help that the windows to the Institute were barred with wooden shutters and she had moved her bed to the corner of the room, as far away from it as possible. She looked down. Perhaps she should make an effort to lose herself in some sort of research here again. With nothing to occupy her mind Cecilia was convinced she could feel the inhospitable conditions here more acutely. Before, she had given her mind over to a cure for lycanthropy, even though it existed here, because her mind could not leave behind the potion she had been developing for Remus in the Other World, the one that she had come through from all those years ago, nor could she ignore the other potion, the one for Harry, even though they were completely irrelevant and redundant here. The third, for which she had officially been at Durmstrang, commonality between wizards and non-wizards she had long ago vowed she would never touch again. She looked into the newly-ashen fire, the fuel having burned out a few hours ago and sighed. It would be a good few hours more before an elf came to refill it. How could someone survive here? How had she, for nearly 2 years? But she had. So different the Institute was compared to Hedgewards that it was, Durmstrang had its own flavour. Torches illuminated the corridors and classrooms; students wore suitably insulating clothing made of a variety of animal products, heavy velvets and dense cottons, dressed identically with no differentiation for house, for there was no such system here. They were focused in their work; they had to be: a parent who would send their child to Durmstrang would have to see them pass rigorous academic tests designed to stretch their capabilities to the limit. Failure was not an option either; all students worked feverishly, completing work independently, fighting for space in the cramped library as early as five in the morning, choosing their lessons carefully around the availability of their staff. And if the students were dedicated it was nothing compared with the teachers. Many were not seen from one week to the next, working feverishly on their current research and often having to be reminded that they needed to teach lessons and getting put out at having to leave their work. One teacher Cecilia hadn't seen for the first fifteen months of her being there and only saw him because he was being carried out of his classroom on a stretcher by two elves, apparently having fainted from malnutrition and dehydration. It was no wonder she was sent there by Caelius – she fitted in perfectly. Cecilia made her way over to her bed and, fully clothed, got in. This time it was different. Now she was here and she was going to spy, as she had been instructed to before, on the research of the teachers there, she would put her mind to a measure of espionage. It was something she had to do if it were to keep her mind off Septimus and Remus, for arguing about her lot was, of course, futile. This time it was different, she was in control. And that she and Ragnhild were able to talk, both professionally and a little personally was what she needed now that she wasn't deliberately cutting herself off from everyone and everything out of spite. She had a liking for Professor Andersson professionally, she was talented and dedicated, and she cared deeply for her daughter's wellbeing and happiness. Unpopularly she had held out for Crystallia to attend Hedgewards and worked on two research areas on order for her, and her non-wizard husband to afford the school fees and to live for, as a non-wizard, he was virtually unemployable in the wizard world and spent his time fishing for a living around Iceland's coast. For everything that Durmstrang stood for represented fundamentalism of magic, the boiling down of magical talent to its basics, and Felix Felixssohn, the wizard from whom she had borrowed "The Art of the Wize" from and made a pair of copies, was turning out to be the figurehead that had brought it all together. Magic was dominant, and reason and scientific rigour applied. Though she didn't know what entirely Caelius wanted her to spy for, or on whom, she guessed that keeping an eye on Felixssohn wouldn't be far from the mark and she had written some preliminary information down and sent it via a secure owl that her brother-in-law had organised for the purpose to him. Cecilia had even taught two lessons on her supposed subject area of magically-relevant science. The students, unlike those from Hedgewards, and Hogwarts before, sat in silence bar the scratching of quill on parchment, wrapt in her discourse on basic genetics before scuttling off, questionless, to complete an assignment she had set. This at least tied in with Ragnhild's line of research, namely the prevalence of redheads in magical communities and whether redheads of all cultures were predisposed to magic. Ragnhild, in turn, was delighted to be working with someone who had previously "worked for Severus Snape." Cecilia had not corrected her, though the words "with Severus Snape," were ready at hand whenever the woman mentioned it, which she did frequently. It had been another conversation with the Truthteller witch that Cecilia had guessed at another reason that Caelius had returned her so readily. The conjurist and conjurist sympathisers put a lot of store in the dates of 30th October,30th April, when, supposedly, time was at its thinnest. Ragnhild had explained that Halloween was a day to not be scared, when wizards dressed up because of the next days, 31st October and 1st May, to frighten all of the monsters back into the dimensions, Conurists believed Auld Magic worked best on 30th October and it had been supported by Felixssohn's empirical evidence where he had measured the energy levels of tens of thousands of spells a month before and a month after both 30th October and 30th April, confirming that those cast on these dates were easiest to perform and most likely to be successful. And she already felt her role as spy was coming to an end: Felixssohn had published "The Art of the Wize" for the European market and written in English. How close it was to the original manuscrips from which she had made two meticulous copies Cecilia was not certain but she did feel that the effort she had gone to procuring the information for Caelius had been somewhat wasted. In addition it was a core text for all Durmstrang students and she remembered in the early days children wandering about the school, books tucked under arms, one of which being Felixssohn's. How long would it be until Hedgewards students had copies of the same? The Daily Prophet, one outside publication that was available here via owl delivery (copy of which she had picked up having been left behind by a student) spoke about the education system in Britain being "worryingly compromised" in their admission of non-wizards, accusing the government of twisting the facts about the benefits of inclusion, about how the accommodation of such students would affect the education of all of the students at Hedgewards and the problems the wizards and non wizards would face, for they would not mixing… Cecilia had rolled her eyes: traditional non-wizard schools had never had a problem accommodating wizards who chose to attend those schools, and all primary schools took a mixture of both. It wasn't as if children from both heritages had never met one another before. Cecilia looked at the fire, which was dim and dull and into which she had tossed the "Prophet" once she had read it. The grate had crackled as it consumed its fuel and, for a moment, Cecilia had wondered who was trying to contact her. She'd blinked, and turned away when the flames betrayed the copper salt which must have been used to treat the newspaper, for the greenish tinge must have come from the "Prophet" as there was no floo network connection at Durmstrang. Neither indeed were pensieves permitted. The idea of such was looked down upon by the teachers as well as the students as being a waste of time and a compromise to their time which could otherwise be spent working and improving their grades. Such was the fear of failure…Cecilia could understand Ragnhild's point of view; the pressure was almost oppressive, cruel even; so much so that she didn't want her own daughter here. The place was full of contradictions: the staff embarked on work which was at the cutting edge of research as diverse as wand lore and the use of magic in theatre whilst still maintaining an exclusive and oppressive wizard ethos; no modern magical technology was permitted and yet the students were expected to be able to floo in the outside world and, more recently, use portable pensieves; the school ran as a sort of collective where the progress and outcomes were determined – in all the time she had been there she had never seen the headmaster, let alone knew who he was. The research was transient too; Ragnhild often bemoaned the fact that ultimately her work was pointless and in vain because, apart from her findings being published internally for use by staff for further research it would be read by precisely no-one outside the tall walls of Durmstrang. Even the research-staff, ranging from a wizard with clearly elf heritage, Ragnhild herself, a Truthteller (and as such mistrusted and shunned in the wizard world), and the rumour that the member of staff in charge of plants and herbology had traits akin to the carnivorous plants that he studied all these were overlooked in the name of pure academic pursuit. Even her own thinly veiled background as a non-wizard had probably been guessed at, and yet, as long as she produced research that could be used by others in the future no-one cared. Yet the privacy and exclusivity of what went on here was fiercely defended, even by Professor Andersson; under no circumstances would they, as a school, endorse international academic co-operation. Should anyone discovered that Cecilia had disclosed the information that she had to Caelius, and Severus too, it would be more of a disgrace than the whole school discovering she was a non-wizard. So many incongruities. And yet, with a Durmstrang education the students here who emerged aged seventeen blinking into the warm sunlight they had a pick of careers with companies and the government queuing up to offer them a position. Cecilia got to her feet. Perhaps now would be a good time to make herself available to the students. There was never a fear she wouldn't have some in her classroom for someone would need to understand the basics of genetics, but really her desire to teach was more to escape the fear that was looming over there, out of reach in her mind but hanging there, like a stormcloud. Teaching would put her feelings about her situation and her betrayal by Caelius out of her immediate thoughts. As she opened the door to her room Cecilia was met by the chill that was ever-present in the corridor, its narrow girth bordered on the outside by large windows open fully to the seascape around them and whatever the current weather happened to be. Even though it was sunny outside the wind whipped along, chilling her and she pulled round her the white velvet teacher's cape which was probably the only thing that really did keep out the cold. On the stairs she passed Ragnhild's research room. Bent over her dishes Cecilia could not help wondering how close the image of the witch, so focused on her work that she could work up to thirty hours at a time without a break, was to herself when she was so absorbed in her research. It was no wonder that Dobby would scold her, in his unique, subservient manner. "Oh, Dobby!" exclaimed Cecilia under her breath as she watched Raghhild pick up a small vial out of which she drew with a syringe a small sample before adding it to another. "If only you could see me now!" Ragnhild then shook the mixture before opening it and pouring it onto the gel plate. A DNA analysis. Genetic research, Cecilia knew. Her friend's research focused on the prevalence of wizard redheads, statistically disproportionate in all cultures and societies across the world, even in countries where this traditional Scandinavian colouring was unheard of. She had spoken to Cecilia about it: the fact that redheads were sensitive both emotionally and physically, burning at the mere forecast of a sunny day, intolerances and allergies, eczema and asthma; sensitive to bright lights and loud noises being more than a touch irritating. All documented in non-wizard genetics work and yet, as wizards, redheads had the ability in magical communities to be able to empathise with other wizards making them excellent diplomats. At the moment, Cecilia knew, Ragnhild was on the long path of trying to establish exactly what gene was involved in empathic abilities. Cecilia turned away and began to make her way down the deep, narrow spiral staircase again, past Felixssohn's door, which was usually bolted shut. She paused, thinking about his contribution to wizard academia. "The Art of the Wize", by Felix Felixssohn, that was what the publication was called, now it had been published in wizard bookshops, sitting next to the history books that his ancestors had written. They were history now; Mendel Felixssohn, his great-great-grandfather, author of The Mythe of the Aulde Magicke and its Use, Vol. 3" and contemporary of Joseph Black, the champion of wizard-non-wizard collaboration and a supporter of Black, would be turning in his grave. That he had once described Britain as a land with no magic was probably true; he was Norwegian, where the idea of magic had been unfettered by change for centuries, but it was hard to look at magic, as an outsider that Ccilia was, and separate auld mafic from it, so part of wizards' lives that it was in spells, rituals, convention, even the languaged used. How people could think that wizardry could be brought back to Auld Magic when it was so different to their lives now was just fooling themselves. Besides, Cecilia thought as she continued downwards, the changes in wizards and non-wizards genetically over the centuries probably meant that the pursuit of Auld Magic in its historical, in-harmony-with-the-earth-and-nature sense that Conjurists purported to desire, meant that it was ultimately futile, which was probably why Joseph Black's idea of reciprocation between wizards and non-wizards had readily been accepted here. The murmur of students milling about below brought Cecilia out of her thoughts. In the entrance hall, which originally was on the ground but had been raised up from sea level with the school's ever-increasing library, small groups of students huddled together at the sight of her whispering and giving her hopeful looks. So rare was the appearance of a teacher other than in their classroom a hubbub rose. So different here to Hedgewards Cecilia thought as she crossed the atrium and headed towards the corridor that led to the classrooms. Behind her, an expectant group of students began to follow her, fifteen, twenty, following her in the hope that she would be teaching that afternoon. Cecilia remembered when she'd taught her first lesson at Hogwarts, fifteen-year-old Harry Potter in the class, then teaching him in the evenings about genetics, something that the young students were now following her for, demanding her time, so unlike the reluctant Harry. You could see why teachers stopped here, year after year, decade after decade, teaching students who not only wanted to be taught but demanded it. You felt proud of your work, you felt important. Even the craziest teacher at Durmstrang who believed that Napoleon was a myth and aliens darted around the universe in ships powered by Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans was listened to with reverence. And yet, even here some history was different. By pushing collaboration Joseph Black had secured fortuitous gains for society at the end of the eighteenth century for western civilisation because it meant as industry and wealth grew helped by the use of magic rather than determined individuals linking things up together in other ways. Engineering, for example, had not been as big, for there was little need to cross Britain so quickly, so railways had to wait another eighty years before non-wizards wanted to travel across the country quickly like wizards could on their brooms, with floo powder or by disapparating When the students were seated Cecilia began her lesson, the next one along in sequence to mitochondrial action in her list of things to teach. As she launched into her discourse into the role of RNA in protein synthesis Cecilia's work with Harry – the old Harry, in the other dimension – she recalled how she had incorporated parental love, namely Lily Potter's for her son as a physical thing, something which could be measured, recorded and observed in Harry, with a view to developing his potion. Even now, thinking about that at the back of her mind as the students before her scratched out the notes she had etched on the blackboard behind her copied them furiously, it seemed so remote, like a story she had once read. Perhaps she had now, finally, got the Old Place out of her system, just as she had been on the brink of getting to the bottom of Harry's potion. 88888888 In another school, as dissimilar an academic institution as the former described, a first year lesson about history was being given. Septimus tried to stifle a yawn and had to use all his effort to stop himself from falling asleep on the desk. He blinked, glancing at Julian who was appearing to be wrapt in the topic that the ghost-teacher Professor Binns was giving but was in fact drawing the detail of the stained-glass window that could be seen translucently through his body. It wasn't as if what the teacher was talking about wasn't interesting – his first lesson seemed to be quite interesting, about wizards who fought on the side of Henry V in return for his help against their persecution by the French. Wizard and non-wizard history together, as Uncle Kay had told him. But that had been Wednesday. It was now the following Monday and the Professor had continued with the Hundred Years' War, year by year, in agonising detail. He'd only got to 1435 in this lesson, which meant that there was at least another week of it to go. Fixing his eyes on his parchment and realising he had written precisely nothing that lesson he took up his quill, trying to focus on what Professor Binns was saying. But it was hard to concentrate on a teacher when his voice was so monotonous so instead he wrote down what he knew about the Hundred Years' War. "It lasted 100 years," Septimus wrote, before looking at his own untidy writing. That didn't seem right. These things didn't usually happen neatly, like a hundred years. He crossed it out, before holding up his quill. And "History of Magic/History" had had such a promising start. Professor Binns had talked animatedly (or as animatedly as a ghost could) about the History of Hedgewards and how, as some of those people before him were from non-wizard heritage, it was a momentous time in the history of the school. Behind him, a huge book on a lectern had turned over a page by itself, a quill rose and had begun to write as the Professor had spoken, recording what he had said. Septimus looked at the book now, its early pages, near the bottom by the cover-section on the right hand side looked brown and frail and Septimus wondered if the book had actually sat there, day after day, year after year, recording events as they happened. Binns had mentioned Auld Magic too, and had explained that it was the origin of modern spells and magic, words which had the right rhythm to work in pre-history, to live in harmony with nature and channel its gifts to make their lives more comfortable. "That's my research area," he'd declared, before beginning with his long speech beginning with the expulsion of all wizards and witches from France in 1366, who the French had blamed for the plague. "It's all very interesting," Septimus had said, on the evening of their first history lesson as they'd made their way towards the quidditch pitch to watch the first of the friendlies – Hufflepuff versus Gryffindor. "But Auld Magic – that's what the Conjurists believe in," he'd added to Julian uncertainly as they'd pushed their way, with other students in a general hubbub of excitement in what looked to be a close match, despite its status as a warm-up match "But it's wrong, isn't it?" asked Julian, "to talk about Conjurists? Won't Binns get into trouble for talking about Auld Magic?" Septimus had shrugged. "It's the first year Hedgewards teachers have to do research," Septimus replied, nudging Julian as Rufus Lestrange headed in their direction, "Uncle Kay said it was to strengthen international relations. Professor Snape's research is into diseases; Professor Longbottom's mad on plants – " " – he's great," nodded Julian, "I wish we'd had him in the summer – he could have told us what that yellow and red flower we found on Old Tarn was – " "Yeah," Septimus had nodded in agreement, thinking about their Herbology/Plant Biology Professor who had started their first lesson by taking cuttings of deadly nightshade that they were going to graft with a plant which slowed down the heart rate, to see the effect of the second generation plants on frogs. "But Durmstrang won't talk to Hedgewards," he'd added. Just as Julian had been about to ask Septimus why when a girl pushed her way between them and out of the main entrance doors. "Wasn't that – " "Ariella?" Septimus nodded. "Better keep out of the way, or else – " "Or else what?" Behind them, as they turned quickly at the loud, mocking voice, Fraser Blewitt stood over them. "Do you, know why Ariella was upset?" He turned accusingly to Julian, "do you?" he asked, this time, of Septimus. Both of them shook their heads. "Well, something's upset her." To one side Septimus saw that Blewitt was being followed by Darren Black and another boy with the rather unfortunate name of Wilbur Whimsy who had been at his non-wizard primary school and had had to put up with the annoyance of being asked day after day to turn their teacher into a frog. "It wasn't us," Septimus said, and not for the first time she felt rather sorry for the girl at having such a boy as her brother. But instead of stepping past them, as Septimus had thought that he would have, in order to find and comfort his sister Blewitt remained staring at them. "And what's this about Auld Magic?" "What?" asked Julian. "You were talking about it. Tut tut," Blewitt added, shaking his head mockingly. "I think your head of house should know that two of her students were talking about a banned subject." "How can it be banned if Professor Binns had told us about it? Ask Ariella; she was there." Septimus nudged him sharply, ignoring his friend's look of mild indignation. "Careful," Septimus had added, talking in the dark look that had descended on the older boy's face. "And what were you doing in Binns's class? Levitation?" He began to stalk round them both, stating, at first, Septimus and then, Julian. "No, but I can use technology," replied Julian boldly. "See? A crane?" He angled his arm as if to lift up something that was heavy. "Or a gun?" As he was about to pull out of his pocket an imaginary gun. Immediately Fraser Blewitt had pulled out his wand. "Leave her alone, Blewitt," Septimus had heard a voice say as he'd felt his body tense. It was never god when a wizard held his wand out in your direction, even if they were at school. It was Sam Potter. He then turned to Darren Black and Wilbur Whimsy. "On your way to the match, lads?" Slowly, with little enthusiasm, both boys nodded. "Well, you can come with me," said Sam, waiting silently for Blewitt to lower his wand and, when once he'd done that in stony silence their head of house, their head of house stepped between Harry and Julian, taking both boys around the shoulders momentarily. "I'm the seeker tonight. Probably why we'll end up losing …but rules are rules, and I can't be a beater." Septimus had thought about the first match he'd seen at Hedgewards, and his growing desire to be a part of the team." As Sam stepped by, Fraser Bleweitt was just lowering his arm and Septimus noticed something on the older boy's arm. He realised that it was the same as the symbols that had been daubed, much to Caelius's annoyance, on the walls of Platform 8 and three-eighths. Conjurists, Septimus knew. But why would anyone want the dangerous symbol of Conjurism on his arm? "And you're into sport as well," said Sam to Darren, who said nothing, but glowered silently. Behind him, however, a voice had called out. "Oh, me too!" behind Wilbur Wimsy appeared, unmistakeably, the curly hair giving it away somewhat. "My mum's the minister for sport," he continued, pushing his way through between Darren and Wilbur, who pushed him back as he jostled them. "I can't wait for the match…" Victory, the present-moment Septimus thought, as Professor Binns continued with his discourse about King Henry VI, who was declared mad by his doctors because he claimed to be able to change objects into different ones, a trait of a person with a small amount of magic. And he was glad no-one had chosen to make an issue of the word, "freak!" being yelled in their direction. Julian, who had been suffering from a bit of a cold had simply grinned at Septimus, assuming that the word was meant for him. Now, looking across at his friend's work he was delighted to see Julian had covered his page with mediaeval architecture that was the window frames surrounding the stain glass he noticed the words," Joan of Arc" written on his book. Now that was interesting, and perhaps a little ironic. She had been on the side of those wishing to eliminate all wizards from France and was then accused of witchcraft herself, for which she had been burned at the stake. As the lesson drew to a close and the mass living coma that was all of the students in the room lifted; people stretched, read their work, puzzled over their notes, or rather a lack of them. "Twenty inches, or two hundred words," he'd added, "for those who wish to submit their work in non-wizard measurements, on the Lancastrian part of the "Hundred Years' War" and how wizards and witches were involved in the official version of the story… Instead of checking his work, which he knew would be sparse in detail, Septimus put his hand in his pocket, a bolt of joy running through him as he felt Uncle Kay's letter that he'd received five days ago. Though he knew it word for word Septimus opened it anyway and read through it. Sirius was awake, he read, skimming over his uncle's words, there's hope for your father. Hope for his father. "Hey, what're you grinning at? I saw you making notes." Julian looked down at Septimus's work. "Not many, by the look of it." "Well, there's some. We're not in art!", Septimus replied, with equal jocularity. "Ha!" Julian looked back at his own work. "And I misdrew a few bricks. I think that was when he started to walk about a bit." Julian folded his own attempt at notes into four and shoved it into his robe pocket. "Not that it'll be any use for the homework. Come on," he added, looking at the door, "we don't want to be round here when it's quidditch tonight." Another friendly, Gryffindor, who had technically won their friendly against Hufflepuff, and Ravenclaw. As they made their way down the corridor Septimus's hand drifted to his pocket and he tapped it momentarily, wondering if his mum knew, or even if she'd got his letter to her yet. Septimus smiled as they rounded the corner which led to the staircase that led to the Gryffindor common room, hearing Julian sneeze and cough, a cold coming, probably, Julian commnted, as he told him about the how he thinks different rocks might be influenced by magic. As they got to the common room door, Julian dealt with the Fat Lady and, moments later, they were crossing the common room before climbing the stairs which led to the dorm so they could changed. No matter how much he got on with his friend he felt Julian's words taking a back seat as his mind was speculating on the news. Not that he could do much about it. But the simple fact that Caelius had bothered to tell him made Septimus delighted and filled him with hope. Sirius was awake. There was hope for his father.
88888888 Down past the level of the basement Cecilia stepped, past the entrance to Durmstrang, the door from the hall's entrance that led outside in a spiral around the lower part of the tower, past the door that led to the kitchens. Below the human living space of the school was the owlery where the post arrived, shaken from the legs of birds and collected up by a small team of elves, sorted into batches according to addressee before being delivered. Few people came down here; the smell was outrageous and the steps so dimly lit that you could easily trip and tumble fifty feet to your doom. As the thought crossed her mind Cecilia trailed her left hand on the central stair column that supported the spiral steps in their helix. But it was worth it. Three weeks into September and, much to the chagrin of an elf who had been sorting out letters for surnames A-F, Cecilia had grabbed the pile, leafing through them before realising she needed to be harassing the elf sorting letters to people with surnames G-L. One letter, a letter which made her heart quicken at the small letters which had been unmistakably written by her son. Cecilia moved to the window, allowing the mid-afternoon autumn sunlight illuminate the envelope and she sat on the small sill, blocking the access of several owls who, squawking their indignation, fluttered noisily to another entrance so as to rid themselves of their burdens, in some cases rather heavy. Septimus. Her darling boy. A tear pricked each eye as Cecilia pictured his face, pictured where he would be, perhaps in the common room, perhaps in the library at Hedgewards, telling her about his time there. …he had arrived safely…he was in Gryffindor…Cecilia read the words again – that would please his father, for it had been his house too – she read on…the Sorting Hat hadn't Sorted them; they had been told to choose…so he'd chosen Gryffindor…so had Julian…she smiled, picturing the weight which must have lifted from little Tim's shoulders; she knew he'd worried, though he'd not said… …reading on she discovered he liked most of his lessons and liked it at Hedgewards, so it seemed in the letter…and his elation had grown at the end as Cecilia's heart quickened when he talked about "great news"…Sirius was getting…she read the sentence again, the hope descending into her stomach, fading…Sirius…getting better… Cecilia closed the letter and held it close to her chest. Sirius was getting better. She looked out of the window, at the dull line of clouds that skimmed the edge of the visible atmosphere. Well, that was something, she supposed. If he did come round he might be able to shed some light on what had happened to them both, and then Severus could take this into account in his treatment… …it just seemed so…insignificant. The last time she had looked out on the same seascape she had been commandeering a captainless boat, sailing to Britain where the Lupin family, catalysed by her and Remus's reunion and mutual pledge to one another in June, were to live together in peace and health. The last thing Cecilia had betted on, as she'd drifted off to sleep in his arms, was that she would be back here at Durmstrang three months later, their family trisected in such a manner. A bird narrowly missed the right-hand side of her face and, with a measure of wisdom Cecilia got to her feet so as to make her way back up the stairs again. She'd had a letter from Septimus; he was enjoying quidditch and, as was reflected in his manner, he'd made no mention of the fact that she had gone back to Durmstrang. Her feet pounded the stone stairs as she ascended, knowing that deep down he must be upset. "Thank you," she said to her son, present by proxy in the best Basildon Bond. She could tell that he disliked her being away, but practically there was little difference here to home. Except that she could not see Remus when she liked. "And you, Severus." For there was hope for her husband now. At the top of the stairs, though a thick oak door Cecilia stepped out into the entrance hall. Before her students were milling around, analysing the staff lesson timetable that was scrolling above the Main Hall's archway, that led to the school's rarely-used dining room. A few caught her eye as she closed the door and a hubbub grew; students whispered behind their hands; others scuttled over to their friends and pointed. It wasn't nefarious – the students saw staff cross the atrium so infrequently that her appearance had caused excitement. Was she about to give a lecture? Who would it be called for? Had she marked work and was about to return it? Crossing the floor the students shoaled around her like a family of sardines, following her in bunches as she headed to the staircase that led to the teachers' quarters, noise pocketing around the individual groups of students of different ages, low and furtive. As she got to the stairs Cecilia turned and looked at them. A sea of faces looked back, expressions of hope and expectation across each one. As she turned back to go back up the stairs the muted chattering rose in volume. And above the noise a voice called out, "Lupin! Are your lessons today? Lupin!" When she didn't turn back and instead placed a foot on the first step the voice got louder and more insistent. "Lupin! Mrs Lupin! We would know whether you are teaching today!" Cecilia turned back, scanning the faces of students who had now fallen silent. To address teachers directly regarding their lesson schedules was unheard of (it was traditional however to use just the surname of their member of staff). Whoever was shouting at her was overstepping protocol. Then she spotted him, a student that she had taught before. Einar Solheim, a fifth year Norwegian student, dedicated and brilliant, was staring back at her. "Not today, Einar." She turned to go again but noticed that the boy had pushed past a group of girls, an insistent look on his face. "Then when? Excuse me for speaking out of turn," he continued, as his line-crossing was being commented on by the other students who were now fixed to the spot in their effort to make sure that they themselves weren't implicated in this improper behaviour. "It's just that we need genetics in order to graduate with our EWLs. There is no other teacher who can teach this to us, and we need to learn it." About to fire back a retort about speaking up Cecilia caught his eye. Commitment was in his expression and, in the boy's eyes, resolution. He was right. In the last ten years no-one could pass any of their science-related Extraordinary Wizarding Levels without being able to understand the foundation of genetics. She sighed. "Not today, Einar," she repeated, a softer tone to her voice, "tomorrow." She looked at the whole group of students; they all needed to know what she was required to teach, right from the first years. Cecilia smiled at these far younger students and nodded. She was needed, clearly, and for the first time she actually felt needed here at Durmstrang. Turning again she made her way up the staff quarters' stairs, this time not called back. She needed to speak to Ragnhild, talk to someone, and seeing as Professor Andersson was the only person who she spoke to here, she would speak to her. Coughing, Cecilia slowed her ascent up the stairs. The cough had been annoying her since she arrived back – at first she put it down to a virus, probably picked up at the station, but it hadn't left her yet. The door of Ragnhild's room was open and Cecilia peered inside, sagging a little. She had been so keen to speak to her friend that her absence made her feel a little empty – Sirius had made progress and she needed to share and reinforce her hope that Remus wouldn't take long to follow. Sinking down on the step with her back to Ragnhild's open door she stared at the large blocks of stone that curved diagonally that made up the centre of the spiral staircase. If only she knew more about Remus; if only she could be there, talk to him, hold his hand like a wife should. A small furnace of anger was stirred in the stomach as she recalled how Caelius had blamed her for not coping with the reaction of other wizards at Durmstrang to her being there…if only he could see her – it wasn't the other Professors that mattered really, but the students. But not to Caelius, whose prime aim of her being there was for her to spy… ...Cecilia thumped the stone step on which she was sitting with the flat of her hand. There was nothing he could do if there was nothing left to discover now, if her time was tied up with students and with covert information which, ultimately, amounted to nothing. If she spent her time teaching to fill in the time and with what she had spare dedicated it to her husband's wellbeing. Getting to her feet Cecilia climbed again the spiral steps until she reached the floor on which her room was. And she could begin by writing to her son's headmaster. Even if Severus Snape decided not to reply she would make it clear that it was her intention to be as fully informed of her husband's progress as she could. And besides she could ask about Septimus too. Taking a pen in her hand Cecilia sat at her desk and wrote. "Dear Severus," she began before putting the end of the biro to her lip, pondering how to continue. "If only you could have given me some lifeline the last time I was here; now I'm determined that I am kept informed on Remus's health." She lowered the pen, running through the sentence again in her head. That was how she felt, but she couldn't write it. "...why couldn't you have at least written back to me; you have no idea how I was feeling here…" No. Lying the pen on her desk she stared at the letters she'd made on the page, the name of her previous colleague. If only he had replied, validated her version of commonality in this world. But whatever she did was haunted, tainted, by her own past in the Other Place: Harry Potter and Voldemort; the lives parallel here about which Cecilia had convinced herself that, should she study to a great extent she might uncover differences and similarities which could shed light on why the potion she had made in the Other Place hadn't worked…oh! How she wished she could be free! Cecilia wished with all her heart that she could be in Britain, not least because of Remus. Putting her forehead on the desk she screwed up the letter with her right hand and launched it in the direction of the waste paper basket. She couldn't depend on Snape; she couldn't depend on wizards. She had only one choice, only one which, deep down, she knew was the right one. She would stop here until she was allowed back home. Until then, she would teach – students needed her – and become as absorbed in work that interested her of any Professor. Any professor that was whose work was as far away from conjurism as could be. 88888888 Torches flickered on the walls. In the intensive care wing of St. Mungo's Sirius Black was trying to sit up, much to the annoyance of the healer who was responsible for both he and Remus. "How long am I going to be here?" Sirius asked weakly, looking around himself before resting his eyes on Remus. "And haven't you found out how to treat him yet?" The plump healer, who was trying to tuck him in, stopped suddenly and gave him a sharp look. "As you know, Mr. Black, like your own treatment, Mr. Lupin's is being overseen by Professor Snape of Hedgewards School himself." Sirius nodded back in the manner of someone who had heard the tale so often it was mere background noise for his thoughts. "And, as few people have ever studied the effects of vampirism on wizards and witches you mustn't expect miracles." She turned and bustled over her trolley which contained a range of treatments and potions. Sirius watched as she picked up a clear cup which contained what Sirius knew to be Wolfsbane potion. He shuddered as she brought it over and looked at it suspiciously, jamming his hand down by his side. "Now, there's no need at all to be silly. You are a grown man, Mr. Black. You know this is for your own good, even if it does taste, as you so eloquently put it yesterday, like goblin piss." Sirius gave her a look. She had been doling out aliquots of potion to him for the past ten days now. True, it did make him feel better, but it really did taste disgusting. And he would be on it for over a month, as she'd explained, so as to cover at least one lunar cycle. Trying not to gag Sirius pulled himself up the bed a little higher in order to neck the revolting liquid as quickly as possible and trying not to gag. He almost managed it too, but he had not got hold of the water glass that was by his bed soon enough to wash away the taste and he ended up throwing up on the flagstone floor. Tutting her displeasure his healer drew out her wand. "Scourgify!" she declared, pointing it to the vomit, which immediately disappeared. "Now then, Mr. Black, let's try again, shall we?" "Let's not," replied Sirius, turning away, and looking instead to the wall, swigging the water as he slaked his thirst. "That's not the attitude, Sirius," he heard a voice say, not the healer, and he turned and came face to face with Caelius. He smiled, which turned into a grimace, another wave of nausea passing over him. "I know, but it tastes like piss," he replied, closing his eyes momentarily. "I know," Caelius replied, pulling up a visitor's chair, a curved-backed and wooden, from the peripheral of the room. "But it's better than the alternative." Sirius blinked slowly. Of course. If anyone knew about taking wolfsbane potion it was Caelius Lupin. He watched as the healer passed Sirius another cupful and this time he was determined not to throw up, drawing deeply on the water in his glass shortly afterwards. "How's it going, Caelius?" Sirius said once the physical disgust of taking the potion had passed. "You well?" "Yes," replied Caelius, nodding to Sirius. "And you?" "Oh, fine, fine. Just throwing up after taking potion and still being in hospital after being savaged by a half-breed." He winced – the huge wound across his left shoulder and chest beginning to throb again – and turned to the healer, who was now tending Remus. "As it time for some more painkillers?" The healer turned, shaking her head. "This evening," she replied. "And it's the co-dydramol now; you've had all you're allowed of the morphine." "Great!" Sirius muttered, looking back at Caelius. "Not even wizard medicine, and we're down to non-wizard painkillers." "It's because of the wolfsbane," said Caelius evenly. "Snape needs to see how you're responding. You've got him to thank." "Vomiting," replied Sirius grumpily. "That's how I am. But I will thank him." "You'll get used to it. It's likely you'll be on it for the rest of your life. It could be worse," he added, noting Sirius's expression, blacker than his name. "The fact that you were unconscious for so long meant Snape could treat you. You won't get it as bad as me, he believes, and if you take the wolfsbane every month at the correct time, you'll barely notice the symptoms." "Lucky me." "Yes," replied Caelius, casting a deliberate gaze across to his brother, his torso wound being treated by the healer, the drip bag containing experimental potion on her trolley waiting to be hoisted to replace the near-empty one. Sirius sighed, getting the point. "Can you tell me anything more about that day?" Caelius continued, leaning towards Sirius. "Has anything come back to you?" Sirius looked at him. He knew why Caelius wanted to know. And if he knew anything else, anything that anyone could use that might help Remus from his pitiful state he'd be shouting it at Caelius the moment he'd arrived. He shook his head. "Only what I've told you…I've tried, believe me Caelius," he added, looking over to his friend. "I was behind Remus. He got the worst of it. When we stepped in we had no chance. It was as if the wizards had them trained on the door. I couldn't even get my hand to my wand, or Remus. I don't even think he knew what had hit him." He closed his eyes, shaking his head, images from that day, when they were attacked by a werewolf and a vampire in the home of suspected conjurists who they had been sent to talk to about the very point of keeping halfbreeds, illegal that it was. "The conjurists are in Azkaban; the half-breeds too, under maximum security. I believe when Snape has finished with them they'll be deported." "They should be destroyed, for what they've done," growled Sirius. "I know you're a politician Caelius but doesn't the sight of Remus there make you feel like that's what you should do?" Sirius shook his head, wincing at his pain. "European law," Caelius said simply. "Tied to Europe as we are in magical politics and law we cannot go against the treaty, no matter what they've done. They'll be repatriated to their own countries, Romania for the vampire and Bulgaria for the werewolf, and face trial there." "And we all know what will happen – soft sentences from corrupt, weak judges. Supported by the European Wizarding Council who have sworn to uphold decisions made by individual nations. And you can't pass a law to say that halfbreeds can be destroyed? I mean, they're not supposed to be here! Then Europe can defend our laws! Can't you – " he broke off, watching as a figure approached. "James will be here soon," said Lily, standing by the Caelius's chair. Then she threw herself at Sirius, hugging him hard and he yelped as she pressed herself hard against him in a hug. "Sorry," she said, standing back up. "It's just…I've been down here so many times to visit you both, and now you're awake…" she sighed. "It's so good to see you're awake," she concluded. "How are you?" "Honestly?" She nodded. "Awful. But better than I was, thanks to Snape, so I've heard." Lily nodded. "He's given it his priority, in terms of his research, that is. He's got more than enough to do with non-wizards at Hedgewards." "So you managed it, Caelius?" he asked and the Head of the Ministry nodded. "It's gone smoothly; the students have integrated. That's the least of our worries, but – " he broke off and narrowed his eyes slowly. "But, of course, I expect you're not up to hearing our current affairs." Sirius shook his head. "No, please. Continue. I'm bored as hell in here." "The incidences of conjurism have increased; they're happening more frequently and in more places. It's becoming an underground thing; it ranges from graffiti appearing, C in Cs, which is intimidating non-wizards to break-ins and smashing up of the shops of non-wizards, especially those whose businesses have connections to wizard matters. We've arrested and prosecuted several dozen this week alone." Sirius said nothing, but a look passed between him and Lily, a look which confirmed what they were both thinking. Caelius. Far too interested in political matters before anything else; to him the be-all and end-all. "How's Remus?" Lily changed the subject and crossed the floor, standing next to the bed. She took his hand and held it. "I can't believe…" she broke off. Sirius narrowed his eyes as she looked at Caelius. "Any change? I'd hoped he'd have – " " – we all did," said Caelius as she held her head in her hands. "There's hope. If I'd trust my brother's life to anyone it'd be Snape." Between her sniffs and sobs Lily nodded, her red hair bobbing. "I know," she replied, "I just hoped…" "Hoped what?" James stood behind his wife and hugged her. Lily turned and hugged him back as he stroked her hair. "That Remus might have made some progress," replied Caelius. "We have Snape," he concluded. "There's always hope with him on our side." "Sirius!" James, taking Lily by the hand, strode to bedside of his friend. "It's good to see you, mate. How are you feeling?" "Like crap. But it's got to be better than being a vegetable. The potion's disgusting," he added. "Snape says you may be free of it, depending on how you are after the next full moon. It's an experimental potion, he said, based on his original." "I look forward to full moon then," said Sirius. Caelius frowned a little but said nothing. "What've I missed?" Sirius continued. "How's England doing?" "Going to be in the World Cup final if their recent performance is anything to go by." "I think Sirius means with the Reciprocators," said Lily. "I didn't, but anyway," said Sirius, grinning at James. "What's been going on?" "We've been busy. Conjurists," said James. "Henrietta's officially missing, too. She was last seen at Strasbourg just over a month ago. No-one's heard from her since then." "Hen'll turn up," Sirius replied. "She's probably had a disagreement with someone and decided to give the silent treatment." "I do hope you're right," said Caelius. "And Cecilia turned up," said Lily, glancing over to Remus. "She's gone back to Durmstrang now; I hoped we'd have something to tell her by now." "I shouldn't bother, not how she's behaved," Sirius said nastily. "Sirius!" Lily stared at him, shocked. "She's changed…she's different…I feel sorry for her." "What about Septimus? I bet she thought nothing of leaving her son. Again." "He's at Hedgewards," interjected Caelius. "She agreed it was the best place, under the circumstances. Septimus is getting on there very well," he added. "I don't even think that Remus would want her back," Sirius huffed, trying to fold his arms but failing, due to his injury. "I believe they agreed to a fresh start, before this happened, of course," said Caelius. "Oh." Sirius looked across at his friend and closed his eyes. If only he could do for him now what he could to help him. He'd always done what he could to help Remus and this time he felt so useless. "Now now, Mr. Black." He heard the healer's voice near and he opened his eyes again. "I'm afraid you're over-exerting yourself." She turned to look at Caelius, Lily and James. "I'm here with your medicine," she added. "Then I think you need a rest. Your visitors may return tomorrow." He watched as Caelius got to his feet. "We'll go," he said, nodding at the healer, before striding away. "Us too," said James. "We'll come back tomorrow, though," he added. Lily raised her hand before taking one last pitiful look at Remus. Sirius closed his eyes again. When he opened them again, later, blinking into the gloom – the lights were always dimmed when it was nighttime – he wondered who it was who was on the opposite side of Remus's bed, head on his chest and holding his hand. 88888888 It had been a lovely evening. Harry could not have chosen a better place to take Hermione for her birthday. True, it was only a pizza chain in town but the two of them had barely been out since they had used the expenses on Hermione's government credit card to eat out in Strasbourg. Before that it had been before they had begun to save for their wedding. It had been the restaurant in which Harry had proposed to Hermione. He hadn't meant to do it there; the night he had had planned involved them travelling to Trafalgar Square on the night of the 1st January, pretending to have forgotten that the New Year's celebration there would have gone on the previous evening, before getting down on one knee under Admiral Lord Nelson and asking her to be Mrs Potter. He didn't know why he'd proposed at the restaurant. But Hermione had accepted, and that was that. Hermione hadn't wondered aloud how much the meal was costing them, but said what a lovely surprise it was. Harry had told her that his parents had paid, mainly because he wanted to show he was thinking about the wedding too. But his dad was right – women did the organising of weddings; they knew what they wanted. All they wanted the men to do was show up, not too inebriated and smartly dressed for the photos. It had been a lovely evening, though. As their courses arrived their discussion went from work, Hermione saying what promotions were in the offing, especially if they moved to Strasbourg to Reciprocators, discussing the heavy workload that all of Caelius's volunteers had been under over the past few weeks. "But isn't it brilliant that Sirius is awake, though," said Hermione as she ate her olives. Harry nodded as he'd tucked into a particularly large piece of bruschetta. He'd chewed, but before he had had a chance speak Hermione had added, "but what about poor Remus though? I do hope it comes right for him!" "I feel bad for Dad," Harry had replied, holding Hermione's hand as they waited for their main courses. "He's the one who organises the rota for that night." "But it had been Caelius who'd upped the duties," Hermione had said. "And, no fault of anyone, but I for one am glad he did. Look at where we'd be if he hadn't. The aurors – you for example – would have so much to do single-handedly. And they don't only offer back-up, they negotiate and try to defuse situations. Our aurors just don't' have time for that." Harry had said nothing. "Well, you don't, do you?" Hermione had asked. It was true. Though he was only a support auror, fitting in with his work with historical documents, and he'd only volunteered because Hermione had told him that they were struggling for time actually preventing crime because of the extraordinary amount of paperwork that needed to be completed because of the conjurists. Arresting a conjurist required a four-page parchment to be completed in order to prevent accusations of a prejudicial nature being raised and they needed to answer such questions as, "Was the person/persons involved in an activity which constituted conjurism that led to an illegal act against a non-wizard? Did you see them? Are you sure?" "It's just so frustrating. We're there filling this all in and then they get before the Wizengamot and let off with a fine. I mean, I know there's not much else they can do, but – " "We know we're doing our best," Harry had replied, inhaling the lovely smells that his chicken pizza was emanating in his direction. "Yes. Caelius just needs enough evidence before he can propose a bill, especially when there's such a strong call from Europe to be tolerant to halfbreeds." Hermione had cut into her four-cheese pizza aggressively with her cutlery. "When I get hold of whoever said it I'll have a thing or two to say about half breeds and security. I mean, even coming here, the amount of conjurist graffiti – it's getting right out of hand." "Sirius might even have a case against those conjurists still in Azkaban, wouldn't you say? For grevious bodily harm?" Hermione nodded, then shook her head. "Who knows? Caelius has enough to deal with; I doubt Sirius would take it to court, but he would be well within his rights to do so, though." She'd leaned forward. "Thanks, Harry. Thank your parents. It's so great to be able to come out for a change. It's good to talk to you and not have the TV on all the time." "You know," Harry had said, biting into his, "I really don't mind if you choose to work at the Ministry, even European office. I can do my work anywhere; I could work remotely if I needed to, travel in by floo every day," Hermione held his gaze, reaching for his hand. "I know," she'd nodded. "Thank you. You're always very supportive. But don't get to see you as it is, let alone if I went to work at Strasbourg. Not that I'd never like to work there," she'd added, the mere flicker of hot ambition in Hermione's eye, "but there's no rush." "What I do know is that Draco Malfoy has taken a keen interest in Henrietta Edwards' disappearance. Apparently there have been others; I don'r know the details…but I'm guessing he thinks they're related." Harry had taken a bite out of his pizza as he listened to Hermione then talk more about Henrietta, about the fact that there was so little to go it might be that she didn't ever want to be found. "That's Caelius's take on it, unofficially, of course," Hermione had whispered covertly behind her hand. "What's Sirius say about that?" asked Harry. "Nothing. I don't think Caelius said that to him. He thinks she's just had a strop and would come out of it on her own." She'd dug into her pizza again, nodding in agreement at its flavour. "If you ask me, Conjusrists behind it." "Conjusrists behind everything, if you read the Daily Prophet and believe every word," Harry had replied, grinning. "A drought last year and hosepipe ban – conjurists. Snow in April – conjurists…" Hermione grinned too. "The fastest growing group of people to be used as a scapegoat for everything." And then he listened as Hermione had changed the subject back to their wedding, talking about invitations, numbers, prices, clothing, her dress and shoes, the number of bridesmaids, whether they should or shouldn't have favours, a master of ceremonies, when they should get married and if they wanted to save money to have a later wedding and only pay the evening meal fort their guests…what presents would they give the bridesmaids and page boy...the list went on and Harry listened, nodding at convenient intervals and attempting to nod at appropriate stages. They were wedding plans, that was all. Harry's indifference blended beautifully with Hermione's natural obsession. It wasn't until halfway through the dessert that she'd stopped, thanking him again for a lovely evening and also for not buying her anything and using their wedding money on something that she didn't need. "There'll be time, in the future. Next year you can buy me what you like." It had been a lovely evening. Harry soon called for the bill, knowing that the five quid spent on a bottle of Asti Martini for Hermione as soon as they returned back home might warrant some tutting, but mostly, he knew, she'd love the thought. The waiter returned with the bill and Hermione had noticed approvingly that the bill allowed the customer to pay in either wizard or non-wizard currencies. This point was not noted well by the three wizards sitting near the window. Their disapproval was clear for all to hear when they'd shouted their disgust at the waiter who had left their bill on the table, accusing them of prejudice. Around them, muted comments abut over-reacting were made before the wizards, clearly so by their obvious midnight-blue robes and matching hats got to their feet, threatening a non-wizard man who was dining with a woman at a table near them, neither of whom had said a word to them. It was this confrontation that had led the pizza restaurant to be lain waste, one of the many, and the latest to so suffer at the hands of extremist conjurists. Within seconds spells had been fired, the first hitting the innocent man square on in the chest, his dining companion screaming for help. The waiters and the owner had come over, by which time the three other tables of guests, all non-wizards had taken cover under their tables as one of the waiters, a wizard, had cast defensive spells as another had taken away the poor man. It had been clear that the waiter could not hold off all three of the now-clearly conjurists (their symbols were evident in the lining of their robes) and, as wanton destruction continued by the two other conjurists who were not involved in duelling with the waiter, Harry and Hermione joined the fray, eventually arresting the two who had been destroying the restaurant, much to the distress of the owner. Other aurors came to the disturbance, alerted by Hermione, and had arrested all three of the conjurists but not before the waiter had inflicted a hex on the first conjurist, the one who had originally made the comment. Looking around the restaurant as Mick Mullen, Peaceable Furnace and Evelyn Forteskew had taken them away, the glass in the restaurant windows shattered to crystals, the bar in a similar state, broken tables and chairs and distraught customers Hermione and Harry looked at one another. "We'll be needed to make a statement," said Hermione, looking around. "They'll need to know what happened." "But not tonight," said Harry. "We'll do it in the morning. Now I just want to take you home – perhaps we should have stayed in for your birthday. They'll get us if they need us urgently." "And miss all of this?" Hermione smiled. "Yes. Miss all this." They walked out of the restaurant, Harry taking her hand. It had been terrifying, and they were trained aurors. He could only imagine the terror that the non-wizards caught up in it all had felt. "You know," said Hermione, pointing in the direction of two apparating wizards who Harry soon recognised as his mum and dad hurrying in their direction, "I think next year, perhaps you could ask your parents to get me some bubble bath."
"Come in, Minerva." From his desk in the top of the tallest tower of Hedgewards Severus Snape looked at the Head of Gryffindor House and deputy headmistress who had appeared outside the door running through her mind the list of important matters that needed to be discussed. The door opened slowly and, bobbing her head deferentially for a moment Minerva McGonagall stepped forthrightly up the steep step before treading carefully across the stone floor. Snape looked up and watched her before laying down his quill. "Minerva," said Snape again getting to his feet. "Please, sit down." This time she closed her eyes and nodded once before sitting on the chair to the right of his desk, the morning light beaming through the lead-decorated windows that stretched across the entire eastern side of the tower, curving slightly with the wall above the rows of prior headmasters of Hedgewards hanging in their frames. "Good morning, Severus," she acknowledged as Snape circled his desk, standing before her expectantly. "Please begin. I take it, you have some information for me?" "Indeed I have, Severus," she replied, her manner stilted and influent and she tried not to let the weariness of the previous evening affect her, not, at least, until after lunch, when she would be free to rest for a few hours, to recover from a strenuous and exhausting night, both physically and mentally. "In fact, I've just come from Poppy; she's never seen such a queue of students waiting for treatments for colds and cough quite so early on in the year. Indeed, it's only just gone October and she doesn't usually have this many customers for her services until at least the beginning of January." "Winter 'flu exacerbated by visits home for Christmas." Snape nodded wearily. "She tells me this every year when she comes to ask me to make medicinal potions when her stocks have run low. Has she suggested any pattern in the illnesses?" "None that she can see. Some students have coughs, some colds. Some have 'flu and she's kept those students in the hospital wing. It does not seem that the students have anything in common, not age, house, geographical origin, magical ability…" Minerva stopped, inhaling heavily. "Nearly all of the non-wizards have an illness of some sort, but when you consider their number…so few…" Minerva yawned, dipping her head and hiding her gape behind her hand" "Please, continue. I'd like to know what it is that's exhausted you so." She gave Snape a sidewards glance before rolling her eyes. "Thank you. My visit to the students under Madam Pomfrey's care was nothing compared to the numerous visits to the dormitories, both in my own house and the other three." She shook her head. "These pensieves…it's getting out of hand! The students know that they do not get them out in lessons and yet no fewer than eight members of staff have confiscated more than a dozen yesterday alone and I had to take another fifteen off students using them last night…accessing the information of the Daily Prophet…communicating with their families…" "Nothing which could not be done without access to either the Floo Network or a newspaper. However we have made it clear that we will not condone their use after lights-out nor to access third party material, and the Prophet does indeed count as that." "Yes, yes," replied Minerva, slight impatience seeping into her tone. "But not to communicate with friends who have connections with known Conjurists, as both Fraser Blewitt and Henry Swales had been doing in the early hours of the morning." She shook her head. "I've since discovered, despite several sophisticated security spells, that they'd been discussing the contents of Conjurist pamphlets. I caught them out of bed discussing an attack that had happened in Grimsby and once I'd contacted the Ministry I managed to tell them a few things that they didn't know about the perpetrators! I mean, fancy students having such power! And Swales had sent the information on to other pensieve owners, now I know that the magical technology they're using is modern and in vogue, but it's precisely such power that could cause damage way beyond our control if we don't bring in more stringent measures." She stopped, waiting in silence so as to convey the graveness of the situation to Snape by way of a void in the conversation. At length Snape nodded. "Indeed. Please inform their Heads of Houses. I will speak to them both." He paused. "As of this morning all teachers will have the power to confiscate on sight. If caught in lessons again then their heads of houses will keep them for a week and a third time will result in the devices being Owled home. Students will be told that they can only use them in their leisure time and they will be restricted to inter-pensieve use. I will enact restrictions on the coverage of pensieve usage with the floo network although we cannot limit what is said in personal messages, as we cannot restrict what is said in floo conversations or letters. Snape made a few steps towards his desk before turning to his deputy. "Thank you, Minerva. You need rest. Once I have circulated the memo to staff I will see that your classes are covered this morning so you may rest." Cloak billowing, Snape made his way up the stairs to the upper floor located at the rear of the office in which many Hedgwards head teachers had kept many things personal and pertinent and on whose shelves were kept many thousands of jars and vials as befitting a Professor of Potions. Minerva stayed seated, waiting. Eventually Snape turned from his work, in which he had immediately immersed himself and looked up. He got to his feet and made his way down the thick oak steps with a light treat and was standing before his deputy once more. "Tell me, Minerva," he said when, once she had acknowledged his reappearance with a nod and smile, "what have you to tell me? The Sorting Hat? Sorted, as our young people might say?" "No, Severus. It is not Sorted, despite my best efforts, and believe me I've spent a good proportion of my own time on that wretched thing! Several hours a week! But – " McGonagall broke off, exhaling sharply in exasperation, before looking at him slowly. "What if I were to tell you something about the non-wizards that Caelius Lupin insisted we have here?" "If you are about to tell me about the undercurrent of bullying whose epicentre appears to be Fraser Blewitt and Henry Swales…" "Oh, Blewitt!" exclaimed Minerva McGonagall, shaking her head. "He seems to be the cause of all sorts of trouble, not least communicating with Conjurists. His poor sister can't move for his over-protectiveness – no. I've nothing to tell you about Blewitt and Swales that you don't already know. It is about the non-wizards, their abilities. Their magical abilities…" "Go on." "I have had discussions with several teachers, Grocott, Longbottom, Flitwick….when I saw it myself I thought I was imagining things and scarce could I bring myself to mention it. But it was Yellis who came to me and told me what he had observed." She looked at Snape, her eyes shining. "Some of them have abilities. Some of them, all of them in one form or another, are actually showing signs of being able to perform magic." The paragraph hung between them for some time. Snape stood still, considering what he had heard. Minerva said nothing, waiting for the headmaster to say something to her. On the wall behind her the portraits had a lot to say and huddled into Phineas Nigellus's frame to whisper to one another. "I wonder…" He looked at his deputy. "In what form has this magic taken place? Voiceless magic? Wandless magic?" "As far as Grocott is concerned three students have made potions that have worked, namely the Paralysis elixir which made three toads immobile for over a week. He put it down to other students helping them but apparently all three deny this. Julian Scott, Septimus Lupin's friend had a war of words with Darren Black over it, apparently, accusing him of trying to make fun of him by tampering with the potion. Flitwick kept his magical students in during lunchtime when the wizards who had made the orbs that the non-wizards in his third year class smash against the wall. That explains the injuries that Belle Howard and Justine Grey suffered – they were closest to the impact. None of them admitted to tampering with the orbs but nevertheless he called down Professor Trelawney to get them to explain why she would not be getting the orbs back and only let them go when, in mid-rant she broke down in tears." "That explains her refusal to teach any lessons today and why she has locked herself in her classroom," replied Snape. "And Longbottom?" "The growing of rehmannia resulted in the blood flow being reduced in the mouse subjects that Professor Longbottom uses to test the efficacy of the plants he grows. It should only have worked if a person with magic had grown them. He put it down to the samples being confused, but congratulated the six non-wizards in his class and gave them house points." "How like Neville Longbottom," Snape nodded. "The staff I have mentioned all report cases which could be explained easily as mistakes or mischief. But I witnessed with my own eyes non-wizard students in my class perform transfigurations. All four had been using school wands that they had borrowed to simulate making the spell. All invoked the spell and the transfiguration, in this case water to jam tarts, were performed successfully by each of them. Mulligan, Reynolds and Fletcher all believe I made the transfiguration myself, but I did not. They performed the magic themselves." She looked down, shaking her head. "Why so despondent, Minerva?" Snape asked. "Surely this is something in which to rejoice?" Her face, disbelief etched deeply, met the bright, cheerful one of his. "Their parents chose to send them to our school because of some deeply-held belief or interest in magic. For all we know they have magic in their ancestry and are able to access it here. Perhaps their parents suspected it anyway? We have had several wizard families who have kept their children at home because of the Ministry's decision about inclusion. Should it turn out that the students are wizards after all this may go some way pacify their resistance. Thank you, Minerva, for bringing this to my attention." Minerva nodded and Snape saw that her relief at telling him what she had appeared bodily, as if a weight had lifted from her shoulders in a real sense. "Now, despite your protestations about commitment to your students may I insist that you take leave to rest today?" Minerva McGonagall closed her mouth, for that was indeed what she was about to do. "I would prefer my Transfiguration teacher, Head of House and deputy head to be able to serve me tomorrow, rather than joining those students still in the hospital wing. And we may discuss your apparent findings when you are refreshed." 88888888 "Come on, mate!" Septimus pulled at Julian's curtains. "It's time to get up!" A groan from the bed behind the four-poster curtains told him that his friend was close to being awake. Not that Julian was a morning person, but he'd tried to insist that Julian rest, not feeling his best with a cold and a cough, but Julian had insisted Septimus wake him for breakfast so they could go down to the quidditch pitch to watch the first game of the season. "And watch you try out for the team," Julian had added as they sat in the common room, warming themselves by the fire as the cool autumn evening began to turn chilly. "We're in the first year, Jules," said Septimus, shaking his head. "I'm playing in the first-year friendlies, but there's no point trying out for the Gryffindor team, no first years make the team." "But you'll wake me up early to go though, won't you?" asked Julian quietly. "I know I can't join in myself, but I want to be part of the house, y'know?" Septimus nodded. He knew he'd feel the same if he was in Julian's position, especially with the hard time some of the non-wizards were getting. It wasn't as if Julian didn't know what he was getting into, and his stoic attitude to life and sense of humour had seen him through so far. But the cold he had, which had lasted for nearly a fortnight was getting to him; he'd missed several lessons and despite Septimus helping him catch up, knew his friend had a mountain to climb to in making up for what he'd missed and understand it. Magic was, in effect, like a second language and all the more difficult to learn if one was feeling under the weather. "That's not entirely true, what you've just said." Both boys had turned to see the face of Rufus Lestrange. "There has been a Gryffindor first year on the team." "Oh yeah?" Julian smiled, his tone potent with a ready comeback should Rufus say something idiotic. "Who was it, Rufus?" asked Septimus. He wanted to know, and knew that Rufus would probably go without telling them anything should Julian say something witty, which appeared to confuse the boy. "Harry Potter," he said simply, before continuing his journey between the stairs from the dormitories to the alcove of the common room where several books were shelved. They watched him sit down, pull out his portable pensieve, connect the external earphones before selecting a book and turning over its pages. "Harry Potter?" asked Julian. "Is he related to Sam Potter?" "He's Sam's older brother. He works for the Ministry." He paused momentarily, before adding, "Mum wrote that book about him." Julian nodded but said nothing. Septimus had told him about his mother's ventures into authorship and he knew that he was a little sensitive about it." He glanced over to Rufus, who didn't actually appear to be reading the book, and though the central hemisphere of the pensieve was exposed to he could plug in his earphones, it wasn't glowing, as they did when they were on and Septimus wondered where the music Remus was tapping his foot to was actually coming from. "But still," said Julian, as he pulled his blanket closer to him, "he was a first year that got on the team. It was a sentence that he repeated to Septimus as they got ready to go down to breakfast. "That was a fluke, it has to be," said Septimus as they made their way through the tunnel towards the Fat Lady's portrait before swinging it aside much to the chagrin of the subject, who wondered piteously how often she would be moved that morning. She was right: the corridor was already busy with students milling about from several houses. "The Great Hall'll be busy – atchoo!" Julian bent his head and covered his face with his hand. "Sorry, Sep," he said as Septimus stopped. "I can't wait for this bloody cold to go – I got a sniffle when I was in Weymouth, I just never thought it would last this long. "'s all right, Jules," said Septimus sympathetically as they continued to walk towards the Great Hall. "Is it pointless of me asking you to go back to bed?" "Yes," his friend replied firmly. "I mean, you might be right; the odds of a first year getting into the Gryffindor team might be low, but you don't expect me to miss you playing in your first game, do you?" They ate breakfast quickly. As Septimus expected the Great Hall was quite full; he often ate breakfast at the weekends early, as did Julian, or rather, he did before he'd contracted his illness: Septimus supposed it was because they were used to getting up early at weekends to go out looking for beasts big and small, and it was no different here. They'd managed to explore some of the grounds, though the Forest was out of bounds, much to their disappointment Around them, as breakfast appeared under cloches on the long tables students began to sit, congratulating one another, goading other houses and generally getting into a competitive mood. Like he and Julian, they were already dressed in kit or were donning house colours. Some had furled up banners ready to hold them up, to cheer for their players and to change the wording so as to simultaneously insult the opposition when Madam Hooch or other teachers weren't looking. All four houses were fielding first year teams, as was tradition on the opening game of the year, as a prelude and, as tradition dictated, they played with the match set of quidditch balls for the only time in the year. In the late afternoon the first of the house games would be played and the second the next day. At around lunchtime final trials for teams would be offered and, theoretically, first years could put themselves up for their house teams with other last-minute hopefuls. But as the students knew, from anecdote and tradition gone before, first years who were arrogant or foolish enough to try out never got in. Almost never. Septimus's mind drifted to Sam's older brother. How had Harry done it? Sam was good at flying, but he wasn't on the team. He'd never mentioned Harry though. But it must have been about twenty years before. "Eat up, Sep, or we'll never, a-hm, get a seat!" Julian glugged back his orange juice before getting to his feet. They passed several other Gryffindors tucking into breakfast, by Darren Black, whose head was buried in a quidditch magazine; Rufus Lestrange, who was softly drumming a beat with his index and middle fingers, this time absent of any outer media whatsoever. "Weird," said Julian, shaking his head as he tapped the side of it before looking at his friend as they reached the Great Hall's doors, looking around at the scenery and weather. "It looks like we're going to have a nice day for it." Septimus nodded. A few clouds in the sky skirting behind the lofty mountains, sun dappling their surface. Clear but with a chill to the air, making one want to skim the air on a broom, race fast and feel it in his hair. Good quidditch weather. "Have you heard about your dad recently?" asked Julian conversationally. "It's great news, isn't it, that the wizard he was with has woken up." Septimus nodded. He knew his friend was only trying to make him feel better but, knowing what he shouldn't about his father's condition, that he had been bitten by a vampire and Sirius Black had been bitten by a werewolf, he knew that Sirius's prognosis was far better than that of his father. "Yes," Septimus nodded. "Perhaps Professor Snape can help," Julian continued, taking the winding steps down to the lower ground, where the flat area of land before the Forest's forbidden paths began, home to the school's pitch. Around them other students were surging, coming in threes and fours, the noise of their conversations, giggling, laughing, general chatter, filling the air. "I mean, he was the one who told you about your dad's friend. He's a great wizard, Professor Snape is. He's done loads!" "Yes." Septimus didn't want to talk. He didn't want to think of his father, not at the moment. There was nothing he could do, nothing he could say that would change the situation. Even writing to his mother and sending her a birthday card hadn't helped his feelings of helplessness as far as his father was concerned. Septimus even felt bad for feeling grateful that Professor Snape had not offered to take him to St. Mungo's – being there, seeing his dad lying there, so ill, made it seem all the worse. Julian looked at him. He'd seen that expression before etched into his friend's youthful features. When Septimus had told him he had to stay with his father and uncle which is why he was new to the primary school; when he'd confided in his new found friend that his mother had worked for the wizards and had left to work in Norway; when he'd told him that his father had been injured. Even when he'd made the trip over to the Scott house to tell him that his mother was back…Septimus's expression had been one of overt concern, as if he could scarce believe his mother had come back. Julian knew the best for his friend was to change the subject. "So, which teams are up first?" It wasn't a question that Septimus could answer; indeed, no-one seemed to know and it was a fertile topic of conversation between the two of them as they descended the steps that led to the quidditch pitch. Around them other students surged, they too wishing to know the order of the day. The commentator box doubled as a noticeboard on the outside of pitch and he and Julian pushed their way through the crowd to where other Gryffindor students were standing. "Oh, come on!" yelled a second year student, Olly Franklin, across the crowd. "We wanna know who's playin'" "Wait on!" yelled Martin Horner from up in the box. "Bobby's just getting his wand sorted…" he glanced back over his shoulder, whispering something to his co-commentator before continuing, "right, he's got it…no…" "'c'mon Carter, get your act together!" yelled someone. "All right!" roared the voice of the unseen Bobby Carter. "I'm trying to read this handwriting! OK…here goes…" Septimus and Julian huddled closer as the crowd surged forward and they craned their next to read the words glowing orange on the banner-cloth that hung across the commentator's tower. "We're on second, straight after Hufflepuff and Slytherin. Ravenclaw." Septimus looked around, noticing the first years whom they knew from lessons staring at the banner too. "Be great if we can win," he added as they strode into the arena. "Shame we have to use school brooms, though." "Tradition," replied Julian through a sniffle. "But I've seen you fly, Septimus. You're not too bad." "Cheers, mate," said Septimus as they walked to the players' area: it was only now that the gravity of the situation was beginning to dawn. He was going to be playing on behalf of his house in front of the whole school. And it was only the evening before that he found out that he couldn't use his beloved Lightningshot but would have a school Cleansweep. The Hufflepuff/Slytherin game didn't last long. With shoulder-to-shoulder-packed stands, people holding scarves, cloaks and banners and cheering with all their might a sea of yellow and black emblazoned with badgers fought their peripheral borders with the green and silver moving mass that were the Slytherin students. It had taken less than an hour for Hufflepuff to win 275 to 100 and, from his vantage point in the players' area Septimus saw the yellow and black mass erupt into cheers, their badgers barking magically with excitement. By contrast the snakes from the Slytherin fans hissed their disapproval. Whichever house won between Gryffindor and Ravenclaw would face the might of Hufflepuff, for their victory was hardly surprising. As the second-playing teams were called out, assembling in the centre of the pitch opposite one another a dead weight in his stomach made Septimus feel as if his feet were dragging through the turf. The wait had been agonising enough, watching the first years from the other houses flit and fight for every point but now, as a chaser, with the quaffle fighting to free itself from its chest, he felt positively ill. Behind them the crowd roared as the two teams faced one another. What happened then, from the moment Madam Hooch opened the chest containing the feverishly anxious balls to be free to the end of the match Septimus would never quite be able to remember the details. Flying high on a broom picked from the school's aged collection he focused wholly on the game, gold and red patches streaking past him to the left and, as he fought to gain supremacy of the ball from Robbie Dawkins, dark blue on the right. He swooped, flying under as Robbie tried to pass the quaffle to Emeeleah Gibson. On the under-pass Septimus swooped between them, arm out. A cheer went up as he grabbed it, curling his arm around it and tucking it under his arm. The goal wasn't in sight though; banners shielded his view and Septimus realised he was facing the longside of the pitch and, on his tail Emeeleah and Robbie. He looked around, trying not to lose his balance on the broom or fly into the cloth that was coming increasingly near. Below, hundreds of faces, eyes on him, waited for his move. Septimus pulled the broom up, to almost vertical to miss the banners but he still couldn't see Rachel Fletcher, the other chaser. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the tail of a broom. Trying not to loop-the-loop Septimus tried to level off and turn, the momentum throwing him to the right. He grabbed the neck of the broom with his left hand, the quaffle easing itself towards the back-end of his grip. He tried to hold onto both. Was it Rachel behind him? A split second and a decision had to be made. He threw it. A cheer went up again and Rachel whizzed underneath him with Robbie and Emeeleah on her tail. It had been! But the game wasn't won yet. Beneath them were the seekers, Thomas Grant of Gryffindor right up on Gary Fowler's tail, waiting for the Ravenclaw seeker to make the tiniest of mistakes. He looped round, looking for Rachel, knowing that he would be needed for there had been no call of points for either team. Darting past the stand he saw that Rachel indeed needed help. Both chasers were on his tail and it had not helped that the Ravenclaw bludger had flown so close that she was now at the Gryffindor end of the pitch. How she threw the ball to Septimus he would never know but as it flew over the heads of the Ravenclaw seekers just as they both went for it, brooms colliding and sending them spiralling to earth. Septimus grasped the quaffle with both hands before grasping the broom handle with one hand and trying to steer the broom away from the goals. He didn't quite manage it though; as he slipped between the gap between two the right-hand and central goals he lost his grip on the quaffle and it went hurtling through the central goal. "Ten points to Ravenclaw!" Bobby Carter's voice echoed around the stadium, followed by deep groans from the Gryffindor side. In contrast the cheers from Ravenclaw erupted, but the game continued so quickly that Septimus barely had time to think about what had happened. High above this time the snitch was in Tom Grant's reach. Septimus looked for where the quaffle was, back in play at the Gryffindor end. Looking between Rachel's battle with the two chasers again he glanced down to where the battle between the seekers was going on. He dived. If Tom could catch the golden snitch then his misdemeanour would be chalked up to an accident on the backdrop of Gryffindor victory. "…and…what is Septimus Lupin doing?" "..it looks as if he's trying to catch the snitch himself…!" "…the last time a snitchnip happened at Hedgewards was in 1488 in the closing match of the year, between Slytherin and Ravenclaw, the beater, Henry Bolton, catching the snitch accidentally as it got lodged in his ear…" The crowd roared. That wasn't Septimus's intention. Well, if he'd have thought about it, he would have thought that it wasn't his intention, but he wouldn't know what his intention was… Diving past them to the right he skimmed close to the crowd. Both seekers swerved, Tom Grant more so, but he still seemed to be in control of the game as far as the snitch was concerned. Septimus was having his own problems; the broom seemed to be hard to control. It was in a spiral, twisting towards the ground and try as he might he could not get it horizontal. He leaned back and, as he did so, noticed that there was someone hanging over the edge of the stand. Septimus looked up, just in time to see the face of Ariella Blewitt twisted in horror as she fell towards him. He leaned forward, leaning with all his might against the handle of the broom. It tilted, and he managed to gain purchase with his knees just before he hit the ground. Leaning to the right Septimus brought the broom to a stop and looked up. Ariella was still falling. He bent his knees and jumped, launching the broom back into the air. Above him the match was going on, but Ariella was close to the ground herself. The crowd gasped, their attention now not on the match but the falling Ravenclaw girl. Septimus grasped at her cloak, but it came away in his hand and, when he swooped around for another try realised it was too late, she was going to hit the ground. Without thinking, he let go of the broom with his knees. The momentum of the stick continued as he plunged to the ground. He knew about falling, out of trees, out of his bedroom window when he'd tried to get Mervyn into his cage from the windowsill. The broom raced away, Ariella gripping it while Septimus landed on his back, the sky and the peripheral of the pitch in his fading eyesight. When he came round he realised Julian was telling him what a stupid sod he had been, and what had he thought he was doing? The rest of the team was surrounding him too and, next to Julian, Madam Hooch calling him by surname, thanking Merlin that he'd come round when he tried to sit up. "What the hell were you thinking, Sep?" asked Julian when, as his friend helped him stagger from the pitch, having been given a clean bill of health and told his bruises would heal, and they made their way outside the pitch as they waited for the scores. "I suppose it won't matter much if I'm out of it," said Septimus, slumping onto a rock, nursing his shoulder. "It should be a good match between Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff this afternoon, before the proper match." "What do you mean?" asked Julian, confused. "Didn't you hear what Horner and Carter were saying? No, you were unconscious," he added, shaking his head. "We won! Tom caught the snitch, which he wouldn't have, by the way, if you hadn't done, well, whatever you did." Septimus shook his head. "I don't know what I was doing, to be honest. I should have been up with Rachel, but…it just seemed that, if Tom did catch the snitch it'd make up for what I managed to do." "He-he!" chuckled Julian, nudging Septimus before giving him a look of sympathy when he winced. "That'll be one for the history books. First-year opening game and Septimus Lupin scores an own-goal!" "And then – " Septimus broke off, his attention taken by the figures approaching them. "And what do you think that was, Lupin?" Before then Fraser Blewitt stood, bending his large frame over the two. "Aerobatics? Think you're a Red Arrow?" Septimus said nothing, but something triggered in his mind. "Hope you don't think you're going to try out for the team? You know first years never get in." "It's been known before," retorted Julian. "So, why don't you want him trying out for Gryffindor? Think he'll be a threat to you, Blewitt?" The captain of the Ravenclaw team growled under his breath and stood over them. "Oh, here goes the non-wizard, never even heard of quidditch a month ago and now an expert! Misguided." Septimus opened his mouth to say something but Julian spoke instead. "You should be grateful! It was your sister who was falling out of the stands. You should be thanking Septimus for helping her." Glowering between both of them Septimus closed his eyes for a second, picturing the moment when he realised that Ariella was falling. And behind her…he opened them. The faces were the same, same expression, of snarling anger. "And you, Lupin, letting this muggle speak for you." Around them gasps, as the growing crowd of spectators responded to the insult. Julian said nothing – he was barely familiar with the term – but for those that were it was shocking. "Don't let the ministry hear you say that," Septimus said, narrowing his eyes. Could it really be that Fraser was behind his sister when she fell? Who knew? He'd had concussion. Perhaps his mind was playing tricks on him. "Don't think your uncle can save you, Lupin," he snarled. "Look at what non-wizards have done for you. And you choose to be friends with mis – " "Mis – ?" asked Septimus. "This," Fraser corrected deliberately. "You think you're so untouchable...your beloved uncle. And you think your parents can help you," he sneered at Septimus, "how on earth would that happen? Your dad's as good as dead and your mum's crazy, everyone knows it." He shook his head mockingly. "It's wizards that have done for him," said a voice behind Fraser before Septimus could think of a reply. "Conjurists." He turned. Darren Black looked up at the older student. "And, why shouldn't he try out for Gryffindor?" "Clear off, Black," Fraser growled, bearing his frame down on him. Julian looked at Septimus, frowning a little. Darren Black talking back to a seventh-year? For them? And, at once, before Septimus could figure what was about to happen Darren Black and Fraser Blewitt were facing one another a stretch of open ground between them, wands aloft. "And you, a good, decent wizard from an honourable family, would fight me over this – " Septimus frowned, for it wasn't the situation that Fraser seemed to be talking about – he'd pointed to Julian – "…this misborn?" Not only gasps now but calls for staff to attend, the announcement coming over the tannoy of the commentator tower. He looked at his friend, but his face was impassive. Septimus knew that Julian was not bothered by that insult either, but the crowd, almost all of whom were wizards, muttered in shock and horror at the Ravenclaw quidditch captain's vile words. But before either boy could attack one another between them stood Professor Snape. Wands were lowered quickly but neither of them looked away. "Black, Blewitt, my office, now. You too, Swales," he added to Fraser Blewitt's friend who seemed to be hovering by the boy. "Septimus Lupin," he continued, his tone a little softer. "Great game, I thought. I would like to discuss the details with you later this afternoon. Perhaps Mr. Scott could accompany you?" And with that, both would-be duellists in tow Darren Black looked over his shoulder in Septimus's direction, nodding at him as the headmaster made his way back towards the castle.
Returning from the owlery after dinner Septimus thought about the letter he had sent off with a school owl to his mother. Carefully treading down the steps for, though it was only half past six already the light was growing dim. He thought about his letter, amiable enough, where he had told her about his excitement and fear, in equal proportions, of playing for Gryffndor in the pre-match game, how he had managed the own-goal and tried his best to help the seeker take the snitch, "…because the game is awfully unfair; it's just about a fight between seekers; it doesn't matter what the beaters and chasers do because you have to score ten goals to equal the catching of the snitch…" Looking up to the castle he pushed his feet down on the steps, trying to put out of his mind the meeting to which he had been summoned that evening giving his side of the incident that afternoon. Professor McGonagall hadn't seemed that pleased with him when she gave him the message, but it could be because of how he had performed on behalf of Gryffindor. Despite winning, Gryffindor lost to Hufflepuff 220 to 60 in the final of the first-year games giving the badgers their eleventh first-year game victory in a row. Septimus was sure that, had he been allowed to play as he had asked (his request denied by Madam Hooch) they may have had a better chance of winning. The lights twinkled out through the windows of the castle. Students were celebrating, commiserating, planning, studying…probably the majority were looking forward to the house match that was to be played between Gryffindor and Slytherin the next day. Ravenclaw had gone on to beat Hufflepuff that afternoon and the match between them and the winner of the game the next day would take place in a month's time. "…and I hope you have a great birthday, mum," he'd written, enclosing a tiny vial of perfume which could be diluted and made to match any perfume the person wanted. He'd managed to sneak off to Boutes when his mum had been distracted in Flourish and Blotts in the summer and, using the little pocket money he had buy the smallest size of "AnySmell" that they had. Even then, it cost him practically everything he had. But it was worth it. Would have been, at any rate. He knew he would have to send it by owl but, following Cecilia's return Septimus hadn't expected that he would be owling it to Durmstrang again. She would be surprised, Septimus knew, but also very pleased that he'd remembered: he remembered so many times when his dad had taken his mother's, "…you don't need to buy me anything…don't worry about a card, save the money…" at face value and indeed had so often given her nothing. He'd even included a sentence telling his mum how he knew he wouldn't hear the end of the fact he'd managed an own goal and, in the unique words of Rufus Lestrange who he and Julian could not avoid sitting next to that afternoon, been "the best worst chaser" in centuries. Climbing the stairs that (hopefully) led to the Gryffindor common room (and not the third floor Room of Horrors that he and Julian had encountered in their second week at Hedgewards) Septimus thought about what Darren had done after being led away with Professor Snape and Fraser Blewitt. Why had this boy, who had actively avoided him since they had shared a carriage on the Hedgewards Express, who had never spoken a word to him, both defended him and acknowledged him? What could have made him step in? Was he angry at Blewitt for some reason and used the opportunity to have a go back at the older boy? Surely there were better opportunities than at the quidditch match. As he rounded the corner, just before he came crashing into Professor McGonagall. He stepped back, blinking a couple of times as he felt his face flush – by rights he should be in the common room and, by the look on the witch's face he knew e was bound to be in trouble. The image that had been appearing in his mind every so often, melted from his mind as he waited to hear what his head of house would say about his misdemeanour and, more importantly, how many points it would cost Gryffindor. "Master Lupin, there you are!" She tutted as she looked back from where she had come, namely the portrait of the Fat Lady. "I've been looking everywhere for you!" "I – " "The headmaster wishes to see you," McGonagall continued, interrupting him as she stepped past him, "and you're late. Well, what are you waiting for?" Septimus blinked – she wasn't about to reprimand him? – before making his tired legs follow her obediently. "And I must say, Septimus Lupin, while I approve of your sentiment of helping your team-mate, your methods were – " she inhaled sharply through her nose, " – rash." They continued the rest of the way to the foot of the stairs up which Septimus had climbed before which led to the headmaster's office. "And once you have spoken to Professor Snape," McGonagall turned as abruptly as she began talking, "you must return to the dormitory with no delay. Do I make myself clear?" "Yes, Professor," replied Septimus as he looked up the spiral as far as the steps would go as the conversation that would soon take place. Minutes later, standing on the other side of the door, wondering what he would be asked, Septimus thought again about Ariella, falling as she had done from the quidditch stand. As the door opened Septimus was amazed to see the face of her brother, bent into the same frown as he remembered glaring back at him. Septimus looked to one side to see Darren Black standing there and, between then, Professor Snape. "Y…you wanted to see me?" "Ah yes. Come in." Tentatively, mainly because of his injuries, Septimus crossed the oak floor, aware that Fraser Blewitt's stare was boring into the side of his skull. "You may go, Mister Blewitt," Snape added. Septimus refused to look at him but he could feel the glare that the other boy was throwing in his direction. A few moments later and he heard the door of the office close behind him and he gave an outward sigh of relief. "Mister Lupin," began Snape, looking at Septimus carefully. "I was intrigued to see your performance at the match, an interesting technique. I am sure Tom Grant was grateful for your assistance." He smiled, glancing at Darren Black. "And I am sorry to have brought you from resting your head and your legs – your landing was less than comfortable. Perhaps if you had been in a position to participate in the latter game Gryffindor may well have won." He paused, glancing over to Darren again. Septimus looked at him too. "However it is post-match events which I am concerned. Both Mister Black and Mister Blewitt have been in isolation since this afternoon's…conflict of opinion – as you must appreciate I have to take accusations of bigotry and violence with utmost seriousness. So I ask you, please take me through the events that you remember after your fall? Most specifically when you were with your friend Mister Scott?" Septimus looked at Darren again, who was now staring at the floor. "I know Julian wasn't upset by what Fraser Blewitt said," Septimus began somewhat awkwardly. "Er, I mean, he should have been, but he wasn't. He was making sure I was OK but Blewitt came over and started ranting at me. To be honest, I wasn't sure exactly what he was going on about. First he called Julian a muggle, then Darren – " he stopped as he saw Darren stare at him. " – he stuck up for me and Julian," he continued, looking back at Darren Black. Had it not been for him he was sure it would have been a lot worse. "He, er, mentioned the possibility that, er, Fraser knew a lot about Conjurists. And I'm glad he did," Septimus added quickly, knowing that what he'd said so far had probably got the boy into trouble, "for I'm sure Fraser was going to curse me. And then, Fraser called Julian m – " Septimus stopped and looked down. It was the rudest, most dishonourable word Septimus knew and he couldn't bring himself to repeat it. "M – ?" "He called him misborn." Septimus jerked his head and looked at Darren. The boy was now looking at the headmaster – he was not afraid to say the word. "Is this true?" Professor Snape looked at Septimus, waiting for his response. "Yes, headmaster," replied Septimus, relieved. "Thank you, Mister Black." Professor Snape looked down at the boy. "You may return to your dormitory. I will see you here after breakfast for your continued isolation." Septimus watched Darren turn, nodding once to Septimus as he did, before pacing over the floor to the door. He watched him open the door before descending the steps and out of sight. "An unfortunate business," concluded Professor Snape once Septimus had looked back to him. "Both students have been punished for their threats made with wand, as well as their slanderous comments. You understand, Septimus, that I needed your testimony before I could be sure of the truth?" Septimus stared back at him, unable to think of anything to say. Was there anything to say? All he'd done was said what had happened. "You said what had happened," Snape repeated, as if following Septimus's internal commentary. "Both students had admitted the wand-threats but neither could bring themselves to tell me what they had said to one another. "I'm sure you could have asked any student," replied Septimus. "Plenty were there to hear what Darren and Fraser said. "I could," replied Snape, folding his arms and leaning back on his desk in a more casual manner, "but then I would not have had the pleasure of congratulating you on your daring feat in your first quidditch match. I'm sure your father would have been proud. He was a pretty good player himself, him and Sirius Black. I know that Darren feels terrible about what happened to his uncle," he added. Septimus blinked as events slowly pieced themselves together, like a jigsaw puzzle. Darren felt bad about Sirius being attacked, and he and his father had been attacked at a suspected conjurist house by illegal half-breeds that shouldn't have been there. He'd heard what Fraser Blewitt had said to him about his father…so that's why he stepped in. Of course! It made perfect sense. Septimus made a mental note to thank Darren when he got back to the common room. "I will have to speak to your friend, Mister Scott, to see if he wishes to press charges against Mister Blewitt. As a term of discriminatory abuse against non-wizards is, of course, against the law. As for Mister Black, he has been warned to keep accusations of Conjurism out of conversation, inflammatory that it is." "Why?" Septimus heard himself saying. "Er, I mean, begging your pardon, some wizards think that being Conjurists is a good thing." He watched as Snape unfolded his arms before refolding them and looking keenly at Septimus. "Yes, they do indeed," replied Snape. "And it is such an attitude, pride in division, that is so detrimental, at least to the wellbeing of the students in my care." "But not everyone thinks that," Septimus pressed. "So what Darren said probably wasn't bad, he might just have been trying to describe Fraser Blewitt, and Fraser might have taken it as a compliment." His sudden outburst amazed even himself and Septimus was even more awaed when Snape began to laugh. "Oh! Your attempt to allay the punishment of Mister Black is admirable, Mister Lupin. He is still in trouble, I'm afraid." He smiled at Septimus. "How like your mother you are. She could never bear an injustice. Well, I'm sure you'll have plenty to say to Mister Black once you return to your common room, but I say again I will not tolerate the use of such a term in this school. Hedgewards is inclusive now, we do not select on the basis of magical ability, nor have we ever. Should I ever wish to turn us into the British equivalent of Durmstrang I would certainly do just that. Conjurists say different," Snape added. "They say perhaps we should train only the best, like academically only the best non-wizard minds become doctors. Would you wish for someone less talented or committed to train in the field, just to say you've given them the opportunity, someone who was not as quick in diagnosis or the correct course of action? Sometimes there is only room for the best," Snape added. Septimus paused. So there was a need to separate wizards from non-wizards. Is this what the headmaster was telling him? "Sir, do you think that that is what Hedgewards should be like?" His question hung in the air for a moment and Septimus looked down, shuffling his feet, instantly regretting the question. Snape exhaled heavily and glared at Septimus who would have been quite happy at that moment for the ground beneath his feet to have swallowed him up whole and for it to have closed above his head. As it had done neither he was left to face down the heavy, icy stare of his headmaster. "It is irrelevant what I think," Snape said at length, "nor you, or any of my staff or students. We are meant to be inclusive and that's what we are. Which is why I have punished both students for their actions and their words. But the question remains that there is something to be said for exclusivity. One must never consider that there is only one right path. The manner in which some wizards decide to portray this notion, and by what means they are influenced is something which I know is of great concern, especially to you uncle. Indeed, I do hope that there will be a time that your Uncle Kay does not regret the nationalising of all schools. Now," he said, Professor Snape's face brightening. "I understand that Professor McGonagall wishes you to return immediately to the Gryffindor common room without delay." Once Septimus Lupin had left Severus Snape folded his arms before striding over to the hearth beneath the pictures of the headmasters. Most were slumbering in their frames, or sharing with one another playing games of Wizard Chess, or the like. One however, namely Aberforth Dumbledore, watched his successor with interest as he cast his hand in the direction of the hearth, making the embers dance with green flame. "Snape, you wanted to see me?" In the flames the head of Aberforth's other successor. Caelius Lupin, his face impassive as he waited for Severus Snape to continue. "You got my owl, I assume? I sent it as "urgent"." "You assume correctly. And I am concerned, Snape, that you could not handle the misdemeanours of your students as you promised you would." Severus paused, trying not to let his irritation at the criticism of his leadership by one of the most outwardly self-assured wizards show. Instead he took a step back and folded his arms. "Indeed, I am dealing with their misdemeanours in line with school policy. However it is not the behaviour policy of the school with which I furnished you. It is the nature of the incident that I intended to convey – perhaps my letter was not succinct enough?" "You spoke about Fraser Blewitt and Darren Black." "I have yet to ask Julian Scott, to whom Blewitt addressed as a muggle and misborn. Black was merely in the wrong place and alluded to the possibility that Blewitt has connections with conjurists. It was your nephew, Septimus, who confirmed the details." "Septimus?" Caelius's tone changed ever so slightly. "How is he involved?" "He crashed during the second tournament of the year, the first-year house game while trying to save the life of a fellow student. It was to whom Blewitt chose to abuse at first." This time the pause came from Caelius's end and, not for the first time Aberforth Dumbledore wondered, from his beframed position above them, whether he should have split the Head of the Reciprocator role between them. "Has Septimus been fighting? What caused the confrontation?" Concern. This time Snape felt he had the upper hand, though did not take any pleasure in it, unlike Caelius, he was certain, when the tables were turned. "Septimus was in the match, a chaser for Gryffindor. I believe your brother would be proud. He decided to, shall we say, use his initiative to bring the first years to victory however his selflessness in attempting to assist a fellow student, namely Fraser Blewitt's sister, caused the conflict. Blewitt then turned on Julian Scott, with Darren Black intervening. I am certain that I outlined this in my owl?" "Yes, yes," nodded Caelius dismissively and Severus thought he could see a glimpse of parchment in the foreground of the floo connection, as if his opposite number was just now furnishing himself with the details of the owl. "Of course." He looked back at Severus Snape. "If you decide that the boy's actions constitute a breach of law, and the wounded party wishes to press charges then do indeed contact me in the morning and I will organise for an Auror to collect him. Now, if you excuse me, I have important work with the Reciprocators tonight. They have a difficult night ahead of them." "Indeed." "As every night." A pause, silence hung between them for a moment and, for a moment, only the silent flickering of the green flames from the floo connection moved. When neither of them spoke Caelius added, "there is nothing else that Septimus has done? No punishment?" "No, indeed, for he has done nothing wrong, only played the game of quidditch in a unique but successful manner." The flames died as Caelius's face faded. Severus Snape rose and made his way towards his desk. Who did he think he was? Didn't the wizard know that he, Snape, knew full well what the Reciprocators were up against, hence his prompt reporting of the actions of Fraser Blewitt who, as a sixth year, really should have known better. He knew they were at least two wizards down, even though one was now conscious, thanks to him. What did he know of Hedgewards life, the day-to-day operation of the school, not least encumbered with the changes foisted upon them by Lupin Senior himself? Because, once the students were in bed and the staff on shift had been briefed he would himself be tirelessly working on a potion destined, in theory, for his brother. He walked to the picture of Aberforth. Not that there was much hope. The ingredients were scarce, no-one had ever postulated let alone explored an antidote to the vampire's bite so where to start, or at least continue, was merely informed guesswork. "You never had this trouble, I'm guessing." Severus nodded to his predecessor as he made his way up the stairs to his book- and vial-lined chamber, the large cauldron in the middle of the circular table gleaming in the candle-light. Aberforth watched him go. "Don't you believe it." 88888888 In the living room of Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place James Potter returned carrying a chipped teapot out of which he had scoured the nargles and cleaned it in the kitchen with five spells. Perhaps he should have used another since the look that Sturgis Podmore was giving the teapot made him wonder why he'd bothered. "I only found two – look, it's as clean as I've ever seen it, and I've been on the receiving end of tea from it being the last Reciprocator back." He grasped the lid and removed it before pushing it in Sturgis's direction. "Look!" "Really, I don't want a tea," said Sturgis, taking up the papers again which detailed which parts of the country were being covered by which Reciprocator-Auror groups that night. It wasn't as if those people left behind at Grimmauld Place had their feet up, however: their presence was a lifeline for any wizard in difficulty – those who remained had the vital role of deciding what assistance they may need: back-up from a different team; strategic withdrawal or reinforcement in numbers by the spare Reciprocator left behind, in this case an exceedingly miffed James Potter who was scrutinising the inside of the teapot wondering why Sturgis would still refuse tea from it. "I wish Molly were here," muttered James, putting down the pot on the table before glancing over the duties list for that evening. "Where is she?" Sturgis asked conversationally. Though not on shift that evening it was rare to find Mr and Mrs Potter out of each others' company. "She's gone to St. Mungo's to visit Sirius. To be honest, she's not been herself recently." James shook her head. "Harry and Hermione, now that's a bit unsettling, I know." "Unsettling?" Sturgis Podmore looked up from the duty rota he was attempting to compile for two evenings' time and frowned. "Hermione Granger is a lovely girl." "Yes," agreed James. "But them getting married, it all seems so sudden. I mean, we did it quite quickly, and we knew each other from school…we got married much younger than they are now…I pointed all this out to her…and then there's Henrietta. That came as a big shock to us all – " Sturgis nodded, still looking at his papers, " – and what with Hermione being called to give evidence in Strasbourg…" James put down the teapot. "Hen…she's…she was…one of us…I dunno. I just wish it'd go back to how things were, when the Conjurist threat just wasn't there. It's caused no end of problems and concerns, it really has. Sirius knows…he seems pretty gutted to be honest. I think that's why Molly visits him, they reminisce…he's awake, but Remus is still in a sorry state." "There's been no change in him?" "None that we know. Severus is on the case though, and we couldn't ask for a better mind." "How's Sam doing?" asked Sturgis, leaning back in the armchair before taking up the teapot that James claimed to have cleaned. "He wants to join the Ministry?" "That's his plan, yes. And to be a Reciprocator too. So much ambition, much more than Harry. I think he must get that from Lily. She's so pleased, and yet…" Waving his hand across the pot. Steam effused from its spout and the gap between the lid. "Tea?" A quick look to one side from Sturgis then a nod. James waved his hand again, this time over the low table near the settee. A pair of mugs appeared which had been in Grimmauld Place's kitchen cupboards. He poured the tea before conjuring a small milk jug and sugar bowl. "It'll be good to see Sirius soon," James continued conversationally as Sturgis leaned back in his chair having now put down the Reciprocator schedule. "It's been nearly three months since he and Remus went out that day." "We've survived, though," said Sturgis. "I won't say, "thanks to Caelius", but he has organised us. It's been quiet without Sirius," he added, taking a sip of tea. "I should take the trouble to see them." "With any luck, he may be able to come home. You'll see him enough then, and you know what he's like: he won't take "no" for an answer when it comes to being involved in Reciprocator duties, mark my words. No matter what my dear wife has to say." He glanced at the rota. It wouldn't be long until Kingsley got back now…he was paired with Mick Mullen…he wondered what it was like out there tonight. Things were slowly getting more difficult for the groups that went out now. Even the laid-back Sirius would find it difficult to laugh off the attacks that were now taking place in the manner that he had tried to shake off his injuries and chronic disease with which he was now inflicted. And the situation was concerning, even to him. Just before the summer holidays he was all for Sam wanting to take a job in the ministry. He had the skill, he had the intellect and people-skills, it was true. But the attacks by Conjurists were growing in number and ferocity…some nights they would come back, exhausted, having been kept on their toes by attacks on non-wizard and ministerial buildings co-ordinated by their use of pensieves. One minute there would be no-one in the town's streets at two o'clock in the morning and then suddenly you and the two aurors with you would be surrounded by a dozen or more Conjurists bent on vandalism, graffiti, arson… At least Caelius was pleased. The haul of information he was getting from the use of pensieves had made for more arrests after the event. Their data was not regulated by law and as such Caelius had made provision to access information that came up with key phrases and words, especially if the messages had originated in towns where recent violence and vandalism had taken place. "What do you think about pensieves, Sturgis? You like technology." Sturgus looked at James over his teacup. "Never really got into them. I have one, I've got music on it which I listen to. It has potential to communicate with a lot of people at once." "This is what they're doing," replied James. "But at least it's pleasing Caelius that he can trawl through this information. Just a pity he can't do it before we go out there. Arthur Weasley came back with his arm in such a state last time." "I don't think it'll be long before Caelius has them banned," commented Sturgis, putting down his cup again and staring at it. It had a slight nargle-y taste. "They're causing more harm than good and we can't be maverick about it, you know Caelius." "Indeed. Has to do it by the book," he added, putting down his cup and glancing at the clock. Nearly three. It wouldn't be long until some of the Reciprocators returned. In the absence of Lily or Molly, or any potential skill in the kitchen by Sturgis James supposed that he should attempt some sandwiches. "It's been awfully quiet tonight," commented Sturgis as he watched James rise. James nodded, trying to quell the stillness that usually accompanied terrible news out of his mind. 88888888 "How do I look?" Hermione turned to Harry as she arrived at the steps of the European Wizengamot. She smoothed down her pencil skirt before tapping at her hair. "Fine," said Harry, looking round. The antechamber was getting full. European ministers, workers and lawyers were gathering together in small bunches, giving one another scrolls and parchments, exchanging short dialogues before moving onto other small groups. Hermione looked at him, annoyed. "You always say that. Come on, really, how do I look?" "Really fine," said Harry, feeling at a loss as to what to say. "What time did you say you had to go in?" "Ten," said Hermione, as Harry looked around again, seemingly oblivious to her exasperated roll of the eyes and tutting. She looked down at the letter again, written on dragonskin parchment with the crest of the European Parliament at the top and signed by Draco Malfoy himself. The Right Honourable Draco Malfoy, President of the European Parliament. Hermione knew that though she would defer to Draco's position she would find it difficult to get the image of his soaking wet head out of her mind, caused by two young wizards from Slytherin House on their first day at Hedgewards. "I don't know what I'm going to say though, only that, when I was here for that short time she came to my office, talked about work and the prospect of promotion before leaving again." "Well, you should be out by ten past ten," said Harry, smiling at Hermione. She didn't smile and Harry instantly felt awkward. He knew how important this was to Hermione, to Hermione's reputation as much as anything else. Whatever she said he knew that she coveted promotion in her career and she was concerned that her summoning to an enquiry into Henrietta Edwards's death would be to her disadvantage. "All you can say is what happened, it doesn't mean anything. Someone had to have been the last to see her, and it happened to be you." "I know all that!" snapped Hermione. "It's just – " She stopped as more ministers appeared, this time approaching them, before walking past and into the wizengamot chamber. They were clad in dark blue, rhombus-shaped hats on their heads and, as they walked they neither looked at nor acknowledged anyone that they passed. It wasn't long until they were called in, half an hour after ten and the nervous (if somewhat annoyed Hermione, " – can';t someone get us in on time? I hardly call this professional – " She gave her statement, from the chair in the centre of the wizengamot, which resembled the one in the British Ministry for Magic, though larger to accommodate the large Wizengamot witches and wizards who represented not only the European Magical Law Enforcement Departments but also, by extension, a member of each country's Law Enforcement department from their ministry. Britain was, ironically, the only exception. It was part of the Magical Treaty Organisation but as far as government was concerned, operated independently, as a sovereign state. The fact that Henrietta was missing for such a long time before she was discovered, dead at the bottom of the Rosstrappe, in the Harz Mountains, Germany, was of great concern to the Wizengamot. Character descriptions from those who had been working with her in Strasbourg told that she was a highly capable, determined and forthright witch who would not be coerced, as was being suggested by the prosecution, into being a Conjurist. Harry was shocked. He had no idea that such an accusation had ever been levelled at the late Henrietta Edwards and made a mental note to tell his mum and dad, but then instantly dismissed it – all that had been said today would be reported in the European Prophet and his parents would find out soon enough. Once they emerged from the Wizengamot chamber Hermione hugged Harry hard. "That was horrible," she said, wiping away a tear as the Wizengamot witches and wizards filed out followed by Draco Malfoy. In contrast to the Wizengamot Draco nodded towards Harry and Hermione and Hermione smiled back, before she bent her head and buried it onto Harry's shoulder. "That was terrible," she continued. "How can such a witch as Henrietta end up getting killed? It's murder, it has to be. She was at the wrong place at the wrong time, she had to be! She was probably spying on a Conjurist meeting!" "Come on," said Harry, thinking about the apartment where they would be staying that night. Though the trial in terms of Hermione's role was at an end she had decided, Hermione being Hermione, that she should follow up the leads and contacts she had made on her last trip with the hope of gaining further insight into the workings of the European Parliament. Harry had agreed and already he'd invited Ron over to watch the Holland – Ukraine quidditch match. "But I'm not sure I should go out tonight," Hermione sniffed into Harry's shoulder as the illusion of a laid-back wizards' night in evaporated from his minds' eye. In the end though, Hermione did go out for dinner with a witch and a wizard whom she had met in July. Harry, after an afternoon of consoling had gone to the local shop to buy a few cans of butterbeer for the evening and, almost as soon as he had got back Ron had the two of them were taking it easy in front of the 3-D wide-screen television that the room had in it. Once the game had ended (Holland beating Ukraine 230 to 20) Harry and Ron chatted for a while. He told Ron about what had happened that aftetnoon. "I think there's a connection, something that the Conjurists in Europe and those in Britain have in common. It's those pensieves. From what I can tell attacks keep happening at the same time all over the place. It's really stretching the Reciprocators and the Aurors. I wonder if it's happening in Europe too. I wonder…" Harry nodded decisively, "you know, I reckon Henrietta knew it too and she investigated." "What makes you say that?" asked Ron, between sips from his butterbeer bottle, right leg folded on the knee of his left. "She could have been involved." Harry shook his head. "She was one of mum and dad's best friends. She was a Reciprocator. She was dead against Conjurism." "Ah, you say that, but she was also ambitious. Do you think she might be involved if it meant some personal leg-up?" Harry looked at Ron. He had a point. Henrietta's weakness was her narcissistic interest in her career. No-one, not even Sirius, whom she had put way down the list of priorities when it came to it, stood a chance. He changed the subject. "Hermione's out tonight, she thinks she might be able to get some sort of promotion herself before the year's out. I do hope she's right, I could see myself living here, rent free. Hermione would be able to have the wedding she wanted 'cos we could save our rent money. We could still get married on 1st May, as she wants." "Well," said Ron, looking round at the apartment, "there's nothing like an unbiased opinion when it comes to those things. He got to his feet. "Where're you going?" asked Harry, confused. "There's "Match of the Day" on in a minute, and at least another beer with your name on it. "Sorry, mate. Hermione'll be back soon, and I reckon she'll need you. From what you said she sounded a bit emotional after today." "But that doesn't stop you staying," said Harry, confused. But Ron tapped the side of his nose. "Other pots on the stove, Harry. You've got your woman, you can't expect others to wait around." And before Harry could say anything his friend, with his mysterious "other things to do" disapparated. It wasn't long before Harry, having settled down to watch the match highlights between Holland and Ukraine, was joined by Hermione who, uncharacteristically, opened the bottle of butterbeer that Ron had turned down. She waited until the programme had ended, ducking as the quaffle from the game exploded from the TV screen in 3-D, only to be knocked back into play by a beater from the Ukrainian team. Once the credits were on Harry turned off the television. "How was your evening?" he asked, smiling and waiting for Hermione to speak. "Well, my office received a letter from your brother," she began, showing Harry the address. He peered down at the handwriting. It was indeed from Sam. "What's he want?" "Work experience, at the Ministry. But not just in Britain, here in Strasbourg." Her tone was a mixture of amazement and approval. "I know he wants to be an Auror, but…" she looked down at the letter again. "He'll get some good work experience here. Pierre Pfimlin said he'd take him on next summer." "He was impressed by what you had to say last time," commented Harry. "You obviously made it clear what he needed to do to be successful. He wants to be a Reciprocator too, you know. Merlin knows he's spent enough time at Grimmauld Place to get experience. It's never been something that's appealed to me, it's mum and dad's thing, but – " Harry broke off, realising that Hermione was looking away, tears in her eyes. "'mione, what's the matter?" She turned to him, wiping the tears away. "It's just…today," said Hermione, clenching her fists. "I was the last to see Henrietta…and then tonight, Pierre and Petra Pfimlin…they were saying how ambitious I was, they approved of my moving here, and I thought…am I just like her? Am I like Henrietta? Am I going to get myself into some sort of trouble?" She looked down and let out a sob. Harry put his hand on her shoulder. "I mean, no-one knows what happened to her, but I think she was trying to prove something, to get some information out of the Conjurists or some other shady characters to boost her career. She was always a risk-taker." Harry nodded. "Am I going to end up like her? Dead at the bottom of a mountain gorge somewhere?" She burst into further sobs and Harry pulled her closer, letting her cry. He knew that she hadn't been looking forward to her Wizengamot appearance, and obviously being the last person to see someone before they died must be disturbing. When the sobs ebbed to sniffs, Harry leaned back and looked at her in her now red, blotchy, tear-stained face. "You won't," he said, "and you know why?" Hermione held his gaze, waiting for the answer to the question. "Because you're having this conversation now. Because Henrietta never thought like this, she never worried. She was never concerned about things, nothing stopped her or got in her way." He pulled Hermione back close to him for another hug. "What else did you talk about tonight?" "Hedgewards," said Hermione. "Apparently Caelius Lupin's experiment doesn't seem to be getting the support here as it's found in the Ministry at home…not that there's been outright support there either. And the latest news is that Caelius has, with Severus' Snape's approval, decided to limit the use of pensieves at Hedgewards. There's been a big attack tonight and it's been proven that the parents of one student has been sending information to the boy's pensieve about Conjurist activities. So I suppose it's just a matter of time before Caelius instigates a total ban on them. Apparently the boy called a non-wizard misborn." "No! Really?" Harry looked shocked. "Severus and Caelius both put it down to the easy and unlimited access to almost anything that anyone puts onto their pensieve. It's like another world is behind the pensieve, storing things up as they're waiting to be accessed. Apparently Sam told Snape about the Conjurist-thing." "He'd better watch out," said Harry. "He might think he's doing the right thing, but...if Conjurists think nothing of setting fire to non-wizard shops with non-wizard families inside asleep they'll think nothing of attacking him in some way." He shook his head as he recalled the attacks that he and Hermione had witnessed when they had gone out for dinner for her birthday. "And your colleagues still don't mind taking him on?" Hermione smiled. "There, now," said Harry, hoping not to sound too patronising. "And I hope you got a bit of networking done too?" "Petra's thinking of going part-time, just temporarily. Their mother is ill and she wants to care for her. I'm thinking of putting a letter together expressing my interest. The promotion would amount to pretty much the salary I have now, but the accommodation is free, so even with your transport to London we'd be saving money." She smiled again, and Harry hugged her. Goodbye leaky pipes and overgrown garden. Goodbye damp in the kitchen and a smell that no-one could identify. Hello modern furniture, cleaning elf and 3-D television. 88888888
Looking at the bottle of perfume on her table Cecilia imagined the face of her son in her mind, wondering what he had been up to, really up to, not just what he thought to put in his letters, at Hedgewards. She looked at the untidy handwriting and smudge, simultaneously telling him off for his presentation and sympathising with him by showing him her handwriting at his age. He would be having so much fun, she felt sure of it. At least his friend had gone to Hedgewards with him; she'd have felt worse about him leaving for wizard school had he been alone. Jerking her head up at the creak Cecilia realised it was her bedroom door that led out onto the corridor which was open to the elements. Pulling her cardigan on Cecilia reminded herself about where he could have been, what he might be doing had he been at a different school. Perhaps he would be isolated in a non-wizard school…his father still being unconscious and little contact with wizards. Had he been here she felt sure he would have felt isolated too. The students were integrated, granted, but there was still a lot of division, a lot of separation culminating from academic pursuits and the cut-throat competition that came with it. Though she was not intending to teach that day, for example, as it was a Sunday she knew that, should she cross between floors in the main quadrangle that separated the teachers' quarters from the classrooms there would be throngs of students watching the area a foot from the ceiling hoping that a teacher had changed their mind and decided to have a lesson. It wasn't as if people were secretive, rather they didn't want to be bothered with one another. But, further than that, the general attitude of the teacher-researchers was that integration with non-wizards was, and would be a failure for, in their opinion, non-wizards were inherently lazy, stupid and antisocial and their mixing with wizard students would sully them, leaving them open to bad habits. Cecilia recalled the words now, written down in Felix Felixssohn's research notes. "Recommend eradication," were the words at the end. Part of her was shocked to the core, that such emotionless words had been used in an academic report about a group of people, one that she belonged to. Another part of Cecilia wasn't surprised, though, when she thought about it: such was the manner of everyone at Durmstrang. All of their research was controversial, but was never intended to be shared with anyone, not least because it may then be used by wizards for purposes that the researchers, as a whole, would disapprove. She looked down at the letter she had written to Caelius, detailing the information she had collected over the last fortnight, of which wizards were carrying out which research, any latest developments and the translation of some of Felixssohn's work by Ragnhild herself. Ragnhild, thought Cecilia, thinking back to her statement about the research here being controversial. Her work was to find evidence for a link between redheads and magical ability, none of which could be called controversial in any way, although the amount of time Professor Andersson had given to her research, nearly eight years, was probably the most controversial part. She looked down at the letter again before folding it neatly, sealing it and, much to her annoyance but knowing it was for the best, leaving it on her table rather than leaving her room and risking being involved in a lesson that she had neither planned for or become psychologically prepared. Cecilia leaned back in her chair and looked at the ceiling. What would have happened, she supposed, if she had turned on her heel and walked away, as Dumbledore had offered at their first meeting in a different dimension on a hot 15th July at 13, Grimmauld Place? What about if she had not been prepared to fit into the Reciprocators, avoided Remus Lupin and asked Aberforth Dumbledore for help? Would her memory have been altered? Why had she been so ready to accept magic in the first place? Did she hate the world that much that anything new and exciting was such a refuge to her? Had he told her other people, other muggles, had been working for the Order to comfort her? Or did he mean in his role as the last Reciprocator? She closed her eyes and started to fight the old familiar headache that was starting up, like an old acquaintance at the back of her head and the negative feelings of doubt, mistrust of her own actions and thus the corresponding feelings like before entering her soul. If only she was back in the Old Place, working on something for Remus and trying to help Harry by not disappearing behind the veil to fix something in the past. Now there was little point of considering what might have happened had she had given her Remus the potion she had made that would curtail or control his lycanthropy – that, like the Universal Link, had been taken away from her – but it didn't stop her imagining her Remus's face when she gave him something which reduced his symptoms to nearly nothing. It did not stop her imagining the great effect on the world had she managed to alter the base and top notes enough for Harry to defeat Voldemort. A little thought, another dear friend, remembered to ask her if she had ever really loved the Remus Lupin here… …Cecilia shook her head, her hair flying about her, before opening her eyes. She was resolute, she had to be. She was teaching here, no matter what she thought of the place, she was reporting to Caelius everything she could, reams and reams of information which she knew would take up a lot of his time…he wanted information, he would get it…she would be a martyr of a wife and mother, rising above the dreadful reduction of her circumstances, the ignominy of being banished back here again… Her eyes drifted back to her son's letter. Her darling boy had remembered her birthday and sent her a recent report that Minerva had written about his ability at transfiguration – she had written that he had potential and "a natural ability in the subject..." Her Septimus, who knew exactly what to give his mother to make her happy. Which is why she would do what she could here to the best of her ability. She would keep calm and carry on, in the bloody-minded spirit of the fact that she was going to do her best to the point of driving her brother-in-law insane with her conscientious application of his words to her. She would, at every opportunity, ask Caelius about Remus's health. She would talk to her friend about things knowing that few if any other wizards and witches here spoke to her. She would teach. Picking up a pen and beginning a letter to send to Septimus, she smiled at the thought of him. And Cecilia Lupin, nee Frobisher, nee Wells, lost woman from another dimension so easily swayed with self-pity if she let herself be, would do all of this faithfully and dutifully until she was allowed to go home again. 88888888 Septimus Lupin was staring out of the window watching the Gryffindor quidditch team crossing the courtyard and towards the gates. The gold and red of their kit stood out against the grey of the castle masonry and the grey of the weather – midway through October and it was dull with set-in rain and dense cloud. Absently he felt at his ribs – though he had been taken to the hospital wing to see Madam Pomfrey she had dismissed his aches as "being winded, no bones broken. Now, be away with you, can't you see I'm busy enough without self-inflicted injuries?" Self-inflicted, he remembered thinking to himself. Now, just over a week since the match, he analysed what had happened again. He had not fallen from his broom for his health (clearly) and, as he thought about how he had let gravity take over when he'd given up the air-pressure as Ariella had fallen. He'd seen her a couple of times in the past week but each time she had scuttled past them, refusing to look at him. "Weird," Julian had said. "If you'd tried to help me if I'd been falling, I would have at least said, "thank you"." "You all right?" From the rain-spattered lead-decorated window Septimus drew his eyes and turned. It was Darren and he had tonight's homework tucked under his arm. "Yep. You done it yet?" Darren shook his head. "Me neither." It had been so strange. A week felt a long time when he recalled the moment he'd got back to the common room on the evening of the match, after speaking to Snape. He'd crawled through the tunnel past the Fat Lady before dropping onto the thick, patterned carpet. Very few students were up but there, on one of the sofas reading a magazine about quidditch he could see Darren Black's dark head, bobbing behind the pages. He'd approached Darren, who'd put down the magazine, they'd shaken hands and that was that. Darren had told him that Julian had gone to see Madam Pomfrey about his cough and Septimus had told him how brilliant it was that his uncle Sirius had woken up. Darren had then told him that he was sorry his father was still ill. Once Julian had come back the next day, the three of them made their way to breakfast before hurrying down to the quidditch pitch with packed lunches trying to make sure they had a good view from the stands for the three house matches that were to take place that day. And in the week that followed Septimus, Julian and Darren had become inseparable, as it they had been friends all their lives. "It's rock," said Darren, shaking his head. "I mean, I know that the work's supposed to be difficult but this is taking the mick." He looked down at the parchment again. History of Magic and Non-Wizard History. Professor Binns, though an expert in history (having lived through some of it and existed as dead through the rest) had clearly struggled to integrate the two areas into this subject and, as such, History lessons were twice as long as they should have been, meaning students were missing their evening as Binns covered the topic again, but from the Non-Wizard point of view. "I mean, how are we supposed to know what General Wellington would have done if Napoleon had been a wizard. Napoleon would have won, there would have been a French empire in Europe and we would be speaking French." "Just put that," said Septimus. "I mean, from what I know, and that was from Mum, Wellington won because of the weather and because the Prussians got there in the nick of time. His strategy would have probably failed against Napoleon's if these things hadn't gone his way." "OK, you put that, and the bit I said, and I'll put it too." Darren looked back down at his parchment. "Oh, Merlin, how are we supposed to cover 13½ inches of parchment?" "Waffle about something and write big." Julian's voice interrupted them both and Darren and Septimus turned. "It's all we can hope for. Unless you want to start going on about rubber boots and brandy." Both of them frowned. "Oh come on…rubber boots…Wellingtons…brandy…Napoleon brandy…?" Julian shook his head and both Darren and Septimus laughed. It was Julian's turn to laugh when Darren took out his wand and conjured a spectre of a pair of boots being filled with a ghostly bottle of brandy before the boots then kicked the bottle towards the chimney breast of the common room's fireplace, laughing louder when two students ducked unnecessarily, shouting, "hey", and "watch it!" at Darren. "C'mon," said Septimus, jumping off the window seat. "Where're we going?" Julian looked at him quizzically. "The owlery. Mum should have got her owl by now; I want to see if she's sent one back." 88888888 In the centre of the circluar room at the top of the tower in one of the highest mountains in the Black Forest a globe, in the centre of a box, hovering as if repelled magnetically from the base, glowed turquoise. From his chair near the window Albus Dumbledore watched it as white wisps of smoke danced and curled within, changing shape at will as he watched. The Prime Pensieve where, unknown to the outside world, all thoughts ever stored in magical surroundings, caged, enticed, moved, stolen, all were accessible. What could be seen on the surface of the globe, which was about a foot in diameter and shimmered even on the darkest of nights, was only a tiny fraction of the volume of the pensieve. As he watched the thin strands of gaseous material swirl around Dumbledore pondered the immediate future, stroking his beard thoughtfully. No-one knew of the existence of the device, so powerful as it was that it could access any memory that had been taken from a mind, but care must be exercised. It was the interpretation of memories that posed problems; no context existed for the observer, no narrative that made the memory make sense. When accessing the information care had to be taken to make sure that because of the memory, deliberately given like those being thought and stored by students at Hedgewards, so banal as to be comical, or unconsciously, like from lovers who mistrusted one another, akin to going through the others' pockets, that key information, locations, names and so on, unfounded conclusions were not drawn. Which was why, despite his lover's anxiety to get on with it, Gellert Grindelwald's keenness and excitement for action, to have a showdown for the honour and glory of his beliefs, all of those such things Albus knew that drove him on, that for this part of the work, the foundation on which the glorious showdown would be played, must be laid with care and delicacy. A chill breeze blew its way through the open window. The whole of this section of the tower, which rose like a shard of glass from the mountain, was exposed to the elements. It had to be like this, of course: pensieves worked far more efficiently in cold environments. All those people who had bought the new-fangled ones, keeping them coat pockets and the like, complaining that they didn't work properly had only themselves to blame. Dumbledore looked at the Prime Pensieve again. So beautiful, so elegant... …he rose to his feet and approached, as if approaching a frozen lake, tentatively, his arms stretched out. All he had to do to access anything he wanted was to put his hands upon it and his mind would be filled, teeming like a fishpond, with thoughts, feelings, visions, all of which had overwhelmed and broken the minds of lesser wizards… Of course, the potential to access all the memories in the world was open to everyone, like a book, but this book would hit you all at once with the prologue, opening words, key scenes, finale and epilogue filling your head all at once, confusing, disorienting, bewildering, the sheer power of the thing taking over your mind, causing delusions and madness. For Dumbledore however, with his skill in legilimency and occlumency it was a case or organising what was there into pieces and sections in the room around him before perusing the scene at his leisure. It had been a joy to use the pensieve to send information to those in different countries, reinforcing their beliefs, validating their attacks around the continent. Such a method was subtle and sophisticated, befitting the noble name of wizard. And it wasn't as if such low-key events were going to continue indefinitely: soon, the action that his lover wanted he would get, and if that didn't satisfy Gellert Grindelwald then nothing would. But care needed to be exercised politically: that was Grindelwald's area of expertise. The Ministry in Britain and the European Government was not getting anywhere near enough information they needed to work out that they were behind the attacks and even if they did it would take decades for action to happen for the European Court of Wizard Rights would argue that to pursue action against those who were following the lore of ancient wizardry was illegal. Should be, thought Dumbledore, shaking his head, for that hot-headed wizard was not content on continuing to string Henrietta Edwards along once he had the inside information about the British Ministry to pass on to him but had to eliminate her, the consequence being waves being made in Strasbourg for they understandably had concerns when she hadn't shown up. A noise from the right caused Dumbledore to turn and he smiled slowly at Grindelwald who was standing at the top step, watching him consider his pensieve. "And what were you thinking about, stuck up here all morning?" Grindelwald took a step onto the stone floor. Dumbledore watched him walk over to him before turning back to the shimmering blue globe, watching further strands of memories slink around before disappearing off into the aether, into the world where they had been placed both within the globe itself and in the dimension in which they were held, accessible only in a few rare places of the world. "I was considering the actions that the European Government have taken as a result of Miss Edwards." Another wisp formed on the surface and, as though as it had realised it had been seen, immediately shrank away. "Henrietta, yes, yes, of course." Behind him Dumbledore heard Grindelwald approach. "Let them look, let them investigate…it's inconsequential in our grand scheme of things…" To his right Grindelwald appeared and began to stare at the pensieve too. "All too soon we will have our allies fighting our battles for us, at the end of this month we will have achieved so much." "And you will have what we need?" Dumbledore turned, looking at him. "Of course." "Because…Lupin…they are concerned about the attack on him." "Let them be occupied with that as well," replied Grindelwald, looking back at Dumbledore, who was now looking back at the globe, his hands rising to meet its outer glass walls." He paused. "You will have done all that is required by then?" "There has been an inquiry into Miss Edwards' death," Dumbledore said, ignoring the question. "Yes. It is unfortunate that I had to dispose of her in a non-wizard way." Grindelwald began to walk behind Dumbledore, making his way to the other side of Albus. "Pity, she made an excellent contact. But, back to what I was asking you, will you done all that will be required?" Dumbledore turned to him and both wizards exchanged a look. "Indeed." "And you will have the information necessary?" Dumbledore closed is eyes slowly, before turning back to the Prime Pensieve's globe and raising both hands again. "From our rat in the British Ministry?" "I would hardly call him a rat; his figure is…statuesque…" "And yet not got one of our three objects are in our possession, despite his promises? And you want me to be trustful?" Dumbledore lowered his hands, resulting in a small flicker in the atmosphere of the gas behind the glass of the pensieve. "I have told you several times Gellert that I need to consider the effects of the events fed into them carefully." He shook his head as if lecturing to a child before making his way over to the naked window. "The ministry in Britain is beside itself with fear and worry, like sheep in a field with foxes, not knowing which way to turn. We have them, and will have them yet, as we have planned." Behind him Grindelwald followed, looking over his shoulder as he stood just to his right, overseeing the same landscape as they had done for decades, mountains iced with snow, intense sunlight making for vivid colours and contrasts. "And your other source?" "Gifted…talented…powerful…above suspicion…" he glanced at Grindelwald. "I would trust him with my life." "Would you trust him with mine?" Dumbledore chuckled. "No. But then, in the end that will not matter." "No," agreed Gellert Grindelwald, encircling an arm around Albus's waist. "It will not. And so, shall we go over the arrangements for the end of the month?" 88888888 "Wow!" Julian shook his head as he stepped down from the What they learned about in Social Studies. "I mean..wow!" "That good, eh?" Septimus began to pick up the pace. After a afternoon of hard work, hard work on something he had had drummed into him since he could understand it he was in need of some of some food and a break. "The way Professor Snape talks about it, like he was the one who came up with it." "That's because he was," said Septimus, pausing as a flood of other first years dispersed behind them. "Eh?" Julian stopped too, looking quizzical. "Yeah, that's right." Darren, following behind them, "he did. Didn't you listen?" "He said…something about being the most important development of the century in understanding wizards," said Julian. "Well, I suppose he didn't actually say," conceded Septimus, beginning to walk in the direction of the Great Hall. Both of his friends began walking too – the last lesson on any Friday was always sociology, and it always seemed like it went on an hour too long – and they quickened to avoid the egress of the third years who were coming up from the dungeon from their "Practical Defence" lessons. Julian, who had recovered from his virus, had been paying a great deal of attention to his studies recently but in his distracted state Septimus realised that it had been the third years, presumably, who had been doing all the screaming when Professor Snape had been showing them images of DNA patterns. Oh, to have been down there with the third years rather than having to listen to something that he knew almost as well as his own name. "How do you know then?" "All wizards know," said Darren as the larger students pushed past them. "It's like being told about the 1966 World Cup by Bobby Moore, or –" " – botany by Joseph Banks." "Exactly," said Septimus before Darren could ask, "who?" "But seriously…wow!" said Julian again as they paced into the Great Hall. "Double-wow if our headmaster discovered it!" Already it was filling up, which wasn't surprising. Two weeks into October and the Quidditch training was high on the agenda of all of the houses. Less importantly, to the students at least, was the increase in the amount of homework that had been set; just that week they had five subjects to do work for, due for the following Monday and Tuesday. Septimus looked around the room as he half-listened to Julian telling him and Darren exactly why he thought the idea of the Universal Link was so "wow". At least he could do his summary that night. It was like reciting a bedtime story – in fact, on so many occasions it had been his bedtime story, along with Grimelda, the Seven Giants and the Hedgehog and the Ninjas of Bodmin Moor. "Imagine you had to hide a secret," he could hear the voice of his mother say in the audio memory of his mind. "Where would you hide it?" But, as Darren and Julian began to draw up the pros and cons of quidditch and football, something that had entertained them all every dinnertime since Darren had become their friend, he began to consider something that Professor Snape had said to them in the lesson, about the so-called "W"-gene that metabolised energy, something that, if you were a wizard you had, because that was the part that made your body be able to handle and process spells. In effect, Professor Snape had said, the strength of this gene determines how powerful a wizard you are, but, he was at pains to reinforce, even a person whose "W" gene acted weakly, allowing them to only do limited magic, they were still a wizard. Wizards' bodies had then the ability to metabolise the energy to convert magic to spells. He knew about it of course; that afternoon, instead of Professor Snape, his mother could have been speaking. But – - you could live your life not thinking about magic…you might never be in a situation to think about it, but when given opportunity might find one spell they can do…some people never went or came into situations that made them use magic…but here, Hedgewards was all about the use of magic… Before he had a chance to contemplate this again Septimus looked up from his pudding of Spotted Dick and custard to see a curly-haired member of Gryffindor being dragged to the table by a house elf. Septimus narrowed his eyes – he recognised the elf: it was the one who had followed him round the whole time in the summer when he had come to visit. "Here," declared the house elf as he pushed Rufus Lestrange in their direction. "He says he knows you!" And, as Rufus sat down the house elf, who Septimus knew to be called "Dobby" (for he had told him repeatedly when he'd visited) added, "if you come down to the kitchens again Winky will cut you up and put you in the pudding." Septimus grinned, trying to suppress a giggle and noticing that Julian and Darren were trying to do the same. Unmoved, Rufus T. F. Lestrange swung his legs over the bench and asked for the main course as if nothing had happened. "So, er, Rufus, why were you down in the kitchens?" Julian's mock-seriousness with undertones of mick-taking made Septimus splutter into his robe-sleeve. Rufus turned and smiled politely at Julian. "Oh, I heard singing," he replied, immune as he appeared to be, to the sarcasm. "I recorded it on my PP." "Your pee-pee?" Darren looked away as he asked, turning red in the face as he forced himself not to laugh. "Portable Pensieve," Rufus replied, pulling it out of his robe. "Sixteen-part harmony is incredibly difficult to achieve, impossible in humans at any rate. But I can hear it when I like on my PP; manipulate the score…I'm going to ask Professor Flitwick if I can let the choir hear it; I could even write a piece to be sung…" "So what did you do to annoy the elves?" asked Septimus, pushing away his half-eaten pudding. "Have no idea," Rufus replied, shaking his dark head of curls. "I mean, I just recorded them – the acoustics in the kitchens are superb – the fans had to be switched off of course, and I doused the cauldrons…" "When they were trying to make dinner?" asked Julian, aghast as the others were at the boy's apparent actions. "Oh yes. How else were they going to hear the metrognome? He works so hard, stamping out the time signature, it wouldn't have been fair for him not to have been heard." "Whereas risking the entire castle not having any food was perfectly fine, was it?" Rufus frowned at Darren, failing to catch on. "Never mind," Darren said, before turning to Septimus, leaving Julian to shake his head in disbelief at Rufus Lestrange. "Are you going to watch the quidditch practice?" "For a while," said Septimus. "I'd like to see Gryffindor's strategy." "Rubbish," said Rufus, not looking at them, but at his portable pensieve as he spooned his pudding into his mouth. "And what would you know about it?" demanded Darren, frowning in annoyance. "Not much, but mum does. She's the Minister for Sport for the Ministry." He looked up, and straight ahead. "Come to that, she's specifically the Minister for Quidditch, but anyway. She says Gryffindor win on luck, when they do win. It's Ravenclaw that win on strategy." "Call yourself a Gryffindor?" said Julian, his exasperation finally making him get to his feet. "Come on," he said to Septimus and Darren. "We've got some strategyless Gryffindor quidditch to watch!" "What? You don't know the first thing about quidditch," Darren replied as Septimus got up too. "I don't care, I'm learning. Besides, you always support your own, no matter what." It was when they got to the door, Darren commenting that, of course, he should have known from the name that Rufus must have been related to Bellatrix Lestrange, world-class quidditch player and Minister for Sport, before they stopped dead at the crack and flash of light behind them. All three turned…in fact, all of the students in the Great Hall had their eyes on the spot where Septimus, Julian and Darren had been sitting. There, next to Rufus, who was staring at the charred remains of his metrognome, stood Fraser Blewitt, his wand in hand. "You just stop it!" Darren was charging towards Fraser, much to Septimus's surprise. Darren had his wand out and, though small, was picking up a speed to match his obvious fury. Confused, Fraser raised his wand from causing the imminent destruction of Rufus's pensieve and stared at Darren Black. "How dare you pick on him!" "Stay out of this, Black!" He levelled his wand at Darren who, instead of shrinking back like many would do, drove onwards until he was standing next to Rufus Lestrange. "No! You're a bully! And a murderer!" He gestured towards the metrognome's 3-dimensional trapezium-shaped box. Around them students were crowding, Julian and Septimus among them. "Careful!" shouted Septimus as Fraser took a step towards Darren, standing over him. "This is none of your business!" Rufus looked at him impassively. "The gnome's back in the music classroom. But I don't know what Professor Flitwick will think about the destruction of the box. It's made of cherry wood, because of the resonance you see – " he broke off as Fraser turned his wand sharply and pointed it at Rufus's stomach. Rufus looked down at it, deadpan. From the teachers' table two, Professors Longbottom and Flitwick were homing in on the confronation. "Just – stay – away – from – my – sister!" Fraser poked Rufus in the stomach sharply in the stomach before lowering his wand as Longbottom got to them, who turned Fraser Blewitt around at the shoulder and began to lead him away. "She only wanted to know about the music on my pensieve!" shouted back Rufus, before turning to Septimus. "She just asked about the pensieve," he repeated, frowning a little. "I wonder why he'd get so angry over that!" "Are you all right?" asked Professor Flitwick, the students around them drifting away. "I'm sorry," said Rufus, pointing to the metrognome's case. "It was one of the best I've ever seen! I wonder what caused him to be so – " he broke off as Flitwick grabbed the case and hurried after the retreating Professor Longbottom and Fraser Blewitt, stamping his way towards them. "Wow," Rufus said, his curly hair bouncing as he turned to Septimus, Julian and Darren. "Whoever'd think that someone would get so annoyed by music. "But, are you all right, though?" asked Septimus, "he didn't hurt you?" "No," said Rufus. "But I'd have been really annoyed if he'd have done something to this. Do you know I've got fifty-five different bird songs on here, all from around the grounds?" "Come on," said Darren. "If we spend too long here we'll miss the start of the practice. "What on earth have you got against Fraser Blewitt?" asked Septimus. Darren stopped, Julian bumping into the back of him. "Don't you know?" "Watch it!" exclaimed Julian. "Know what?" Darren looked at him darkly. "Let's just say, it's personal, against…family." "Why?" In the doorway of the Great Hall all three of them stopped again. Rufus Lestrange had clearly taken Darren at his word and followed them. "What has he done to your family? Sure, his family are Conjurists, but there's no reason to destroy school property." "What are you doing?" "Going to watch the quidditch training," said Rufus, his face breaking into a smile. "That's where you're going, isn't it?" Julian rolled his eyes in exasperation but said nothing. Darren shrugged, which left Septimus to nod. They crossed the courtyard in silence, lit as it was by flaming torches which lined the passages of the school until they reached the steps that led down to the quidditch pitch. "Your mum's Bellatrix Black," said Darren, hopping down them. "we're related, I think." "Yes," said Rufus. "She's not Bellatrix Black any more, though, not since she married my Dad and became the Minister for Sport when she had me." "Well I never!" said Darren. "What?" asked Julian. "Bellatrix Black is the only witch who has never been on a losing team! She's famous!" "She stopped playing for the Blackpool Banshees a long time ago," said Rufus. "Yes!" said Septimus. "And she's the best minister the ministry have got, so says my Uncle Kay!" "She believes all the world's problems would be solved if everyone participated in one sport or another. It's what she has in mind," Rufus added dolefully, rolling his eyes. "Non-wizards, wizards of limited ability, powerful ones…everyone would get along if they all played a sport. She doesn't care for music," he added sadly. For a moment Rufus reminded him of Eeyore from the "Winnie the Pooh" books, sorrowfully accepting life as it came to him. "Fascinating," said Julian, tapping his head again. "Where shall we sit?" said Darren, craning his neck towards the stand. "There's hardly anyone here. Septimus?" But Septimus said nothing; he just stopped and looked up to the Owlery. Something had occurred to him. "Hang on," he said, marching off. "Where're you going?" demanded Darren, as he and Julian followed him. Hurrying behind them Rufus Lestrange. "To see if Mum's written back," he said. "I won't be long. Save us a seat, will you?" Julian and Darren looked at one another, before nodding in unison. Like the quidditch stands the Owlery was devoid of many owls. Friday was a busy night; a lot of students wanted to get letters home as soon as possible so as to get a reply before Monday. No school owls were available and quickly Septimus crossed the stone floor to the slots where immediate mail was dispatched looking for something for him. Nothing. Sighing deeply he crossed over to the nursery where the young owls were, Mervyn amongst them, who were learning to be post-owls. It would take about a year so, by next year, he would be able to take letters to Mum, or anywhere, for that matter. "Hello," he said, fussing Mervyn behind the ears. "Sorry, I've not got anything for you," he added, realising why he was staring at Septimus expectantly. "There'll still be plenty of mice for you this time of year," he added, "and I'll come with some bacon tomorrow morning." Septimus was just turning to go when Mervyn brushed his hand and Septimus nuzzled him behind the ears again. "Good Mervyn," he added. "Mervyn?" "Rufus?" "Yes, I thought I'd come with you. You are going back to the quidditch tonight?" Septimus nodded in the moonlight. "Well then, I can walk with you." Before Septimus had a chance to ask Rufus why he hadn't just gone with Julian and Darren Rufus had added, "but why do you call your owl Mervyn?" "Well, cos…that's his name?" "His?" Rufus shook his head. "Your owl's not a boy." He stepped forward and fussed Septimus's owl. To his surprise Mervyn let him, cooing and chirruping. "You're saying…?" "Your owl's a girl, yes." "A girl?" Well I never! "Dad's a breeder," said Rufus, matter-of-factly. "What I don't know about owls…" He shook his head. Septimus looked back at Mervyn…Mervyna…? "I don't think she likes that," said Rufus, still fussing Septimus's owl and Septimus realised he'd spoken the name aloud "She is adorable," he added. Septimus smiled, thinking about the tag that had been on the owl's cage, the label written in a variety of languages. "Adoriel", said Septimus, smiling at his owl. "I've got a cousin who goes to Beauxbatons called Dorielle," said Rufus. "Dead into music too," Dorielle, thought Septimus, smiling at his little gift. "Dorielle it is then," said Septimus, matter-of-factly before turning and heading out of the owlery. Rufus followed him and they made their way down the helical outer staircase of the building. 88888888
"And you've come, Snape, to give your position on this matter? From the pastoral, educational sphere?" Around the Cabinet table in the Ministry Caelius Lupin looked up from the report that Severus Snape had given him. It was early in the morning, so early in fact that it could easily hae been mistaken for late the previous night. Few ministerial wizards were with them; several were on call to the Reciprocators, such as Demescue Goole, the head of the Aurors, Dave Mullen and both Lestranges, should those wizards on duty that night need them; as such they had been on leave for the day and would not resume ministerial duties until the next evening. Others were working on the revised social and fiscal policies which would integrate the European Parliament's laws with those of Britain, a meeting which had occurred the evening before with the entire cabinet and would have involved all still had Caelius not received the message from Severus Snape regarding Fraser Blewitt. Enough now were available for Caelius to call on in order to qualify Snape for the cabinet hearing for Caelius was keen to minimise the impact of this on the school and in the wider world. He knew that several of the cabinet would not be so keen to subdue it though: it was illegal to use the term "misborn" no matter what, for the connotations that it suggested. The older cabinet post-holders, Herbert, Jones, Dainty, Forteskew, had been outraged at the short message that Caelius had received during the Social and Fiscal Policy hearing and had insisted they be present to hear what Snape had to say. Others not involved in the prior meeting had been enlisted to make up the numbers. Mick Mullen had ambled in – late – put his feet up, crossed at the ankle, on the desk before winking at Severus and swigging from his coffee cup. Gregor of the Department of Mysteries was there too and Snape had forced the questions from his head regarding Tabitha as he had arrived, shuffling slowly across the onyx-blocked floor and muttering to himself loudly, immersed almost entirely in his own world. It would be pointless in any case; were he to talk to Gregor, the muttering Head of that mad and crazy department, he may well get an answer, but whether it would in any way relate to his question was a different matter. Lucius Malfoy had sent, on gilded paper in beautiful handwritten script, his apologies for having to be at the fiscal integration meeting. Hervert Herbert, Head of the Ministry for Defence had been seated well before the start of the meeting, as if he had been there all night, and the previous day, inanimate save for his leafing through a pile of parchments with official Ministry stamps on them. Jane Jones, of Wizardly Transport, Dulcie Dainty, her pinched features focused beadily on Snape and Evelyn Forteskew of the Magical Protection Agency, three witches opposed, in general, to Caelius Lupin, sat upright and still, as if poised to pounce on any weak assertion made by either Caelius or Severus Snape. "Indeed." Snape pushed the document in the direction of Caelius Lupin who lifted his spectacles and read the cover before turning over the first page and scanning the contents. "Hm. Hm," he replied, before letting go his glasses and looking at Snape. "You do indeed appear to be reporting a somewhat grave situation unfolding at Hedgewards. How are you controlling this?" Opposite, Snape breathed in sharply. Caelius, and his usual manner of blunt indifference towards those to whom he spoke when trying to ascertain the truth, was already beginning to annoy him and he swallowed down the biting comments that always arose in his mind at times like these. "Yes, Severus," Dulcie Dainty leaned forwards, looking up from the minutes that were being written in front of her eyes which were a summary of the document that Caelius had just read. "We are all keen to know, such is your responsibility for all the impressionable children you have in your care." Snape shifted, unused to the charming manner of the Head of the Control of Magical Creatures, before inclining his head. He had been to see Dulcie on several occasions since he had begun to research a potion for Remus Lupin. Of the vampires she had under her control, in the security of Azkaban, one had been useful, having provided tissue samples that Snape had used for his initial tests. "Wizards," Snape looked around him, nodding at the wizards of the female persuasion, "witches. I have merely used sanctions as laid down by school policy. As I told you in my briefing owl Fraser Blewitt had used the term towards a non-wizard student at Hedgewards during an argument on Saturday at a quidditch match. He has been punished at school, his privileges withdrawn and his parents notified – " " – hmph!" snorted Gregor, though probably by accident – the Head of the Department of Mysteries was staring at the ever-moving whirl of cloud that was the Cabinet room's ceiling – though several wizards nodded in agreement: Blewitt's family were suspected conjurists and it would mean little if anything to them that their son had used the "M" word. "Of course, I've explained to the boy that, as well as his education being in jeopardy, his meeting with the aurors who arrived this evening to Hedgewards meant that the incident would amount to an auror-record. He was reprimanded by Yarrow Gifford and Phlogistus Bim. The record should be with your department, Hervert," he added. "It is where we go from here that is important," Snape continued, looking at Caelius. "As the government now controls Hedgewards it is vital that we agree to the response that is taken. "The question is: should the boy still be at school?" Hervert Herbert looked at Caelius too. "For such a transgression of the law, towards a non-wizard at Hedgewards, when you are trying to foster integration and harmony between wizards and non-wizards." A murmur arouse. The point made by Herbert became an instant conversation point as it appeared on the minutes before them. Several wizards nodded in agreement; Jane Jones and Dulcie Dainty both nodded to one another and Gregor, though probably in another example of coincidence, looked around the Cabinet chamber and shouted, "Yes!" Caelius looked around at the wizards too. Were they assenting to Blewitt's expulsion? Students had been expelled for less. Yet this was a delicate situation and required similar handling. The only wizard who had not spoken on the matter was Mick Mullen and it was at that moment he chose to unfold his legs at the ankle and take his feet off the table. The cabinet wizards stopped talking one by one and looked at Mullen, respecting his unspoken signal that he wished to speak. "If we do that then that will only serve to drive a wedge between the wizard and non-wizard students at Hedgewards, in my opinion." The last three words he spoke with a grin and he waved his hand over his coffee cup, the water vapour from the instantly boiling coffee spiralled from the beverage's surface. He waited for one or two of the ministers to speak before shuffling upright into his seat from his semi-recumbent position. "Think about it: we expel Blewitt and it sends a signal to those wizards who also come from homes with a strong conjurist background. Parents will become defensive, opinion will become polarised. Now, I'm not saying what Blewitt's done is right, but the aurors have dealt with him and let him off with a caution. Should you, Professor Snape, be seen to expel him it would imply that Hedgewards believes the auror action was inadequate. We need a united front." "All the more reason to let it be known not acceptable here!" explained Evelyn Forteskew shrilly. "I have relatives of non-wizard heritage who have had to suffer the ignominy of being slandered misborn." She shook her head and looked down. Snape meanwhile had been sitting still, and had been listening impassively. Now he leaned forward. "It is my opinion that we have dealt with the boy in line with policy and his punishment, isolation from his peers for a week, withdrawal of privileges, a member of staff with him during the evenings, all of which support the actions taken by Gifford and Bim on behalf of the aurors. Our staff are aware that I have taken a course of action which is hard on Fraser Blewitt. I understand that, in accordance with auror policy, his parents have been visited." "Indeed," Hervert Herbert sniffed, clearing his throat, before withdrawing his wand. He waved it towards a sheet of parchment, on top of which another appeared, opened by itself. Herbert bent low, squinting behind his spectacles and wrinkling his nose. "Indeed. Both aurors called upon the Blewitt family, issuing a notice to them regarding Fraser's transgression. It told them that he was cautioned and, should he break the law again between now and the age of seventeen this would result in his arrest." Herbert looked around, waiting for someone to say something. "However it is not my opinion that counts," continued Snape as he filled the silence. "I will, as ever, enact the wishes of the Cabinet of the Ministry for Magic". "My point entirely," agreed Mick Mullen, reaching for his coffee before slumping down in his chair and crossing his legs again, ignoring the futile scowl from Caelius. "Then we must vote." Caelius, Head of of the Department of Relations (and, as such, deputy minister for magic) stood up, as was the custom, and he began walking around the perimeter of the wizards and witches, signalling silent contemplation. As he completed a circuit he stopped. "I propose that Fraser Blewitt should not be expelled from Hedgewards School of Ministry for Magic and should be dealt ." Succint, thought Snape as the ministers fell silent again. Pertinent. Not, "should students who use the "M"-word be expelled", not a general ruling. Just Fraser Blewitt. Just this incident. He watched as Caelius began his procession around the table again. Two more circuits and he stopped again. "Those in favour?" Eight hands rose. "Against?" Six. Caelius surveyed the wizards again. All had voted, no abstentions. "Then we have it." He turned to Severus Snape. "You are to deal with Fraser Blewitt as you see fit." Snape nodded as chatter erupted in pockets around the table, Evelyn Forteskew and Jane Jones turning towards one another and speaking rapidly. He was about to rise as the ministets chatted when someone spoke above the rest. "While we are here I should like to voice a second proposal, something which may help Professor Snape in his duty as guardian of our young minds." Herbert Hervert looked around the wizards. "That's why we are all here, isn't it?" "Indeed," confirmed Caelius cautiously. There was a combined intake of breath – all knew that, starting Hervert Herbert on a subject might mean they'd be there the next afternoon, and that was just to hear his scheme. "Please continue." "From what I can see you have a fundamental flaw in your security at Hedgewards, Snape." Severus Snape said nothing, staring back at the Head of the Aurors impassively. "Oh, don't get me wrong, you are doing everything you can to protect the children in your care, no-one can ask for more. But undoing all your unparalleled hard work is in the unrestricted access that the students have to the outside world, to whit, portable pensieves. I believe they should be banned, Professor Snape, or severely limited at the very least. Did you not say that you suspected Fraser Blewitt to be receiving conjurist material at Hedgewards using his?" "I did. We have no proof, however. But – " "Oh come on!" Dulcie Dainty, her delicate features wrinkling up in disbelief as she interjected. "I don't know much about these portable pensieve things, but my niece has one and she loves it! To be able to access her friends, her parents, to share music – " " – from anyone. Your niece, Miss Dainty, can access anything that has been thought and uploaded. From anyone. Anywhere." "But the pensieve network is regulated. Isn't it?" Dulcie looked sharply at Caelius. "It is. However we can only control what is already there. The floo network is fully occupied with this. New material is accessible for a short time." "And so, here we are again, the long arm of the law meddling!" Evelyn Forteskew got to her feet. "Persecution of the young, this amounts to! What of liberty, what of freedom of speech? What of your staff, Severus, who now, to be equal to the wizards in the European institutions – " here she shot a glance at Caelius – "must be kept abreast of development for their own research interests? We can't uninvent portable pensieves!" "No indeed, Evelyn," said Caelius soothingly. "However the floo network can prevent new, uploaded thoughts getting to influential minds. We have a duty. Their needs and opportunities to broaden their minds must be balanced with responsible care. Teachers will still have access." "But if it had already been accessed by someone at Hedgewards this overrides the regulations that the floo network operators put in place." Herbert looked at Evelyn, who was standing there, slightly embarrassed from her outburst, to Dulcie Dainty, whose mouth was opening and closing in shock, unable to speak before looking at Snape. "You propose that I ban pensieves at Hedgewards entirely?" Snape asked. "I know some teachers are integrating their use into lessons – lectures, homeworks, even the students capturing on moving image their potions lessons so they can practise accurate replication. And it would affect the teachers' pensieves too." Herbert shook his head. "Only that the floo network accessible by those on roll at Hedgewards would be limited and that limit would be what is accessible by the students only. Your staff would not be affected. That way any questionable material that may have been otherwise viewed is not available." "That's all very well," interrupted Jane Jones. "But you said anything that had already been viewed could be shared and the floo network could do nothing about it." Across the table Mick Mullen sat up again. "Professor Snape, if this were to go ahead, pending a vote here tonight, would you be willing to police the wiping of thoughts already stored on portable pensieves owned by students at Hedgewards?" "Of course. Heads of House could oversee this." "Then I think we have a second proposal, for I have long since believed that it is unwise for students to be allowed unlimited access to the pensieve network. I know some parents have allowed the company's block to be put on their child's portable pensieve, a wise move, but equally there are many who have not." "You second my proposal, Mick?" The Minister for Education nodded. For the second time that evening the Ministers voted. For the second time Caelius circled the seated cabinet people, declared the proposal before circling twice more. This time it was unanimous, with Caelius abstaining. "I will begin the process in the morning." Snape said, as a limit on the floo network was passed by the Cabinet. "Students will give their penseives to their heads of house for viewing and deletion of compromising material. Owls will be sent to parents detailing our actions and explaining the antecedents. "How long before access to the floo network is limited to Hedgewards?" "Immediately. I'll send a memo to Arthur Weasley after this session." Shortly afterwards and the wizards and witches left the cabinet room. Some shook hands with one another. Dulcie Dainty and Evelyn Forteskew walked out still talking to one another, Dulcie still clearly taken aback because of she thought she knew about portable pensieves and what she had subsequently found out. As they left Snape heard the words, "Aberforth" and "is that what he would have done?" Were Aberforth to be here, he thought, perhaps none of them would have such a responsibility… Mick ambled out, saluting all as he left, coffee in hand, Gregor pushing past him muttering about a rota for mucking out the Mysteries. As Snape turned to go, making his way towards the cabinet room's fireplace, he felt a hand on his shoulder. "I appreciate the outcome," he said as Caelius placed his other hand on the mantelpiece. "Anything which allows the school to reflect the outside world only makes us stronger. The students will see that Blewitt is to pay for his utterance, acting as his punishment will as a deterrent." "The bills are on their way to the Minister for Magic," confirmed Caelius. "They are as good as done, such is the nature of law, and the Minister will sign them in the morning." "How is old Pettigrew?" asked Snape, unusually conversational about his old schoolfriend. He was unusually conversational about so many things Caelius felt himself rankle. "The same," said Caelius. "We are lucky to have him." Peter Pettigrew had been headhunted for the European Parliament since its inception but had turned down the role of President eight times. He was happy, he'd always said, to serve the wizard community of Britain and this was his priority. However it also meant that it was unlikely that he would be vacating the position of Minister for Magic in the foreseeable future. But before Snape could take the opportunity to expand on the gloriousness of Peter Pettigrew's perpetual Ministryship Caelius smoothly changed the subject, clapping a hand on the shoulder of the joint Head of the Reciprocators. "So, you have what you wanted?" Snape turned and stared at Caelius. "It's not a case of what I want, only what is necessary for the students. As you saw I did not raise or incite discussion." Caelius shifted between feet as Snape continued to stare as the room now emptied. "A point well raised by Hervert Herbert, I observed." A few of the wizards raised their hands in acknowledgement as they left, to which Caelius responded by nodding. He leaned forward, ignoring Snape's comment. "Snape. Severus," he said, Caelius's voice sounding frank – no-one, not even Severus Snape could remember when Caelius had addressed him by his first name – "tell me – " he gripped his shoulder, " – Remus…what chance is there…for his recovery? I know – " he broke off suddenly before continuing, " – I know what we say to one another, to the Reciprocators, to Septimus. Be honest with me, Severus, what chance has he? What chance have you of saving him, as you did me?" At first Snape did not answer. It was unusual indeed for Caelius to address him so intimately. His initial response was to take the opportunity to belittle him, but Snape knew that, above all else Caelius cared for his family. It would serve no other motive for him to ask so humbly about the prognosis for his brother. "You must understand, Caelius, that I am putting in my best effort. But the situation that your brother is in is complicated, far more so than lycanthropy. His medicine, the potion I have devised is keeping him stable but there will be a tipping point. It is to our advantage that the potion I am to give him tips it in the favour of blocking the toxin to stop it taking over his cells, from changing his DNA into that of a vampire." He paused, taking in the black silence. "He is becoming, or may well have already become photophobic; his is or very soon will be in need of other people's blood to temporarily replace the cells that have or will change that refuse to bind with iron…the compounds I am using contain sulphides originating from the allium family…garlic, you see, which, when I have found the correct blend, inhibits the change in his his cells." "So, would I be right in understanding, from the technicalities of your discourse, that you are making progress." "I cannot comment on the rate of progress, Caelius," Snape warned, "I would not wish to give you false hope. That said, Remus's is unconscious state is the best place for him." "And you're sure it will work?" "No, of course not." Snape eyed Caelius with a critical eye. "I am sure that my method will answer the question, which is not the same thing. The extent to which it will work in your brother's case is unclear, but it will be correct. I aim for it to work, but I cannot be sure. When, may I ask, will you be sending for Mrs Lupin?" Now it was Caelius's turn to look at Snape coolly. He examined the Hedgewards' headmaster's face searching for the joke and was surprised when there was none. "It was cruel to force her back to Durmstrang, surely you must admit that, Caelius," said Snape. "On the contrary, she needs to be able to see her husband." "Should that be an option, she would still be here," replied Caelius icily. "Now, as I've left the potion for my brother in your care, kindly leave politics to me." And with that, Caelius pointed Snape in the direction of the fireplace and turned on his heel, leaving Snape to watch him leave the cabinet chamber, the door closing behind him. 8888888 It was a Sunday morning two weeks into October and the students were relaxing in their common rooms, studying in the library, catching up on sleep from the night before and generally just loosening up after a long week studying. It was now six weeks since the start of term and routines were now well-established. Friendships had formed over quidditch with students discussing the house- and professional quidditch matches; the former's viewing being planned for that afternoon; the latter's for Halloween, when the students had a day's holiday and were deciding which of the matches of the day they might travel to with friends and family. Other students had bonded over other things; music, being shared by their pensieves with ones and twos sitting listening to the latest music groups and bands, sharing headphones or transmitting snippets of one or two of the songs around common rooms and, shortly after, being shouted at to turn it off. But not only music. The portable pensieves were far more sophisticated than just audio tracks; news, messages between pensieve-owners, short and to the point over, well, things that girls talked about; the boys keener on games that could be accessed and played three-dimensionally – wizard chess was always popular, but also "Defeat the Vampire", a highly popular game which allowed the player to do as the title suggested. As he looked about the common room, waiting for Julian to return from his check-up from Madam Pomfrey (his cold becoming much better, but still lingering) and Darren from the library, who had gone to stake out the shelves where Madam Pounce, who had assured him that one of the copies of, "Hedgewards: a History" would be returned (it was only after they'd realised their history projects were due in on Monday and that, for his, Darren needed a copy of the book, not being able to use his because it had become an ashy mess on the floor of the Gryffindor dorm floor in an accident involving, well, lots of larking about), Septimus began to feel a little sad. He felt around in his mind for the source of the pain and found that it was focused around his father. It felt like a long time since he had seen Remus Lupin. His father, according to the most recent update that Professor Snape had given to him on Friday, was comfortable, which didn't mean very much (for Septimus had long since figured that adults describing situations as "comfortable" were trying to fob him off). Somehow it made things feel a little bit worse, especially considering his abject failure to control even a blast-ended skrewt in the "Care of Magical Creatures/Care of Animals" lessons. He watched a group of second-year girls settle across the arms and back of a settee by the flickering fire, pulling out a pensieve, the orb glowing as one of them operated it, as he thought of the project he'd chosen. Natural history, with the emphasis on the fossils. What did he know about fossils, other than what Julian had taught him? He only knew the names of four dinosaurs, whereas his friend could name at least forty. Septimus shook his head. Why hadn't he chosen insects? Somehow, he could have managed to fit in a historical aspect, if he'd tried. And if he'd been smart, he could have combined his project with the one that Professor Longbottom would set on Tuesday, killing two harpies with one arrow, so to speak. He'd discussed the project, briefly, with Professor Snape and the headmaster, who had come to finish off Professor Longbottom's lesson on Friday and had asked them about what they thought of different animals, and their importance in magical society. Eve Lunn, a small, round-faced Hufflepuff student had asked whether the suggestions they'd given were right or wrong and Professor Snape had declared that opinions couldn't be right or wrong because, as long as you backed up your opinion with a logical reason, it wasn't right or wrong. "It's what you think about something, the different angles that are explored, the different ways of looking at something, especially things that are past, that are important," Professor Snape had growled, to the students, listening to him, wrapt. We can't go back and recreate history, the origin of these magnificent creatures, so we have to use evidence, declared. Perhaps if someone were to be able to travel back in time, or to different dimensions, then we might know whether something is right or wrong, but until that time that such travel became commonplace, with the exception only a couple of wizards in the whole world who have enough skill to master such feats, and even then it would them a lifetime of deduction before they even dared declared the truth. Well, Septimus recalled himself thinking, as Professor Snape spoke, before taking him off to tell him his father was "comfortable", as far as he was concerned, the truth was that he hadn't seen his father for nearly a month and he really wanted to have the courage to ask someone to take him without feeling that, should they refuse him, he would feel worse about the situation than he did now. If only mum was there to speak to. He could send an Owl, he supposed, but it wasn't the same. "Hey!" Septimus turned from his semi-melancholic musings and turned. The crumpled face of Rufus Lestrange was staring back at him, a strange, twisted expression which Septimus took to be a smile. "What're you thinking about?" That was Rufus, asking strange questions, but somehow he, Julian and even Darren had begun to get used to his manner. He and Rufus had bonded a little on their walk back to the quidditch game, just after he had told Septimus that Mervyn was actually Mervyna…Dorielle, Septimus has rechristened his now-revealed-to-be-female owl and, despite being more than a little strange all of them found that they had things in common. Rufus's mum being Minister for Sport was a real asset and had got Darren talking to him, and then Julian discovered that he knew a lot about nature, more plant biology rather than animal and they had spent most of the match discussing the relative importance of habitat on indigenous animal population around Britain, shifting from wizard to non-wizard perspectives, rather than actually watch the match. "Nothing much, just wondering what I'm going to write today that'll give me a pass in History," Septimus replied. "That, and mum and dad." Rufus sat next to him on the sofa, ignoring the boy to Septimus's right as he yelped when Rufus stood on his foot. "I understand. Not that I understand about how you feel exactly," explained Rufus, "because my mum and dad aren't away…well they aren't here, but – " "Yes, I know," nodded Septimus. He'd soon learned it was the quickest way of getting Rufus to get to his point. "Well, anyway," continued Rufus, ignoring the deliberate "tuts" from the boy next to him as he made himself comfortable, "I can understand that you must miss them. So I got you this." He held out a book. On the front cover was a picture of a wizard, his wand aloft and a dinosaur appearing from the end of it. "It's crazy, it's mad, when you read it," said Rufus, shaking his head. "But some wizards believe that a powerful wizard in the past created everything, even the dinosaurs, and scored fossils into rocks so we had something to find in the future." Septimus stared. "Wizardology," the book was called, and he flicked through the book. "I know…what some people believe…" he broke off and looked at Septimus. "But you could use it, I'm sure, to think about what some wizards think, then talk about the evidence that scientists have. It's like Professor Snape said, opinion doesn't have truth as long as it makes sense, and to them, this makes sense." Septimus lowered the book, and smiled at Rufus, his dark, curly hair bobbing as he smiled again. "Thanks, Rufus," he said, "I'm sure it'll be most helpful." "And you'll be able to write to your mum again; maybe Dorielle will be old enough soon to take it herself." "She could be," replied Septimus, glancing towards the common room door. Much as he was getting used to Rufus he didn't bank on the twinge of sadness that had hit his chest and he wished the boy hadn't mentioned her. "I mean, I miss my mum too, but she's only in London. I don't know how I'd be as brave as you." Septimus looked at Rufus, but before he had a chance to say anything he noticed Julian had appeared behind him. The boy on the other side of the sofa got up with the book he was reading and wandered off to another part of the common room, defeated as Julian blocked his light. "Jules! How are you mate?" "Yes," said Rufus, "how are you?" "Much better, actually. I'm still on the medicine, but Madam Pomfrey said I'm better than I was." "That's good news. Better hope you don't get worse now; some infections can be like that," commented Rufus conversationally. Julian raised his eyebrows, which was a silent signal to Septimus that he was being "weird" and Septimus tried not to giggle. "Are you going to the quidditch this afternoon?" asked Rufus. Septimus looked across to Julian and Rufus turned, as Julian nodded. "Great. I'm starving. You coming to lunch? The match won't be long, and I'm starving." "We're going to grab some sandwiches and take them down," said Julian. Septimus nodded, then added, "I've got this book to read before we come, that you've kindly lent me." "Great! Shame, you'll be missing a good lunch," he said, but then added brightly, "but I'll bring you some pudding, if I can!" And with that, he bounded towards the common room door. Julian sat down. "Quite mad," he said, grinning at Septimus, "but he's nice, underneath." Septimus nodded. "So, are you really all right?" "Madam Pomfrey said I was better, but not over it yet. She's got in some antibiotics; she thinks it's a virus. I don't care as long as I feel better. You don't really want to go to lunch, do you?" Septimus shook his head, glancing down at the book. "What did he want?" "To lend me this. I was thinking about Dad, actually. But strangely, he made me feel a bit better." Julian looked over. "Ah, "Wizardology". Totally mad and stupid, but worth a read, I suppose." "He thought it might help with the essay. He actually made me feel better about Dad." "He's actually OK," said Julian, getting to his feet. "Strange, but OK." Septimus nodded. "So, essays first, then quidditch?" Septimus sighed. But Julian was right. He didn't really want to rush it that evening, and the thought of facing Professor Binns and explaining that his work was late was too scary to contemplate. As they made their way upstairs Septimus smiled. More than OK. If Rufus could be happy being strange old him then he could go and ask about seeing Dad. 8888888 The inquest into the death of Henrietta Edwards was over. It was over and he and Hermione were able to get on with their lives. Sitting in the living room and watching the highlights of the quidditch from the day Harry couldn't help thinking how much it had dominated their lives. Now it was over the vacant silence of the constant updates of the inquest was almost as loud as constant owls. Declared by Draco Malfoy himself, who had presided over the inquest, Henrietta being a member of the European Wizarding Government at the time of her disappearance, the outcome was far from predictable. Considering all of the evidence, including that of Hermione, who had been the last to see her, Henrietta's death had been put down to misadventure, a verdict that reverberated throughout the non-wizard and wizard communities immediately. "What did that mean," Hermione had mused, as she snuggled into Harry that night. "It means that they either don't know what happened, or they definitely do and don't want to say." "They say she was a hero, investigating conjurism…following a suspect up the Harz Mountains…falling to her death from the Rosstrappe…" Harry had said little else, but let Hermione hold him. She had to get it out of her system – it was a shock…and to be the last person to have seen Henrietta was a big burden. Now, a week later, it had seeped through people's consciousness, beginning the process of acceptance. Last week, Sirius was cut up; James had been in the floo talking to Harry before Hermione had returned. His mother had been devastated too. But Hermione was secretly glad it was over…Henrietta was a hero; she had tried to fight the scourge of wizardly fascism…and to be the last person to see a hero was not that bad to bear. And then, that weekend, they had had a long talk about their future, deciding, in the end, to go to Europe, to Strasbourg. Harry couldn't be more pleased; it wasn't as if he couldn't travel to see whomever he liked within minutes. He could commute to London for the time; Ron could easily visit and make the most of the modern television. They had told their parents that morning and both were pleased; Hermione then received confirmation that afternoon that the Ministry would expect them at the end of the week. Harry wondered why he did feel pleased about the situation. He would be moving away from his family, true, but apart from the sporadic conjurist attacks, which he couldn't do anything about anyway even if he was in the country, tings were settled. Sirius had his cure, it was controlling his lycanthropy; Remus was as well as he could be. Sam was safely at school. And it wasn't forever. Hermione was pleased to agree that, once they were married, they would move back and, as an established MWP could travel to Strasbourg on a daily basis. Harry smiled. They could get out of this house (not that it was bad, but it just sucked money away in rent) and move to a rent-free apartment. They could save money and Hermione could have the wedding she was dreaming about. He could start by giving everything a good sort out, something which he should have done when he had had some holiday in the summer but had never got round to. Suddenly, he got to his feet. Upstairs Hermione would be sleeping, but he would be quiet. He could start with a few things in the cupboard under the stairs which was the dumping ground for everything they wanted to keep but not be bothered to sort out just yet. Opening the door and trying not to make a noise Harry turned on the light, the dust swarming around the bulb like minute moths. Boxes, his broken broomstick that needed mending; the cases that they had taken on their last trip; Hermione's work folders, neatly labelled and ordered chronologically…his quidditch collection of assorted ephemera… Harry began to unpack the cupboard, his sudden burst of inspiration and endeavour driving him on. They could take very little to Strasbourg, so a lot needed to be given away, stored or thrown. And he could start with the big pile of newspapers that sat between their cases which seemed to have made their way back from the apartment two months ago when they last visited the city that was to be their home, albeit temporarily.
88888888 The coldness of late autumn in the north of the North Sea was beginning to bite hard. High above the highest tower the Durmstrang students were practising their broom skills. Cecilia watched them, their blood-red cloaks and helmets made of reindeer skin, warding off the worst of the bitter winds that swirled and rushed past the fliers. As the rest of their lives at the school the students flew with a high level of skill and natural ability was a requirement of entry to the school – as such the chances of students falling from their brooms and drowning in the icy waters below were negligible. Quidditch was played on a marked out pitch above the waves that was marked out in advance with the spectators hovering on brooms of their own around the perimeter. A strange setup but one which highlighted the superiority of the students, but they were used to it; none ever complained. Indeed, several were proud at their unusual sporting arrangements, but it did make it difficult for Cecilia, as a non-wizard, to see the unfolding events of the games from such a distance from the owlery. As a result, Cecilia had given up half way through the day, because she couldn't see the proceedings well was one reason, but the other was she was getting far too cold standing around on her own. Were it that her specific magical skills that were emerging in relation to her work more rounded and general: then she might be able to conjure a small fire to keep her warm, or fly a broom to join the rest of the students. She would have been alone amongst staff watching the match if she could have done that, though: not one member of staff was watching the proceedings, unlike at Hedgewards – or Hogwarts – and it appeared to be a remit of the older NEWT students that they must organise, referee and oversee the entire proceedings. It was when the work was getting on top of her, or just the fact that she was there, isolated from her family, that she sought out distraction. That she could do magic, of a fashion, rather than her academic thought experiments of Remus's lycanthropy potion or the potion for Harry – both irrelevant here – or her espionage responsibility was the reason that she had been craning her neck for the best part of an hour watching the students play out an almost faultless game. She could do magic. Kind of. Something which she had noticed when she was at Durmstrang before, but had put aside because of her own paranoia and lack of self worth. That was the emotional baggage with which she had been weighed down; before she had just got on with spying for Caelius, until the day that Remus had appeared and restored her faith in him, in their marriage, in her ability as a mother and a scientist. Now, free of such misery Cecilia was able to analyse what she was able to do, a rather restricted, stunted form of magic, but unmistakably magic, nonetheless. Cecilia looked down the deep spiral staircase, the route that she was about to take and the one that she had taken when she had first come up here to the owlery when she had first managed the fleeting miracle that she had managed almost two months ago. She had done magic. Not much, and not for long. But she had managed to acquire objects from across the classroom by thinking about the magical declaration "Accio" as she had been tidying up her models of molecular structures. And she had managed "Accio" again and a levitation spell in the intervening weeks, none of which had any seeming underlying pattern in terms of context, situation or time of day. "I always knew it was possible," Ragnhild had said happily, as Cecilia had recounted the experience to her one evening. "Perhaps the magic you managed before you left will come back to you." "I don't want it to!" Cecilia had said, "I'm non-magical and proud of it!" "Like a conjurist!" Ragnhild had joked, and Cecilia had laughed at the thought of her being a non-wizard conjurist. It had been these stairs down which she had descended, carrying the precious vial of perfume that her beloved son had thought to send her. It had been Ragnhild who had transformed it into her favourite scent, turning the entire vial into a bottle of antique Shalimar, her favourite perfume and she had had trouble stemming the tears that both gestures had invoked in her as she sprayed in her favourite scent. It was a smell that resonated through time and space, conjuring up images of her life just before she had knocked on the door of 12, Grimmauld Place (when she had been able to find it), having sprayed the last of the bottle that Tim had given to her onto her throat a couple of hours before ten p.m. on 15th July; the scent of which lingered on her clothes long into October when she was at Hogwarts…that was more magical, she thought, the ability for her senses to be connected to memories which happened in a different dimension… She had descended the stairs Cecilia remarked, not for the first time, on how lucky she was having someone to speak to like Ragnhild. Little was out of bounds in terms of academic research at Durmstrang and Ragnhild was someone whom Cecilia felt she could trust, not least because the witch had shared so much with her. Winding down the stairs Cecilia counted herself lucky that she had an afternoon to herself unencumbered by students seeking her attention or trying to cajole her – politely – into running an impromptu lesson there and then. She could put aside her thoughts and immerse herself into her work, particularly that pertaining to "The Art of the Wize", or at least, nominally to do with that. She couldn't believe that she would not think about Remus, the Remus she'd left behind, and Harry Potter, the boy of seventeen who had fought Lord Voldemort. Somehow, trying to solve these irrelevant problems made her feel much better about being at Durmstrang, away from her son and her life. Before she had arrived at her classroom-lab, however Cecilia had put her head around the door of Raghnild's room and instead spent the afternoon there, despite having only intended to spend a few moments saying "hello". It didn't matter: whatever Cecilia felt she had to do in terms of preparing lessons or adding to the lengthy notes that she was preparing with which to bombard Caelius an afternoon with Ragnhild Andersson was always well spent. Her friend had commented on her appearance at the quidditch match, citing it as unusual at Durmstrang for teachers to watch. Though she was not a follower of the game Ragnhild had added, Crystallia was enjoying her time at Hedgewards and had reported to her mother from time to time the camaraderie and bonding that had happened for each of the different houses as a result of the game. "But I'm concerned for my daughter," Ragnhild went on, "in the summer we have had, she would have burned!" She shook her head and smiled at Cecilia, who was sitting on one of Ragnhild's chairs and as close to the fire as she could ge. "I know she'll be sensible; she'll use a sun-blocking charm. I'm worse; a few rays of sun and I'm as red as a tomato." She grinned, tossing a small log into the hearth. It glowed green with the magical fire, throwing out a gust of warm air which Cecilia found herself enveloping, and enjoying. "You think I choose to carry out research indoors, do you?" "Well, yes," replied Cecilia, knowing what the answer would be, for they had had this conversation before. Ragnhild relaxed and smiled at her friend, realising that she knew Cecilia was ribbing her slightly. "And then there is the case that we must share our research! What rot!" It had been a couple of weeks ago when a copy of the European Parliament's edict was delivered to Durmstrang. Cecilia remembered receiving a copy left outside her door. She remembered reading it through as she shivered in the hallway. "Academic co-operation...open access to research areas…" As she'd read Cecilia knew such demands, as law, would not go down well with the teachers at Durmstrang; any attempts to penetrate the walls of the school would be considered outrageous. "The Headmaster has issued a rebuttal," Ragnhild continued, handing Cecilia a cup of tea. "As the oldest and most exclusive academic institution in the world we will not participate in – " she sniffed, " – progressive magic." Cecilia nodded. It was inevitable, bur also predictable. Whoever had decided this must have known this would be the response. "I, I am to relay my research to someone at Beauxbatons! Rassgoet! They know nothing! Believe me, Cecilia, this is the beginning of the end, a step too far!" She shook her head. Cecilia said nothing, recognising the Icelandic profanity. Ragnhild sat down and took up her cup, one of steaming coffee that was beginning to dampen front of her hair as it condensed. "I can see it to be the end of everything…" she looked to the stone floor as Cecilia reached out her hand to Ragnhild, taking her hand and holding it for a moment. As a truthteller, a rare gift, Cecilia could see how it would be such a burden for her. Compelled to say of the future what she could see, condemned to be ignored until after the event. There was no point telling people in charge, Ragnhild had once explained to Cecilia, for no-one would take her seriously. A course of events that she had learned through childhood, and possibly a reason why she did actually seek out solitude and isolation, to spare herself. "Could be worse, I suppose." From her reflection Ragnhild sat forward and smiled at Cecilia. "I could have had to talk to some wizard from Britain, eh? Britain! "The Land with no Magic!" Only your Severus Snape would understand what I did, eh?" "Quite right," nodded Cecilia, letting the prejudice pass her by. There was only so far that Ragnhild's liberalness would stretch, she knew, and it was common to refer to Britain as having no magic because so little that was used originated there. Instead what had arrived on its shores had been used, changed and adapted. More versatile, but not pure magic, as conjurists would have it. That's why their philosophy made no sense. "Plus, I don't think anyone would understand what you're doing." Indeed. Cecilia could barely understand it. Severus Snape probably would, were he privy to it. What the direct application of Ragnhild's research into the prevalence of magic in redheaded people might be Cecilia was not sure, but what she was sure of was that it was very interesting. It went like this, and in the opening premise agreed with what non-wizard anthropologists had evidence for, that all humans originated from Africa and spread across the globe. Redheaded people inhabited the far north of Europe: northern areas of Scandinavia, Spitzbergen, Iceland and had very pale skin and red hair, an adaptation that helped them reap the most of the miniscule quantity of sunlight that passed through the atmosphere per year. As such, the redheaded trait of paleness was an advantage so as to allow for the maximum amount of sunlight possible to be absorbed by the skin to create vitamin D. But of course, not all those who are redheaded stayed in the sunlight-poor regions of Europe; many moved, invading southern islands and countries, emigrating for a better life, for a climate that might allow them to farm, for example. As such, descendents of such emigrants were sensitive to the sun – burning after more than five minutes in the sun, to bright lights; had more incidences of skin irritations such as eczema, more chance of having lung disorders, noise, even low levels is a disturbance as nerve impulses are more sensitive; that you are able to perceive things more easily from subtle changes that your more attuned senses are able to detect… Of these points both non-wizard anthropologists and Ragnhild agreed. Where Mrs Andersson took the point further was into the realm of wizards, how was it that this specialised adaptation of redheadness in humans was related to so many more, significantly more proportionally, of them being wizards. Joseph Black noted that redheads, even those who were non-wizards, were persecuted relentlessly by other non-wizards under the assertion that they were all evil witches and wizards; it was one of the reasons he founded the Recipricator movement, to allow for understanding and co-operation. Ragnhild had spent many years ploughing through evidence, both genetic and social, historical and contemporary, sifting through data, retaining and cross-referencing those which were most reliable. To date she had established that redheads were able to channel magical energy more easily and so, as well as being sensitive in terms of their eyesight, hearing and skin redheads were sensitive to energy and had the most chance of being able to metabolise it, converting energy into magic. "Don't let conjurists read what you've written," Cecilia had joked when Ragnhild had explained her research to her almost a year ago. Ragnhild had laughed. But that was the thing about Durmstrang: despite its exclusivity, it's seemingly prejudicial views, its agonising pursuit of excellence such things could be discussed without connotations being applied to it. It had academic value, Ragnhild was sure but, as she had said at the time, "no-one listens to me; no-one ever does." It was the idea of redheads being able to access magic that brought Cecilia to her next question that afternoon. She hadn't intended to discuss her apparent ability to do magic but, as she had brought it up it had occurred to Cecilia that the two factors might be related. Her apparent magic intrigued her. From the vast library of research she had discovered that such a phenomenon had been recorded before. A Professor, who had jumped off the top of Durmstrang's highest tower in a suicide attempt, had researched non-wizards in wizard environments a hundred years before. His observations, way before the discovery of genetics, had included observations such as basic magic done by people who were non-wizards. "But of course, hitherto muggles [such a word was permissible then], though driven from society now" being able to perform magic were thought to be mere conjurers or frauds, my conjecture is that these people, born of non-wizards, have a very limited magical ability, and are indeed wizards born to muggle families developed and honed by working closely with wizards in such environments as Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Ministry for International Magic and the Court of King Caractacus in their menial places within these exalted magical places." "It could be that, as you have some redhead traits you are sensitive to magic," concluded Ragnhild. "But, of course, you work here. You are a wizard in your mind, Cecilia, which is why you fit in well at Durmstrang." It was one of the reasons for the school to be set up in the first place. Beyond the prejudice Cecilia had wondered, could it be that these people were in fact non-wizards, but, like her, had been in a wizard environment for a sufficient length of time to pick up some crude pseudomagic? For, try as she might, Cecilia found she could not repeat her success repeatedly, on demand, that she had achieved by summoning her books and closing her classroom door. Her magic seemed more like some sort of subconscious act. It was unlike, for example, when she imbibed butterbeer and been very lethargic and ill for a week at the Old Place, she recalled…something that had happened so long ago, in a different dimension of time it felt like a dream when she recalled Severus Snape, the Death Eater, scolding her for her foolishness…something which had led her to have the fundamental notion that energy had to be processed or metabolised by wizards in the first place…and further to speculate on the biological mechanism. "I do feel as if the school is familiar," Cecilia replied, sipping her tea as, from Ragnhild's window, she could hear the cheers from the quidditch match that must have now finished. "I'd be so happy, Ragnhild, if Septimus come here. I'm sure he'd pass tests to get here…" She trailed off, thinking to herself, "would he want to?" "Would he want to?" Ragnhild echoed. She caught Cecilia's narrowing eyes before apologising for her rather accurate guess at Cecilia's next question. "No, I shouldn't think so. It's a selfish thought, but one which has been on my mind lately." Cecilia looked away. "How wrong of me that I should wish he were here." So perceptive. Ragnhild's gift could be such an asset to someone, someone in power, in government…somewhere, someone would find a truthteller useful…and they would have to have a thick skin to bear it all... …Cecilia turned and smiled at her friend. Yet she wasn't at the side of any president, instead she was here, isolated save her research and academia-hungry students…in general, people didn't like to hear too much of the truth, she knew. She also knew that this was one of the reasons Ragnhild felt uneasy at the thought of having to share her research as, with her research, also came a good deal of herself. "You miss your family, that is understandable. Your son, at any rate, and you worry about your husband." Ragnhild returned the smile before touching her shoulder. "He came to see you in June, and you put your differences aside." Cecilia nodded, placing down her cup. They had talked about this before, once she had returned, at the start of the year. "It's too bad to want a thing and not be allowed it," she added, waving her hand at the tea-tray, smiling at Cecilia. "Thanks for the chat," said Cecilia, getting to her feet, a cold shiver running through her as her friend's words invoked the image of her husband, lying unconscious in St. Mungo's. Sometimes what Ragnhild said made her wonder whether she too was someone who couldn't handle the truth. "Do you have a lot to do?" she added. Ragnhild nodded her head sadly and Cecilia couldn't help but wonder if her sudden melancholy was because she recognised a polite, hasty departure from her company. "Always, Cecilia Lupin. As do we all." Cecilia smiled again, pausing deliberately and looking at Ragnhild Andersson, her ice-blue eyes staring back; her long blonde hair around her "And thank you for the tea," she added. "I don't know what I'd do without you to talk to, Ragnhild." She thought about the last remark that her friend had said as she returned to her lab, to the irrelevant lycanthropy cure and the equally pointless cure for Harry. Staring at the solutions, cooled and semi-congealed Cecilia wondered vaguely if she should bother with them at all. They were of no significance, of no useful advantage. A waste of time and effort to all intense and purposes, which is why, she supposed, she had given herself such a hard time about pursuing their outcomes when there was no practical application for either. But both kept her mind going, challenged her to think, to work. And they were a source of comfort, despite, or perhaps because they had come from the Other Place. Too bad to want a thing and not be allowed it… She crossed the stone floor over to where Harry's potion, the base at least, had cooled to a mint-green blend for the most part darkening to a forest green near the bottom. Ruined, Cecilia surmised although, had the burner beneath not run out of oil how could she be confident that it would ever work? What would have made the difference, back there, for Harry? A memory of a conversation with him replayed itself in her mind… …"Dumbledore left me with Aunt Petunia because she was mum's sister. There was something about her being mum's sister that's important. It would be good to know what it is. To know that it was worth it."… Sitting down on her bed and staring at the copper steam distillation apparatus that she had been using to extract lavender oil that she had narrowed down as being an active ingredient in the base, she thought back to the moment when, in the old world, she had crept into the Dursleys' bedroom and found some of her hair sandwiched between pages of a journal. She had not discerned what connection Petunia Dursley had, how she had come to have a so-called "W" band in her DNA profile when she was not a witch, but Cecilia suspected that, like her counterpart here in this world she would have some empathic power. Petunia Black, Darren and Dudley's mother and Regulus's wife, was good at showing her understanding, putting people at their ease. Whether Petunia Dursley was shunning a similar magical trait in herself was a matter for debate for the woman was actively anti-wizard because of her experience in the past with Sirius and Severus Snape. Sirius had deliberately put her in the way of harm from the wizards who would one day be Death Eaters and it had been Severus Snape, whom Petunia had loathed for encouraging Lily in magic, who had rescued her because of a tip-off from Henrietta Edwards. Cecilia shuddered. Henrietta Edwards. A spiteful, malicious woman as far as Cecilia was concerned, but of course she had only the Henrietta of this time on which to base her opinion. She shook her head, trying to drag herself back onto the topic. What was it about Petunia that meant she was able to protect Harry? She could shield him from harm, that was true. But was it enough, would it have been enough for Harry had Voldemort been standing right in front of him in Petunia's presence? Would the love have been able to deflect the "Avada Kedavra" spell? She thought hard, thinking about such magic, trying to incorporate what was known about DNA here into a hypothesis in the Other Place. The resonance of the energy of the DNA of individual people could be protected by using a spell that counteracted the electromagnetic wave. That was how Petunia was able to conceal his whereabouts and how she could protect him from detection. This basis was used here, in this world, where the DNA of people could be incorporated into a potion or a spell in order to protect them, deal with injuries (so-called "Personalised Healing") locate them, such as the Ministry had tried to do that summer with her. What spells could be used in the base part of Harry's potion which could be able to help? It wasn't as if she could ask the Harry Potter here if he could be the test subject of an "Avada Kedavra" spell which may or may not work. But…she was on the right tracks, this she knew. But Cecilia had known this earlier in the year and chosen to end it all by burning her journals. Did she really want to go back to a meaningless pursuit of a perfect potion for the Harry Potter she had left behind? What was she trying to prove to herself? It wasn't as if she hadn't spent hour upon hour in the Durmstrang library over the last nearly two years trying to narrow down a spell or ingredient which might have done the job. And it was the same with Remus's potion. And then something clicked in Cecilia's mind, something that she had never realised before. When she had been through all of her surmises, guesses and hypotheses about both Harry's potion and the one for Remus, when she'd spoken of them all to Severus, when they sounded ridiculous, even to her, when she'd been at Hedgewards and had demanded to see him at all hours…he could have laughed, mocked her or brushed her aside. But he hadn't. What he had done was encouraged her, in his own subtle way, by means of challenging questions and suppositions of his own, and made her think about what she was doing. Which was why she had catalogued everything, from applications of physics and engineering (the Knight Buses), through spells, potions, wands, magical creatures, herbology, even divination and astronomy brought down to the ordinariness of science. Even the time when Madeye Moody had repaired her house when she had turned up after coming from Libby's house, after it had been broken into (by Sirius, she had later found out) she'd documented in detail. By writing all of this down, Cecilia had often thought, was akin to rebooting a computer to its last known good format, to when it had been tidy. It had made her feel better and had put her feelings in order, as Aberforth had told her it would. And she had turned to this method to analyse Auld Magic, superficially at least, to understand it, to pin it down simply and to make it less controversial. Cecilia had often wondered why no-one had ever thought to bother about it before, especially when there were so many extremists flocking to its cause – surely explaining the psychological comfort that wizards felt when feeling exclusive and being part of a long history of magic would allow both non-wizards and wizards alike to have a more common understanding. Even Felixssohn's stance was of the "ivory tower" variety than political subterfuge. But it appealed to extremists and it was being use to cause a divide between wizards and non-wizards. Surely that was what the Reciprocator movement was all about, not just swanning around, helping the government here and there, a bit of research…but front-line stuff, remembering what being a Reciprocator was all about, uniting wizards and non-wizards, being the medium between them, smoothing things over, offering understanding… Cecilia shivered, but it wasn't because of the cold. It was the creeping guilt that she was beginning to relive because of how it had been received by the Reciprocators when that witch!..she controlled her breathing and shoved out the thoughts of anger…when Henrietta…had read out her work, the shame she had felt, the look on Remus's face. She supposed that it was only to be expected that he felt betrayed, betrayed to another version of himself in another place, that she, in his eyes, found him not good enough, despite her pleas of denial. Which is why she had made the gesture of burning the lot four months before, as a sign that she was done with the lot; that her marriage and her son meant more to her than her work. Could she honestly begin this again, pick up from where she left off, more or less, and be able to do it without feelings of betrayal and guilt? For surely pursuing something where there was no practical outcome could not be a threat? If it kept her sane when she was here? The "Art of the Wize" stuff she had happily bequeathed to Caelius and she was bent on providing him with copious amounts of information. As was her position at Durmstrang. She thought back to her original self-questioning. If it was so innocent, why was she trying to justify it to herself? Remus here she could not help, not by applying her knowledge to his plight, but she knew a wizard who could. And it would help, she reasoned, for Severus Snape to be unfettered by her interference. No, Cecilia thought as her eyes drifted to the two potions. It wouldn't hurt her to continue with either, as Harry's would not come to anything other than for her own amusement. Remus's lycanthropy cure with silver nitrate as a basis having a stabilising property on the cells that were affected by the pull of the moon's gravity and causing macro-metamorphosis – that was, his transformation into a werewolf. The potion was already a common treatment for werewolf bites if used within days of the original bite, for example, but for her, Cecilia, to figure it out, that would be an achievement. And it wasn't as if she could test either; even Harry's potion required magic and what passed for magic at her hand was not sufficient. She missed Remus, and Septimus even more so and, when it came down to it she knew that researching both potions would keep her mind active and not cause her to mope, or worse. Ragnhild knew, and had offered to take her, if Cecilia wished. "The boat takes too long," Cecilia had pointed out. "Ha!" Ragnhild had scoffed. "There is more than one way in and out of this school." Cecilia had never taken Ragnhild up on the offer, but she felt that she did need to see him. Soon, she decided, once she had made some progress here. She nodded to herself in agreement. And it was decided that she would continue with the research. Pulling back her blanket Cecilia crossed over the cold stone floor, feeling a weight lifting from her shoulders. So, to analyse the ingredients of both and document her findings. Hand mid-grab for Harry's potion, intending as she had been to scrape out the contents of the round-bottomed flask Cecilia lowered it again. She felt bad, but not for the work. For the situation she was in. Self-pity at the caged feeling that had been forced upon her by Caelius. She would continue, Cecilia decided, once she had sent a letter to the Chief Minister. She had little information that was valuable but a lot of observations. It was then up to him to filter through what he needed. Smiling to herself Cecilia picked up the quill that lay on her desk and, sitting before it, pulled out a clean sheet of parchment and began to write…Ragnhild's recent research into redheads in wizardry; her and the rest of the school's feeling at the collaboration that was being forcred upon them…the provision for all the students of a copy of "Art of the Wize" by Felix Felissohn in their individual home language of each of them…the quidditch match that day…the teaching she was doing. It was what she was here for, of course, and she would make sure thee was enough for Caelius to read. Maybe it would be enough to set her free from here, it would make herfeel better, she knew. As well as carrying on with her potions, Cecilia added to herself as she finished the letter to Caelius and sealing it ready for owling later that day. Placing the letter on her desk Cecilia turned to look at the flasks once more. An hour of work, as she documented her findings and Cecilia was feeling much better than she had done earlier. She would treat herself to an early night. Cecilia smiled as she pulled out some paper and she began to write down what she had done that evening, and her findings. Her recommencement of her research had gone well and now she was painstakingly recording all that she had done, her observations and findings. In the pile of things that Harry had sorted out ready to throw away, nestled between a carboard box with a 1970s design crockery set and a pair of badminton rackets a quiet scratching could be heard, had anyone been around to hear it.
88888888 Severus Snape put down the owl he had received, his eye taking in the green seal on the back indicating that it was from the Ministry for Magic. Looking at the sharp, angled letters he shook his head, glancing at the other post that he had received that day too. It had been a long one and still it was not over. After dealing with the paperwork he would be heading up to the mezzanine behind him to work on his research potions, at least the results of a couple which he would be sharing with designated wizards from Beauxbatons. Contentious, he knew. But he had to toe the line with respect to the European Ministry. Before he could get on with this though, he would have to reassign, delegate, deal with and reply to several enquiries, queries, complaints and, potentially redesign several parts of the curriculum. He looked at his name, scrawled in haste across the outside of the folded parchment; he'd known before he'd opened it that it was from Bellatrix Lestrange, the Head of Wizard Sport and, even after reading a couple of sentences he'd known that the woman, who lived in a different world to everyone else, had had her head in the clouds again. But this time, it was different; unlike her proposal for 80% sport on the timetable with existing staff covering the shortfall (Binns refereeing a match?!) Snape knew he could not ignore this, endorsed as it had been by Caelius Lupin. What Madam Hooch would have to say at this particular proposal he could not predict, but he could take a stab in the right direction. Shaking his head again Snape got to his feet. Rufus Lestrange would have, as Mrs Lestrange had suggested, reported everything back to his mother, in his idealogical, simplistic manner: the first-year openers, the training, even the support that quidditch had amongst the non-wizards. "…Rufus tells me that…" she had written several times, followed by the short, to-the-point memorandum penned by Caelius. It went like this: Bellatrix was proposing a new sport which would be accessible for non-wizards as well as wizards, using the school as a flagship for it, allowing inclusively, harmony and co-operation between wizards and non-wizards, a cross between non-wizard football and existing quidditch. The Minister had supplied no other details; how the sport would be played and how non-wizards would be incorporated were factors that were anyone's guess. But there's one thing that Severus Snape would not be unaware – how many of the students would feel, especially after that afternoon's fulfilment on the last requirement of the Ministry. His ears would still be ringing after a week at the outrage expressed by many of the students as access to the main pensieve network was blocked allowing only contact between students. At least a dozen of the letters lying on the desk had come from furious parents who objected to their denial of instant access to their child; were they the same ones who would have been at Hedgewards in the late 1980s, where they themselves had contact with their own parents via owls, as their offspring had used to inform them of the situation? Had it done them harm to be absent of contact of their own parents? Snape shook his head as he picked up his quill, finishing the letter he was about to send out that night to all families, something which should have come from the ministry but had been left to him to be front-line. Something Caelius should be defending. He read what he had already written, erased the last couple of lines using the feather-end of his quill before continuing, extolling the point of security, referring to the bi-nightly attacks of conjurists on non-wizard establishments and homes; that it was school policy under their duty of care to protect students from extremism; a reminder that the floo network was available for students to contact parents though the students' Head of House and similarly if parents wished to contact them. Pushing away the letter, once finished, Severus Snape withdrew his wand and, with a swift flick of his wrist the missive was duplicated; another and they were travelling towards the hearth. From there they would wend their way across the courtyard to the owlery and on doorsteps and through letterboxes by the morning. Poor Caelius, thought Severus sardonically. Didn't Lupin realise that the effort he had put in, and compelled others to put in, was, ultimately, wasted? Students would socialise; anything ingrained from their home background would already have an impact? And that any ban imposed by any adult automatically would be challenged by any young witch or wizard as a matter of course? He knew that the heads of houses had also received owls, and howlers, something he had warned the staff about; something he knew that would happen as he had sat around the wide, oval table in the Ministry. Snape got to his feet, putting the pensieve action out of his mind. There were other things for him to have to consider, particularly the non-wizards and, even more particularly, the non-wizards who were getting ill, and those who were becoming proficient in magic. There were things in common, one at any rate: those who were succumbing to illnesses in excess, visiting Poppy Pomfrey for colds, coughs, viruses…persistent visitors in the hospital wing, were one and the same. Several letters had arrived for him, letters from non-wizards, arriving several weeks after posting, covered in stamps, full of concern about their children. The majority were still in full support of their children being at Hedgewards, so full had their letters home been of their time here, it appeared. But, Snape knew, constant illness of these students in his care meant he would probably have to send them home to recover fully, something of which he knew Caelius would disapprove, for the wizard had already impressed upon Severus the significance of keeping non-wizard students in school. Snape smiled to himself, but not in happiness. Would Caelius be sympathetic to his point of view, seeing as he was, after all, responsible for the safety, health and wellbeing of the students in his care, or would he press home the political issue, were he to be aware of Snape's suspicions of why he believed there was a connection between illness and apparent magical ability in the non-wizards here at Hedgewards? Would he be interested? Would he care? He would only care about the look of the thing, of course, how it would be perceived by the country, and Europe. Besides, Snape could only speculate, based on his ongoing observations and, of course, historical accounts. Would Lily Potter realise his recent interest in her specialism, casual as it might have appeared? Of course she would, though he suspected that he would be speaking to the Reciprocators before long and the fact, like so many, would be academic. And in any case, to test his hypothesis fully, he would need genetic samples: regardless of the ethical issue the fact the students may get worse would supersede his proving or disproving the point. "And I suppose you're going to tell Caelius about what you're going to do," said Aberforth from his picture frame. Severus looked up to see his predecessor leaning casually against the frame. "Of course not," replied Snape. "It would make no difference to him and in fact may sway him from the proper course of action." "The proper course? Is his action not as equally valid?" "Does he have the welfare of the students in mind when he makes political decisions as he does?" "Do you have the country in mind when you make pedagogical decisions?" Snape shook his head slightly but did not break eye contact with the younger Dumbledore brother. "I know what is causing the problem," replied Severus evenly. "You suspect," corrected Aberforth, "but yes, of course the health of the students must be considered. You said that their families supported their continued education here?" "Many of them. Several are enquiring about reports of magical ability though more are concerned with their child's health. It doesn't do to have so many people taking up beds in hospital wing or back in their dormitories, especially when they should be learning. Not to mention the additional burden on the time of the staff to supervise the students and Poppy's almost round-the-clock vigil." "Yes," chuckled Aberforth, "I don't know how she does it, but she does, and she will. No patient will be left untended, no student left untreated. Much like her grandfather, oh yes. I remember one term when Pompops Pomfrey treated the entire Slytherin quidditch team for a case of Dragon Pox. We never did find out who'd done it, but everyone was convinced that it was an inside job – house colours you see, greenish tinge to the skin!" "I'm concerned about the reaction of the young wizards towards those non-wizard students who have achieved some magic," Severus continued, "some students think that the non-wizards are playing tricks and have got other students to do magic for them or are cheating in some way. Some of the non-wizards are feeling under pressure if they've not performed any magic." "And yet you are handling the situation marvellously," complemented Aberforth, smiling at Severus Snape. "The difficulties that you and Caelius find in working together will prevail in the end." Snape closed his mouth; he was about to ask Aberforth for the umpteenth time why his legacy was to share the position of Head of the Reciprocators between him and Caelius Lupin. "I shall leave you, Severus, to continue with your work. I know you are busy with finding a cure for poor Remus Lupin." "Indeed." Snape nodded before turning on his heel. From what he has seen the last time he had visited St. Mungo's, "poor Remus Lupin" was right. 88888888 Down in the Gryffindor common room a page of a book was being passed around the room. Some were reading it and giggling, some smiling. Others were ignoring it and getting on with reading or homework. It had come in Septimus's direction who, having read the title at the top, put it down on the arm of the chair and turned back to the game of "Top Trumps" he was playing with Julian. "The Art of the Wize", was a book which had been smuggled into school by an unknown student, immediately confiscated on discovery in the Ravenclaw common room, students of the house claiming an academic interest, but not before several of the more interesting pages having been copied and circulated. One by one the pages were being collected by staff and heads of house, or thrown into hearths by more conscientious students but still some remained in circulation. The parts about a magical language had intrigued several, until it was pointed out that, to non-wizards, the spells were the magical language; another section talked about the genetic ability of wizards to do spells and how this happened. Again, someone pointed out that it was what they learned about in biology in any case thanks to Severus Snape's work nearly fifteen years earlier – the Universal Link. All that the controversial book had promised in terms of shocking evidence that would divide wizards from non-wizards didn't seem shocking at all, if you thought about it. Septimus had explained it to Julian as sections came up in topics of conversation; some wizards could do some spells, such as some people were good at maths, or running and some, like non-wizards, couldn't do magic at all, except for some who had come to Hedgewards where obviously the environment had brought out their abilities. But still the interest persisted with several students, mainly because it kept most of them from moaning about their pensieves being blocked and how unfair the whole situation was. "And then there're some non-wizards who are interested in magic. I suppose it's like someone who can't do a thing, but appreciate it." "Like drawing." "Like drawing," conceded Septimus, who had first struck up a conversation with Julian when he commented on his friend's beautifully accurate drawing of an ammonite that he had discovered on holiday to Bridport and had asked him about the chambers in the spiral. "So you can help me with this homework then, seeing as you know so much about the Universal Link?" He put down his cards and pulled out of his pocket a parchment with the words, "Summary of the Universal Link, by Julian W. Scott", written in it. "Maybe," Septimus glanced up as the page that he had discarded had been whisked off the arm of the settee on which they were sitting. "Come on, Sep, help me with the homework!" begged Julian. "I just really don't understand any of this, and your mum's worked with Professor Snape on this! Tell me again about genes and DNA?" But before he could begin, much to Julian's chagrin Darren walked over and sat between them. "You still doing that, Jules?" asked Darren, glancing at the parchment that Julian was folding up. "I was. Just don't get it – " he glanced in mock-annoyance to his friend, "even when I have the world expert sitting next to me." "I'm not an expert," replied Darren. "Before you were sitting here?" he added, rolling his eyes. "I'm not an expert. I mean, are you an expert on Walter Scott just because your mum's mad keen on his books?" "Not an expert, but I could tell you something about it, like I thought you would about the Universal Link," Julian complained. "And I know you've done your homework, you did it in five minutes at the end of the lesson." "It's like this. We're made of cells and they contain chemicals called DNA that tell our bodies what to do, how to be…" "…how to be," repeated Julian, bending towards his lap and, with a quill scrawling down what his friend was saying. "Go on." "Wizards have some chemical DNA that means they can use any energy around them to make into spells." "But non-wizards don't have that particular…DNA…?" Asked Julian. "That's right," replied Septimus. "And it depends on how good your DNA is, if you're a wizard," added Darren, watching Julian write. "If it's good at changing the energy into spells, then you're a good, powerful wizard. Some wizards aren't so good though – " " – they might be good at one particular type of magic, for example," finished Julian, nodding at Darren. It was a credit to their other friend that he recognised that Julian would be on and on about this if he hadn't waited to share with them the news that he so obviously had. "Got it," confirmed Septimus. He paused, trying not to rush as Julian finished writing everything down. When Julian began to fold up the paper and stow it in his pocket Septimus turned to Darren, looking at him expectantly. "You asked me about Fraser Blewitt," said Darren, shifting between Julian and Septimus. "And I spoke to Dudley." Septimus stared at Darren and Julian frowned. They knew Darren's older brother knew a lot about the other students, having spent a year working in Hedgewards before applying to the Ministry; it had been Dudley's unruly behaviour and bad record that had required him to do voluntary experience at a wizard institution. He had relished the opportunity and had thrived, working closely with all of the Head Boys and Girls and the house masters and mistresses, a consequence of which was his picking up of a lot of gossip about a whole manner of things. But before Darren could share what he knew a shadow blocked his light. All three boys looked up into the face of Sam Potter. "What are you planning?" asked the Gryffindor Head Boy. He glanced at the arm of the sofa and frowned. Septimus followed his look and watched Sam grasp the scrawled copy of "The Art of the Wize" page. "I've not seen you with this," tutted Sam as he crumpled it under his hand. "And nor will I again," he added. "It's rubbish anyway, and nothing we don't already know from School," said Septimus, hoping to sound dismissive. "Mum tells it better," he added. "Only I wish some people would have explained it all sooner," grumbled Julian. "Okay," replied Septimus, "where do you want me to start?" "How about you start by saying about DNA before I tell you about Ariella," said Darren, a small smile on his face. "How about you tell us about Ariella before I hear about DNA?" replied Julian, a little too quickly. Ignoring the raised eyebrows of both of his friends as they exchanged looks Julian looked expectantly at Darren. "Well, according to Ro Williams, who overheard Ariella speaking to Gertrude Harris, their father is a wizard well into – " he lowered his voice, " – conjurists – " he looked around. A couple of other students from the third year passed behind the back of the sofa, pausing for a moment. "There's more," he hissed, turning as the two older girls laughed loudly as they walked by. "Not here," he added, lowering his head and looking between Septimus and Julian. "Then where?" hissed back Julian, leaning in. Wondering why it was that his friend was keen to know what Darren had to say about Ariella and how it was that he knew, Septimus followed both of his friends through the passage towards the Fat Lady's portrait, pushing it aside and jumping down into the corridor. "Where shall we go?" he asked as they all looked around. No-one was and there was a further pause. "The library?" "The library?! We have essays due on Monday; the common room would be quieter!" Julian shook his head. "How about the greenhouses?" Septimus looked at his friend. Julian, the botanist and geologist – he was learning so much about the magical plant species faster than even the keenest of wizard students. It wouldn't seem odd for him to be down there and, considering the rough time he'd had recently having to stare at the ceiling of the hospital wing while he recovered from one malady and then another a few hours with the strange, weird and wonderful biological species down there was hard to complain about. Darren on the other hand, rolled his eyes, but held his tongue. "I was going to suggest the quidditch broom sheds," said Septimus conversationally. "I need to polish the Lightningshot anyway. And I'll help you with the essay later," he added as they began to make their way towards the stairs that led to the side entrance of the ground floor of the castle. "OK," replied Julian, his mood a little brighter and Septimus wondered whether it was the thought of the plants or…maybe…? The seed of a thought went unwatered however as Julian added, "could you take me up on your broom again sometime?" Septimus smiled. "'course!" "Such a pity you can't do it yourself," said Darren conversationally. "I mean, it's so cool, and you can play quidditch, even if it's just a throwaround, and – " "When mum gets her way non-wizards will be able to play quidditch." The three friends stopped and turned. Behind them Rufus Lestrange smiled at them toothily, a slightly strange expression considering he was wearing jeans and t-shirt and, over the top, what seemed to be a football shirt crossed with a Gryffindor house robe. "It's a prototype," he said, answering their unspoken question. "Mum sent it. It's – " he looked around furtively at the semi-lit corridor, "mum's got plans," continued Rufus tapping his nose. "Put it this way," he said, leaning in towards Julian, "never say never, as far as quidditch is concerned. Or should I say – " he broke off. "Should you say…?" repeated Darren. "I shouldn't," said Rufus. "Mum told me not to. But you'll soon find out," he added, oblivious to the confused looks that his remarks had invoked "So, where're you going?" Ten minutes later, and in amongst the hissing pines ("to mask to noise" said Julian, but Septimus knew his friend better), Darren stood between Julian and Septimus, Rufus standing a pace back, his portable pensieve in hand as he queues up the tracks he was about to listen to. Whether they would call him their friend Septimus was not in the position to say for sure, but he seemed harmless and even Julian hadn't objected to him accompanying them despite how much Rufus irritated him. "I was saying," said Darren, as Rufus stepped closer. "Ariella told Ro and Gertrude that her father was involved with conjurists." "Well, that's not news," said Julian as the intermittent hissing around them began to quieten. "We could have guessed that from her beloved brother." "Who took his time to save her when she fell from the quidditch stands," said Darren. "Apparently Ariella and her mother are against conjurism, and his father's afraid that Mrs Blewitt might say something." "Like what?" asked Septimus. "She didn't tell them," explained Darren. "Ariella said that she didn't know, but whatever it was, he was afraid of it, afraid he might get in trouble." "How do you know all of this?" asked Septimus. "I mean, where did you overhear things that girls were saying?" "In the changing room, after quidditch this afternoon," said Darren. He shook his head and looked a little taken aback when he realised what he'd said. "I wasn't there," he explained, "I wasn't spying on girls, if that's what you're thinking. But…wait, before I say this, don't assume it was anything to do with me. Extendable ears." Julian and Septimus looked at one another. Rufus, not quite on this planet or, if he was, didn't respond to the even the most obvious of stimuli, merely looked up from his playlist, appearing to listen intently. "I got rid of them, obviously," said Darren. "Don't know how long they'd been there," he added, shaking his head. "Between the exit corridor doors." "They were late to dinner, I remember," said Julian, pausing as the hissing grew again. "You were too." Septimus nodded. "But…you took them out?!" Julian shook his head. "Maybe they were there for a reason!" "Not a good reason I expect. I had to; Sam Potter came in and saw them. It was that, or being up in front of the McGonagall." "Or worse," said Darren. "I've been up before Professor Snape once too often this term; Mum and Dad weren't impressed. Dudley had never got spoken to by the head in all the seven years he was here." "Really?" asked Rufus. "It's something I'm sure I'm going to hear a lot of while I'm here," said Darren dolefully. Septimus threw him a sympathetic look. He knew how much Mr. and Mrs Black doted on their elder son. He often wondered whether Darren got into quidditch because Dudley was never interested in it; he could never be compared to his elder brother. "That'll be the reason Ariella always looks terrified all the time, why her brother keeps such a heavy hand on her, doesn't let her talk to anyone," said Septimus, as the cold evening breeze blew through the open frames. The pines' hissing started again, this time at a slightly higher pitch and he noticed Julian turn his attention to this momentarily. "I thought it was because she was weak," said Darren, "magically so," he added as Julian squinted at him. "Someone who can only do a bit of magic, whose DNA lets them do only a few spells." "The Universal Link," piped up Rufus as he looked intently at the screen of his portable pensieve before jabbing it with a finger. Julian sighed. "So everyone knows about the Universal Link except me? Perhaps we really should have gone to the library!" "Don't worry mate," said Septimus, smiling at his friend. "I'll go through it with you tomorrow, I promise." A gust of wind puffed through a broken glass pane causing a short, low-pitched hiss to come from the nearby pines. "I wonder what she knows about conjurists that's so bad," he continued absently. "Her father arranged for the half breeds to come into the country," said Rufus, his eyes fixed on his portable pensieve as he spoke. "Mum said." He looked up at three shocked faces. Thales Blewitt found the houses that took them in." A moment passed, before he looked at Septimus. Their eyes locked for a moment before Rufus looked back to his playlist, his earphone leads trailing through his curly black hair. "Oh mate," said Julian, clapping him on the shoulder. But before anyone had a chance to say anything the metal of the door through which they had come rattled. "The wind," said Julian over the sound of the hissing. But then footsteps disproved his assertion and the friends looked around them. "Hello?" A voice they recognised emanated from the direction of the rattling and the footsteps. The owner of the voice then appeared in the gloom. "Lumos," the voice said. "Professor!" Julian smiled nervously as Professor Longbottom, his stature looming above them and it occurred to Septimus as he put to one side the stunning news that Remus had just confided, how much the Professor of Herbology looked like a big teddy bear. "What are you doing down here? Julian? Septimus? Darren…? Rufus…?" He looked at each one of them in turn, his expression one of concern fused with mild accusation. Before Julian could say something, which Septimus believed would be plant-based Rufus looked up from his portable pensieve and looked at their teacher. "Professor, Julian is interested in the hissing pines. I decided to come down with him to record them, so he could study them in his own time." Septimus stared, before jerking his head towards Julian and, behind him, Darren. Both were staring open-mouthed at Rufus Lestrange, who appeared to have taken in a lot more than his outward manner would appear. "Is this right? Julian?" Professor Longbottom stared at him. "Because, though I approve of your keenness in the subject your absence in the common room has been noticed." Julian said nothing but, still staring at Rufus, nodded firmly. "Your Head of House will know about this. Punishment will follow, I can assure you." Darren shook his head: another black mark on his record compared to the blank sheet of his brother's. Septimus gave him a sympathetic look. "And, Mr. Lestrange, may I check your portable pensieve?" "Certainly, Professor." He pulled the wires from his ears and gave the handset to Professor Longbottom, leaning over when, with a pause, their teacher frowned a little over the operation of the device. "…music…lots," narrated Rufus, clicking down the menu, "I'd have got more but, as we can't use the network anymore, I'll have to download some more next time I'm home…" Septimus's mind darted back to that afternoon when, as the students were bemoaning the lack of research now able to be done with their pensieves, as well as other amusements, Professor Flitwick pointed out that, if they needed pensieves to so research then they didn't care enough about their school work to put in the required amount of effort. "But, it's not like we copy everything we find," said one girl from Hufflepuff, "we have to put it together ourselves." "Tell that to the dozen students whose essays I marked this morning and which were virtually identical. It also is unfair as the non-wizard students amongst you do not have that advantage." This caused a little uproar amongst the students and it wasn't until Rufus Lestrange bravely (or foolishly) stood up and said that it didn't matter as he could read and was happy going to the library, despite the argument against the library which entailed calming most of them down before they could get read. Rufus had, over the uproar of the comment of Julian Scott, stood up and said that non-wizards had to cope with no wands, so did that mean they all had to lose them? "Professor Flitwick had frowned before realising what Rufus had said . "If I had no feet, would I be bothered about shoes?" Septimus had a funny feeling that Rufus had saved Julian from a detention as the class around them realised that he had defended pensieve ownership and had greeted his comment with a cheer. Professor Flitwick had been so confused that he had forgot to remonstrate either of them. Later that afternoon Julian had appeared to push his irritation about the boy aside and had let Rufus shows him his musical instruments; he, Septimus and Rufus had shared some sweets and they'd laughed about the metronome which here was actually a "metro gnome", a gnome that lived in the pyramidal shaped wooden box and beat out the time as Rufus played his electric guitar, declaring that, despite what Septimus thought about it being really good, that he was actually a beginner. Perhaps this was why Rufus had come after them this afternoon, and why he had half-shared his secret about goodness knows what. "…ah yes, here. This is what I recorded tonight." Septimus's mind was brought back to the present and he watched as Rufus, as they stood in the greenhouse, stabbed at the screen and the loud, high-pitched hissing that they'd heard as they'd arrived replayed. Immediately the local pines struck up a complementary hiss which began to grow." "You can turn it off now, lad," said Professor Longbottom, over the ever-increasing din. "What?"" "YOU CAN TURN IT OFF NOW!" he bellowed as he looked around at the clearly distressed saplings. Rufus jabbed at the screen again and the recording that he'd made on the pensieve dropped to nothing and, almost immediately, the hissing around them stopped too. "Sorry, Professor," continued Rufus. "I couldn't hear you. But I switched it off because the trees sounded upset. If you want to hear the rest, I could replay it for you back at the castle?" Neville Longbottom gave him a look, one which Septimus thought conveyed confused admiration crossed with mild exasperation, one which he was all too used to seeing on Julian's face. "No need, Rufus," assured Professor Longbottom. He surveyed the group before marching them back to the castle. As he pulled the covers up to his chin that night Septimus replayed the events of the evening in the greenhouses in his mind. All that had gone on, and had spoken about had been interesting. Ariella and her family; Julian's covert research on the plants that he was interested in; Rufus's complete on-the-ballness with what was going on, and jumping in to help them out, the result of which had meant only a week of detention for them all with Professor McGonagall, which could have been far worse. What stuck in his head, what his mind could not let go of was what Rufus had said about Ariella and Fraser's father. Of course he knew that someone had allowed half-breeds into the country, something which had led to individual wizard conjurists to keeping them in their houses, some of which had then attacked wizards and non-wizards alike. But what he remembered most was his own reaction to Rufus's unchecked words. Someone had had to have let the halfbreeds in, but to know someone related to that person? The pang of sadness that was always at the back of his mind had grown to an ache, a reminder now that there was nothing that could be done for his father. That students he knew had a father themselves who was, indirectly, responsible for putting his father into intensive wizard care, something not even the cleverest wizard or healer could say if he would recover. Such an unhappy thought was enough to keep him from sleeping so Septimus knew that, if he resolved to do something the next day about it he would eventually doze off. Turning over he reached under his bed for his box of self-inking quills and parchment. "See Professor Snape about Dad," he wrote, watching the nib of the quill as he formed the words. Folding the parchment up and putting it under his pillow, Septimus dropped the quill back into the open tray that the moon outside was illuminating. Nearly full moon, Septimus thought, as he closed his eyes and began to formulate just how he would explain the "Universal Link" to his friend the next day. Perhaps he should start with something he remembered reading in "The Art of the Wize" page that he had had passed him. "The antidote for a blended poison will be equal to more than the sum of the antidotes for each of the separate components". What they'd done that evening was worked together and they had, in part, got off the hook. Goodness knows what might have happened if they'd been caught talking about conjurists. An image of their newest friend, odd, strange but likeable, appeared in his mind. Rufus T. Lestrange. Their newest friend. 88888888
And now she was walking, walking quickly. The ground beneath Tabitha Penwright looked like cushions of cloud, a disconcerting appearance as you stepped on them, waiting to fall through. But she had been here long enough to have grown accustomed to them and knew that you had to find the spot in the ground, in the sides, sky, to get through into the memory - for that's what this place was made from - otherwise you could walk forever. If time actually moved here. But it didn't. Worldly constraints such as time, space, dimensions, weather, temperature… they didn't exist here. Tabitha had always imagined what the world beyond the veil would be like, and it was exactly like this. She was fortunate enough to be able to get here, come here. Or unfortunate enough, Tabitha corrected herself, leaving wispy footprints in her wake, which suddenly re-formed as though she had never trod there. What was to come she would not wish on her own worst enemy, not that she had any enemies that she knew of. But, what he had asked her to do…what she had agreed to do…what was supposed to be done…that was…not yet. Now she had the ti- now she could wonder at the place, probably the only person ever to have wondered about it. Not the only person. In "Harry Potter and the Story that Never Was" Cecilia Frobisher had wondered. Tabitha knew that she must have been here, despite her claims only to have dreamed it up. It didn't matter: things like that seldom did to Tabitha. Untruths, concealments, political spin, all of them passed her by. They were nothing of any use and had never helped her with her mysteries. What she did miss however was her work that she had laid aside, her technological work. Vincento had given her a compelling argument why she should do the work she was doing with non-wizard technologies and incorporating it into the wizard world first, and leave the veil second. It was tempting. But he didn't know why she had chosen to act as she had done. Besides, application of new discoveries could not begin until the latter had been fully investigated. Perhaps she should not be there, doing as Severus had asked of her. But deep down Tabitha hated what Grindelwald and Dumbledore were doing, hated the principle of it. Were they to succeed and bring about mass conjurism in Europe the freedom to explore the mysteries she so loved would disappear; she would be imprisoned in the world without the means to use her gift. She may even be terrorised for lack of wizardlyness, something which was still a sensitive point having endured many a taunt at Hedgewards when she was much younger. Imagine having to live like that – it would be like being in prison. But, there was no need to think of that now, Tabitha assured herself. Even she would not know precisely the way back to the veil if she were asked at that moment; all she had accomplished so far here, the memories she had viewed, some investigated, some discounted…she had done a large proportion of the work so far. The toughest was yet to come, however. The memories that had not yet been sent here were still to be explored. Emotionally-wrought memories that were yet to be stolen and locked away here, they were the ones that were needed for the plan in which she was complicit to begin fully her work here, and to end. It was easy to understand why people had trapped the veil in the mysteries and why this place was such a cache for those thoughts which people wanted to access later, or just forget about entirely. They had enshrouded it with magic and also, with a more powerful curtain, a curtain of mockery of those who studied mysteries. Who would want to be a Mysteriour? Those who studied plants were cool in comparison. Only those with the rarest of gifts like herself, with the compulsion to work with objects that no-one else could understand, whose lives were like a living depression when they were denied the chance, only those wizards would dare try. Had she been a different person, had she been, say, Caelius Lupin, she might easily imagine what it felt like now to be a god, to be able to change things at a whim. And so very dangerous a power, too. Perhaps people like her, who lived for the urge to unmystify things and not for glory and honour, perhaps that was a reason her blighted gifts were bestowed on her. Tabitha trod carefully now. The memory on which she was treading felt thinner under foot and she would have to be careful lest she fell straight into it and be noticed. She had the chance to wonder now, and that was happiness itself. Tabitha knelt down and pushed her hand through, parting the matter with her hands. She peered into the sight of the Hufflepuff girls' dorm at Hedgewards…daytime…a girl was unpacking a bag and reading a letter…it was making her smile…any other clues…? Bright sunshine…the start of term by the look of it…a memory stored, Tabitha surmised, in a portable pensieve. Perhaps a letter from home…she peered in deeper, and smiled…the girl was removing what looked like new clothes, books and sweets. Unmistakably so. Tabitha leaned upwards then got to her feet. Interesting. Not what she needed, though. And she had examined many such memories that students that year had chosen to keep, like visual entries in a pink, fluffy, lockable diary, boring and irrelevant to anyone but that girl. There were far fewer Hedgewards memories that she had chanced upon recently, nothing of quidditch match victories or inter-house competitions of which she knew Severus hated but went along with anyway for the students. No sniff of the disturbing memories that she knew would begin her work, tax her, keep her on her toes. Smiling again Tabitha walked gingerly past the hole she had made in the memory as it gained more form and proceeded off in the direction of another, smaller and a little thinner by the look of it. She was in no hurry to begin, for she knew it would be the end of musing and surmising of the wonder of the place. And what and end it would be. But for now, Tabitha had time to wonder. 88888888 How could all these people be connected with her? Could all redheads do magic? What had caused it? Was it because she was here, in this new life, or this place? If so, why was she unable to do magic before? Was it merely genetics? The questions had been buzzing around Cecilia's mind so long since she had had the conversation with Ragnhild about her research that they were just now background noise, like when a person becomes accustomed to a headache that will not shift. Who would answer her questions? Were they even answerable? She had been tempted to talk to her friend, to discuss her research further, but Ragnhild had been more than a little absent when it came to lessons, students clamouring for her to teach them so they can pass their particular exams being the main reason. Not just Professor Andersson either: other professors had been preoccupied with the demand from Strasbourg to co-operate, share and be open, an anathema to the way that the school fundamentally operated. She would have to wait. There was one question Cecilia could answer herself, though: her own range and extent of magical ability, on an ad-hoc basis. She had something to think about at least for, if she stopped distracting herself for too long the reality of her having been returned and still remaining at Durmstrang began to seep in to her will to keep going. Turning from the window, where the palladium-coloured waves sheeted over the sea's surface and wrapped themselves around the tower below Cecilia sighed inwardly. It still made her miserable that she was there, at Durmstrang, and not with Septimus; no real idea about Remus and how and when he would ever get well. Every night she went to sleep with thoughts of her son and her husband on her mind, knowing full well that if she were to call Caelius's bluff he almost certainly, if not definitely, have her imprisoned. But, while she could pursue it, Cecilia had decided, fascinating though it was, she would not. While it might entertain her thoughts and make her wonder, she would stick to facts, the facts that Caelius had demanded of her, writing down precisely and lengthily the goings-on at Hedgewards. Lengthily being the operative word – give the wizard something weighty to wade through, she thought malevolently. Turning from the window, with a gales brewing below her window (so tall the Durmstrang tower was that weather systems were visible upside down, so to speak), there was another thing on her mind. What about the potion needed for Remus? Cecilia had deliberately not involved herself in that either mainly because she trusted Severus but also because she felt too close, too close to think clearly about her once-estranged husband. Cecilia had been too close with the lycanthropy potion she had tried at in the Other Place, though she hadn't known it at the time. Perhaps if she had shared more with the Severus Snape back there he might have solved it with her, quicker, more accurately. Instead, her husband perished in Azkaban. Cecilia rubbed her eyes, then her temples. If she could keep out of this, keep from her strength of will forcing her point with regard to Remus…she shook her head. Keep thinking about this apparent magical ability, she told herself, keep thinking about genetic connections. Then you can't be instrumental in any harm that may come as a result. Throwing a look towards the unglazed windows, she made preparations for bed. She was ready for the next days' lessons, for those questions about chromosomal crossover that were inevitable, then afterwards, perhaps, perhaps if she didn't feel so wrung out, she would have time to see Ragnhild and add many, many leaves to ever-expanding notebook of information for her brother-in-law. Maybe even the work within the notebooks would be disseminated amongst the reciprocators, ran her thoughts as Cecilia stared at the huge stone blocks in the near-darkness, the harshness of the cold blowing from the still-raging storm taken away by sporadic bursts of heat from the fire, perhaps they would enjoy taking apart the information within them. The burden would be on them, of course, should they decide to brand her a fool again as the work within was mere fact-reporting. Unlike the diary of hers. Fool she had been, Cecilia knew. Oh yes, they would take it apart, right enough, Henrietta Edwards twisting it all the way. "Ha!" Cecilia spat the word at the wall. Let them choke on it! It's a pity the Durmstrang students weren't a little like that though. The thought filtered through to her fore-mind, replacing the brooding clouds of painful evocation with that of the blank-faced students whom she would teach the next day, pushing her for detail, writing it all down, no question of validity. Oh for the days at Hogwarts, in time past, when someone would have said to her, in her guise as squib, "…but how do you know that? What proof is there…?" Probably someone like Draco Malfoy. …Draco Malfoy… The thought of the boy back there, now a grown-up wizard, no hint of family darkness surrounding Voldemort….Draco Malfoy the President of the Council of Wizards… …Malfoy, who openly declared his abhorrence at the activities of Albus Dumbledore and his colleague and lover Gellert Grindelwald…Malfoy who was not the boy in Slytherin house, defended to the hilt by Severus Snape… ...Malfoy the boy who sought at every opportunity to make fun of his new Muggle Studies teacher… European …images of the consequence of even using the word "Muggle" here began to fill her mind…arrest, court, fine… …and Cecilia was standing before a jury, the judge, whose face was obscured, shaking his gavel at her, remonstrating her for using the word…her mouth opened to defend herself, to say that she was only using it to describe her…someone shouting that she could do magic, so she was a liar, and therefore in contempt of court…the jury, who were the reciprocators all sitting there…the Potters, the Weasleys…Sirius Black…Henrietta Edwards the prosecutor, her face contorted in mocking…Cecilia looked towards her counsel, Severus Snape…he was due to speak as her advocate…Henrietta declaring she was a liar again… …Cecilia turned to look at Snape as each opportunity to defend her passes in silence…Cecilia felt the shock melt to confusion before giving way to hatred, not to Snape but towards the reciprocators…the jury who had begun to shout her guilt – Anger. Cecilia, now sitting bolt upright in her bed, in her now-icy room, felt it in the pit of her stomach, dissolving away as the here-and-now penetrated her consciousness. It pulsed back as she pulled the thick, reindeer-skin bedcover over her cotton sheets, lying down again and rolling over one edge, snuffing out the draught. Why did she feel so angry still? She stared, open-eyed into the darkness. Because all come to the surface again, the reason that she was here. But, Cecilia realised, she felt angry with Snape too. Why? Because he hadn't defended her at the time, he had allowed Caelius's decision to return her to Durmstrang to unfold without so much as an utterance, to her knowledge. In fact, Cecilia noted bitterly, his silence was permission for it to happen. Why? To make her to realise where she belonged. How easy it would have been to have stopped Caelius, to save her from all of this? Was it that Snape was interested in what she would unearth too? Did he know that she would find interfering in his progress with Remus's potion irresistible? "…to let things run their course…" Working with Snape at Hedgewards Cecilia had heard him utter these words so often...she had wanted to him on more than one occasion: for, while she was impulsive when she believed she was right, Cecilia would think about her own actions where Severus Snape did not seem to...he…let things run their course… …but not even when the clique within the reciprocators were at their worst...Cecilia had wanted to hammer on his chest, but had imagined the triumphant curl of the lip because she had been irked by him. They had talked professionally when they had last conversed, in August, Cecilia had kept the information he had described (and more out of spite for Caelius); she had expressed her wretchedness at her foolish trusting of the reciprocators. Of some of the reciprocators. Something, despite everything, somehow, felt…right. It was right she was here, not just at Durmstrang, but here and not there. Perhaps there had always been a shred of her that had clung to the Old Place – Cecilia felt herself comparing things here so often with there. . In the Old Place she had cared so much about the potion, Remus's even more so than that of Harry's, and the information she had had been the direct result of her being here now even though she had pushed herself to try to unravel his lycanthropy. She had gone about declaring herself the only one who could help her husband. Remus had been killed there, clinically executed because of his lycanthropy. Surely his fate was better here? Only marginally so, Cecilia concluded. Anyone bitten had been imprisoned as a security measure. Caelius again, using language to sanitise potentially suspect human and wizard rights breaches. But…that feeling again. Cecilia felt sure that, if she were to crack the lycanthropy her way, not just rely on that which Snape as a young boy wizard, she was convinced it would lead her to the potion for vampirism. And then, in her mind's eye that all evaporated, leaving behind was a nugget of purity, something, even if Cecilia were to have the rest of eternity to describe and the eloquence of a poet, she could never put into words. She would do neither. It wouldn't matter. The cogs were already in motion. Where the thought had come from Cecilia neither knew nor cared. But, even when she got up the next morning, taught her work for the day, had a conversation with Ragnhild, waited for her to Owl her research information to her colleague from Beauxbatons who had been told to expect it under the European Council diktat, heard the wizard express the opinions of the other professors at Durmstrang who were complaining about the research transparency law foisted on them, listened to Ragnhild tell her about the competition for the European Ministry employment that her daughter Crystallia had to enter, despite all of this, Cecilia knew deep down that all this was right. If only it felt right that she was away from Septimus and Remus.
88888888 A knock on the door, tentative but plainly sounded. Severus Snape looked up, pausing mid-annotation on the application form - the eighteenth application form - that he had read that night. References for those applying for Ministerial internships in Britain and Europe would have to wait. At half past two in the morning whoever was knocking needed his full attention. "Enter." As he'd surmised. He had invited Septimus Lupin of course and the boy was here, late at night, with something on his mind. Septimus looked uneasy as he walked towards the headmaster's desk. He had gone to bed early much to Julian's disgust, abandoning a game of Bottom Trumps as his friend tutted, coughed, complained that his sore throat and aching limbs had returned, and said goodnight from his bed in the busy hospital wing as he waited for Madam Pomfrey to get to him with that evening's medicine. Septimus had then tossed and turned in the darkness in the Gryffindor dormitory, his head pounding and his skin prickling as if something was trying to get out from under it. He couldn't sleep - worry kept him from rest. Not the Astronomy test the next morning, or the fact that he had heard, as he had made his way to Professor Snape's office, Fraser Blewitt's discussion with other students on the corridor that afternoon about his chance at a job with the Ministry and how his father had got him in with the President. That was probably what was worrying him, Septimus told himself – that someone like Fraser Blewitt, an older student, who was very influential, his father had caused Septimus's father, and Sirius Black too. "Septimus?" Snape prompted the question he knew the boy was about to ask, bringing him from his thoughts to the reason why he was there. "I want to go to see Dad." Septimus hadn't meant to blurt it out and he looked around nervously hoping that his directness wasn't out of turn. The silence continued and Septimus began to feel nervousness rise again, his head pounding and the sickness in his stomach begin to rise as the wizard looked at him. The longer he stood in front of Snape the worse he felt. Eventually, he opened his mouth to ask again, his time a little more politely, when the headmaster of Hedgewards shuffled the papers he was holding and put down his quill before folding his fingers together. "It is late or, rather, early, at nearly quarter to three." "Please, sir." Septimus ignored the desperation in his own voice. "You did say to come at any time." "Indeed I did." Snape beckoned towards him. At least the boy had not asked about his mother, he supposed. He rose and began to walk slowly towards Septimus, peering at him momentarily. "Would you like to go now?" Septimus inhaled, and then breathed back out. Yes. Yes he did. He nodded. "Yes sir." "And when we return, you'll go to bed and get some rest immediately? You don't look well." "No sir." It was true - despite not having much rest and worrying about Dad, he'd felt restless and lethargic the night before too. "Once I've seen Dad, I'm sure I'll feel better." Snape nodded. "Indeed – and how will your constitution feel after flying to St. Mungo's?" Septimus had never flown outside the castle grounds before. His Lightningshot, while outstanding, was, nevertheless, currently redundant while not playing quidditch. Besides, flying on a proper wizard's broom was something else, he knew. And he was not to be disappointed. The dark night enveloped them as they exited a small door just underneath the previous headmasters' portraits (hitherto non-existent) which led to a narrow strip of steps which clung to the outer wall of the tower. Septimus caught his breath and looked upwards as the hem of the headmaster's robe rose higher. When he'd caught up with the wizard (and wondering how he'd had the nerve to climb the steps that were so precariously placed) Septimus felt his eyes widen in the blackness. There, hovering two feet above the ground was a broom. And not just any broom. If it were a motorbike it would be Harley Davidson Two-Cam. If a violin then a Stradivarius. If it had been a guitar a fender MIM stradocaster. Made in the fifteenth century, a broom of immesurable myth. Reputed to be none existing in the entire world Septimus stared as the green phosphorescent glow that made the broom's pedigree beyond doubt. Severus Snape's broom was a Broadclad, a broom of such repute, five known ever to have existed and manufactured by the wizard who, up until recently, owned the Firebolt broomstick company (and who had thrown in their lot to invest in pensieves), from whom Septimus's mother had purchased the Lightningshot none hundred and ninety nine. Broadclads were made from oaks felled from Fiveoaks, a magical site just outside modern-day Reading, planted by the great wizard Henghist himself upon his accession to the Wizengamot as Great High Wizard, hardened in over a hundred years of harsh mediaeval winters where the wood hardened and thickened. Had it not been right before his eyes, this legendary warhorse, whose legend was without measure, Septimus would not have believed it, as it was reputed there were none left in existence. Septimus stared. These were the brooms that changed battle into game or, rather, battle into battle limited by Quidditch rings, bludgers, quaffles and snitches, his father had explained, large and heavy the Broadclad was the one most sought for its might and stealth. "Grip the handle," instructed Snape, halting Septimus's recall of the history of all things Qudditchly, "then climb on. It shouldn't fly off without me." Nervously, and trying to forget the word "shouldn't", Septimus mounted the broom. He could feel the huge weight of the thing under his hand and his nerve held just to the point that the headmaster got astride too and he could grip his robes. "Up." Snape leaned forward and gripped the end of the broom, putting all of his shoulders and chest into a deep push down. The force was tremendous. Had Septimus not thought to hold tighter he would have been thrust backwards off the thing, and it rose like a huge animal unleashed from a cage. They began to spiral clockwise, the luminescent trail swirling below and then, with a swiftness which belay its vastness the broom shot into the sky. Before Septimus knew they were shooting through the dark, starlit sky, their iridescent wake shedding behind them. Below, through the greenness emanating behind them patches of light that he could only think must be tiny Scottish villages such as Hogsmeade but it wasn't until there was a glow beneath them that Septimus realised, such the acceleration of the thing had been, he had his eyes clamped tightly shut, for the glow was London, the Thames outline picked out in lights, with the Wheel and the Houses of Parliament just behind. It took less than five minutes for Snape to land on the roof of the wizard hospital and, with a pair of quivery legs Septimus dismounted, his legs enveloped momentarily by a puff of green gaseousness, illuminated by the full moon's light. Shivering, and with one backwards glance, and a fleeting realisation that he'd just flown on a piece of history, Septimus followed Severus Snape down the steps from the roof and into the hospital. 88888888 "It's heartbreaking to see." Bathsheba Braddle rotated her index finger as the spoon in her tea slowly stirred as she watched Septimus Lupin carefully pick up his father's limp hand. Snape looked at her and nodded. "I wonder if there is any hope." "Of course there's hope," Snape nodded towards the bubble-like window that he had created from the sitting room of Grimmauld Place, the light and airy Reciprocator headquarters. He had suggested the one-way link to the boy and he'd agreed to walk towards the door to indicate when he was ready to leave. "Indeed, indeed," replied Bathsheba quickly. "How goes the potion, Severus?" Several pairs of eyes were on him now, including Benjamin Wergs, Sturgis Podmore, the Potters and Molly Weasley. It was a kind of impromptu meeting involving whoever was around, but the most important was time, not just for Septimus and Remus, but also for Snape to observe. "Slowly. That is to say, methodically slow. Both of our dear friends are in a critical state; Sirius less so – his blood pressure is high, a result of my medication, and it should drop with time. Which is why he is tired, as you've observed Molly, when you've gone to visit him." He looked towards Molly Weasley, who nodded in confirmation. "He too is concerned I am not doing enough for Remus. And I know he has asked you, James, for some work to be getting on with." "I gave him the transcripts of the European Council meetings involving Hermione Grainger, Robert Penwright, Vincento Vincento and Draco Malfoy that we shouldn't have in our possession whatsoever at all – " James arched his eyebrow and the corner of his mouth curled a little, "all three hundred pages of them. He knows, he knows, I told him about Henrietta," James continued quickly, anticipating the question. "It came as something of a shock. And, for once, he was quite happy to do some of this; Merlin knows we need the time in the field for these growing Conjurist attacks." Murmurs of agreement followed from the (number-reduced) Reciprocators. "However, if I do not succeed with something for Remus, if nothing is done soon – " Snape cast a look round the room getting back to the original point, " – his organs will fail and he will die." He felt the panic around him rather than hear or see it. Bathsheba had stopped stirring her tea; Benjamin had frozen as if cursed by Petrificus Totalus. Molly gripped her husband's hand and James leaned forward towards Lily, who did utter a noise, like a mouse being squashed by a lead door. Her face was etched with concern and urgency. Snape answered her unspoken questions. "I am best placed, of course. You've said it yourself, Lily." He looked at her and her face grew more urgent, "you've told me before that if I could devise a potion to help Remus then I can do it now, and I can. It's whether he'll still be alive for it to be of any use to him." "And Septimus? We're hearing a lot of young wizards at Hedgewards are getting ill, Severus." It was Bathsheba's turn to look worried, her little features stood proud of her round, squashy face and her eyebrows knitted. "We cannot be having this for our young people," she added, in her melodious Welsh voice. Snape looked away from the scene on the basement ward of St. Mungo's, at Septimus Lupin stroking his father's hand as a nurse changed his catheter and nodded his head silently in acknowledgement. "He has been under the weather, it is true, but I do feel that will pass. He is concerned with his father, and that of a friend of his who is also ill. Yes, there are some of the students who appear to have come down with some sort of illness. It is still September, of course." "Bug month," interpreted James, who was still holding Lily's shoulder and stroking it gently as she stared towards the portal, at Septimus, who seemed to be talking to his father now, as a nurse came to take Remus's pulse. "Indeed." Snape glanced at his colleague. "Children arriving at schools from all over the country, and indeed, this year, from non-wizard institutions too. Infections of all kinds spread themselves around and mutate through a new crop of less robust immune systems. It's too early to see if there's a pattern, however." Sturgis Podmore, who had been otherwise engaged leafing through some parchments on the table behind the Potters looked up. "Are you sure? What does Caelius say?" The pause that followed was not only pregnant, it was full term, with twins. "Caelius has been otherwise engaged with the Council," said Snape eventually. "I have of course, sent him a message; he is aware of the situation." The council. Severus Snape knew that his co-head of the Reciprocators, despite being such, was wedded to the government of the country. He could see it now: the Mullens, their feet up on the table, taking in the briefing in a laissez faire manner in the hope of winding up Mr Lupin senior; Peaceable Furnace scribbling notes and dispatching others via post imps for immediate action from junior staff members of his department while Anaxagoras Tring looked over his shoulder and made his own notes. Jane Jones would be peering over her spectacles waiting for any slight inconsistency that may pass Caelius's lips, pursing her own and requesting clarification. Hervert Herbert interrupting every now and then to give his own bitter appraisal of the situation. A smile curled at Snape's lip at the thought of Caelius's silent frustration at the Minister for Defence. The Lestranges ignoring all around them, but taking in every word… "It's just getting so terrible," sighed Lily, nodding her head. "These attacks…" she cast her eyes back towards the scene in the hospital. Septimus was holding Remus's hand and talking to him softly about school, and getting to the hospital by Broadclad. "Do we have any news about Tabitha?" All eyes returned to Snape. There was a pause. Sturgis, as the cousin of the Penwrights, had been against Tabitha Penwright undertaking work behind the veil, not least because Snape had had a hand in it. Not that he disliked the wizard – every one of the Reciprocators knew that he respected Severus Snape's ability and talent – but that his cousin had been so closely connected to him; that they had been engaged and called it off…despite her insistence it had been her doing. "Breen came two nights ago with enquiries about an update from Robert," he qualified. Tabitha. The thought of her had passed through Snape's mind earlier that evening, when Caelius had briefed him too on that which he had shared with the council, namely the positions over the last few hours of the sporadic and apparently random attacks on non-magic persons the length and breadth of the country, names of suspects and the increase in Aurors in monitoring the situation that night. While listening to Caelius's report, perfectly delivered as it was, and would be later to the council, he could not put the Mysteriour out of his mind. What would she think about the events? Goblins shoring up money; people – wizards with tentative links to Conjurists wanting equality for magical creatures; the submission of a formal proposal to further expand on the experiment that had seen the introduction of magical creatures into Britain from Strasbourg, in both widening the range of beasts and length of time over which it is carried out. Tomorrow night would be when the Reciprocators would hear it from Caelius. "Nothing more." Snape shook his head, glancing momentarily to Sturgis and holding his gaze. "She is doing her work, Sturgis," said James wearily. "Tabitha even came here to tell us, in that enthusiastic manner of hers." Bathsheba Braddle grinned, nodding too. "Would you have her doing anything other than what she lives to do?" She waited, and watched the wizard pause, before shaking his head briefly. "Besides," continued Bathsheba, changing the subject, her jovial manner giving way to severe sobriety, "whatever Caelius tells us tomorrow, we're far too thinly spread as it is." "All we've been doing is papering over the cracks," interjected Benjamin Wergs, shaking his head, the matter one which he had raised time after time for several months. "We are supporting the Ministry to the best of our ability, but for how long? We're stretched so thin, trying to smooth the community divisions across the country, between wizards and non-wizards?" "How long will it continue is a question we'd all like to know the answer to," interjected Sturgis sombrely, shaking his head, "I mean, we all have a right to some idea about what the Ministry's intentions are. Ben's right, we can't be expected to keep this up indefinitely." "Till Walpurgis Night," Snape muttered, turning his head towards the view at St. Mungo's "Huh! Well you didn't have to be so damned flippant, Snape!" protested Sturgis, folding his arms crossly. "You might as well have asked how long a piece of string!" "Er, what?" Arthur Weasley's brow creased as he tried to understand what the Headmaster of Hedgewards and Sturgis Podmore were saying. It had indeed been a long night. Several long nights, with long days in between," "He doesn't know how long, dear," sighed Molly Weasley, placing a hand softly on her husband's shoulder. "You know…" "Twice the distance from middle to end," said Benjamin, his frustration giving way to mischief. "Unless you mean the real Walpurgis Nigt, that some European witch festival?" Bathsheba nudged him, nearly making him spill his tea, and whispered, "Nerd!" "I am merely repeating Caelius's words," explained Snape, his attention now back with the Reciprocators, "and yes, my apologies Sturgis, if you thought I was being flippant. Indeed, I do not believe the Ministry does know. Perhaps it's a question you may wish to put to him yourself tomorrow night?" "Tomorrow?" Sturgis's brow creased as he sought for memories that he knew were there, somewhere, if only he knew where. "Tomorrow…" "The meeting, to be briefed on the Ministry's progress," Snape explained slowly. "Yes. Of course." Sturgis looked abashed. "My turn to apologise Snape." "None needed. Now, if you'll all excuse me, I think there's a boy who I need to return to Hedgewards before the night is over." "I was about to say," said Lily, dragging her eyes away from the scene too. "Oh, I do hope it's managed to make him feel better, Severus," she added as the wizard walked over to the image, holding aloft his wand before making the hospital ward, Remus Lupin and his son shrink to a thin wisp of light and feeding itself into the tip. "We'll be seeing you tomorrow night then?" Snape nodded. "And is there any news about the Ministry post? For Sam, I mean?" Lily put a hand on Snape's sleeve. "I know you can't discuss it, really…" Snape looked at her, his brow furrowing. "For the sake of equity I will not say whether he has a better chance or that he hasn't. He has represented himself well and I have put my best case on his behalf." Snape put his other hand over hers and patted it . "He has a strong case, Lily, and he is up against 3 others for the only British place." Lily craned her neck to look at James, who smiled at his wife. "You mustn't pester Severus, Lily. He's doing his best." James looked at Snape and mouthed the word "Sorry". "Everyone's done the best they can." Lily's beseeching expression gave way to comprehension; she nodded, before glancing back at the place where the image-portal had been. "His work experience will go in his favour," James continued. "Undoubtedly," agreed Snape, before adding, "now I really must be getting along. I have a young man who is no doubt keen on taking to the skies on the Broadclad." On the back of said broomstick Septimus began to go over the visit to his father again. It was good that Snape had left him; he felt grown up, although not in an altogether privileged way that sometimes feeling grown up felt like. It was more like being weighted down by something, as if learning and having fun was just a brief memory. Now, accelerating into the night, as a pinkish glow in the east began to underline the blanket of stars Septimus felt that he wasn't ready to feel like that at all. Next time, he'd ask Snape to stay – it wasn't like there was anything he wanted to tell Dad that he didn't mind the headmaster hearing. It was what he'd wanted to tell his dad as he'd sat by his bedside, that all would be OK, that mum would be with them and they would all be together again as a family which felt particularly burdensome. Since he couldn't be sure of any of that he'd instead just reached towards his father's ashen hand, limp and clammy as he lay there, unmoving, and told him quietly that he loved him before waiting there quietly, telling him some things he'd done and how he felt at school (and not feeling at all silly, as he'd imagined he would feel) before Snape had ushered him away. A healer had come to tend him just as Septimus was leaving, wiping his brow before unhooking the intravenous drip, and a pang of agony penetrated his stomach. he wished he could stay longer, he wished there was something he could do. He wished mum was around too; she would make him feel better - she always did, and he imagined her working away on some chemical experiment which would turn out to be a potion for Dad, doing what she could for him, however remote the chance that it would actually work. Mum never gave up hope and, as Snape led him to the thick oak doors that marked the end of the hospital ward and the stairwell between floors, he wished, as he looked at the empty bed where the now-well Sirius Black had lain, he could have said the same of himself Snape delivered him back to the door of the Gryffindor common room. He had said very little to Septimus but now turned to him and lowered his head. "Anytime you wish to visit your father, you know where to find me." Septimus nodded. How strange he thought as he felt himself nodding, that he was standing here in the strange autumn morning half-light, he had been delivered back to school by his headmaster having visited his very ill dad, rather than, like a lot of students who would be getting up in a couple of hours, not giving their families a second thought as they got up, breakfasted, chatted to friends, thought up an excuse as to why they hadn't done their homework for their first lesson. He yawned, shielding his mouth with his hand. "Yes, sir," Septimus nodded again, feeling the exhilaration of their journey home, with the dawn hinting on its appearance to their right as they charged north on Snape's ancient, magnificent broom. "I will explain your absence to Professor Exe; you must use your time to rest, Septimus," he added,a tone in his voice reminding Septimus of the time Snape had found him reading "The Story That Never Was" in Grimmauld Place's library and he found himself nodding fervently. Snape watched him go, standing by the common room door as the frame of the Fat Lady's portrait swung back into position. He stared at it a little longer, thinking a thought about Septimus's heritage once again and wondering whether a morning off was enough – he was Remus Lupin's son, after all, before turning and making his way down the steps towards the Grand Staircase and out of the castle into the early morning dawn. Septimus had written to Cecilia, responding to the letter she had written to him, flawed as it had been and infused with emotion. His instinct had been to ask her about her evidence for what constituted non-wizards in a wizard environment but, knowing that she wouldn't take it well, had merely asked her scientific interpretation for her findings. He had surmised himself, of course, that non-wizards would be receiving magical energy and a measure of power, and channelling it. Cecilia thought she could do magic and, if she thought about it rationally, which she was, of course, more than capable of analysing the situation for herself without having to seek the reassurance of her former work colleague. As long as she didn't let her emotions rule her. He must not antagonise her, much as he wished to engage in debate for to marginalise her and isolate her would be something he knew he would regret. But there was something which had occurred to him as they had travelled back to Hedgewards, which is why he was making his way at 5 o'clock in the morning such that it was to the school greenhouses. 88888888 "Tired?" Septimus, making his way across the carpet stopped in his haze of drowsiness. "Yep." He turned. "Late night?" Rufus Lestrange, his dark hair bouncing around his face as he grinned at Septimus. "Late early morning." "Want to play Bottom Trumps?" "No thanks, Rufe," "OK then." Rufus turned back towards the book he was reading, nodding his head as if listening to music as he opened it. That was the thing about Rufus Lestrange: he never asked for explanations, he just accepted people as they were, he didn't expect Septimus to justify why he wasn't in bed. "Rufe?" "Yes?" Septimus yawned, knowing Julian wouldn't be really up to a visit from the young Lestrange boy, but never mind. "Would you like to come later to see Julian? We can all play Bottom Trumps then?" "Ace." Rufus half nodded towards him, sticking up a thumb and grinning beneath his curly locks. Ace, thought Septimus to himself. Who said that anymore? And who accompanied by a thumbs-up? It was beyond bizarre. It was… …Septimus made his way up the steps and put his hand on the dormitory door knob… …it was uniquely… …there was his bed, oh how blissful to sink into it, for his weariness to melt away…he flopped onto it… …uniquely… …Septimus closed his eyes, fleeting images of the Broadclad, Snape, his Dad, the dawn rising, the absence of his mum, St. Mungo's filling his head… …uniquely Rufus. 88888888 The letters in Snape's cloak had not been lost on his journey with Septimus. Uncharacteristically he checked, making sure the post, that had arrived shortly before Septimus, had not inadvertently fluttered down to earth like confetti as they'd flown, not least because he would have some explaining to do to the European Council as to why the exchange of information from Hedgewards to the European schools was somewhat one sided so far. Neville Longbottom was tending a tendril of what turned out to be a shepherd's purse plant or, as Neville explained, capsella bursta-pastoris, as the tiny heart-shaped pods containing the seeds of the plants effected the name. "Or where they should be," he explained, pocketing his letter without a second glance, gently lowering the leaf-stalk studded with the tiny capsules as if it was the arm of a most-adored lover. Snape leaned in looking at the tiny dots glinting in the early morning sun. "Tell me," Snape cleared his throat. "As I understand it, and of course you know Professor Longbottom, that my knowledge of the botanical world, magical or otherwise is somewhat dwarfed by your own, the small pods, the purses, pop to distribute the plant's seeds? A pressure build up? Like pea plants?" "Pisum sativum," nodded Neville, making no comment as to his knowledge or that of Snape's. "Similar. Peas are of the family "Fabaceae"…legumes, of course, the shepherd's purse of brassicaceae. But in principle, yes." Neville bent his head lower, scooping up a branchlet and holding it towards the headmaster. Snape peered lower. It appeared that some of the pods were glittering. "Do you know why this plant is so perfect?" Neville looked at the plant lovingly, running his hand up the stem. "Genetically, the variety of genes that are expressed is vast – " he looked at Snape. "Were it to be human, Snape, you would be keen on investigating its potential with regard to potions research…" Neville Longbottom looked back to the plant. "But, from my point of view, there is so much more scope with plants…" "Why do the seeds glint? And why is some part of it white? Disease?" Neville glanced down at another branchlet before turning to Snape. "Well, that is a question, isn't it? The main question about this plant in particular!" His tone suggested that Snape was in on the humour or the irony and Snape smiled patiently. "If you would indulge me, Professor Longbottom?" "Well," Neville held out a small section of the wildflower weed. "You see here? No glinting." Snape looked down, narrowing his eyes as he scrutinised the small triangular pod. "And here?" The other pod seemed to shimmer. Neville crushed it in his hand, and the other too, revealing tiny glitter-like dots within the latter. "My usual samples of shepherd's purse, ones I usually work with, are of a magical strain. As I said, the range of genes is diverse so it is versatile." "But this plant is…?" "One which is a normal plant, that is to say a randomly-selected example of a non-magical bursta-pastoris." "It is growing glittery seeds – " " – money for the purses!" interjected Neville, laughing. " – indeed," nodded Snape patiently, "but it is also dying." He waited for Neville Longbottom to finish laughing at his own observation of the magical seeds being actually made of gold to fit in the purses, and the Herbology Professor regained his composure and nodded in agreement. "This plant is attempting to emulate the magical variety, but it only did that when I planted it in their vicinity." "Symbiosis?" "No they live independently. They are called companion plants, and some beneficial effects from each taking a useful property of the other go in their favour, evolutionally speaking. So, for example, when the wizard children burst the pods to find the gold to spend, shaking the rest on the floor as they go, they assist in seed distribution. The non-magical variety benefit from emulating this. The magical variety benefit from not being totally wiped out from over-enthusiastic children." "But, the interesting thing," continued Neville, pacing around the greenhouse and examining another plant, "the effect remains for a time, even when the magical plant is pulled up." "Fascinating," agreed Snape. "They seem to have some sort of vibrational signature, which changes when they are in contact with one another. I've been thinking, what do you think, Severus?" He stared up sharply at Snape and stared at him. "The sorting hat – do you consider that people have a similar vibrational interaction with their environment? The botanical one is well documented but I have yet to find substantial evidence in current research for a transferable effect in wizards or non-wizards…" "…because if there was, and it was altered, this is perhaps why the sorting hat refused to sort some of the pupils. Perhaps on a molecular level, it did not, or could not, or would not detect them?" Neville left the question hanging and continued with his tending of his plants, making sure the Venus Fly Traps did not take the tips of his fingers with their dipteral breakfast. "Or it could have just been being grumpy," said Snape, half to himself. His Herbology professor had given him a lot to think about but, before he left the greenhouse he proposed one other question to Neville Longbottom. "How do you feel about wizards and non-wizards? In comparison to plants, I mean?" "As I said, it's not much different with plants, even for non-wizards. They seem to be enjoying it, settling in here, especially those who seem to be able to do magic." "Seem? What do you mean, seem?" There was a long pause; only the sound of pouring water could be heard, Neville watering the Yuckers (big-leaved varieties of yucca plants that licked you if you got too close and covered you with sticky slime) "Well, why I love these bursta-pastoris plants so much, is that they are the exception, rather than the rule. Their seeds really do turn into gold, and their frailty as a result is limited. Most non-magical varieties do not survive. They display several of the significant qualities of their counterparts but, as a result, barely last any time at all. It's as if the magic is concentrated into something brilliant for them, but the cost is their health, and ultimately their lives." Neville looked up from filling up his watering can from the rain-butt at the door entrance. "It is theoretical, but I do hope Professor Hoppe from Beauxbatons has sent me some results from her experiments." He tapped his robe where he had slipped in the letter that Snape had given to him. "It would seem that, should a lot of these plants be removed before the critical time that she calls x, the non-magical plants make a complete recovery. After…" Neville shook his head sadly before looking up quickly, uncertainty etched on his face. "I do apologise, headmaster. Here you are, coming to deliver the post, and there I am, going on." "No indeed," Snape countered, "as with all of your work, it is most fascinating, Neville." And to himself added, "most fascinating. Now, perhaps, might be the right time to allow the students to remain on the right side of x. 88888888 The veil, deep in the Department of Mysteries, in its physical form, forced itself to bunch all its energy together. The material out of which its interface between its inner being and the world, moved slightly. A sudden breeze could have done better. But it was there, it knew, it existed now. And, though the experiment was at best, weak and pathetic, nevertheless it had caused something to happen. Someone was trespassing. Something had to be done. If its feelings could be described, something not to dissimilar to annoyance would be the adjective. Someone had tried to control it before. It had resisted. It would resist again.
Septimus yawned as Professor Crowfoot finished the "Occlumency/Debating" lesson. No-one knew which it actually was but, Septimus had thought as the keen Professor had kept the lesson going for four and a half hours, slowing his speech and then quickening his pace when he got even more excited about prose, that the lesson should be called, "how to make sure no-one knows actually what you're talking about". He couldn't help it: despite being mid-October with a bitter wind seemingly having caught the castle in its sweeping embrace the classroom in which the students were being drowned with loving fervour was hot and humid and the previous night's visit to his dad was only adding to his exhaustion. He yawned again, looking down and thinking of his visit to Julian that evening before glancing at the page beneath his pen, the majority of which had been filled with graffiti. "My wee lesson too boring for ye?" In his Airdrie accent, almost as incomprehensible as the lesson, Struan Crowfoot tutted as the lesson neared its end dropping a parcel of work in front of Septimus. He quickly curled the edge of the page over on itself to hide the silent reply to his teacher and looked away as Crowfoot loomed over, eyeing him doubtfully (or perhaps, if the occlumency had worked suspiciously). Stifling another yawn, Septimus gathered up the work that the wizard had dropped in front of him; thinking of what Julian would say when he brought him yet more work as he fought for a reply but the professor had swept past to another desk muttering something as he dropped another parcel in front of another student. Septimus looked around as his teacher circulated around the still-hot classroom (despite the coolness of the air from the corridor outside rushing in), wondering if any of his classmates, wizard or not, had understood any of it. By the looks on faces, nudges and shakings of heads maybe not. It probably didn't matter – the keener the Professor had been about the subject, even the non-wizard adjustments he'd made in the "Debating" section, the broader his accent had become until it was as if he were talking in a foreign language. On top of that, the subject too, that his brain had simply switched off, and he'd tried not to think anything about the lesson at all – - ha! Perhaps the best defence to legilimency! The thought struck him as he hurried, laden with work for, " – an ye a fessin' nex wik ye - " which, after listening to the conversations around him, Septimus had deduced that there was some sort of test for which the notes he'd written that lesson were almost entirely useless. Stepping out of the classroom the coldness of the outer corridor enveloped his face and he smiled, not least because the lesson was over, but also because, he realised, he felt quite happy. He'd told mum as much and, unlike in previous letters, Septimus realised he actually meant it this time. Maybe he'd got used to being at Hedgewards; maybe just a good feeling about Dad –although there was no basis for it: Dad had just been there, asleep, unconscious, being treated with the allium sativum solution – maybe – "Phew, glad that's over!" Behind him, Darren had caught him up, shaking his head and grinning too. "What're you up to?" "Going to see Julian," Septimus replied, waving the parchment that Professor Crowfoot had given to him. "Oh," nodded Darren, "only I was wondering if you'd wanted to come for a fly. The pitch is free tonight." "No, sorry. Not before tea, anyway." He held up the work for his friend. Darren nodded, his usual impassive face clouding a little. Darren was as serious as anyone could be about Quidditch and he took every opportunity to practice. He hadn't seen Julian since for two days though, and it was unfair of him to leave him visitorless again. "It's OK. Will you come tomorrow? I'd rather like someone to fly with me, and practice." "I'll come." Septimus nodded, glancing past Darren and realising Rufus Lestrange had joined them without making a sound, a great talent, Julian had once wryly observed. It was as if he'd just been dropped next to them out of thin air, no noise whatsoever betraying his passage. "Me too," added Septimus and Darren smiled. It was funny how Darren had become friends with them both following his defence of Julian to Blewitt and subsequetly meeting his challenge. The boy fitted in, as did Rufus Lestrange who, as they walked along the corridor caught them up, silently tagging along with wherever it was they were going. But there were limits: Rufus's almost complete inability to see that he was useless at flying whatsoever being one of them. While he felt sorry for Rufus and his complete lack of any social skills whatsoever Septimus felt worse for Julian, however, stuck in a hospital bed, though the ward had been getting a little emptier, partly from recoveries, partly because of some students going home, a few of the non-wizards had at any rate; Julian had been keeping a forensic eye on the proceedings and coming up with several conspiracy theories as to their disappearance. Septimus knew it was probably because his friend was bored and had felt rather bad that he'd felt too tired the day before after visiting Dad. He also hoped Darren wouldn't mention about the next day's planned flying - his broom hadn't quite recovered from shock since the last time he borrowed it. "Off to see Julian," Septimus explained. "You coming?" Darren nodded and, after a brief pause, so did Rufus. "So what work do you reckon old Crowfoot has for him?" Darren asked Septimus as they walked along the ever-filling corridor towards the courtyard. "I wonder, if we read it, perhaps we can understand it before our test!" "Test? What test?" Rufus frowned as they walked together over the damp flagstones. "The one that Crowfoot said we'd have next lesson." "No..." There was a pause, as if Rufus was running through something in his head. "No," he said, sounding definite. "He didn't say anything about a test. He said not to worry about much and that we'll understand it next week." "He did?" Septimus sounded doubtful. "Sure," said Rufus. "And you understand him?" asked Darren, incredulously. "He said, "an ye a fessin' nex wik ye," ", said Rufus. "He said not to worry. I just asked him, 'cos that's what I thought too. He said we weren't to fuss." "Well, that's OK then," said Darren. "We can play exploding snap with him then." "Or Bottom Trumps," agreed Septimus, "or – " "The pines, Rufus said, chopping in with something completely unrelated and adopting the faraway air of a person on a different plane of existence, albeit temporarily. The friends had begun to get used to Rufus now. Darren leaned back and looked at Septimus, grinning but shaking his head at the same time. "Well, you can let Julian listen," said Septimus with a grin, "perhaps that'll stop him from throwing up!" They made their way up to the second floor, the autumn sunlight slicing through the clouds. As they turned the corner they almost bumped into a group of girls, Ro Robinson, Gertrude Goldsmith and Ariella Blewitt. When they saw the boys they turned to one another scuttling away giggling. "What was that about?" asked Darren, frowning after them. "No idea." Septimus looked after them too. "I wonder – " "You wonder...what– ?" He turned back, but before Darren could pursue his friend's thought process he banged into something. Septimus jerked his head round. "Blewitt!" The older boy was blocking their path. Darren's tone had changed to angry indignation from absent curiosity. "Don't!" screamed Septimus albeit silently. "You mustn't stand up to him!" He looked at the face of his friend: Darren too knew to restrain himself and he was doing it, but only just. "Don't want to make it public, eh, D…d…d…Darren?" The older student craned his neck down to First Year height. Darren, to his credit, said nothing, but didn't move. He stared back steelily at Fraser Blewitt while his two cronies lumbered round the corner too smirking at the three first years. Blewitt held up a hand. Septimus glanced at Darren. It had been a few weeks back, at Quidditch practice, that he'd too noticed that which taunt sought to highlight. "Come to find more rebels?" "Excuse us, you're in our way." Septimus forced the assertiveness into his words as he placed a hand on Darren's shoulder. Just in time too – it had contained the explosion that might otherwise have happened. Blewitt frowned slightly for a moment, before bursting into mocking laughter. "Come on, lads," he said, beckoning over his shoulder for the two trainee wizards most likely to get a job in wrestling. "We'll leave these little shrimp to their f…f…fun." Darren jerked his head in their wake, and Septimus put his hand back on his friend's shoulder. He'd never seen a blacker, more furious face. It took a few moments before Darren attempted to speak. His voice was wavery, as if it was taking all of his effort to keep his anger in. "Oh, and by the way," Frser Blewitt turned his head and called after them, "tell that...friend...of yours to stay away from Ariella." The older boys strode off, laughing. "If…if I ever see him again…and if it's a dark night…and he's on his own – " Darren shook his head, his rage now ebbing a little, " – Merlin help him!" "Come on," said Septimus, wondering what Blewitt meant about rebels and his sister, "forget him. Exploding Snap, remember?" It wasn't long before Julian had been looking progressively worse, seemed to be weaker than he had been a few days before. Madam Pomfrey had even talked to him about the possibility of going home to improve. Julian said that he had told the "Magical Nurse" (as he had begun to call Poppy Pomfrey) that he had written to his mum and dad and they said the best place for him to be was in school. If the school hospital can't cure him, his mum had written, nothing would. Septimus had been taken aback with bluntness of his parents but it was from his mother that Julian had inherited his pragmatic nature and dry sense of humour. Nevertheless, for his friend to share the fact he had written home with them meant that he was worried. "Brought you something," Septimus said, changing the subject. They'd found a few chairs in the now half-empty hospital wing, one for each of them and had arranged them around Julian's bed ready to play cards for sweets. As Darren shuffled the cards (they sparked) Septimus unfolded the work bundle from their last lesson and gave Julian back his biology homework about DNA and hereditary. "A "B+"". Julian craned his neck to decipher the grade. "Well, looks like Professor Huggy-Bear liked some of it. What did you get, Darren?" Julian nudged him, chuckled, then coughed hard. Darren looked down at what their teacher, John Huxley-Baird, had scrawled on his. Septimus smiled, feeling a tinge of angst. He missed his friend in their lessons. He'd been there with Septimus at their tiny school near Penrith, when Septimus had not spoken to anyone for the first week. Julian had shown him his rock collection. Septimus had opened up to Julian about his estranged family. "Strange family, more like," Julian has said. It had made Septimus laugh, and that was that. ""B+" as well." It turned out that both Septimus and Rufus (after a bit of questioning) had also achieved the same grade and it had prompted Darren to wonder if the teacher had in fact bothered to read them. "I put in about us being related," said Rufus. "Us?" Darren furrowed his brow, "Oh yes of course. Your mum is dad's cousin." Darren, the younger brother of Dudley Black, was far more talented on the quidditch pitch, judging by the fact that the latter had only once turned up for a trial in his fourth year - Darren had been uncharacteristically chatty one evening shortly after the quidditch near-wand up [like a punch up, but wizard style] - but, Darren had described, had never been good enough for the Gryffindor team. Nevertheless, Dudley was ploughing the fields of PP-commerce and Darren clearly looked up to him, following as Dudley was in Regulus's business-hungry footsteps. Sirius, it turned out, with philanthropic leanings, had succumbed, more or less, to what he deserved. At least in Grandfather Phineas Black's opinion. Septimus had since found out that Darren's uncle Sirius called his dad Moony, because that's what he did on last day of school from the top of the astronomy, trousers missing presumed on a quidditch flagpole. He'd never told Septimus that he stuttered though, nor had shown any signs of it. "Yes. I thought it was mean of Fraser Blewitt to make fun of you." Septimus looked at Rufus, dragging his mind away from his internal tangential train of thought. "You stammered like that when you were younger, and now, hardly at all." He was about to say something to Rufus about perhaps not needing to mention it now when Julian shuffled up the bed, and said, "Really?" "Oh yes. He only spoke properly when he was seven," Rufus continued, blithely. "But he could play all positions in Quidditch by then, too." Septimus looked at Darren, whose face had begun to blacken, but then it lightened, and he shrugged. Rufus never meant anything maliciously and Septimus was getting used to it. "We met Fraser Blewitt and his lot as we came." Septimus filled in the gap for Julian. "Makes sense. Perhaps he was looking for his sister." "Ariella?" Septimus frowned. He'd seen her go off with her friends before her brother had turned up. But then, what was it that Fraser Blewitt had said about keeping their friend away from his sister? "Yes. Kept hanging around by me and Bones McCoy - " Julian waved a clammy, thin arm towards the hospital's life-sized model skeleton. Bit weird, actually." "She is," agreed Darren, shuffling a chair nearer to Julian's bed. "You got the cards then?" he added, lowering his voice. Madam Pomfrey strictly forbade games in the hospital: too many opportunities to get over-excited, she'd said. He carefully extracted both Exploding Snap and Bottom Trumps from between his pair of pillows and handed them to Darren "Changing the subject, thanks for this," he said, gesturing to the book, "Magical Plants." "Most interesting – did you know that there's a type of lichen that completely disappears when some spells are cast and they take the spell and it can move." "No, I didn't know that. But it does sound interesting," nodded Septimus as Darren shuffled the Bottom Trumps cards. "When we get back to Helvellyn, we can try it." "You can," said Julian, dully, looking sadly at Septimus for a moment. "I can't do magic, not properly. You won't get me believing that just because I go to a magical school and suddenly I can do magic, not like some of these dolts here do," he gestured around the room at his companions as Darren dealt out the cards onto the bed into four neat piles. "You can, though, Septimus." "You can't though," Darren reminded him, "you can't do magic outside school." Septimus nodded. "Of course," Septimus nodded, and glanced at Julian, before taking a few steps back – Julian had chosen that moment to be sick all down the side of his bed. "Yuck!" said Darren, turning away. "Can't believe you've just done that, Rocky." Julian leaned back up and looked at Darren, his eyes narrowing slightly for a moment before closing them and sagging. He really did look ill, thought Septimus, even after Darren's jibe, first uttered on the Hogwarts Express, used now in fraternal affection. Julian flopped back and closed his eyes again and Septimus passed him the water glass on the table next to the bed. No-one spoke for a few minutes. A house elf had appeared and caused the pile of vomit to disappear from the floor before whisking away the top blanket from Julian's bed, cards and all. Darren was about to protest but Madam Pomfrey had chosen that moment to oversee the cleanliness of their environs. After tutting at the mess, chiding the house-elf (who had apparently been brought up from the kitchens to help in the ever-growing number of patients) offering what could have been construed as comforting words to Julian she took away the bedcover before any of the boys could issue protest. "You'll be all right, Mr. Scott." Madam Pomfrey shooed the hapless elf out of the way and finished the job while declaring her opinion. But Septimus didn't think so despite the nurse's authoritative commandment. "I reckon they need to tell the teachers," breathed Julian, sagging back onto his pillow when Madam Pomfrey left, "that that's what we think about their parcels of work." "Too right," Darren watched the back of Madam Pomfrey as she left with his Trumps cards before delving into his pocket for the pack of exploding snap, "it makes me sick every day and I'm not even in here." Septimus felt himself smile momentarily as a pang of sadness for his friend's situation passed over him. He was about to point out if he'd been a little more accurate projectally-speaking, he might have got out of Occlumency homework altogether. He was just wondering what Julian's parents had to say when Rufus, who seemed to be attuned to music in another plane of reality began nodding his head, although Septimus wondered whether anyone could be sure what he was agreeing to. "So, what's new in Hedgewards then?" asked Julian, watching as Darren started their game. "What's your Uncle Kay brought to the place this week?" "Not Uncle Kay," began Septimus, winning the first round, the little pile of cards on Julian's rucked-up bedding. "The European Parliament has told the teachers they've got to do loads more work. It's all over the PP," Rufus continued seamlessly (and unnervingly), fishing out his portable pensieve from his pocket and calling up the newspage of "Daily Prophet" before passing it to Julian as Darren re-dealt the cards. Julian glanced at the brilliant light, nodded, before flopping his hand towards his friend, returning it. "'s right though. You thought they might have not been bothered about work if they have to work with teachers at other schools - " he looked at Julian's pucely-decorated homework, "but no. Also, more people in here," Septimus continued, "and less in class. Not good, really. The teachers really notice you when the classroom's half empty." "And then there's those going round with the Cs on their arms'," added Rufus, nodding as was his way, to non-existent music, "but only in biro, and swearing the M-word to the non-wizards..." The world stopped. Septimus opened his mouth to protest but Darren had got there first, nudging Rufus hard in the stomach. Rufus's face crumpled in incomprehension. "It doesn't matter." Julian shook his head and lowered his gaze to the Exploding Snap cards. "Come on," said Septimus, his tone deliberately up-beat, reaching for the cards and dealing them out quickly. "I want to win a few more before tea." He knew what Blewitt had meant now, and where they had been before meeting him, Rufus and Darren in the corridor on the way here. "Are you going to stop me, Jules?" Taking his own pile, Julian gave him a, "you bet I am," look and as the friends continued their game and Septimus could see his friend's mood lift as little poofs as piles of cards continued to blast sparks when they got pairs, won some, lost some, before Madam Pomfrey shooed them away. "Go," she ordered, having been alerted to the forbidden cards being brought into her hospital by the proportional amounts of mirth they were extracting from four eleven-year olds. "Half an hour," she instructed, pocketing the cards amid protests. "Your friend needs rest - lord knows they all do," Madam Pomfrey added as she swept them towards the door. "You can wait here, since it's too early for tea." "Madam Pomfrey...?" Septimus endeavoured to peer past her through the now-closing infirmary door. "Julian...he said his mum knows how bad he is, and she wants him to stay here. He seems really poorly..." "He's in the best place," nodded the nurse. "If we can't cure him, no-one can, not even St. Mungo's," she added. "But we will," Madam Pomfrey reassured Septimus warmly, her hand on his arm before bustling back though the door. He sank next to Remus on a very old couch that to one side of the door tucked around the corner. The window next to Darren framed a darkening, red-streaked sky, one perfect for quidditch practice. "Thanks for coming with me," Septimus said to Darren's left ear as Rufus pulled out his PP and began to tap on it before pocketing it again and staring down the corridor. "I think it meant a lot to Julian, especially with who visited him before us." Darren turned his head, his features blank. "Someone who said that he hoped our friend hadn't seen Ariella..." Darren raised his eyebrows sharply. "And when Rufus - " Septimus glanced left - no reaction - " - mentioned the "M"- word..." It took few seconds, and then Darren's expression of indignant outrage told Septimus that he'd figured it out too. "The - " - there was a long pause as Darren sought an appropriate adjective - "- sods! The utter sods!" He glared at Septimus as if he were Blewitt himself, before sinking back into the well-buttocked sofa-cushions. "Glad you asked me, then," he added, his voice returning to normal. "Oh, I forgot." He reached into his blazer pocket, sliding out a copy of the latest "Quiddith Monthly". "Got this for you. Mum sent it. Never forgets," he added watching as his friend smiled at the thin volume, adverts for brooms vying for space with numerous portable pensieve ones, Septimus noticed as the cover fell flat. "Great," smiled Septimus. He glanced through the window again as Darren took the magazine, turning to the page where the "Firebolt" broom company had a small article on a compact broom, an import from South Korea, the Flamesong. It was light and zippy, not really a quidditch broom, however. "Nothing in the league of the Lightningshot," mused Darren, a little envy in his voice. "You'll have to thank your mum," said Septimus, trying to picture Petunia Black's face. He'd met her once, of course, and he remembered pictures of Dudley lined up on the mantlepiece in the Blacks' living room, jostling for position with Regulus's industry awards. "'course," said Darren. "Your mum knows mine, that's why she wrote asking me to pass it on to you. Dudley's going out with your sister." My sister? "Freya? Oh yes, of course." Septimus vaguely remembered, or at least thought he did. A lot of what Freya did was vague. That was, when she hadn't been getting in trouble with his parents. "If you go practicing tomorrow, Daz, you can borrow my Lightningshot, if you want." There was a pause. "Seriously?" Septimus nodded. "Cool! That really will be so cool, Septimus." Darren grinnned. "Nothing like having my own, though. I'd rather that than a portable pensieve - " he spoke up deliberately so Rufus could hear, though if he could he didn't show it. Septimus grinned too. He knew that Darren didn't mean Rufus; it was most of the rest of the school population who had managed to acquire one of these much sought-after latest things, chatting to one another via the pensieves as they sat next to one another, or projecting mirrors by which they could do their hair. "Far better to race and enter a team than just sit about and chat," Septimus agreed. "They certainly seem popular, what do you think, Rufe?" Rufus's head, bobbing to a noiseless beat, turned and smiled. "What's that?" "Quidditch broom or portable pensieve?" asked Darren. "Which would you have, if you had to choose?" "Probably the pensieve," replied Rufus, "if I had to choose. But music is much better played live, so neither." And he went back to nodding his head as the other to boys' gaze trailed back to the sunset and the conversation waned to silence. "Too early for tea," murmured Darren and he eyed the scene through the window, "too bad we lost our cards." He glanced across in the direction of the hospital and then, all of a sudden, his face broke out into a grin, then his mouth opened as he laughed heartily "Shush!" Septimus nudged Darren, and then he saw what Darren had seen, forcing himself to contain his own laughter - Rufus was holding the very cards Madam Pomfrey had confiscated. "We've got a wizard on our hands, sure enough!" As they rearranged themselves on the settee so as to resume play Rufus went on to explain that, far from being a well-trained pickpocket he had managed to re-programme his PP to replicate small-scale objects and what the nurse had taken was a copy that would fade to nothing in her well-stuffed pocket within the hour. When they got bored of snap, the outcome of which was a draw all round and several charred holes to Darren's trousers, much to the boys' amusement Septimus jerked his thumb towards the door of the hospital. "Got to have been half an hour now," he said, getting up. Darren bounced up too, sweeping up the playing cards. "C'mon." All three boys crept back into the hospital and over to where Julian lay, asleep. Despite their caution, no-one challenged them and they walked over to him. "He's asleep, and I'm hungry," stated Rufus. "He's not asleep, and you, you always think of your stomach," retorted Julian, opening his eyes. "You OK?" asked Septimus. "Nice flowers," commented Darren, smirking. "They're not mine!" Julian protested, "they're Aoife's." He gestured to the bed where a girl was sleeping. "I asked that elf who works here to push them over. Never seen anything like it before. They change colour, and scent. Love to know how." Julian laughed, punctuating his geniality with engine-backfiring coughs. "So - " he coughed, taking the cup of water that Darren had offered him, "what've you been talking about, like a bunch of girls?" "Sep's going to lend me his lightningshot," said Darren, proudly. "Dudley will be so jealous when I tell him, too!" "And," interjected Rufus, leaning over to Julian and holding his portable pensieve, "music. Only don't spew up on my PP, Rocky!" He smiled, looking between the three boys and the effect was as though Rufus had just spoken his first few words of a foreign language and was awaiting a reaction to gauge the success of his attempt. Despite his words jarring oddly Julian grinned anyway, his ashen face glowing a little in amusement. "Not much good now they've blocked everything," sighed Darren, reaching into his pocket for the playing cards. "Ozzie's been in a real bad mood now he can't get the quidditch scores." Oscar Jones, captain of the Gryffindor team had protested at the restriction of freedom of information by camping out on the steps outside Professor Snape's office. He'd managed three days before the headmaster had explained that if he failed to attend lessons he would forfeit his place in his NEWTs which would mean that he would, by default, sacrifice his captaincy. It had taken him less than five minutes to get back to the Astronomy tower. But his bitterness towards the ban remained. "Not everything," said Rufus, handing the PP to Darren. Septimus caught a glimpse of the screen before watching his friend's face light up in wonder. "Live...? Now...? Finland versus Slovenia?" Rufus leaned over and tapped the ball of the pensieve. At once the match was surrounding them, on the walls the stadium in Turku, the quidditch goals over Aoife's bed; those of the opposition projected over the door of the ward. It was as if they were there, waiting as the crowds waited, for the national team to face the away team, who were hovering in the vaulted ceiling, their bright yellow robes streaming behind them in the blustery wind. He tapped it again, and the image shrunk again. Another tap and projection again. "...how...?" Both Darren and Julian said together. Septimus said nothing - he was staring in the direction of the door that led to Madam Pomfrey's room. Shuffling behind it suggested movement and if they were unlucky she'd catch them. "Mum's sports minister, so I get access to all sports, any sports," said Rufus. "The restrictions don't seem to have applied to my PP. Plus, I don't care what the Professors say they've done, there's still getting messages through to other pensieves too. Stuff about - " Rufus lowered his voice and spoke gravely, "the Daily Prophet. I get it all, but mostly the sports. Mum's just nuts," he added, shaking his head and tapping the PP's sphere. "'C'mon," said Darren, as both Septimus and Julian tried to contain their laughter at Rufus's last comment, "put it back on!" "No!" hissed Septimus quickly as Julian's coughing overcame him again. "Madam Pomfrey!" He pointed towards the door. "OK, come on," said Darren. "The owlery? Do you reckon the owls would mind?" "Take it," said Rufus, shrugging his shoulders and handing the PP to Darren.. "I'm not worried about watching it tonight, I'd rather go back to the greenhouses. Just don't get caught. Mum'll go spare." "OK," said Darren, his eyes merry with excitement as Rufus strode off without saying goodbye. He pocketed the pensieve as lovingly as Rufus had earlier and headed towards the door, then turned and said, "you don't mind? Septimus? Julian?" His eyes lingered on Julian for a moment before looking, questioningly at Septimus. "I've got occlumency homework to get through," said Septimus, sorely wishing he could go with Darren but he wanted a reason to stop with Julian. "Tell me the highlights later, would you?" "Will do." "And you can borrow the Lightningshot tomorrow, if you like," Septimus added. "Really? Cool." Darren nodded his thanks before scampering away, grinning happily. "So, is Madam Pomfrey coming?" asked Julian, who'd just shuffled down a bit in hi bed. "And have you got occlumency to do?" "Yes, and yes," nodded Septimus, looking towards the door. The healer did indeed come in, checking on Aoife, who still appeared to be asleep. "Aoife managed to change her bed linen into gold leaf," Julian sighed with the effort. "Who said alchemy was extinct?" Aoife Waters, a non-wizard from Swindon had, a few days before, been competing with Julian as to who could effect the most outrageous magic. Now, both seemed much weaker. Surely it wasn't just him, Septimus, who was worried about Julian? Surely there were other people worried about other non-wizards, or the situation as a whole? "Here," said Septimus, tossing a newspaper onto Julian's distinctly not-gold bedcovers. "I got this for you. It's yesterday's, but the Columb Muldoon was going to throw it out." "Thanks, just what I always wanted," said Julian, "a soggy newspaper." Septimus waited, and then Julian, looking harder added, "a herbology catalogue." He grinned at Septimus. "That is what I always wanted! There's some cool stuff in here." Dangerous things, thought Septimus, happy that his friend was happy. He glanced at chip-paper wrapping, the "Daily Prophet", number one enemy of any teacher in the school, PP-speaking. Strangely, having a print copy was somehow alright. As Julian pored away at the catalogue, muttering aloud his wish-list, Septimus looked at the headlines. Conjurists putting their side; conjurists accused of terrorising non-wizards; developments in Strasbourg; music listings; the death of a witch in Switzerland; an article about...Septimus smoothed out the crumpled page...wizards concerned at the illnesses of - " - Hedgwards' non-wizards, and their unprecedented and unexplainable illnnesses - " "...hm?" Julian glanced up. "Look, some people have written to say they're concerned with you." "Me?" Julian craned over. "You and everyone who's ill like you. And I thought it was just me." The letters were brief an to the point, the gist of most wondering what Snape and/or Caelius Lupin were going to do about the situation. "I'll tell you," said Julian, closing his eyes momentarily, pushing both the herbology catalogue and the newspaper sheet away and lowering his voice waiting for Poppy Pomfrey to bustle past. When she'd gone he opened his eyes and continued, "you're going to have an assembly pretty soon. Professor Snape talked to Madam Pomfrey about it last night when they thought I was asleep. I nearly was," he added, "and I thought I'd dreamed it at first, but then I opened my eyes and saw them both. He's going to talk about how dangerous the conjurists are; tht anyone actively promoting conjurism are to be expelled; he'll explain why it's important to talk to other wizard schools. And we'll go home, eventually." Julian stopped, and closed his eyes again, sighing like an old man whose body was running out of time. They'd go home, Septimus repeated to himself a couple of times as he continued to sit by Julian, waiting to see whether he was going to open his eyes again, and felt his own frame heave, but with relief. They're going home! "Hm, I wonder if that's what he really thinks." Julian's lips were barely moving but in the stillness of the evening Septimus could her him. He leaned closer and whispered back. "What do you mean, Jules?" "Perhaps he felt he needed people to know that students weren't getting well. Perhaps he disagrees with your Uncle Kay?" Septimus didn't reply. Julian was, as usual, making a lot of sense. He knew that Snape wasn't as keen on the idea of accepting non-wizards and now they were becoming ill, to say nothing and claim everything was and would be alright might damage the credibility of the ministry's experiment. That was one explanation, he supposed. But all Septimus really wanted, deep down, no matter what, was his friend to be alright. If that meant him going back home, and even the headmaster of the school thinking it was for the best then home Julian should be. He looked around the hospital room, at the moon-shadows, feeling a chill as his poorly friend took his ease. A distant fluttering ten minutes later, as Septimus began to pore over his millstone-like homework made him look up and chuckle to himself as Dorielle (hitherto Mervyn) sought him out. Had that been a win for Finland or Slovenia, he wondered. Septimus read his work and, even on the fourth reading made no sense to him, and he'd written it. He crumpled it up before taking a fresh sheet. Dorielle waited patiently as she watched him write, this time not work, but unmistakeably, even to a wild bird, a letter. Septimus's last letter had told the recipient all that Hedgewards should have been, or how he would have liked it to be. Now it was time to tell his mum exactly what was going on. 88888888
88888888 "Dear Mr and Mrs Black, I regret to inform you…" Petunia Black leaned back in the chair of the telephone table against the green velvet curtain in the hallway of their small, suburban house, glanced at the two other letters that lay on the glass top before narrowing her eyes. She recognised both hands: one looped and neat, exact and sickeningly perfect. In contrast, the scrawl that had, against all odds, allowed the owl to deliver it all the way from a tiny Norwegian island made Petunia's defensiveness melt away and she picked up Cecilia's letter, dropping the first that she had opened. Cecilia. She picked at the top before unfolding a slightly grubby and creased leaf, relaxing as she did so as she read her friend's letter. It was inexplicable that she and Cecilia had become friends all those years ago. The woman had literally turned up out of nowhere at the door of the Reciprocators' headquarters, her brother-in-law Sirius's house. But it had been Cecilia's genuineness, her lack of pretence, her honesty even when she had made some blundering errors that others in the Reciprocators had pounced on to beat her with, those things that had drawn Petunia to her and made her like the woman. That, and the fact that Cecilia regularly got up the noses of both her sister and Henrietta Edwards, of course. Petunia glanced sideways at the other letter, pristine and exact, the words put together thoughtfully and impeccably composed. What did she want that she thought Petunia could give her? Was it the fact that Henrietta had, according to several anonymous sources, been aiding dark wizards and Conjurists, something which Petunia sensed had been the cause of her death? She looked back to the letter in her hand. Three months out of date and Cecilia's happiness and "to hell with it" attitude that may have poured off the page had the words been liquid that caused Petunia to smile. Cecilia had written of her reconciliation with Remus, and that now she had found a way to return to Britain, against the express wishes of her brother-in-law Caelius Lupin. Her family meant so much to her, Petunia knew, that her love of them was interwoven with the twists and turns of the untidy handwriting of hers. It was the same feeling she, Petunia, felt for her own family, that deep yearning of worry, edginess and suppressed euphoria that sometimes made her laugh out loud when she was alone, or cry a few tears next to her sleeping Regulus if she were awake at night thinking about them. No matter how others thought of them. No matter how Lily thought of her nephews, she corrected herself. Many times, through her own life, when she had let them down unintentionally or sometimes because she had been so annoyed with her parents' constant negativity towards her on purpose, the reason for her inadequacies had been jealousy of her younger sister. And on the face of it, Petunia could understand why, of course. Her deep empathetic skill made her all too aware of her parents' feelings towards her and their favouritism of Lily made it even worse. Petunia was the eldest, and as such, was expected, at least in their parents' eyes, to defer to Lily, to praise her for her magical ability, to put up with the taunts and bullying that she had encountered and endured at Hedgewards. And there had been only one person to stand up for her then, against Henrietta Edwards' incitement of hatred at school: Regulus Black, whom she had followed on his leaving school, and never returned, much to her parents' chagrin. Not Lily, who to their folks, had claimed she had begged Henrietta to stop, but to no avail. Besides, it had been so often pointed out that Petunia was older, the implication being that she was either too weak in character or too stupid to do something about it herself. Yes, Petunia recalled, as she had followed the year group after their official leaving party, to Hogsmeade, and then had gone off with Regulus, her defender and confidante, whom Petunia had loved and still loved every bit as much every day, whom she had supported with all her heart in turn when he forged a career in magical architecture, before going freelance and securing employment for Dudley. Lily had never forgiven her flight. Their father had gone to search for her in a rainstorm, come home and died of a fever three days later and her mother had lasted only another three months before she, too, had died. Lily had made funeral plans for their mum and had deliberately kept Petunia in the dark, cuttingly suggesting that Petunia's empathy should have meant she knew about them anyway. Why should Petunia have thought her little sister would have been any different about their mother's death than about anything that had gone on at school? She'd then spent every opportunity since the birth of her perfect sons making sure Petunia knew about each and every one of their successes, about James's success in the Ministry while, each time, asking in that oh-so-caring way, about any problems with Dudley and Darren, asking about Regulus's long hours and relatively low pay. And it was low pay. Not many wizards wanted new houses, less still for their defensive spells to be reinstalled. She glanced out of the window and at the large advertising sign on their front driveway. "Need a spell to put them in hell? Want to hex'em all the way to Wrexham? Buy a charm alarm from the nation's NUMBER ONE magical architect Reggie Black! No job too big or too small! 25 years in the business!" Petunia smiled. It was a job that he loved, something he was great at. And they managed – they always would – despite the opinion of any of those so-called Reciprocators. Petunia looked again at the letter from Hedgewards, posted as it had been through Royal Mail. Severus's diplomatically impeccable attention to detail. He knew how she clung to everything non-magical, everything perfectly non-wizard ordinary. Severus. Petunia had sensed early on that Severus Snape was going to achieve many great things; whether good or ill, they would be on a grand scale, proportional to his talents and considerable magical ability. She glanced at the letter from Lily again. Perhaps this would be the twin of the Hedgewards letter, consoling her about her son's misdemeanour, silently reminding Petunia of how much Lily valued her own sons' spotless school records. She reached across and was about to shred it to pieces, but then stopped. It wasn't about Darren that Lily was writing, not Dudley and his new-found singledom out of the company of Freya Tonks (as the girl had become, much to Cecilia's sadness). As she opened and read the letter, deliberately discarding the envelope on the floor, Petunia couldn't resist a smirk of satisfaction. "Oh no, you," exclaimed Petunia loudly. "Nothing for you, eh?" She laughed aloud again. But for Sam. Coward. Asking for help for Golden boy Sam, who was to become the youngest intern the European Ministry had ever seen, who would also win every event at the Modern Magical Olympics while playing a fugue and conversing in Gnollish. Perfect Sam. But he needed tuition in Empathy for his interview. Her project that she'd written all those years ago for General Magical Studies about empathy-strong witches and wizards in history, that has set her up for a hexing from the gang that night, led on by Henrietta Edwards. The one Petunia knew Lily knew she'd kept for all those years. So, she wanted her to send it to Sam at Hedgewards. It was good, then, when Lily said it was, good enough for her boy to help him on his career path. Where had her help been when Petunia had been punished for staying out of dorm all night, having been driven out one summer's evening by Miss Edwards? When had her perfect sister stuck her neck out for family? She would, Petunia thought, she would send the work to Sam. Of course she would. And Lily knew it too. Which is why the letter was now lying screwed up next to the envelope and being edged by Petunia with her foot to the open hearth and kicked into it. Of course she would send the work Sam. It wasn't Sam's fault she had a mother like that. There was a reason why she and Regulus had abstained from joining the Reciprocators, despite Aberforth's relentless insistence that their skills would be valuable. A few reasons, Aberforth, Petunia added bitterly. The fire in the grate licked the paper hungrily as Petunia went back to the remaining two pieces of mail. Which next? Severus Snape's letter was for information only, and didn't require a reply, only an acknowledgement of receipt, which Petunia had already sent. And Cecilia's? Three months out of date and therefore of no use to anyone, only as a snapshot in time of her friend's happiness that she and her husband has reconciled. Petunia turned, narrowing her eyes in the direction of the red brick-built fire place. Remus. If Cecilia knew what she knew... …what she suspected… …the Cecilia then. Then the woman would find solace rather than frustrating isolation in that wretched school that farmed out bigots and snobs to impose more things on the country from a biased, unelected European Wizarding Council. She got up, looking around her already pristine house. Tomorrow, Petunia thought, with regard to her nephew's education. Tomorrow I'll find it out, or the day afterwards. Not today, she shouted silently at the now ashy letter and envelope. I've got far too much cleaning of the house to worry about before I try to find that out for you. 88888888 Coldness. Nothing like Cecilia had ever experienced, penetrated every crack and fissure, seeping through seemingly solid three-foot walls as hot water through ice. She had taken to wearing all of her clothes at once now, only parting with her clothes for the castle elves to wash (dry, iron and fold) when they came to clamour for them of an evening and only then allowing them access to her room once she had put herself under several quilt layers topped by a heavy skin, vowing to herself that she would not move even an inch all night lest the urgent, questing freeze would dart in the gaps and chill her. It was only October, Cecilia thought to herself as she threw her under layers of clothes onto the floor by the door as she redressed by the furnace-like fire with her outer layers next to her skin. What would the cold be like in January and February? To say it was bitterly cold was an understatement, though it was one she had used in her covering letter to Caelius's office, accompanying her weighty tome describing the implementation of the laws from Strasbourg; the dissatisfaction and disquiet from the professors here at Durmstrang; the students' learning; Ragnhild's help to get around the building and even the scores of the school's quidditch matches that took place above the owlery. This would he her third winter at the school and, as the door creaked open and a "swoosh" exactly like a castle-elf diving for her laundry at lightning speed made her look over in the hope of seeing one of the little things, Cecilia wondered how she had borne the other two. The usual hard-nosed attitude of staff and students meant they simply carried on as Cecilia had found out when she'd made an attempt to talk to Ragnhild about the matter. She'd told Cecilia to wear more clothes for, she'd said, in her usual matter-of-fact manner, that, "there's no such thing as bad weather, only bad clothing." Clothing had indeed kept out the worst of the cold but Cecilia did seem to feel the cold more than others at the school, and the thought of stopping at the school much longer and the tiredness and illness that plagued her from time to time was beginning to get her down. Snuggling down under her bedclothes Cecilia waved her left hand clockwise which allowed the air around her to glow. Not that she could perform much magic of course, but that which she could do Cecilia found she was beginning to use without even thinking about it. Her mid drifted to her latest quantity of information that she had had the pleasure of dispatching to her brother-in-law. The research that Ragnhild was carrying out, into the redheaded gene; the mutterings and protests by several of the professors there at Durmstrang that they must share their work with other magical schools. More interesting than any of that was the page that had been discarded by the Professor of Altithology, who gave lessons to the pupils in distance from the ocean and all manner of applications therein, who had discarded two pages of the Daily Prophet in disgust after he had received a sample of bogweed by owl, declaring that this probably the one thing that was least connected to height, being a plant that was found deep in lakes and rivers. Cecilia had been walking along the corridor at the time, tailed by twelve fourth year students who had finally pinned her down into giving them a lesson and the sheets had floated in front of her and before her feet and she had scooped and scrunched them up, pocketing them before finding them later that evening. Apart from the fact that it was clearly Professor Longbottom who had send bogweed to the affronted Professor Anders Boe and that had conjured up bitter-sweet memories of Hedgewards as she recalled his honest, keen face, but the fact that she rediscovered them that evening as she was shedding some layers of clothing before replacing them with others had made Cecilia realise what she had got. Reading past the usual Prophet bias it was clear that there was a growing disquiet from several sections of the wizarding community and some non-wizards too that the Hedgewards policy of admitting non-wizards had been a crazy experiment which had failed to do what Caelius Lupin had set out to do. Cecilia's mouth curled again in the darkness as it had done when she had read, and re-read the columns. Unity had gone too far, it had said, in its edition a fortnight before, far beyond the natural boundaries that culturally separated the two peoples. So, thought Cecilia a distant scream reached her through the thick castle walls, you haven't manage to charm the general public, brother-dearest. Even though I believed it to be wrong, it took for you to implement it to prove to the whole country how wrong you were – Here, her thoughts were stopped, as another scream reached her. Ragnhild. The woman often screamed late at night. She had explained to Cecilia that the thoughts and feelings that she had about people, these were more attuned, clearer at night, like analogue radio broadcasts without the heated atmosphere to have to pass through. All kinds of visions, Ragnhild had explained and she closed her mind to the screams and thought instead about the witch's last conversation with Cecilia, telling her about the urge she always felt to prepare for the winter, to prepare against it, like an army under siege. Families far north traditionally spent the summer months hoarding food and wood, knitting, sewing, building. Here, where all was provided for staff but for Ragnhild the mentality, the necessity, the physiological state of mind, was there, she had seen her hoarding food, stacking and piling bedding; boarding up her windows, even though all of her needs, were met there at Durmstrang. Her mind drifted from her colleague to the thoughts that she had been pressing deep down inside herself since that afternoon and the idea of Hedgewards had popped up in her brain. Cecilia let go the dammed emotion and the sadness and pining that she was feeling towards Septimus. The best she could hope for was that he wasn't missing her. That he was studying, sleeping, talking to his friends. Hopefully Septimus was putting his trust in the healers at St. Mungo's and not worrying himself unduly about his father. She had told him she would be back at Christmas and now, she told herself boldly, she really didn't care about what Caelius said, did or thought, she would be It was funny. Despite the bitterness and coldness, the strangeness within the castle and its chronic isolation in the tempestuous North Sea thinking about her son, about Christmas and leaving all of this behind her made her feel a little happier. That there had been protests within the school here about sharing research – a more inward-looking, isolated place Cecilia didn't think existed – and to ask of them to share their work was like asking them to open up a vein. Their work was their lifeblood and they guarded it fiercely. Cecilia had, that evening, caught a conversation between the Professor of Magical History and the Professor of Dark Arts Studies concerning their official questioning of the validity of the requests being made. These official queries, which would be sent back to the European Council, would delay what was being asked of them by days if not months while, as one, the wizards of Durmstrang dug and poked at every point. What a brilliant delaying tactic, Cecilia concluded. But she also knew it was unlikely to deter Draco Malfoy. Draco Malfoy. At once, the face that went with the name appeared in the darkness and she thought about the boy she had known at Hogwarts. If she had been in a position to know then what she knew now, her view on the poor lad might have been different, for it was clear to Cecilia now that his circumstances had made for the pompous bully that he had been back then. Back there. But he didn't know her here. So few people did. In fact the only person who probably remembered that she was at Durmstrang now anyway, the only person who truly cared for her feelings as she railed against returning there was Severus Snape. Everyone else, the Reciprocators, Caelius, those staff she had worked with at Hedgewards, Freya…everyone was glad in one way or another, which she was out of the way. And then there was Remus, unconscious, alone… Cecilia screwed up her eyes in the darkness to stop the racking sob that was about to leave her body making a sound. It was her irrelevance here, in this place, which had caused her to write about commonality in the first place, and all the other mistakes made by wizards. Her own bloody-mindedness had been her captor in this prison of a magic-school. Had she been with the headmaster of Hedgewards as the he received the deadly accurate corrections to decades-long work she had sent to him she would have been mildly amused at Severus Snape's expression. And then, to her own surprise, violent sobbing erupted from inside her as her son again impressed himself onto her hypothalamus. "Why can't I be the mum I want to be for you?" Cecilia screamed aloud, though no-one would come to investigate, she knew. "Why can't I be the mum you deserve?" To be there for you, to do what mums do, she continued silently, take you back to Edgeford for a proper life, away from that school. Is it better to be away? Cecilia turned over and punched her pillow, and then the mattress. "I'm too much of a coward to come for you again!" she screamed into the cloth. And she was so close to throwing it all away again, all that work. She was back here again because she had done just that. Time passed. Fight, Cecilia told herself at length, as the racking of her distress had caused her ribcage to ache and her eyes to sting. Know thy enemy and fight. But, said a little voice in her head, what if the enemy was yourself?
Sodium-yellow light marked out the shape of the window in the negative on the ancient woollen rug in the centre of Number 13's living room. James Potter, stared out into the street, past the street lamp and, too, the iron railing that bordered the little park at the centre of Grimmauld Place's housing square. Looking back at the lists in his hands again he resumed his pacing across the rug thinking through the organisation of the evening. An hour ago, Mick Mullen, he'd sent him down to Devoran, in Cornwall to investigate a disturbance by the coast. Could be Conjurists. Could be anti-Conjurists. Could be kids. He sighed, rubbing his temples with his thumb and second finger and screwing up his eyes in an effort to relieve the strain. Could be anyone. He looked at the list again. Everyone allocated. He'd even sent Mrs Figg, to watch the Passing in Whitby. Unlikely to be anything nefarious. But in James's experience – his onerous experience as it was beginning to be – no tip-offs were to be ignored, not since the last meeting of the Reciprocators where a report had gone unattended and three non-wizards were caught up in unpleasantness just outside Oldham, and – – a sudden bang from the vicinity of the staircase caused James to look up sharply. Mick's twin Dave had volunteered to remain with James as all of the rest of the Reciprocators were fully employed. Currently he was busy reinforcing the stairs and the cellar: apparently the weight of paperwork that Aberforth had created – and the Reciprocators had continued to add to - had a compounded structural problem from which the whole terrace of houses in Grimmauld Place had been suffering. While the non wizard residents had taken to expensive repairs, talking loudly with one another in the street about the problem and the cost the Reciprocators had come and gone wordlessly, knowing precisely the cause was their data storage problem. "It just needs a bit of compression," James had heard Dave say as he trod carefully down the worn stair carpet and towards the ever-growing pile of TWITs (Trans-Wizard Immediate Transmissions). And compression he had given it – the parchments on which the Reciprocators had stored their work since the beginning of the Following was indeed overflowing from their storage space under the stairs and he had lingered for a few moments as the younger Mullen twin began in his efforts to reduce their volume. Howls of protest leapt from the parchments and papers especially the older ones which had become somewhat sentient, criticising Dave they remembered when he was tiny and wondered what his parents would think. "That I'm wilful and rebellious, just like Mick," Dave had guffawed as he'd tried another spell. James smiled to himself as a "pop" and "fizz" that had echoed around the ground floor like an aural poltergeist reminded him of that earlier conversation. He folded the TWITs. Nothing more could be done that evening. He was trying his best too; his friends and colleagues were telling him he was doing brilliantly. Perhaps he was, James had thought. He just couldn't see it himself. He was just hanging on, hoping that tonight Snape, or possibly Caelius would be there, relieving him of the burden of leadership. He shook his head as he sloped towards the kitchen, dodging a blue flash that was Dave "having a word" with the early 20th Century documents who were quoting Rabbie Burns's "To A Mouse". "I'll give you 'cow'ring tim'rous beastie!'" James grinned as he pushed open the kitchen door – just in time to avoid a singeing from another blast of blue as Dave tried, "Presium Presiama", a spell that the Ministry used for their information archiving. Pressing down onto a chair James lowered his head, his unasked for position, leaden, unrelenting, bearing down. He closed his eyes. The Reciprocators were not what they had once been. All of them were over worked, waiting as the nights passed, as they contained and defused conflicts between wizards, cojurists, anti-conjurists, non-wizards. They had not seen either of their joint leaders for nearly a month and, not for the first time, James wondered whether it was now up to him, too, to fulfil this too, pro tem. For both Heads of the Reciprocators their absence was entirely understandable. For Snape's part, the student illnesses; for Caelius the ever growing incidences and ferocity of conjurist attacks around the country. But where did that leave them? James had taken to abandoning any plans that had been put in place at the start of September between the three of them and instead taken it upon himself to start again. Taking into account any happenings of the day he had reorganised the shift timetables, given briefings, taken reports and filed them – the rhythmic cracking that continued under the stairs attesting to James's meticulousness in that respect – and what he had promised to do for the Reciprocators, that is, to be its temporary Head for a fortnight, had become a month-long of unrelenting pressure. It wasn't even midnight and Tonks had already returned to Headquarters, exhausted and famished – she'd left shortly after eating two bacon sandwiches, one after the other, to her third call-out of the night and her departure had been shortly followed by the Weasley twins' return, then Bathsheba, all of them suffering from the effects of prolonged, extended shifts. They had all agreed to do this, James reminded himself, and happy to do so. They had agreed to timetable Sirius's time, and to take on additional work. It was a stop-gap, Severus had explained, to support to the Aurors in the ministry as Caelius enacted the Ministry's plans to contain this growing, unprecedented, domestic unrest. The Mullens, he knew, had not been privy to a meeting; both twins expressed their concern at the Reciprocators' prolonged emergency role in their dry, acerbic manner. James opened his eyes again and looked about Grimmauld Place's kitchen, taking in the time from the cuckoo clock Quarter to midnight. Time soon for him to be out, taking one of Lily's shifts. Haverfordwest, in South Wales, had been experiencing some disturbances of late and he had rota'd it into their shifts. Lily would be there shortly after two, having spent the evening trawling through documents for the Ministry and complaining of headaches. Sam was on her mind, he knew; his application for European Ministry scholarship. But, too, Lily had not been the same since the news about Henrietta. None of them had. What they really needed was a meeting to talk about the immediacy of things going on, how long their intense involvement would last. Just, even, for a morale boost – Merlin knew he could do with that. But equally, who was he to question both Severus and Caelius? Both had more than he to manage. As the sparks and Burns poetry continued below James made his way upstairs. Sirius was awake, he knew, the candles burning in the library where his friend taken up residence since his recovery, who moved books from his bed as he spied James in the doorway. Just seeing Sirius Black's face, alert and with it's characteristic mischief and mirth was a kind of comfort to him, rather than the impassive, unconscious state in which he had seen him at St. Mungo's. "How are you?" James pushed open the door of the second second-floor bedroom. The light, glowing from the candle-brackets, glimmered on the cerulean-blue wallpaper in Sirius's bedroom where his friend was recuperating. It seemed like only yesterday they had been boys, lighting candles in the same holders, Grilholm's Under-Age, visible to those under seventeen, perfect for staying up so late into the night that it became early. His friend, lying propped up on the pillows and leafing through an out-dated Prophet, raised his head and frowned. "Well, who are you?" Sirius put down his newspaper, leaned forward, his newly acquired spectacles, a concession to injury, rather than the ravages of age, or so Mr. Black junior would have you believe, and narrowed his eyes. James sighed inwardly. They'd been warned about possible after effects of his ordeal. "Sirius, it's me. James." It had been three weeks since Sirius had left the hospital. He hasn't seemed to have had any problems since he'd been home. "James," James insisted. "Your friend?" But now, amnesia, clearly had taken hold, as incomprehension passed several times over Sirius's features. And then suddenly, his friend threw back his head, laughing loudly, his mirth interspersed with a breathy coughing. James grinned, his earlier weariness evaporating as he sat at the end of Sirius's bed. "Sorry I haven't been up in a few days," he continued as Sirius's chuckling ebbed away. "We seem to have been up against it, recently. "The cat I've seen. Kreacher I've seen. Hell, James, even Mrs Figg made her way up to tell me about her waterlilies. Waterlilies! In October? She lives in a flat! She hasn't even got a pond!" James sighed, smiling at his friend's apparent umbrage. "Imagine how we felt, you inconveniencing us, malingering in hospital, never mind the endless paperwork from Caelius – " he noticed Sirius shift uncomfortably " – anything to skive off and leave us to do all the hard work." Sirius smiled at his friend's ribbing. "How's the other malingerer? I take it there's been no change for Remus?" "'fraid not." James shook his head. "Still sleeping." "And it used to just feel like a bit of a lark, something to do in our spare time," Sirius mused, wincing again as he shuffled up the bed. "Some hobby." "I take it Lily told you about Henrietta?" James glanced down at the article at the bottom of the page, an article now smaller in size and relegated to the corner, the news being now nearly a fortnight old. "And Sam? She said he'd be taking an internship." "To the European Ministry," nodded James. "Not just any old government job for our little Sammy." "Haha! Sammy. I still remember him throwing up all over this very bed when he was a little one." "I fully expect you to remind him of it when he becomes the European President. At his inaugural speech would be favourite. "What does he have to do to pass?" "The usual. He's done the initial exams and thanks to Hermione he spent a month working in Strasbourg. Just his NEWTs, final scholarship exam and voluntary public service to complete." "Voluntary. But it's required to be completed for his application?" Sirius grinned, stifling a cough and reaching for his medication. "I know. I didn't point it out. I don't know who's more nervous, Sam or Lily. But I rather think her current state of mind is to do with Hen.. She's spending a good deal of time with Petunia recently, so I know she's cut up. We all are. She's thinking of taking up the vacant teaching post now Binns has finally taken his leave. To the library," James clarified. "He can't really leave. But he'd been taking longer and longer to get to lessons to teach the students. One day, they all waited for him, packed in tightly and he taught all of them at once." "Not really good enough, especially with the non-wizard students." "And Caelius's requirements for challenging outcomes for each student. Not one of them has been adequately taught unless they all "Exceed Expectations", the non-wizards especially." "One could almost suspect a hidden agenda," Sirius commented. "But of course, Caelius Lupin would never do that." "Severus has more things to think about than just Caelius's political meddling," James's expression was grim. "Draco Malfoy, and I can understand his principles, has imposed an educational openness between the three main educational establishments in Europe." "What?" "Hedgewards's, Durmstrang's and Beauxbatons's teachers are required to collaborate and share research material with one another. Caelius is dead against it, we don't know about Severus. But it's seems to be almost wholly unpopular. Durmstrang's teachers have been sending Owlers to Strasbourg, to "Strongly Protest the Imposition"." "Owlers?" "Their invention. Like howlers, but formal protests that scream their indignations to the President himself whenever they arrive. And they've been arriving to scream at Draco Malfoy day and night since the diktat was imposed." Sirius chuckled. "What's Cecilia got to say about it all? I take it she's Muggle Studies teacher again?" "If she is it's not at Hedgewards," said James, wryly. "Eh? I thought she was on Caelius's good side, and she was coming back from Durmstrang?" "She did. But without Caelius's permission. She walked, can you believe it, halfway across the country to get back to Helvellyn. But he sent her back to Durmstrang." "Harsh. But I can see his point. Better to have someone on the inside with all the "collaborating" it has to do." James was about to say that he'd never thought of it like that when his friend then asked about their other colleague. "No-one's heard about Tabitha," James shook his head. "Or if Caelius had, he's keeping it under wraps." "There's no-one like Caelius for intrigue and good old fashioned dirty politics." He smiled, coughed, then cursed Merlin as he scrabbled around for a chest relieving pill. It was good to have him back, awake, someone to talk to. Sirius would never have forgiven himself for not pulling through, however weak he was at the moment. James was glad to have his friend back in one piece, more or less. "It's going to get better," Sirius conceded. "I can nearly walk. Well, I put my feet on the floor yesterday." "That explains the loud crash we heard," James nodded, "as you fell over." "What's happening, James?" Sirius leaned forward and gripped his forearm, staring at him intently. "I thought we knew our world, I thought we knew our work. To turn up to a house to get them to keep the noise down and for unlicensed half breeds to attack us…" Sirius shook his head. "Makes me realise every day how hard we work, and why we do it. Can you imagine de-regulation, as some are proposing?" James shook his head. "Then there's the bandwagon ones, who just want to create a disturbance. And it's hardly surprising non-wizards are getting tetchy. I mean, with little chance to defend themselves from nefarious attacks, worry for the safety of their children…" "What've Caelius and Severus got to say about things? You can't go on like this. You can't all be working like this forever. Merlin knows I want to be there with you!" he growled, looking away. "And you will, old man, you will. You've just got to get over the last time you helped! But, we've not heard from either of them for nearly a fortnight. The political situation, Caelius. And then there's the Hedgewards situation." "Hedgewards situation?" Sirius looked confused. James began to continue the jest, but this time he realised his friend might really not know. "With the students? The non-wizards?" Sirius continued with uncomprehension. "The non-wizards. You remember Caelius believes in the inclusion of a cross-section of the country into Hedgewards. The government, at any rate, which is basically Caelius," James clarified. Sirius nodded. "Some started to get ill, as usually happens at the start of term. Some wizard-children came down with illnesses too, so Madam Pomfrey didn't think anything of it. But now practically every non-wizard child at the school is in the infirmary, suffering from one illness or another – fatigue, headaches, vomiting. Nothing specific. Poppy's doing her best; she's imposed a magical quarantine where the students are recuperating. Some have seemed to be getting better and when they've returned to lessons, within a few days they're back." "What's Severus's view? And Caelius? A failed experiment? He's going to send them home, surely. " Sirius shook his head. "Poor kids." "Severus thinks they should go home, I believe," James shook his head. "But clearly it's far more complicated than that. Which is why both haven't been here, with organising us." "Yes, Lils said you'd taken it all on." "They have more than enough to deal with," James conceded. "And I've done a few things to make things easier for us all. Joint head of the Reciprocators go hang!" "Such as?" "Sorted the shifts. Tonks took on a triple last week. Our range is getting further, so Mick and Dave have taken on three extra in the week too. Oh, and I've scheduled a meeting for tomorrow so that both Severus and Caelius can come. We need to be more efficient, in our ever-so interesting times." "Listen, I can help!" Sirius suddenly interjected before his friend had a chance to rebuff him, the weight of years melting away as the youthful boy leaned forward, telling his friend about a nefarious scheme in which they could all make their ends. "I can…tell me I can help." "Yes," James nodded at length, smiling at Sirius's boyish enthusiasm. "You can help. Are you able to get downstairs?" "Yes. No. I don't think so. But my magical abilities are unaffected. What do you need?" "You. Just you. Here. Downstairs. To be you. You are a symbol of what we're doing, day in, day out. You just can't imagine what it's been like for us, since before you were both attacked. The rise of the conjurists, stupid wizard kids who we have to pass over to the Aurors on a daily basis. And Bathsheba just this evening has uncovered some evidence that there has been come counter-defence amongst non-wizards. We just need inspiration, that's all." "Then, you'd better hold onto the bedpost." "What?" He watched as Sirius leaned forward, the copy of the day before's Daily Prophet fluttering to the carpet as he withdrew his wand from beneath the sheets. "Now!" James didn't need telling twice. Hugging the oak column with full might, he watched as the scenery of the room trembled with bone-shuddering vibrations. It took him a moment to realise what was going on but, as the scenery of Sirius's bedroom slowly blurred audacity of the spell which his friend had undertaken quickly became apparent He'd apparated them both, and a half a ton of oak in the form of a four poster bed, ten feet downwards into Grimmauld Place's living room. Dave Mullen, wiping his hands much as a mechanic who'd just changed the oil and spark plugs on you car might before charging you two hundred pounds for the privilege ducked out from the cupboard under the stairs with an air of satisfaction at a job well done. "All sorted, James. They won't be bothering us ag – " His eyes widened as he broke off, at the sight of a huge bed, Sirius and James holding on for dear life crystallised into view before his eyes. Before he had a chance to say anything, drily or otherwise however the kitchen door burst open. Tonks, a sheaf of paper in her hands and a frantic look on her face shouted for their temporary leader. "James!" She looked at the bed, ignoring its obvious discrepancy of being in the living room and pulled him up by the hand. "Tonks, wait!" "Come on, James. Look!" She thrust a pamphlet into his hand. James wove his way unsteadily towards the settee, rubbing his head and staring at it, turning it over and then back. "Where did you get this?" "I went to a disturbance down in West Wales. A tiny place called Angle. Some kids were trying to put a spell on them. I tried to catch them, but they ran off. They seemed to be with some non-wizard kids." "What's it say?" "It's the same that has been put out by Conjurists recently, urging action into converting Britain back into a magical land once more. Same as the other ones the Weasleys recovered tonight." "What?" "They've not been back?" Tonks looked frantic. "You...you don't know, do you?" From wildly leaping about as she'd told her story, Tonks sank into the seat next to James. "What? Tonks? What don't we know?" Dave Mullen's voice rang clear and seemed to cut through the witch's panic. "The Weasleys, all of them, went out on their duties tonight. Bathsheba too, Benjamin. Even Arabella Figg. All of them found at the scenes of their disturbances the same pamphlet. It seems to be inciting violence." "Like the ones we've found most nights for months," James said grimly. "Yes, but…yes. You don't understand, do you? These are all the same. Identical. And each scene they were discovered at was on fire. Burning. The buildings were burning. The land was burning. A co-ordinated attack." James inched forward. So far, from what they'd been able to tell, incidences had been few and far between, sporadic. Unrelated. But now… "It's what we've been debating at the Ministry." Dave shook his head, sharing Ministry information, unusually for him as he kept the two spheres of duty separate with cool, professional ease. "It is believed that someone is co-ordinating the wizards who are carrying this out. A leader. Someone with charismatic influence. Before anyone had a chance to say anything more on the matter however, the kitchen door swung on its hinges as an apparating wizard arrived violently in the kitchen. Arthur Weasley strode hurriedly through and into the living room. "You're right, Tonks. They're identical. And I went to another call." He thrust a piece of folded paper in her direction. Nympadora Tonks immediately handed it to James. "Where did you find this?" He looked at the bedraggled, scorched Mr Weasley before him. "Where? Tell me, Arthur." "I checked. Lily is still at Petunia's," he began. "Where?" James insisted. "Godric's Hollow. The whole village was alight. James, I'm sorry. Your house was one of them." 88888888 Septimus couldn't sleep. The outline of the trees formed shadows against the lead-checked windows and, at three in the morning, he was growing bored of seeing them. Most nights he would wake up, unable to fall asleep. Some, it had to be said, were the noises from below, in the common room, older students busying themselves with amusements, quidditch talk, Portable Pensieves' applications, talking, chatting and laughing about so many things. And on the rare occasion, studying. Others, Septimus preferred not to think about. At times when his mind drifted to his mother, he could not lie there and try to think. Instead, he wondered about what she was doing, what she might be occupied with so far away on a miniscule island off the West Coast of Norway; what she might be doing. It then drifted to his father. "Still no change" was the message he regularly received. Sometimes it comforted him, but mostly not. On nights when his parents crossed his mind Septimus chose to sneak out and be away from the school, Dorielle keeping him company and, high above, with the vengeful wind tearing through the air, the chipping and hooting of restless, sleepy and victorious owls (the latter returning with their prey) drowning out the melancholy in his heart. On several occasions he kept his silence in the company of Rufus Lestrange, whose odd presence and arbitrary topics of conversation proved surprisingly consoling. Frequently it was because he knew his friend wasn't there in the dormitory as but instead, lying ill in the infirmary. Julian wasn't far away and, it was true, that he couldn't actually make him better. But as Rufus said, "medicine isn't always a potion." Of course Septimus shouldn't get up tonight. Tomorrow he had a test: Level 1 charms. He never did very well with his wand work when he was tired. It had only been a couple of nights ago when he'd fought tiredness long enough to tackle the occlumency homework because the night before he'd gone to sit with Dorielle. But the thought of Julian being ill, being shut away for so long, so bored, so lonely, made him alert: he'd stay with his friend all night if he had to. No. He mustn't. What trouble would he be in if he was caught? He'd be grounded at the castle. Caelius would find out. No-one would trust him again. Professor Snape might not take him to see his dad. …Septimus turned over and closed his eyes. And then opened them again. Of course he was going to get up to see him. And of course, he knew he was breaking the rules. Why were all these children ill? It was a question that Septimus had asked himself several times since Julian had been sent to Madam Pomfrey's care – he wasn't the only one – and a question he was increasingly concerned about. What if he never got better? And what was causing him, and the other students to be ill? According to Darren, there hadn't been any kind of illnesses at Hedgewards for years, not since the Black Death in the fourteenth century, but that was so long ago it didn't really count. It was a chilly. Frost was spreading across the windows and Septimus pulled on his dressing gown over yesterday's clothes before stealing down to the common room and through the passageway. And then, a noise behind him made him stop. Septimus knew he shouldn't leave the common room and perhaps he had done so too many times before. Maybe some of the teachers had noticed and were waiting to catch him: the chances were high; he had turned wandering around the castle at night into an almost commonplace activity. He turned slowly. "Thought you'd go to Jules without me, did you?" "Daz!" Septimus's exclamation echoed down the outer corridor. "Shush! Someone will hear you!" Darren hurried closer and strode past Septimus. "Come on, else we'll be caught." As usual, the infirmary was dark, the outer door unlocked in case of emergencies. Pushing it ajar Septimus wondered how many other students had crept through the interface between the school's realm and that of Madam Pomfrey, searching for friends and loved ones, worried for their health, impatient for their recuperation to be over. As usual, Julian Scott was asleep. In the long mirror opposite the bed they could see their friend's hunched figure, curled up, his body moving up and down as he slept. Septimus was just about to go around the corner and search for a couple of chairs for them both, so they could wait for their friend's wakening when Darren pulled him back. "Stop! Look!" Next to the bed, knees tucked under encircled arms and hands clasping a book, the figure of a girl. In the darklight, Septimus could just about work out who it was. "What's she doing?" "Reading." "I can see that," hissed back Septimus. "But what? And why is Ariella Blewitt here at this time of night?" "Same reason as us, I s'pose," replied Darren, indifferently. "Look, he'll be awake soon, we can have a chat to him. I've brought him the latest quidditch magazine. I know you've got him something from Honeydukes'. Septimus nodded. He peered back at Ariella. But why was she here? She could read her book in the common room. At the sound of the boys approaching, Ariella started, freezing momentarily, before scuttling to hide away the book, and wiping tears from her eyes before getting to her feet. "Ariella! Wait!" Septimus was about to ask her what she was doing, but the girl had taken to her heels and was away. Just then, there was a murmur from the bed. Darren found another chair and sat on it, ignoring Septimus's unspoken questions about the presence of the girl and instead pulled the rolled out magazine from out of his jacket. It took a few moments for Julian to get himself sitting upright, but when he had, he grinned at his friends. "McGonagall not grounded you yet, then?" "Not found us out," said Septimus, shrugging. "Besides, when do we get to see you? We're working all day and there's homework all night." Darren nodded. "And quidditch, of course," Septimus added. "Always quidditch." "I think they're going to send us home." Julian's voice was low and rough and he tried to hold back a cough. "I heard Snape talking to Madam Pomfrey. Too many students, non-wizard students, are ill. It's too much of a coincidence." Darren nodded. "Do you know that there was someone here before we got here?" Septimus nodded towards the door. "She ran off." "She?" Julian stretched, yawned and rubbed his eyes. "Oh, you mean Ariella?" "Yes. Ariella." Septimus sounded the words carefully. "She came to talk to me, she said. Only she didn't say much. I think she was trying to apologise for what her brother called me." Darren and Septimus exchanged looks. "What did he call you, Jules?" Julian looked between them. "Misborn." "You WHAT?!" Darren roared the word, and this time it was Septimus who shushed him into silence. "What?!" Darren hissed fiercly. "How dare he send you threats!" "Don't…don't do anything," Julian responded. "It'll only make things worse. Especially if we're going anyway." It was the second time Julian had mentioned this and this time Septimus felt the weight of it. His heart tightened and he felt a pang of sadness. So much he had wanted his best friend to come with him to high school, and now, here he was, ill with something or other, and probably due to go back home in any case. It'd just delayed him getting to a non-wizard school. Not for the first time Septimus had wondered whether he had been selfish. "Not to worry," said Julian, as if reading Septimus's mind. "If I can't come back, I've had a brilliant time here. Nothing like it in the world. So few non-wizards see inside this place, I bet. And anyway, we're not gone yet. I could be up and about tomorrow singing "Alleluia!" The look on his face, pale and pasty from prolonged illness told Septimus he didn't really believe it could happen. "I'm just so tired of feeling like this, like I'll never be better, " Julian added, a sombre edge to his voice. "I just can't remember how being well feels." "It dead boring, without you in lessons with us," said Darren. "Without you, how are we ever going to survive Rufus Lestrange?" Septimus grinned. "How are we ever going to get through boring old "History of Magic?" "You could try this." Julian leaned over and tried to pick up a large volumed book in his hands but, fumbling, it tumbled back onto the floor. "Bugger!" He shook his head. "Art of the Wize," read Darren, picking it up. "Art of the Wize?" "Dunno. It just sounded like a whole load of kids stories," said Julian as Septimus craned his neck to see. In an engraved picture a girl sat, knees folded in on the floor next to a fire, in a pose not dissimilar to Ariella. Above was the word, "Grimelda". "Grimelda?" Julian shrugged. "Ariella left it. I think it was by accident. Some of the stories are interesting, though. The one about the carnivorous plants growing by the lakes that wafted when people came near, hypnotising them to come closer before strangling and drowning them. Creepy." "Art of the Wize?" Septimus closed his eyes, imagining the story of "Grimelda." It was just a kids' story in "Mysterious Mythology", an allegory of some lesson to be learned. In Grimelda's case, make sure you wear tight fitting shoes and buy a watch before going off to a ball in a pumpkin carriage. "Just stories," said Julian. "Not the most thrilling thing in here, but I'm just so bored. That's when I'm not coughing my guts up or too tired to keep my eyes open." "Here you are, mate," said Septimus, quickly realising he had some sweets in his pocket for Julian. "I asked for your favourite. Mr. Honeyduke himself had to find the jar. I don't think he sells many non-wizard sweets." "Rhubarb and custard!" Julian's eyes lit up as he eyed the contents of the white paper bag. "Thanks, mate!" He slipped one into his mouth, coughed, leaned forward trying not to choke on the boiled sweet, before leaning back on his pillows and offering the packet to Septimus and Darren. "Not if they do that to you, Jules," laughed Darren, before taking one anyway, and Septimus took one too. Then he frowned. "What's on your arm?" Septimus stared at Julian's forearm as his pyjama sleeve pulled upwards. Julian glanced down at the capital "C" enclosed in a circle clearly emblazoned on his skin. "Wow! A tattoo?" Darren peered closer, before looking back at Julian, the conjurist's symbol clearly visible. "No, it's just pen. Look." Julian withdrew his arm and spat on it, rubbing at one side, which immediately faded as he rubbed at it. "But…it's the conjurist's sign, Julian," said Septimus slowly. "The ones who want to kill all the non-wizards…" "Is it?" Julian frowned. "Oh yes. Ariella did say you should put a line through it. Ha!" Julian grinned, then sank back, closing his eyes. "Look," Septimus leaned forward towards his friend. "you've got to tell your mum. Would you like me to write to her? I'll ask Uncle Kay if I can go back home too, keep you company. I could – " He broke off as he noticed a figure lingering in the shadows. Ariella lingered a little longer but then approached. Septimus and Darren exchanged looks. "Hi," croaked Julian, as he noticed her by the bed. "Hi," echoed Septimus and Darren. Weird, thought Septimus. One minute she's waiting by his bedside, hares off when she sees us then comes back. "Look, I have to tell you something." Ariella, her dark eyes large with urgency. "Are you alone?" Both boys nod. "I've already told Julian, when I came to tell him sorry 'bout Fraser." She glanced momentarily at Darren. "Merlin knows I can't stand him; and I've got to tell someone – " she dropped her voice, " – but, I can trust you, right? You're Julian's friends?" "Yes, Ariella," said Septimus softly. "You can trust us." "It's important you don't tell anyone. Not even your uncle," said Ariella, her eyes still insistent. Septimus nodded. "I don't know what; Fraser and Dad are too careful to let me in on it. But I heard them talking by PP." "What about?" "I don't know for sure. But it's big. Big, and it'll happen at Halloween." "Their Dad's almost for certain a conjurist." Julian filled in the gap. "And Frazer too," said Ariella. "Wow." Septimus and Darren looked at one another again. That figured. But why, thought Septimus to himself, was Ariella telling them? "Mum is trying to do something…" "Your Mum?" Darren frowned, confused. "But your brother, your dad…" "Yes I know." Ariella sank to the chair next to Julian's bed. Their friend looked at her sympathetically. "That's why Fraser's been ordered to keep his eye on me." "He pushed you over the edge at the Quidditch match?" Darren added narrative to the image in Septimus's mind. "No. It was a busy arena. I was trying to get across to Devon; her mum's in the Ministry. To see if she would help us. Fraser got too close, though. If ever Dad finds out what mum's trying to do…" Ariella shook her head, looking at her knees. "Dad's a conjurist; he believes that the magical should be magical alone, and separate from non magical. He hates your uncle, Septimus," she added, looking across at him. And there it was. A rebel in the family. He looked at the tiny-framed girl and for the first time Septimus realised how much he'd never guessed about her. How clever she had to hide it all behind a meek and quivering demeanour, making out she was a little mouse, a victim. "But…they're married? Your mum and dad?" Ariella nodded. "They seem so happy together. It's as if they keep this one difference between them away from everyone at home. Mum believes we should all live happily together, despite the differences. "Wow," said Darren, for the second time that night, and then he turned to Septimus. "Hey, it's a bit like, you know, my brother and your sister going out," said Darren, referring to Dudley and Freya. Septimus nodded. An odd arrangement; his wildchild adopted sibling and Darren's straight-laced older brother. They'd said as much in the past when they'd joked together and Septimus now wondered whether they, him, his mum and Freya, even Dad when he got better, could find somewhere to live and take a leaf out of the Blewitts' book. "I wanted to see how many people would support her, well us actually." "Support you?" "Ariella and her mum have set up a group." Julian's voice was dry and throaty, as if his airway was blocking up and he was finding it difficult to talk. "There's just you and her?" asked Septimus. "Yes, but mum thinks more people think like we do, and she wants to find them." "Sounds like the best reason to be creeping around Hedgewards at night," said Darren, archly. "We're with you," said Julian quickly, a lightness passing over his features. "We are?" said Septimus. "Ok, good," said Ariella, her face bright with enthusiasm. "What I need is just to find out who I can talk to about it. See how many people want to join us." "How many people have you asked?" asked Darren, "apart from Julian, I mean?" Ariella smiled. "Two." 88888888 "What would you do for the internship?" In the blackness deep beneath the school one talked to another. Not for the first time these had met. "What would you do?" There was a long pause. Feet shuffled. A head shifted in the darkness. "Anything. I'd do anything."
"I want to thank you James, most sincerely, for the tireless work you have done in keeping your presence around the country these last few weeks. Your effort, and yours - " Caelius Lupin looked momentarily at each reciprocator, packed into Grimmauld Place's living room: settees, chairs, floor, Sirius's bed in turn. That the Weasley twins were in there with the owner of HQ Caelius chose to ovelook. "We, the Ministry, could not have done all that we needed without you and it is because of your efforts the threat of extremism has been abated." The wizards were tired. Not now the have-a-go spirited forthrightness that had been their nature even up to a fewmonths before – the wizards now, having been attacked so relentlessly and so close to home, their credibility called into action and the intensity and magnitude of the elusive threat that they faced had been the cause of the dispirited, low spirits. James especially was faring poorly. Caelius knew that the sheer time he himself had been absent and Severus too, had caused a great deal of strain on the wizard; not that he was likely to admit it. The latest, their homelessness at the hands of conjurists in Godric's Hollow adding to his many burdens. Lily's work had also kept her from assisting her husband' James had remarked about Caelius keeping Lily all hours and joked at their time spent on pursuing the interpretation of Auld Magic historically, but the humour was hollow and it had meant nothing. In fact Caelius could name everyone there that night as someone who was doing above and beyond as reciprocators, as employees and name at least half who had been directly affected as a result of conjurist actions. And now? Now they were all looking at Caelius expectantly, as if he was going to wave his magic wand, in a manner of speaking, and cause their problems to disappear. Thet were looking at him with hope, begging him silently to bring respite. A few pages of the Underage Wizards and Magic" Bill along with the now-law "Organised Meetings in Public Places" crackled in hands as the Minister for Magic and Caelius inhaled. James Potter watched him carefully. The summons to meet had been sudden. All had received an Owl informing them that they were required along with the aforementioned parchments. At last, James though to himself. Caelius has decided to act, to act fast and to act officially. Several bills had been put to the ministry Aurors regarding the threat to public safety, national security in conjunction with the non-wizard prime minister and a public information leaflet sent to every household in Britain. "We are at an impasse, my good friends." Caelius looked around at the group amongst them. Not seasoned warriors these – the people joining the reciprocators had been as they had always been, collaborators who shared information for the common good. Peacekeepers. What they were doing now was a strain, a strain which neither he nor Severus Snape could say would end. "We knew that Gellrert Gindelwald and Albus Dumbledore have been proactive in their approach so as to force the idea of strengthening what they call the wizard ideal, that is strength in wizard powers. They have, or the ministry suspect they have, provoked and stirred up hatred in wizards to match. We don't know what form any future attacks or gains in their path to power they will take, or even how they are accomplishing this complicated and sophisticated magic." At this, his eye caught that of Lily Potter, "but, my friends, we must be ready." James sighed. Nothing had been salvageable at their home in Godric's Hollow, nothing. Lily had been beside herself and it had taken a lot of persuading from him and many of their friends that despite it all, everything there were material possessions that had been destroyed and not a person, who may have been there. Not her, or himself, or indeed Harry or Sam. "And we must take heart. What we are doing is for the good of us all. We know we must fight these extreme views and cotinuing as we always do will." "But fo how long, Caelius?" Arabella Figg, her voice strong as she clapped her hands on the shoulders of Benjamin Wergs and Bathsheba Braddle. "We are doing what we can, what we must for the good of humanity, but we can't continue to do this forever." Caelius nodded, paced a little in her direction, before turning. "We, with our good friend Lily Potter, and a good many other specialist witches and wizards, are working on several threads which should limit the dangers that you face every day and night. We are close to being able to limit their lines of communication; their call to arms, so to speak. But there are complications. The threat of conjurism is not merely limited to our country. In conjuction with the non-wizard government, who have given me autonomy in this regard, have pledged all they can do, but again, their power is limited. Practically, I have tabled these bills," Caelius held them forward and they glided out of his hands before holging themselves at head-height as if suspended from the ceiling. "Emergency powers have allowed the first, 'Organised Meetings in Public Places' to be passed several days ago. It makes illegal the discussion of extremism, planning and preparing for acts of violence or terrorism towards people, both wizard or non-wizard in groups, a group being defined as an assemblage of people whose number exceeds 3 - " Caelius raised his spectacles as he read the summary from the still-vertical Act, "and the presence of a person if the above take place is also deemed illegal whether he has been involved or not, by not disclosing this to the correct authority. Further, knowledge of such meetings and non-disclosure are also illegal." He glanced around at the wizards; though none appeared to have been visibly comforted by the news Caelius knew that they would feel a little more secure. "In addition, involving, giving knowledge, allowing the presence of or inciting a wizard not yet Of Age in aforementioned illegality is covered in the 'Protection of Underage Wizards in Magic' Bill which will be in its final hearing in the Ministry before the Wizengamot this morning before ratification with the Non-Wizard government. This includes, practically, the streaming block applied by Severus Snape at Hedgewards. We believe, although we are not certain, that the Portable Pensieves have been, are or may be used to transmit conjurist propaganda, even extending to recruitment or radicalisation of our young people. We have a duty to protect them, therefore, despite the inconvnience that this may bring." Indeed, though James, wryly. Practically every parent of a Hedgewards student would be using the pensieves to communicate with their child. Once they realised they could no longer do this and, heralded by the Daily Prophet, a protest, voiciferous and outraged, had been set up, with many wizard signatories. He sighed. All this to protect the non-wizards and look at how we are now. Well, he thought, as Caelius stowed the legal writs, a week to go to Halloween. Sirius, who had been thinking the same thing, had shot him a grin. They were having their party at Grimmauld Place regardless. It was what they needed and, more importantly, something that Sirius could make himself useful with as he continued to recuperate. "Tell me, Caelius," Tonks stood up, her hair grey and limp, "what of Cecilia? She is back in Durmstrang, we know this. Is it doing any good?" A murmur arose slightly, before petering out. "Cecilia is exaclty where we need her to be. The Durmstrang staff have railed at the European regulations that they must share their communication with other researchers and academics. Given that the best minds study and work there; that work connected to Auld Magic has originated from there and that we suspect the connection to Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore far deeper than it has been thought. Both, the school would have us believe, severed ties long ago, but we have reason to believe they are linked more strongly than this. "Well," continued Tonks, folding her arms as the noise level arose again, "if I were her I would be here if I could, with my son and step-daughter. She couldn't just work there on a daily basis? Travel by floo? I mean, what exactly does she do there? She's not here as we risk our lives!" "Hear, hear," shouted Sirius, applauding his cousin. One or two others began to clap and nod in agreememnt. "Conjuism." Mick Mullen was on his feet. The single word hung in the centre of the group as soon and, as soon as he had said it the assembled wizards' chatter ebbed to nothing. "It has come to our attention that Durmstrang wish for a Head Wizard to be present in their castle to maintain their standards. To act as advocate on their behalf; to promote their purist values." "What of the school children?" asked Bathsheba. "Will their lessons be affected?" "Their lessons will not alter; this is the idea. They fear the sidelining of their ideals by European legislation. They feel that their ethos is being undermined and they want it to remain, unalloyed. They are reluctant to collaborate because they fear their methods are being subject to scrutiny. A headteacher present at the school at all times is some measure of defence." "Does Cecilia know this?" Arthur Weasley's brow creased, the strain of the past few days making itself known. "She will. She contributes much to the school and we have no reason to suspect her covert operations have been compromised. We suspect a conjurist with ties to Gellert Grindelwald will be appointed. Her position is unique; she is teaching science-related magic which the Durmstrang children need in order to pass their final examinations that will lead them to European Ministry offices." Caelius paused, his message beginning to sink in before moving swiftly on. "Your collective endeavour over the past days and nights has not gone un-noticed." Worn faces counting minutes to rest or nourishment were waiting in anticipation. Exhausted hands curled around quills. Yet they still trust, a thought in the back of Caelius's mind pressed on him. "Our agents within the Auror team, headed by Mick Mullen - " Caelius gestured towards him and at this Mick gave a cheery wave, "have pinpointed the reason for increased conjurist activity. Mick?" Caelius looked at the head of Magical Education and the wizard stepped forward, withdrawing his wand and flicking it towards windows, whose curtains instantly closed and his face shifted fom easy chaismatic charm to grave seriousness. The seconds-younger Mullen twin coughed for mock-dramatic effect and a some of the reciprocators giggled a little, the serious edge of the meeting having been chipped off a little. "At first we believed the incidents of conjurism to be isolated, as have previously established; people pushing boundaries, being prosecuted and the case appeaing in the Prophet; others getting ideas of righteousness and entitlement to practise Auld Magic and therefore, ironically, setting a retrospective course for the progress of magic, and so on. However it was soon was established that the conjurists in Britain had been operating with a leader from out o f the country. To further complicate matters, there have been random copy-cat incidents. We hav been coming down hard on all conjurism no matter how it arises and this has caused unpopularity amongst some who believe imprisonment to be harsh penalty when their son or daughter was having, "a bit of a laugh". Mick paused, sipping from his coffee mug. "Yes, I'm laughing," muttered Sirius darkly. It gets complicated still as we have established that a counter-organisation has been established, for wizards and non-wizards alike. Underground and subversive as as the group it claims to oppose, but entirely without violence." He held up a sheet of parchment. "They are also using similar tactics to conjurists to get across their messages. Timed meting paper - " using his wand Mick revealed names and adgenda items and a note at the bottom -" he pointed his wand towards a hastily-scribbled sentence, "to duplicate this by hand for the non-wizards." "So," concluded Caelius as Mick sat down, "not only now do we have two extremist groups at least one of them is, if not controlled by Grindelwald and/or Dumbledore then they must have a link. James?" James Potter lowered his hand. "This seems to connect to what I captured visually this evening from the scene of a conjurist attack this evening." He projected it towards the audience. At first, there seemed little notice; town traffic, cars, a bus. Some of the reciprocators, out of restlessness or anxiousness shifted in their seats waiting for the point to hurry up and be made obvious. A woman began crossing the road at a zebra crossing. Traffic had stopped for her. As she was nearly all the way across from one of the vehicles a tall man steps out, points his wand at her and looks as if he is about to cast a spell. The woman turns and she appears to recognise him and moves her lips. The man lifts the wand and turns it on himself, disapparating. "Forgive me," Bathsheba Braddle looked wearily between James and Caelius. "I've done nearly 48 hours and when I get home I'm hoping to sleep for about the same amount of time. Please could you put the pieces together because I really can't right at this moment." "Certainly, 'Sheba." Mick stood up once more, winking at the witch. "Do you intend to go to bed alone? Eh, just kidding," he added, as his cheeky comment was greeted with groans and, "get on with it"s. "We identified the wizard to be one Sampson Doyle, a relation to the Blewitts. He's been arrested in the past for petty affray and minor conjurism offences. Nothing to pin him down to what we suspect to be the "big stuff" that the Blewitts are. However, from the image James captured, infiltrated from the town's CCTV, we have worked out who he was, and the identity of the woman he appeared to be attacking. The spell-signature we could work out from the image and it was interpreted to be the Cruciatus curse." A sharp collective intake of breath followed – it was becoming common for conjurists to up the ante in their attacks. Arson, yes; petificus totalus: commonly. But it was very unusual for the torture curse to be attempted in public. "And the woman?" Molly Weasley's dry voice gave life to the thoughts of many. "Mrs Ann Blewitt, the wife of Mr Blewitt, to whose house you attended, Sirius." Caelius looked over to the wizard, who said nothing. "So, he stopped attacking her because she is the wife of a known conjurist? A conjurist herself?" "Perhaps," continued Caelius. "However...James?" "Yes," nodded Mr. Potter. "That would seem logical. But the eyewitness that I spoke to said that she was heading for the heath just beyond Blackbury town. When I got there I expected to find a conjurist meeting in progress, with luck, or some evidence of it. However, I just found a pamphlet." Out of his robes James pulled a ragged paper: dog-eared and weather-mottled. "NEWERS?" "Fight for the rights of all?" "Together we stand – magic and non-magic – all humans under one sun?" "It had to happen – oh, this is marvellous!" Arabella Figg, her elderly features which were normally cast solid in detemined idisyncrasy, erupted in rejuvenated joy as she spoke. "We are not alone – no!" She got to her feet and strode around the living room of 12, Grimmauld Place, shaking hands and hugging the reciprocators in turn. "A great day, a great day indeed. We are not alone, Caelius," she added, grabbing the wizard's hand as she stood by him. "We have found the evidence NEWERS, or Non-Wizard Resistance group before," continued James. "Lily sent information gathered from Ministry archives. They are a long-standing peaceful group, comprising of influential wizards and non-wizards alike who push for peaceful solutions to conflicts within their respective communities. Clearly there has been a need for this of late - " " - indeed, indeed!" interrupted Mrs Figg again, her smile beaming light-house-like around them all again. "So, does that mean then, that while Mr Blewitt is a conjurist, Mrs Blewitt is a...Newer?" "It would seem so. And instead of being cursed by her relative," continued James, "he had unwittingly allowed her to continue to a meeting of people entirely opposed to his own beliefs." "Ha! The irony!" Sirius, from his bed, leaned forward and looked at James. His friend seemed to be getting better by the day, and this was heartening. He wished that could be said of Remus. "So, what is to be done about these Newers, then? Are they to be left to go about their business?" "Indeed, Benjamin," Caelius looked at Benjamin Braddle, whose strain-worn features told little of what he had put into these last few days of relentless work. "For they are fighting the extremist view, that of conjurism. They will be effective, on the many; tow several wrong-deed-doers into line. But my main concern, my main reason for being here and my absence for several weeks has been because of what I have uncovered will come to pass." Caelius took the centre of the floor again, and gestured for quiet. Arabella, who had ceased congratulating everyone sat on the edge of Sirius's bed, leaning forward, wrapt as a zealot. "On Halloween there will be a country-wide attack from conjurists, simultaneously, and without warning. I am unsure of intended targets, but we must assume non-wizards. We can guess Auld Magic will be involved. We expected all of this. But it is part of a larger plan, of which I cannot be certain. Perhaps something Europe-wide. I am sure you can understand then when I tell you that your work has never been more vital – none of ours has. From the students at Hedgewards and their place; our own children and relations working in jobs around the country and abroad; Cecilia Lupin indeed, hating me with all the venom she can muster but remaining as she does within its cold, lonely walls. From you all doing what you do night after night, day after day." "Each one of you are playing your part; it's just one bit of a large puzzle of which I am also a part. That the intended day is Halloween is significant – as well as being an important festival to us as wizards, and non-wizards who dress up of course, they could attack in a co-ordinated manner at any time- why choose then? What physical significance does this have? "Until I have answers, good witches and wizards that you are, you need to continue to do what you are doing; reciprocate help and informarrtion as you have been doing and make it clear in your minds that, even a minute detail when you next deal with an instrument jus might be the key to unlocking that particular door. "Witches and wizards," Caelius bowed to them and James inhaled briefly. Here it comes, he thought, what I agreed to prior to this meeting, "James Potter has agreed to co-ordinate the day-to-day organisation of the reciprocators. He is more than capable" Don't look over, thought James to himself, telling himself not to raise his had and make eye contact with Lily, whose stare he could feel penetrating the side of his skull as the reciprocators applauded.
It was growing lighter. An altogether different conversation was occurring between the joint heads of the reciprocators. It was also getting late. Snape's duty around the school premisis was to begin and here he was still in a meeting with Caelius Lupin. Urgent, yes. Snape would agree urgent. But enough to hold his interest without the necessities of the functioning school intruding on the telling. "And this is where the meeting was left?" Snape arose from his desk, moving towards the pictures of his predecessessors, their frames empty or displaying, "do not disturb" signs in gothic script. "Indeed. We have some very special people who are willing to help give up their time to our cause." Caelius paced towards Snape who himself was paused in his duty-route, checking security and for dormitory absconders. "It is a travesty, were we to enact the latest from Strasbourg. From the European Ministry." "Indeed yes. I feel their raionale is misguided. To aim to obliterate the past by focusing on a progressive curriculum would - " "Yes, yes indeed," snapped Caelius impatiently. "Let them ban pensieves - it is the combined Joint Government policy as it is. Let them try to ban Auld Magic – this is my concern, Septimus. How can they even attempt it when every part of every magical being has a connection to it? It's like tying to ban continental drift! Fog! Sunlight! We as the government have tried to remain as compliant as we can. Our legislation is worded such as it means that which may engender wizardly extremism - " " - conjurism," qualified Snape, his face impassive in contrast to Caelius's simmering disquiet. " - yes indeed, conjurism." Caelius stepped towards Snape, his sculpted features impassive and Severus knew that the wizard was regaining his composure. "What of the children? Your message mentioned the children's illnesses?" "Indeed. Your opinion of Neville Longbottom may be low - " Snape eyed Caelius carefully, the reference to the member of staff – the only member of staff - to which Caelius had issued an enhanced support programme upon appointment, " - however it was reference to a pair of herbology phenomena that had given me the idea. "If we accept that magic is transmitted in a wave format, at such close quarters for a prolonged time, you would agree I expect that the students have been substantially exposed. "Indeed, indeed," nodded Caelius. "We know this to be the case. We are to assume the childen will sicken further and die?" It was true. This was the prognosis for non-wizards; the consensus; a basic tenent of Auld Magic. Non-wizards bcame ill in prolonged contact with wizards, hence separate but parallel cultures developing. "Not in this case. I asked Poppy Pomfrey to collect information about those ill. All students – all non-wizards - became ill between the second and third weeks of term. Almost all remain in the infirmary. "Almost all? "Two of the non-wizards students have returned to their lessons. They appear to have overcome their symptoms. In addition, and I add this with a strict caveat Caleius," Snape stepped towards his colleague, "they appear to have a measurre of magic." Silence. Snape pressed his lips together lest he ruined the moment. Concepts and conclusions were developing in the air between the two wizards. "Who?" "John Tallick and Adam Owen. John a first year; Adam a second year." "And they have not suffered a relapse?" "Not that we can tell." Snape shifted between feet, wondeing whether he should make his excuses while he continued with his morning duty round. "Are we to assume then tha those who are still under Madam Pomfrey's care will not make a recovery?" "We cannot be sure. Many are very ill. Parents, or at least those who have been informed by their children in addition to our notification under school policy, are aware of their conditions. The limiting of the use of pensieves has limited communication by many, of course. The students seem to be suffering viruses. There is no pattern to their illnesses; many suffer from colds and flu; its as if their immune systems have been damaged in some way and they are unable to recover, not even with non-wizard medication; antibiotics; antivirals." "And how does Longbottom fit into this?" "Pond algae. Pea plants. He has purported from his research into the growth of these plants that if they grow in proximity of magical specimens it changes them; alters their phenotype genetically so that their outward characteistics benefit evolutionary. Pricklier. Tough as steel on the mouths of small mammals, and so on." "That sounds like a benefit," mused Caelius. "It would appear so. Neville Longbottom is nothing if not thorough and given that he is an expert in species that take time to yield results this is no bad thing." Silence. It was the least that the young professor deserved, whose genius took time and a little searching was required. "Longbottom has documented a drawback to this apparent magical advantage, a factor he has pointed out in his summary to his Beauxbatons counterpart," Snape added pointedly. "The lifespan of these plants is significantly accelerated. Normally the sativum would prosper for 8 to 10 weeks, enough time to mature and grow pods; to "And under the influence of magical plants?" "Eight days. Even of they are removed from a magical environment. Reducing the life of the plants to roughly one seventh of what might be expected." "Tallick and Owen?" Snape could see Caelius's mind calculating the reduction in lifespan of the young people who were currently - and had been – ill. "We are monitoring them closely; they don't appear to have any adverse affects. That is to say, they can't do a lot of magic but enough to be noticeable. Owen managed to levitate a leaf using Jones's wand, for example. We can only know for sure if he had been more successful if he went to a wandmaker and had a wand choose him. Would the influence of being at Hedgewards have enough of an effect for him to have acquired magical ability that could be developed? Or is it a side effect from illness, such as chicken pox scars? I don't intend to find out, Caelius." "Indeed. You have already expressed your position that the non-wizards, whether ill or not, should leave the school and return home." "Your ambition was noble, Caelius. It was bold, and daring." Snape's glance shifted to the wizards in the pictures. Several of them were, in the dim dawnlight, preparing themselves for a day in an advisory capacity and had begun their morning ablutions. "However it is immoral to allow the children to remain if they are to have, if the plant results are scaleable, eight, nine, ten years left to live? They should go home." "Agreed," Caelius nodded. "We will begin as soon as practicable. Now, we have other points to discuss and a lot of work to do back at the Ministry. Let's make this prompt, Severus?" Indeed! Snape exhaled heavily through his nose and took a seat behind his desk. Typical. You wait weeks to speak to him and then he arrives just as you're about to begin the day. "There seems to be an undercurrent of conjurist attitude which is penetrating through as we expected. We are as a body of staff, challenging these attiudes and punishing wongdoers – objectively and in line with school policy. We have addressed each year of students in assemblies to talk to them about such things as the work of wizard and non-wizard collaboration, such as the reciprocators. It is interesting to note that, because the non-wizards have attended mixed schools, wizards on the whole have not and they are less tolerant, as a result. No other concerns. Reciprocators?" "Apart from what I have told you. As for ministry work, Tabitha is still Beyond. Lily presented her research about Auld Magic at the meeting and the links into British culture. All research points to a divergance of each group, perhaps as a result of what you describe in the non-magical plants – perhaps naturally? They realise that living within mixed communities significantly reduces their lifespan, hence they settle away from wizards? And then, of course, they had kept each other at arm's length, a good start to mistrust and suspicion which developed. I will feed this back to the ministry and we can inform policy." "James?" "He is well organised – they all are. They are doing all they can. But we have to face facts Severus, we are short staffed. We need to contain the problem with non-wizard children in our care, and and at the same time counter the threat of conjurism." "That is your concern Caelius," said Snape, getting to his feet. "You should have enough evidence in- " - our problem, all our problem is, Severus, that we do not know how many conjurists exist in the country. The attacks are sporadic. There are at least two types of conjurists; the more dangerous, organised ones like those who allowed the werewolves and vampires into their homes, who allowed them to attack Remus and Sirius. And then the troublemakers, out for a laugh and a lark." "Indeed, a great undertaking." "We have a good deal of evidence the mysteriour Vincento was the culprit behind my office break in. On the face of it, that is. Nothing taken, and yet..." he shot a look at Snape. "Do you trust Tabitha in her task, Severus?" "Implicitly." As do you. You realise that the break-ins were a diversion. You know Vincento is a double agent for the conjurist leaders in Europe. "Can the same be said of Cecilia?" "I would implicitly trust Cecilia," replied Snape. "She has shown fortitude and courage. She suffers and yet continues to do so for the cause of good and right." "You speak of Septimus, of course." "Indeed. It is obvious the deep love and affection she has for the boy and the cruel choice between exile from him and imprisonment, which is of course, another form of exile. She knows she is in a position where she can help. She has hope of seeing her son again while she works at Durmstrang." "And Septimus?" "Is settled. Like any other Hedgewards student. Works hard, ihas made friends. Is pushing the rules a little, however his circumstances are unusual, with his father incapacitated and his mother absent." "No concerns about - " "None. A little under the weather was the worst of note. Not enough to confirm our suspicions, because genetically it is unpoveable." This last sentence hung in the air between them noticeably. Then Snape spoke once more. "It is widely known Cecilia came from behind the veil; those in the ministry know more than the general public. Lucius Malfoy and I the most, having been there. But, were it not for this uprising anything that had ever been written by Cecilia Lupin about fantasy worlds where mighty wizards overran a school similar to this would have faded to obscurity. As it is, there is no public consciousness connecting conjurism with "The Story that Never Was". "Then there no more mention of it is needed. Nothing can be gleaned by the public; the conjurists cannot use it in any way. It is and remains a story." "That is indeed what you'd think." Caelius's voice dropped a little, and he turned his back on the now-alert headteachers, each craning to hear what the head of the Ministry was about to say to the present incumbent. "I need to tell you Severus, about the inormation imparted to me. Aberforth Dumbledore. For years he could see the seeds of the uprising that we have today. He hypothesised the effects on the continent as a whole by those who we suspect now to be behind the organisation of conjurists." "His brother, and Gellert Grindelwald." "Indeed," Caelius stepped closer, his worn features wearing a cloud of uncharacteristic uncertainty. "But more than that. Aberforth believed that they were beginning to collect together intransmutable objects. I understand you are familiar with the term?" "Naturally I have," replied Snape overlooking Caelius Lupin's patronising overtones. "They a supposed to be connected to other dimensions." "Correct, And now we have a physical one who has been causing havoc being in Durmsrang. Oh yes, of couse originally I intended Mrs Lupin to remain at the school to collect information. But since it was the intransuable objects which were stolen from the office, by Vincento, to whose door those latter wizards are connected, there is more evidence here than can be explained by coincidence, of this I am convinced, Severus." "And therefore security? You want to catch and convict Vincento?" "Maybe. But I belive he is more valuable to us alive and free from suspicion of detection. Bait." "Then his connection to all of this is pivotal," concluded Snape, sitting back down at his desk. "A Mysteriour like Tabitha, he has more than likely stolen the instransmustable objects from your office, objects which you have reason to believe Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald are accumulating and who we strongly believe are co-ordinating and inspiring conjurists. Added to that Cecilia Lupin who is in an unenviable position in Durmstrang who has come from a different reality and who, ironically, did the best thing she could to protect herself from general suspicion by writing all about it." Caelius nodded, shifting a little on his feet. "As long as Tabitha is doing what she is required." "Where her feeling takes her. A special gift. Always mysterious." And it is the uncertainty of her skill which has you worried, thought Snape, wryly. You can't control or rationalise what she must do and yet you know that she alone must do it. "For it is only Tabitha Penwright who can. Both you and I know this, as does she. Tabitha is the least likely person to let us down, Caelius." "You are right, of course, " concluded the head of the Ministry, a little too hurriedly. "So it is agreed, Snape," he continued, changing the subject. "We must look to the here and now and solve what is in front of us." "Were it ever so. I will take steps for the non-wizards to leave Hedgewards, whether or not they are or ever have been ill here." "And I will continue to co-ordinate the aurors and James though the reciprocators to manage the threat. Thank you, Severus." Caelius held out a hand, again unlike him. Snape took it, and shook. The bond of the joint head of the reciprocators. "Now, if you will excuse me. Mrs Lupin sends vast quantities of detailed information about Durmstrang and it is very time consuming picking out facts which are in anyway important." "Good morning," concluded Severus Snape as Caelius left through the now-open door and turned his attention to the sound of the castle's inhabitants rising. Perhaps they could manage themselves in a morning after all. Taking a few steps in Caelius's wake and meeting a very agitated Dobby and Winky coming the other way, listening to what they had to say as they hopped around before following them purposefully, maybe not.
It was a surprise for Severus Snape to receive a second visit from Caelius Lupin in the same day. As the staircase above which his office was situated decided on this occasion to raise him up to it slowly as if a corkscrew he replayed the announcement he had made in the Hedgewards staffroom in his mind. Nearly all of the teachers were in agreement that the non-wizard students should return to their homes; one or two dismissed the idea that it was magic-related, but reluctantly agreed to logic when Neville explained the "companion plant" analogy at the evening staff meeting the day before, especially as it related to the childrens' safety. Snobbits targeted Caelius Lupin's policy again, suggesting that it had taken the health of non-wizards to show that it was a failure. As he approached the centuries-worn granite step, indented with many a headmaster's footstep so as to wear it into a dip and the thought crossed Snape's mind too. Had it really taken all this effort to fail over a simple thing like health? Why had no-one suggested there may be a health problem? Had such conditions in humans ever been rationalised before? If he were not careful and did not handle the situation well there could well be a loss of trust with the Ministry just at the time when confidence in its governance was vital to overcoming the extremism faced by conjurism. So it was a surprise for the headmaster to be greeted with the sight of the minister for Magic and for his opening sentence to be the same that Snape himself had thoughts just moments ago. As Caelius explaind how he was going to handle the Prophet and the communication to the non-wizard parents, as well as to the parents of the wizards who would remain. Nodding as if to silently credit Caelius for his strategy he placed the unauthorised copy of "Auld Magic" on his desk, thinking of Fraser Blewitt at that precise moment in one of a fortmight's detention in the company of Minerva McGonagall, a point he made to Caelius once the wizard had finished. "I would not have trespassed further on the same day Severus, however, as the nature of Cecilia Lupin's letters concern you directly..." Snape raised an eyebrow. "Indeed?" "She is bold." Caelius held out the letter, addressed to himself at the Ministry. The page he held out was one of over fifty she had sent in a bundle that week, detailing all that her colleagues were researching. The request, Cecilia had known, would provoke a certain measure of outrage with her brother-in-law. "I mean, blood samples? Hair, well yes, fair enough. Lymph fluid?" Snape analysed the letter closely. Cecilia did indeed want to peform basic biological assays, to work from first principles as it were, on Remus's cure. "What have you told her?" Snape looked above the horizon of the letter at his counterpart. If he was annoyed no-one would have guessed. However Severus Snape knew Caelius Lupin well enough to know that she had irked him. "Nothing, as yet. I generally wait until a good week has passed before replying." Caelius held out a hand. "How was Septimus when you took him to see Remus?" Another week, and another week of his brother being ill. Caelius had many irons in the fire in terms of his recovery and cure, none of which were in play. He was still banking on a wizard cure; the less he had to rely on non-wizards, and science, both of which Caelius distrusted immensely, the more comfortable he would feel. "He was grateful to see his father. He appears to be taking it pragmatitcally. It is the least we can do for the boy, considering he is without his mother too." Snape noticed the rankle and changed the subject. "Regarding Cecilia then, do you intend to discuss the issue of intransmutable objects with her?" "Certainly not!" Caelius shook his head. "The least involvement she has in all of this the better!" "For whom, exactly, is this better?" Caelius narrowed his eyes in the dim lamplight. "Us. Which is why I believe contact of any sort would be putting the reciprocators, the ministry – the whole of the free wizard world at risk. It is no coincidence that Cecilia is on an island in the North Sea out of harm's way, especially considering the occasions she was here, Snape. It took a lot to ensure her damage was contained." "Cecilia is at Durmstrang to isolate her?" Snape frowned a little, glancing up at the previous heads. "Does she do nothing worthwhile?" "Indeed. It is indeed a bonus to us all that I managed to conceive of a purpose for Cecilia Lupin. She works at the school teaching and now, like us, Durmstrang has collaborate with peers from different schools and institutions. We have two such people, ministry-chosen, that will be taking thir positions at Durmstrang in due course. Cecilia appears to take a good deal of her time in reporting information to me about the teachers , teaching practises and research of her colleagues; indeed, tomes arrive onto my desk on a daily basis." "Thorough?" Snape picked up his large quill pen and wobbled it a little between thumb and forefinger, the corners of his mouth turning upwards. "Comprehensive," admitted Caelius, "almost annoyingly so. Yet she too states that she believes magic will be the answer, in the end." Snape frowned a little before folding his arms. "Then I reiterate Caelius, that we should allow her access to the knowledge of instransmutibility. When she begins work, when she analyses results there will be no doubt in her mind that - " "Out of the question!" "...no doubt," Snape insisted, "that something is not right. How long do you think it will take her to work it out? We already suspect that Dumbledore and Grindelwald know about the existence of such objects, one of which they believe was stolen in the raid on your office - " " - Cecilia's employment letter - " "Indeed. And we have been at pains to keep the others close to hand." Snape's words finished and a vacuum of silence replaced them. Both wizards stared at one another for some time before Caelius nodded. "It is just this reason that I feel we can resolve a good many things at one stroke. A suggestion, one which should suit all our needs. Indeed, Cecilia should be allowed access to something – she needs to be kept in check and to leave from Durmstrang again will result in my inprisoning her in Azkaban, make no mistake, Severus. My proposal is this." "Cecilia should be given access to whatever she asks. She should carry out scientific analysis so she believes she has some purpose other than data gathering for me. Cecilia will then be highly likely to remain at Durmstrang at her own volition. But her actions should be guided. Guided, yes, contained and channelled. You should resume your contact with Cecilia Lupin. Non-wizard science has proved valuable in the past. No avenue should be left untrodden, in the search for both truth, and a cure for Remus." Spoken like a true politician, thought Snape wryly. Then aloud, said, "She can discuss science, and the link. She can have some contact with Septimus." "Unthinkable!" "It is cruel, Caelius, from the child's point of view. What harm can it do? In fact she also has Remus's illness to deal with, as well as Septimus." "She suggests we analyse several of the childen, both wizard and non-wizard, to establish any changes to their metabolic processes. Why do you think this would be, Seveus?" "The Universal Link," replied Snape, simply. "Should they have changed their energy process rate on being at Hedgewards we would be able to conclude that Neville Longbottom's hypothesis of symbiosis is correct." Caelius shook his head, Snape noticed, and smiled inwardly. There, Caelius Lupin. No matter your power and machinations, your influence and pressure, Cecilia still is able to confound you. Aloud, he said, "One of my own suggestions for you, Caelius, was to seek agreement for communication barriers to be lifted. Partially. For staff only. It would allow it to be seen that we fully co-operate with the collaboration inflicted on us by Strasbourg. It would allow my staff to be more efficient at their day-to-day jobs: do you realise how long it takes to walk around the castle to find my witches and wizards to impart news? And I expect that amongst each other my staff can save time too – a simple request to share resources or swap lessons results in them becoming cross when they can't find who they are looking for when a floo-fire would locate them in seconds? "I see your point, Snape. Indeed, should you acquiesce to my request then I shall be pleased to acquiesce to yours. Do we have an understanding?" "In the true spirit of reciprocation, Caelius, I do indeed. It is a risk of course, but a calculated one." As well you know, Snape thought to himself, grateful that he was indeed the stronger of the two of them when it came to occlumency. He would guess Caelius believed him – Snape – cynical towards him, but there was Hades' chance that he would allow his old adversary-turned-colleague the pleasure of knowing it for sure. [What would be better, readers, then, from your point of view? The Old Place, as Cecilia short-hands it to in her mind to shield her from "what if" thoughts that could no longer be, where the maniac Voldemort erupted quickly in a matter of decades, shocking rapidly and powerfully; imposing himself violently upon society? Or, here, the same feelings being conveyed with mistrust and misunderstanding over centuries, playing on the suspicions of many based on threads of things that all wizards knew started with a grain of truth? Is it better to have some notice, so to speak, like here? Of for it to be a shock like with Voldemort? That is, if what happened in the Old Place were to happen here. If it looks like a spade, and is used like a spade..., But here, of course, there's always a defence to say that there is nothing in common with there, here. What a stupid thing to say! A wizard called Tom Riddle, who died nearly a decade ago had lived a regular, everyday uneventful life working for the Ministry... ...the Order, the reciprocators...there and here...would these events in any case have happened? Was this human nature at work? Probably. Two groups would, given time, find themselves at odds, and there were always those opposing the conflict. Readers...what do you think? Inevitable or just past historical coincidences?] Snape sat at his desk for a time after Caelius's departure running the visit over in his mind. Cecilia. If you were to only know. If you knew your purpose. Like some very exquisite watch where the mechanism appeared to have no beginning and end, so were the events already in progress, begun by the master clockmaker himself Albus Dumbledore all those decades ago. He looked down, at the letter on his desk, addressed to Cecilia and adorned with a gold postage stamp, which would have, the next morning, be in a red pillar box in Sheepthorpe. He had known it wouldn't take long for Caelius to agree a compromise, but he hadn't expected it to be this soon. He eyed the queen's image absently. Maybe it was the complication of Remus, or the illnesses in the castle that had catalysed his consent. He knew that Cecilia knew genetics was not his field of expertise and it was with that sentiment he had opened the written dialogue within. Holding his hands over the letter, steam hissed, like an electric iron, and the envelope tongue peeled itself away. The samples which he pulled from his robe, and which had originally been intended for Nick Smith to analyse on his behalf – hair, lymph fluid and indeed blood - contracted themselves into smaller, denser matter and he glided them between the fold of the letter page before re-addressing the letter simply to Cecilia, wondering how much time was an appropriate amount to wait following the reinstatement of floo communications until he sent it to Durmstrang. 8888888 The mist was lifting. Cecilia, much to her surprise, was actually beginning to enjoy watching the Durmstrang students as they trained for quidditch above the choppy seas. It was different to watching them over land, especially when one poor soul was made to dive under water to retrieve the snitch he had missed, and had reappeared thoroughly drenched, clutching the tiny winged ball. No. Not enjoying. But the timeliness of the training coupled with the routine of work in the week was a mental balm, something that made sense, even if routines, she knew, were just an illusion of control. Cecilia wondered if Septimus was playing quidditch at Hedgewards, with his lightningshot; whether the friends he had spoken about, in his beginning-to-be-neater handwriting, played too; whether he was learning well; whether he was happy there. She had had to resist the urge to write back immediately to her son, an urge not dissimilar from keeping a box of luxury chocolates uneaten so they can be enjoyed over the course of several days rather than greedily at once. Cecilia had kept the letter in her cardigan pocket, re-reading it every so often, recalling in her mind's eye the places that he was describing, wondering what it would be like if she were there teaching, rather than holed up here. And she had written back that morning, just after she had received official notification that collaborators in physical magic and animal behaviour were to be coming to Durmstrang in order to exchange research. In it, Cecilia had spoken from the heart, despite knowing that even though the letter was for Septimus, it was likely to have been read by his uncle and she had told him not to worry; to trust in Severus Snape and, above all, to enjoy his time at school there. "You will see me soon, Beautiful," she had written, daring herself to do so, "I'll be there for Christmas." And, while buoyed with forthright determinedness from the first one had boldly, from Caelius, written a similar requested collaboration with Snape and DNA samples to test, posting thm both quickly by owl before she had a chance to change her mind. As the choppy sea below struck rock and its waves broke like eggs she looked at Septimus's envelope. Her last reply to him had included a hypothetical inference that some of the children at Hedgewards were getting ill in magical environment, because of exposure to magic, a supposition she had also shared with Caelius. Cecilia knew that magic had been affecting her so she could do magical spells, or at least appear to; this was probably the reason for her ongoing, never-quite-right state of physical being. There were no healers at Durmstrang; students disapparated, or so Cecilia was led to believe, and the students accessed help by means of a special pass to Strasbourg – the place to which so many, the cream of Durmstrang's selective alumni yearned to pursue their careers. Which is why Cecilia had shrugged off her symptoms. Besides, it was unlikely that Caelius would want to keep her here too long; there was only so much infomation she had provided and, with little influence from outside the school: despite the collaboration law that had been improsed the staff here, as one, had taken the tack of systematically reading and rejecting every single piece – a very neat and non-confrontational protest. Would that be enough? Following a wave with her eye as it formed near where Cecilia approximated the horizon to be her mind fixed on the problem which she knew she could not circumvent. How was it to happen? If she decided to make her own way back Cecilia was convinced that Caelius would keep his promise of Azkaban – or worse. The thought that had crossed her mind the other day was that, if she herself was Caelius she would probably cut her losses and return her beyond the veil. She would have done it a long time before now, too. So just what did Caelius need her for? It wasn't just to pacify Septimus. Despite having such a sensitive side Caelius's ministerial duties would never spare his nephew should it be a matter of security. Cecilia looked at the letter again, which was now damp with precipitation and sea-spray. She wiped it gently save it smudging. Poor boy. Poor, poor boy. It was plain to her that he was worried about Remus; probably her too. It wasn't what he was saying, more his concern over Julian that was intermingled with every day events. She had to get back to him! Cecilia looked down over the parapet, her hips restitng against the tower's crenulations so that she was looking directly over the quidditch goals, their posts firmly fixed in the bedrock with the waves crashing around them. A black shadow felt as if it was pressing down on her. The coldness that she had begun to feel since her return seeped into her bones; her hands stiffened in the inclemency. It mattered little – the coldness she endured had was always there – in her room where she had every available material on her body and over her bedspread; in the classroom on the occasions she had been ambushed to teach sudents. Cecilia had even had to abandon a lesson yesterday because her jaw was not under her control and chattered uncrotollably, so much so that she couldn't speak. Not that it mattered too much what she said – comprehensive for the students of course, Cecilia knew of the universal linik's science and lesson by lesson Cecilia had discussed it almost absently. She had become more tired however Cecilia was finding it inceasingly difficult to shift such dark and unpleasant thoughts from her mind, from her dreams and also from her waking thoughts, the veil; the memories she had traversed; Remus and brother; Joseph Black…. ...she's had a life before this! Cecilia lowered her head as a gust of rain and wind collided with her face and she silently screamed her frustration to the huge top-blocks of the tower. She had done nothing so wrong to deserve such ill-treatment – this Cecilia knew, however she had been weak, weakened by the love of Septimus and his love of her, to allow herself to be so. And then there were the memories of the place from which she had come. Her mind sought the magic, and she fought he usual fantasy that gave her hope when the walls of Durmstrang were pressing and the suffocating hopelessness crowding in on her, that was to run back to Septimus, take with her the perfect wolfsbane recipe and traverse beyond the veil back to her home. Cecilia cast it aside and continued, through snippets of the cottage, Petunua Dursley's house; Hogwarts; to the night before her 29th birthday and her trip out to Hogsmeade... ...Hogsmeade...she had drunk butterbeer...and had become ill because of being in the presence of magic. And then it had stopped. And...the effect wasn't as pronounced as it had been at Hogwarts either Cecilia had noticed, neither magical ability nor harmful effects. Cecilia crumpled her forehead. What did that tell her? It told her that the students at Hedgewards were probably going to be alright if they remained at the school. It may look bad at the moment; Septimus had told her of Julian's symptoms of nausea and vomiting, drowsiness and lack of hunger and she recalled when she had drunk butterbeer on her visit to Hogsmeade with Tonks, and how Snape had scolded her for it. It told her that ultimately conjurists were wrong, and some non-wizards too, that there was no distinct divide between those with magic and those without; that the influence of the envirronment played a role in determining the degree of magical ability alongside genetics. It told her that her mind was too confused, and that there was too much going on for her to think clearly. It told her that she needed to talk this through with someone so she could rationalise whatever was going on. Descending the stairs as she tried not to fall on the intermittent puddles that had formed on the steps adjacent the tower's windows it occurred to Cecilia that she couldn't remember the last time she had thought anything positive abut anyone. Sure, she remembered happy times, or rather remembered knowing that she had felt happy. Even the issue of Freya and the girl reading out her journal entries at the Reciprocator meeting; Remus's face as she had begged Freya not to do it; the jeering and snubbing she had received to greater and lesser extents, seemed to be an inevitable conclusion to the situation of interloper Cecilia Jane Wells from the Other Place. Perhaps she even deserved it for being so strong-willed as to think that she could solve the problems with her Remus back there and going beyond the veil. Staying, she reflected as she reached the main hall of Durmstrang, had seemed to be impossible, given that she was being pursued by the Ministry and Death Eaters and that Remus had been put to death. However, what was there to say she was correct? Did she even know what was right any more? To leave, that was what she wanted, Cecilia knew. To live her life quietly as Septimus's mum and Remus's wife. To be able to grieve over what had happened to her husband... ...Remus... The guilt o rurnning away with Septimus began to eat away at her. Cecilia didn't even know whether her mind melded the two versions of her husband together. In the Old Place he had been put to death. Here, critically ill. She closed hr eyes momentarily, giving up on wondering what her mind was telling her. Past scurrying school-children Cecilia walked, tblocking out any unwanted thuoghts from her mind as the afternoon darkness enshrouded the castle as it grew and Cecilia headed to the wooden door that led down to the classrooms. Ragnhild. If only she could find her one friend, to whom she could unburden her mind, like a dam of water, to release the pressure that was building to unbearability. Cecilia had felt like this before since arriving here, in this world. Remus here had listened, but she knew that she had probably contributed to pushing him away. Petunia sympathised and was good at soothing her, but it was practical, actionble advice Cecilia sought, something to stop her feeling so trapped. It was one reason why she had taken to documenting in meticulous detail all that she could for Caelius. Screwing up her eyes as she stood amongst the rows of wooden desks she clenched her fists in anger. No-one understood! And opened them, breathing, and forcing herself to become calmer and more in control. No-one understood how she felt...except one. Cecilia had to credit Caelius with the empathy he had shown her. He knew everything about her being there, about her life here. And he knew that unless she had a purpose she would be a danger to the Ministry, to the Reciprocators, to everyone. And it was Cecilia's mistake that she had supposed both Snape and Caelius did too. They always as if they did. Was that a mistake, on her part, then? Both had taken Aberforth's role and it was hard to believe they did not know what Caelius did. Aberforth had convinced Snape to make the potion for her; Snape hadn't really wanted to and Cecilia suspectd he was pleased that she had been reassigned by Caelius. That was, if he was not already pushing for it to happen. No. Cecilia stared at the frost-encrusted windows, white with ice and mist as the heat from the fire switly made its escape. Snape was not like that to work with. Not like her Snape, Severus Snape who existed in the Other Place. There was less damage to him emotionally, of course – it was different to say. Here, Snape had had his fair share of policing through the Reciprocators, as well as being influential in the Hedgewards' classroom. He had verifying Harry's potion for her. Would he agree to her demand to collaborate again? Would Caelius even tell him? Not that she had needed it verified, for that world was gone in which contained a Harry that needed to fight Voldemort but her overriding emotion was that it needed to be completed. For which they had used the Harry here for the fundamentals. Snape had used the Harry here to carry out the basic spells that she and the other Snape had postulated. It appeared to have gone well. The Snape here had even located enough of the rare plants and seeds that the potion had needed and patiently did it for her. But she would never know. He did not have the dubious fame of being attacked by the most powerful wizard of all time. The only thing she could do, which was what she did on a daily basis when uninvited thoughts took up residence in her mind, would be to test it there. Cecilia got to her feet and began to pace purposefully, around Ragnhild's domain, with sigils and books adorning the shelves by the fireplace, interspersed with tinned food that the witch had purloined from the kitchens and Cecilia wondered absently whether she would still have the urge to hoard food in the winter if she worked in a warmer climate, or whether there was some sort of cultural-genetic influence at work. She closed her eyes. Another hypothesis was forming in her mind and she was beginning to fight the images as they were forming, of Severus Snape working with her, the Severus Snape from the Old Place. "No! No!" Cecilia hammered on her head as if to physically shake herself away from where she had originated. She had to let it go again – the happiest years she had ever had here, Cecilia knew, was when she the Old Place hadn't crossed her mind at all. When she could just be herself at home, or at Hedgwards. She sat down on one of the benches near the window. So, what could she do to help her case of dialogue regarding the enforced collaboration How could she sell to either of them that communication was the way to go. Who would she have to convince the hardest? Snape? Or Caelius? Though performing the same role as head of the reciprocators both wizards operated in different spheres and ultimately Snape was a seeker of the truth of things, he rarely bought into politics, however beautifully packaged by Caelius as if he was doing you a favour. Cecila rose for she could bear the cold no longer and, approaching the fire, pointed her hands in the direction of the hearth and the coals glowed a little. Here. It could be as painful here as there. Freya, whom she had always sought onlythe best to give the orphaned girl, only to be thanked by her soul being bared spitefully and the pain enhanced by "that piece of work" (as Petunia Dursley called her)Henrietta Edwards who had been seeing (or rather using) Sirius Black and who, in Aberforth's wake, had ladder-climbed in Strasbourg. The woman had spoken to them one evening just before Freya's indiscretion and had mentioned that Freya's parents would have been the first non-wizard recprocators, ignoring the fact that Cecilia had been one for years. It was her own fault, Cecilia thought as she warmed her hands. She herself had been to blame. She had given Henrietta fuel, confided in her. Trusted her. And the witch had just sat back watching as the circumstances began to consume Cecilia. She felt dampness on her face and realised that she was crying. A part of her, Cecilia knew, that was locked into her very heart, would do anything to go back. Before her reconciliation with Remus she had broken down, had begun to think of ways of ending it herself here. She had fantasised about ways she could get back to the Old Place, and how she might take Septimus with her. She had committed her years of work to the flames and watched as it curled in spirals in the flames. What good was magic, she had told herself, if she couldn't use it to help herself? Her ability was not as pronounced as before. But it hadn't stopped her from using it to her advantage – small spells appeared to work, such as levitation, but not much and Cecilia was minded to think of Petunia Dursley who, unlike in the Other Place, was a fully-fledged witch with magical training and learning. Her ability to empathise was as pronounced as the other Petunia Dursley, but Petunia here was ambivalent in its use, taking or leaving it as she might any skill, as it was needed. And the thought had occured to Cecilia that could it be that you could learn to be a wizard, just as you might be able to "unlearn" if you had some magical ability? If you consciously rejected magic and chose to live in a non-wizard environment, would it physically wane? She hugged her knees close, as she sat near the hearth in Ragnhild's classroom, grubbying her clothes "Polly Flinders" style. She had broached the subject with Petunia and had agreed with her friend when she asked why she should she feel bad for her choice of life. Petunia was married to Regulus and Dudley and Darren had plenty of magical ability. As a result, though it bothered her little, she had also been socially excluded by the reciprocators. Cecilia felt her eyes welling again as she thought of the situation, and the other situations in which she could do nothing. The images of the last few years began popping randomly into her mind as popcorn in a pan, randomly and fleetinglt and then it dawned on Cecilia that the only way she could do anything was to act, to mak everything she did her decision and not as a second-hand reaction to circumstances. "There, that's made you happier. I am glad for it." Like a warm blanket against the coldness of her mind Ragnhild's voice encompassed her. Cecilia looked up from her position, still prone by the fire and felt her mental defences yield. Ragnhild had an uncanny ability to make her feel happier and, though the witch had precongitive foresight, right now Cecilia needed whatever comforting words she could get. "You are punishing yourself Cecilia by denying your past. You shouldn't be so hard on yourself. You loved those who you have left behind, they are your future as well as your past." Cecilia felt her mouth fall open as she got to her feet. "My room it has an occlumency charm upon it," the tall, willlowy witch continued. "The thoughts of all within, should I be absent, are channelled directly to me. Students, usually, whose concerns are with charm studies." "Past, present and future," Cecilia remarked, a smile on her lips, remembering how her friend's gift had prevented a falling masonry stone from hitting Cecilia from above as she knocked her out of the way with a spell only a few days before. "Indeed so," the witch continued and Cecilia noticed a pained look on her face momntarily before brightening. "And with which of these states of time may I be of assistance to you, Cecilia Lupin?" Cecilia smiled a little and then, like a burst dam told Ragnhild about the things that were on her mind from her family to Septimus, from her collaboration with Hedgewards when she first arrived to her own wizarding abilities. The witch nodded empathetically as Cecilia continued. "You can do magic, then?" "Of sorts. What do you suppose this means?" "As you infer," Ragnhild continued. "You are predisposed, of course." "Predisposed?" "Certainly." Ragnhild got to her feet and approached her shelves, moving the can of spam to one side as she withdrew a volume. "It's complicated, genetically. Although I have no doubt you will grasp this. In general, yes, it is thought there are cases of magical influence that has an effect on non-magical objects, animals or people, to do with the environment in which they exist," Ragnhild clarified. "You are a redhead, a pale one at that – strawberry blonde." She reached out and lifted Cecilia's hair, letting it fall back into place. "What's that got to do with it?" "My original research into that very question was halted here, in Durmstrang as those very questions that you are asking were beginning to emerge, so I was forced to abandon it and instead I chose another field of study. You've ginger hair, pale, skin. Therefore it is very easy for your body to metabolise the energies in the range in which spells operate. And it has happened before?" "I was ill – ", began Cecilia, breaking off suddenly. For the rest of the sentence ended, " – at Hogwarts." "But you got better. That's interesting." Ragnhild looked ceiling-wards as if thinking, before casting her eye on Cecilia again. "From my observations, I expect you recovered faster than if you had not been pre-disposed." Cecilia's eyes widened. Scientific method. What was not to love about it? "I first developed this hypothesis when I saw Icelanders who had been working with my husband sicken, and then recover. Those wiith red hair were far more ill, and once a short time had passed had – like you – found they could do magic. "Ragnhild began to pace towards the fireplace slowly as if recalling a past time and place in her mind's eye. "I began my research in this field some twenty years ago but, as you can imagine, its subject, but it was deeply unpopular, such is the state of the school. My views were unheeded, and so instead shifted my research focus to, instead, the so changed the research to the disproportionate number of redheads being wizards." Cecilia found herself nodding, a clench of strain in her stomach easing a little in the company of her friend. Ragnhild had said that before and as she rarely spoke to anyone for fear of the reactio she would encounter and Cecilia felt honoured. She was about to speak when Ragnhild turned to her sharply, fixing her with a glare. Then she averted her glare from Cecilia towards the fireplace, the walls, the door, shifting sporadically around as she spoke. "I work here for Crystallia's sake, for her education," Ragnhild said, then glared back at Cecilia before her face softened. "It pays well and I am good at it." "She's doing well at Hedgewards?" Cecilia eyed Ragnhild carefully, half concerned at the woman's welfare, half wary. "My seeing is my curse, Cecilia. I can do something credible here. But to be in Crystallia's sphere of life...imagine, Sissee, like an itch, building up in here - " Ragnhild bunched up he long fingers into a ball and pushed it into her stomach, "so that you can keep it hidden, which eventually drives truthtellers mad. Or you can tell them, and risk people hating you." Ragnhild Andersson fell silent once more, her eyes resting on the window which was being dusted with ice and snow. Cecilia approached her tentatively, gently going to rest her hand on Ragnhild's shoulder and she fully expected the witch to shake her off but instead the witch rested her other on top, light as a feather and continued to look down towards the icy sea. "Children, all children, Sissee, think magic is fun, benign, and that any bad magic is dealt with using a woodcutter or magic seeds. That good magic helps crops to grow and old ladies with their housework. Few people have any notion of the power that magic can do. In such stories, whether for good or bad, the truthteller is always doubted. The protagonist goes on to make their choices, and they lead to the correct foretelling in the end. The poor beggar girl marries the rich man's son because of the ring in the fish's stomach." "Like fate?" "Fate is not a character in a story. Fate is tempted. Fate is denied. Fate is hated. Fate is never congratulated or made to feel welcome." She sighed, taking Cecilia's hand from her shoulder, and returning it to he side. "And they read, or have read to them, "Mysterious Mytrhology" with it's wood-elves and pretty fairires, and no horror and terror at all, in case they get scared by it." Cecilia nodded as Ragnhild's cynicism increased. "They have sanitied children's childhoods. Now the dolts in their fancy parliaments, with sheaves of paper and minutes from meetings, with sweeping devisions like just don't know what to do; too little, too late." "And you hole up here – can't you do something?" "No. No-one likes someone like me. What do I get? To see my worst fears come true? To whom do I say "I told you so?" What good is that? It doesn't feel good to see bad things happen and know that you can't do anything about them. I see things for what they are." "That's good, then." "No, Cecilia. No-one listens, not properly, nor takes the time to understand." "I will listen." "No, no it is not that." Ragnhild turned her face from the window and her perfect features crinkled into a smile. "How would you feel if you could see the tower above you falling down, with children below it, their faces contorted with terror, bewilderment, disbelief? The tonnage killing most of them?" "I'd tell the headteacher, the caretaker…" "They find nothing." "Then I would find an alternative classroom." "There are none. And what reason do you give? That you have seen disaster that is to come Or do you make up some lie? You avoid disaster. But the classroom roof falls still. And it is not your students but those of the class that has swapped rooms." "Then you try every option! There has to be a way!" Cecilia looked around the classroom as her words echoed, their power strong and determined. Ragnhild shook her head sadly. "You would think so, would you not? You could spend your life running around trying to avert disaster. You get a reputation as a fool, at best, or a lunatic at worst. And even if that were the price, it makes not the slightest difference to the outcome. Why do you think I stay here? There are few factors that can go wrong. There are few factors that my talent..." Ragnhild sighed, "...my talent cannot penetrate. A perfectly sterile environment in which to educate future ministers of Europe." "And then you came, with your kaleidoscope of possibilities; my mind has recently adjusted to the weight of interpetation. I have avoided you of late, Cecilia, and for that I am sorry." "But why?" "Imagine a migraine the pain of which you've never had before. As if my head is overloaded with premonitions, thoughts, feelings, images in my mind...only here I can while away my time on a research project or two, keeping out of the way of people. Keeping myself well. It is such overloadings that have driven better truthtellers into madness. "Do you only see bad things?" "Bad things are a point of view." Ragnhild looked back out of the window again. "But now, even here, the shield of the sea, and the sky and the walls," she hammered the palm of her hand against the glass, and walls, "not even these can stop me from seeing what is to come." She turned to look intently at Cecilia. "It's a curse, Sissee," Ragnhild looked at Cecilia imploringly, and Cecilia felt sympathetic tears spring to her eyes. "Such a curse...I can never be free of it...either can you...and my beloved Crystallia...she was at here...when I realised the implications I insisted she enrolled at Hedgewards. She took he father's name and went. Her father was furious - as I knew he would be - but you can only do what you believe is right for your children." "Of course we do," Cecilia found herself saying, as Septimus's face appeared in her mind's eye. "And there is nothing that can be done about the attacks that are to come! Nothing that I can do to keep her safe! Oh, don't look like that, Sissee. The ministry is prepared. But they do not know when it will be." Cecilia felt her jaw fall open. "What can you do? If the country's about to be attacked? What can I do?" "Do? Sissee, have you not been listening? What do you do if you know the future, Cecilia Lupin and have no power to do anything about it?" At this, Ragnhild's knees folded and she sank onto on of the benches that lay parallel to the chimne y, designed for lack of comfort for maximum concentration. "That is what I must abide now, Cecilia." "Why can you not do something for her then?" Cecilia sat next to the woman and made to put her hand onto hers, but Ragnhild pulled away furiously. "Because it would make no difference!" The usually cool demeanour of Ragnhild Andersson was replaced with contempt. "Crystallia! My daughter, is involved, as are we all, and her destination is the same, no matter which her path." "If I had a choice I would be with her. But I am a truthteller, Cecilia Lupin, and so many times I have thought that fact didn't matter, and every time someone I love be hurt because of my presence! But you can!" She turned and looked Cecilia in the eye. "You could go! There's nothing stopping you. You've come down here to weep to me when instead you should be gone and with your family!" The woman's screamed words seemed to engulf Cecilia and she took a step back. "Why don't you go? Leave this place!" "I'm needed here," began Cecilia, but Ragnhild hushed her. "You are not! What is it that you think this place will give you?" "The cure for my husband!" Cecilia shot back. She'd already sent the Auld Magic information back and she was, in her position, in a key place that may yield something that Snape may miss. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Ragnhild turn towards the window and watch as the snow wisped down again, folding her arms. She turned too, he own gaze taking in the fireplace. Cecilia pictured her son, for whom she was also at Durmstrang, to shield him from harm. But, who was to say that was the right thing to do? I just want to be with Septimus, Cecilia thought to herself. And he wants me to be there! Be with my family, and forget about work. But then...could developing a vampire potion be what I should be doing, so that whatever the outcome for Remus, they could make their lives together? A new image, of herself with a modicum of magical ability with Severus Snape, striving to help her husband appeared in her mind and, through the mire of her dark emotions a pinprick of light. "If I were free of my Seeing I would be with my daughter." Ragnhild continued to address the window. "I would not choose to be here." Ragnhild's clipped words hung in the air between them as Cecilia turned to look at her friend. Ragnhild turned too, and smiled feebly. "You have strength, Sissee, that you cannot see in yourself. Call Caelius Lupin out on his word – you may find he has fewer choices than he thinks. In my name, who cannot do those things?" Cecilia looked at Ragnhild's face. The woman, whose features to her always looked youthful were, at once, transformed into the cares of the world. She took the witch's delicate hand and nodded. "Will you promise me?" Yes. "Yes! I will find a way." Somehow, I will find a way. If it meant Caelius was the enemy again, so she could summon her courage, she would. She would see her son again and her life with Remus and their son would continue once more. Staring with collaborating with Snape on a cure for Remus. The women sat in silence for a time, wrapt in their own lives as the bustle of the school continued overhead. 88888888 In the darkness of the corridor that led underground from the quidditch house, stoe of equipment, brooms, hoops and balls, Fraser Blewitt 's self-satisfaction beamed from his face and lips. Clever. How was it that the hight-and-mighty, goody-two-shoes git would ever know it was him? He hated being in detention; it was so humiliating; he was a NEWT student, for Merlin's sake. What did they think they were doing? It had been the wandering of his mind after overhearing students talking about the mid-term quidditch friendlies, that the students could test out their flying skills and display their talents, that had got him plotting. He had to get to the quidditch stores and back, unseen, that was the key. And the lock? Still grinning to himself, Fraser Blewitt enjoyed the mental feast of the magical destruction that was to occur the next day and the even more enjoyable set of after-events. It also occured to him, as he leaned against the corridor wall, thateven if he'd gone back now its fate was sealed. There was nothing anyone could do now that would undo what he had put in place. It would serve that stupid boy whose friend he would so like to have murdered in the hospital wing these last few days. And he would be right at the front for the performance of Sam Potter's life. Or rather... ...in the dark, Fraser's eyes flashed black as the spell he'd used jostled for space amongst the others jostled for position in his brain. Auld Magic. He began to get moving again; the illegal spell would have worn off if he was much longer, and he wasn't prepared to get caught again. It was convenient that his father knew people who could teach him the Auld Magic they knew and also the means to shield their use from the Ministry. Who would have guessed that the school's own policy of limits on the portable pensieves would give him easy means by which to protect himself. It was vital, of course, for conjurists who were taking part in the action that would happen very soon. As he picked up the pace Blewitt's mind pictured Sam Potter's face as his spell, before the whole school, destroyed Septimus Lupin's lightningshot with not one clue as to how it had happened.
ic88888888 "How're things?" Ron's head peered out of the wall where once there had been a fireplace. Harry smiled at his friend as the darkness invaded the living room. It was unusual for him to be back so early from the Ministry. In all honesty, doing the hours that he was, in the historical archive and reporting to Caelius Lupin all that he was discovering about the Universal Link as well as his Auror work was taking up a lot of his time. Rarely did he get to see Hermione - she was doing stupid hours at work and even when he had been commuting to Strasbourg she was barely at the apartment. Rarer still was time to see his friend. So it was welcome indeed when Ron had left him a recorded floo message asking if he were free that evening and he had floo'd back his reply as soon as he could. "Busy," Harry yawned, the closed curtains wafting gently as he sat on the floor by where once had been an open fire, now sealed off in Harry and Hermione's rented house, a small fact which the floo network had conveniently overlooked when setting up their connection. "Busy and tiring. I'm looking forward to a break – not long now till Halloween weekend. You?" "Interesting," nodded Ron. "I've got a new job. Children's entertainer. Magic tricks, jokes. Clowning around. Loads of money in it. Brilliant. How are the wedding plans?" Harry sighed. "Non-existent." "You've called it off?" Ron sounded incredulous. "No," Harry continued. "We are rarely here at the same time. I can't remember when I last sat down with Hermione for a meal. I've been asked to liaise with the history of magic teacher at Beauxbatons and communicate everything I've found out so far about the history of Auld Magic, and report back anything they tell us too. I mean, where am i supposed to find the time?" He sighed again. "Hoping to get some plans together when we are togther - not long now till the long weekend." "Just over a week. And I've got so many gigs booked," Ron replied, his tone a little guarded as if he were trying to minimise his success to his friend, given what Harry had just told him. "You working tonight?" "Yes, a bit." He looked over at the conspicuous pile of papers and parchments on the kitchen table, "but not tomorrow. You free to come over for the game? Cannons and Knights?" "Nah mate, not tomorrow. Got plans." "Plans? A girl?" He felt Ron hesitate. "Not just a girl; the same girl I told you about last time." "Nice one." Harry was genuinely pleased for his out-of-luck-with-women best friend. For Ron to keep a relationship going for nearly a month was very good. "What's going so well?" "Ah, mate," sighed Ron, "she's lovely. Outgoing, independent, a good laugh - " his flaming head leaned closer towards Harry, " - great in bed! At first it was only the sex, but now - " "Spare me!" Harry interrupted quickly. "What's her name, then?" Ron paused, his face a poorly-disguised image of innocence. "All right, you don't have to tell me," Harry added. "Nah, it's not like that," Ron replied hastily, looking intently at his friend. "I, just, well...like you said Harry, four weeks two days is a record for me. Don't want to jinx it." "It's OK. I understand. What was it you wanted anyway?" "To see if you were free tonight." Harry sighed, looking again at the table and wishing Caelius didn't keep moving the deadline forward. "Can't. Look." He pointed to the table as Ron's head strained forward. "Got that lot to go through then a report due for Caelius tomorrow. They're up against it, with these counjurist attacks, Ron. You're better off where you are, with kids parties. It's so heavy-going, especially knowing what the reciprocators are going though. I haven't seen mum in weeks and dad has been pretty much in charge of them for nearly a fortnight. It's a war in all but name, with pretty violent extremists passing their views off as normal against us. I've got to do my bit, and get this in, Ron. It might just make a difference." "What is it you've got to do?" Ron's face beamed interest and, despite being under a confideniality agreement Harry figured it couldn't hurt. "Basically, debunk conjurism. See how much evidence we've got that there's no point looking for the Auld Magic and trying to live your life by it, like these crackpots are attempting to do." "Have you made much progress?" "Couldn't say. Caelius doesn't give much away. He was pleased that I've been through "The Art of the Wize". A wizard at Durmstrang had interpreted an old copy and I cross-dated it through the Ministry's archived. There is so little chronological basis for anyhing in there. Nothing which follows through logically. Doing the same with that lot." "More stuff fom the Ministry?" "Some. I came across something interesting, though and I remembered that stuff that arrived a few months ago with Mrs Lupin's name on." "You mean Mrs Lupin who is at Durmstrang now? Remus's wife?" "Yes. It's taken me a while to go through stuff – it's very detailed in places, I mean – who wants to know the amount of steps to the Durmstrang owlery and the type of stone they're made from?" "Well, she was sent there because she was getting off her nut." "Just some things that are interesting. Caelius doesn't think there's much of a connection but has asked for m to go thorough them. I've got to do them tonight – Hemione's been threatening to burn them since they arrived, and I want to include them in the report. It's that desperate with the Ministry, Ron, I've got to do all I can. Besides, I'd be as happy to keep hold of them – you just don't know when things'll come in handy." "Sounds like a thrilling night," replied Ron, sarcastically. It wouldn't be. Calius had asked if he could go through the documents Cecilia Lupin had sent, detailing every reference to Auld Magic, Durmstrang and conjurists. It was a long, drawn out process hampered with very-unscientific opinions evry so often about her colleagues, the Ministry, Caelius. Especially Caelius and her resentment to being at the Norwegian school and how she blamed him for keeping her and Septimus apart. More like a diary of her findings there and another about her personal life rolled into one. "It won't be. Another time? We are planning on a 30th October get-togther, Ron. Are you interested? You could bring your girlfiend. Or not," he added, taking in his friend's exprssion. "Sure," said Ron. "That'd be great. Not sure about F- my girlfriend though," he added quickly. "She's a non-wizard and has had bad experiences in the wizard world. I just want to take it slowly for a bit..." Ron's voice tailed off and Harry smiled. It was great that his frind was happy, romantically-speaking. If they were serious they would meet this mysterious lady in time. "Right, look, I'm going to have to go, got to get to it," Harry concluded disconsolately, his eyes drawn to the kitchen table again. "Oh, right, OK then. Night, Harry." "Thanks for flooing, Ron. Night." The wall went dark and Harry reluctantly dragged himself up from the floor, assssing the paper pile for the best place to start. Picking up a sheet at random, Harry read a few words. "Potion. Floo. Durmstrang. Ragnhild Andersson. Wolfsbane." His eyes flicked up and down, knowing he would have to read this emotionally-charged document hunting for clues. Nowhere was a good place to start, really. Drawing up a chair Harry wondered whether he shouldn't just have made himself a member of the reciprocators in the summer when Caelius had asked for more volunteers. Was risking your life six times a night as well as working in the ministry all day better than reading this? Harry shifted on the wooden chair in the draughty kitchen, the environment making him feel cold and uncomfortable. Maybe better being a dead reciprocator than a live historian, he wondered drily. As he reached for his tea, his eye caught the word "veil." He had read about this the other night, of a place thinly divided from the world, where the dead went. Cecilia Lupin had included it in her book with his name on all those years ago. He knew that Tabitha Penwight had something to do with it, too. What, though? And how did it connect with his task of discrediting conjurists? "...to be pulled back up through the veil-clouds; a bit like flying on a broom here in Durmstrang's quidditch arena, I fancy..." Well, there was something, then. Harry could always hit the emergency brake. He knew it wouldn't take him long to go through the manuscripts, letters and accounts, but, if he got too bored he could always tell Caelius that it was difficult to discern fact from fiction in Cecilia Lupin's writing. "...surely the best place to hide things is in plain sight, Caelius? Well, you've done that right enough..." This was true, mused Harry. It could be said that to hide anythng in plain view was rather safe, if done well. Brave, too. Or incredibly risky. At least this time tomorrow it could all go back to the Minister for Magic – everything - along with his report and Harry could begin to plan for a fun 2-weekends' time. Harry bent his head again, under the glow of the single kitchen light, and continued with his work. 88888888 Another light crackled in another grate. This time an unprecedented surge of energy was, just at this moment, being directed to the fourth floor ice-chamber that was alternatively called, by Cecilia Lupin, her bedroom at Durmstrang. Several times both wizards had attempted to co-incide their floo-connections and several times had found Cecilia absent. Severus Snape had been about to contact Caelius Lupin instead of making one last final attempt but instead had, at nearly one in the morning decided to make one more attempt. An hour later, the now-present Cecilia Lupin was lying, curled in a blanket near the flickering fire, trying to harness any warmth possible as her mind mulled over every one of the things about which that they had spoken. The adulation, fear, excitement...all of them washed ove her again as each key point of the discussion rose, then waned to nothingnss again. They were trying to work on potion for Remus...Snape was certain that it was a DNA-match problem. He felt a cure was needed now and time couldn't wait...it was vital for her to contribute to its development. Cecilia felt her pulse quicken. To have her darling better...and to be together with him no matter what...as they had planned back in the summer... "Please, could you consent to be involved?" he had asked. Cecilia's mind diverted as she remembered herself looking across at Caelius's fiery apparition in the now-empty grate. He had nodded in approval and she had felt cross with herself that he had interpreted her inclination as a request for permission and her heart quickened again. "How likely are attacks from conjurists? Severe ones, I mean?" Cecilia had asked. In true reciprocator-style Caelius and Snape had briefed her on the defence of the nation by the wizards already signed up to reciprocation and the aurors at the Ministry. Both wizards had paused before replying, and Caelius, who Cecilia had noticed flinch a little at her words, had spoken first. "Almost certainly, Cecilia. It is a threat that no-one has ever conceptualised before – attacks from a fundamentalist group, from anywhere, at any time, with the justification borne of the origin of all wizards, or so the conjurists claim. Which is what makes their cause so outwardly justifiable." Thinking his words now, as the dark night rolled into an ever-dark morning on this island north of the arctic circle in winter, it occurred to her how reasonable Caelius had sounded. How fair minded. Could it really have been spoken, or her attended upon with such a request for help – for it had been help for which they had come asking, not by force or coercion – by the same wizard who had done his utmost to get rid of her in sight and sound from those who Caelius wanted her to assist? The stab of pain she felt between her shoulder blades was the same pinching of stress that she always had when Caelius had backed her into a corner. This time, Cecilia had not been starstruck enough not to have called for her own conditions. To be in contact with Septimus, something which Snape had promised could happen under his supervision. Cecilia had asked for unresticted access to information from Hedgewards and from any reciprocator whose help would assist her in both her pursuits. Again, granted. And then Snape had retained the contact via floo as Caelius had bidded a professional, neutral reply – Cecilia could not have expected anything else – and she had first, begged him for news of Septimus...was he well? How was he pogressing? Was he fitting in with life at the school? Then, Remus. How serious was his condition? What was his prognosis? In what form did he think Remus's cure might take? Her heart beat faster again as she thought about the anticipation she'd felt when her first point of contact for months about her family was about to tell her news of them. Cecilia stared at the place Snape's head had been. The headmaster of Hedgewards had, in turn, answered her questions and relayed further information to her, that of the conditions of some of the non-wizard students who had sickened; the reciprocators fighting for every opportunity to overcome the nightly, and sometimes daily attacks from conjurists on non-wizards and on wizards who opposed them. Cecilia had promised to relay all that she could, anything she had gleaned from her colleagues at Durmstrang, she would pass on to Snape. He had gone into detail about a similarity between the wolfsbane potion and its biochemical mechanism and the potential that an attack from a vampire was, in all likelihood, going to affect the body in the same way, much as the vector in malaria. "But it appears more complicated than lycanthropy," Snape had concluded. "Lycanthropy appears to affect the DNA only. I knew when I was developing the wolfsbane potion that would eradicate the majority of werewolf symptoms that the mechanism was an inhibition of the red blood cells, the only cells which do not contain DNA. I knew that if these could be altered then the process of changing the person into a werewolf would not occur because the pathway would be broken." And a specific quantity of silver nitrate timed to be released into the bloodstream at exactly the right moment was what did it, and did it permanently. Had she had enough time...back in the Other Place...Cecilia knew now that she would eventually have got there. Cecilia dragged her mind back to the present. Right then and there, right here and now, from what Snape had gone on to outline was, for vampirism, it was the death and regeneration through imbibing blood – the only cells in the human body without DNA – that caused a vampire to live on. By biting a victim the vector which caused the disease was transmitted. And it was only human blood, or blood with cells lacking a nucleus, which were effective "desire-quenchers" for vampires. Their bodies changed too – they became paler, a way of allowing maximum absorption of vitamin D with minimum light. They could be killed by direct exposure to the sun's powerful beams. So sunlight would kill the vampire-causing vector which was likely to again reside in red blood cells, but it would also kill the vampire. Cecilia stared at the large granite-blocked ceiling as hypothesis after hypothesis skipped through her mind before suddenly, as if reciprocation had never stopped being her raison d'etre at Durmstrang, Cecila seized parchment and quill and began drafting out her thoughts. He would be back that evening, Cecilia had heard him say, and she had returned his simple goodbye because her mind had not been on anything more than her ideas as they twisted in her mind like a mass of writhing snakes. And then Cecilia's mind rested on one further question, one which had seemed both logical and odd at the same time. Snape explained that her son was the only living person with a genetic reference to Remus. Her heart now raced again at the thought of Septimus. She could see him again! Be a part of his life. She was needed here again, rather than being banished to a convenient place far from him and the rest of the world. "To cross-match, can we have you permission to analyse Septimus's DNA, Cecilia?" Snape had asked. And she had said yes. "As long as you explain to him why, Severus. And as long as he himself agrees." 88888888 Some of them bobbed a little higher than others. Some a little lower. Tabitha didn't know how long she had sat on the cloud where she was at the present time, or rather, when she was. Time meant nothing, and everything here. The chicken sandwich she had procured from the memory below tasted real. It was really filling her up. As was her own thought about the pattern she had spotted. Age. Occasionally, as she traversed between memories new ones floated by, at first zephyrs wafting slowly around, as if causally, then building up density and culminating in another cloud as closely similar as the others around it as it could be. Tabitha sat there watching it form itself into its cloud, its contents unfolded as someone might an ordnance survey map. Inside, she knew, the snippet of a memory would be replaying itself. The first thought that occurred to Tabitha as she sat was, did the memory continue to play when a person was not looking into it. Was it still there without anyone looking into its fog-like essence? Or was it her own perception that made the memory real? The one she had seen arrive was indeed paler than those around it – did the colour determine age perhaps? Or was it recollection? Really old memories , such as ones that had belonged to witches and wizards whose days had long passed were somewhat thinner and with less substance. It was, Tabitha mused, her mouth full of buttery chicken and soft brown bread, if they had a lifespan of their own. She looked down at the one she was sitting on, which had shot out a tendril and was slowly binding onto the newborn memory. And then looked in the direction she could only think of as opposite her feet, and therefore: "up". Of course the plan would work; everyone (if everyone meant Severus and Kay Lupin) knew that. But by which method Tabitha had not been able to say because she was only now formulating it. Information passed between the two memories as Tabitha looked again at the clouds. So. Older clouds, less dense and a darker shade of grey compared to this new one. So. If that were the case...Tabitha closed her eyes as she tried to formulate her own thoughts...so...she needed to prove her hypothesis first. Swallowing the rest of her crust Tabitha steadied herself where she was before hauling herself to her feet. Tentatively she took one step and then another towards the edge of the cloud she had been sitting on, carefully trying not to find a thinning part through which she had descended on several occasions, sometimes several blush-inducing occasions, depending on the memory. Careful too not to get entangled on the tendril towards which she was approaching. They had a tendency to trip you up as you got near (on purpose, Tabitha supposed wryly) and you would end up further below the cloud you wanted to explore to start with. And this cloud was definitely of interest – newly formed and in connection with one below, of a school scene, of Hedgewards. A few young wizards she recognised. The amount of these had slowed down in the past shorter-amount-of-time-than-the-time-she-had-been-behind-the-veil-time. Something had limited the memories that had been so abundant of the Hedgwards school children just a short while before. Tabitha bounced over, her foot just missing the connection of the tendril of the other side. She was a little disappointed that the tendril did not reach out triffid-style. Instead it did nothing, but Tabitha did feel herself floating downwards. Well, she thought, as the cloud began to envelop her...what was this new memory? From what would she discern of its origin and context? The surroundings grew darker as Tabitha felt her feet touch the first solid object the memory defined – was it the ground? She stood still for several moments as she acclimatised to the scene. Dark. Night-time. Solid floor. Tabitha flexed her toes, her shoe pressing upon a flagstone floor. A breeze flitted down the corridor as a summer butterfly but – no. It certainly wasn't that season; the wind felt chilled and the night seemed fuggy. Tabitha outstretched her hand and felt around in the darkness. She clasped nothing, swung her arm around and scraped her knuckles against stone. More stone, similar to the flagstone. There was little light about; dusk seemed to have arrived according to the orange line on the horizon marking the sun's exit and - - Tabitha stopped in her analysis of her location as footsteps and then voices came towards her and she shrank back into the shadows as – two, yes two of them – boys by the looks of them; older, not teachers – as two older boys – Hedgewards' boys Tabitha gleaned from their robes decided to stand not six feet from her. "It was all he could do, weren't it?" A voice more highly pitched than Tabitha would expect in a boy echoed around what must now, she was figuring, be one of the stone passages that led to the grounds of the school; strictly out of bounds to all students but a known clandestine meting place that was, more often than not, overlooked by staff so as to keep up a keen interest in problem-solving and intrigue. If only the students knew that their illegal meetings were actually being encouraged. "What was?" "Take the things. Like they wanted. The letter. The l - " "Shut up, Keeps! Look, any sign of him coming?" "Eh?" "You know. That arse Potter. If only I could see him out in a proper duel, like in the old days. I'd give him "European Ministry Internship". Tabitha felt the silence of incomprehension fall. "What happened to the locket, Keeps? My father needs to know that its disposal was terminal". More silence. Even though it was dark Tabitha fancied she could see a mass of crinkles in the first boy's forehead as he tried to work out what he was being told. "Vincento staged the break in as your father suggested, leaving a mess. Taking the letter. Taking the locket. An then ee did what he was told, like your dad said." And this time Tabitha was almost certain she could see the horrible smile as it played on the second boy's lips. "Right then, ah - " The second boy broke off as feet scuffed on the stone floor, their noise getting louder. Someone else was joining them. "So, you came then?" "E' came, yeah, he came, di'n' ee, Fraser, eh?" "Shut up Keeps. While you're at it, make yourself scarce." "Er, eh?" "He means go away." Sam Potter's voice was authoratitve, his tone assertive. By the sounds of shoe leather scraping on flagstone again this Keeps person had done so. "You said to meet you here, Blewitt. And I am here." A pause. "You'll have to better than that, Potter." "What must I do?" "I'm sory?" Tabitha could hear the boy's sneering tone. While she was neutral in everything behind the veil, so as not to influence anything, Tabitha was beginning to feel an ntense dislike for the boy. "What must I do to gain internship?" "How much does it mean to you?" There was a pause, as if the substance was being drained from the memory. Tabitha Penwrirght felt a litle dizzy at the sensation. She had never been in one that slowly faded before. Usually when the end of the time frame of a memory had arrived the memory started back at the beginning. "I'll do anything." The image was becoming a little shaky now, its rocking sensation slowly increasing around Tabitha. "Your wand." The image was fading a little more noticeably now, as if someone were holding an old-fashioned negative picture strip up to the light then turning down its strength. The memory doesn't want me here, thought Tabitha as, like a fish on a line the memory railed at its tethering to the other memories. As she drifted above the two students she saw Sam Potter place his hand over his own wand, which was placed on the palm of Fraser Blewitt's. The wand glowed white for a moment, and Sam continued to look at it, talking. "...Samuel James Potter, do hereby..." the light was fading now and the juddering was becoming more intense. That was the last image Tabitha heard before she was out of range and once again sitting on the top of the other cloud memory. No other memory-cloud had ever behaved like that. It was something new. In her Mysteriour heart, Tabitha also knew, that it was also vitally significant. The first piece of the puzzle. 88888888
"How are you, sweetheart?" Wrapped in her bed-blanket, a wam yet thin fabric which illogically kept in all of her body heat against the cold of her room, Cecilia sat, staring intently into the fireplace. It was the afternoon, the day after Severus Snape had opened the lines of communication between them again. He had explained that Regulus Black had activated it, and it was being kept hidden from the main floo network. Cecilia had been pleased to hear of Regulus; she missed Petunia and chatting to her was something which had kept her from feeling lost and alone. She wondered how well she was and how her family was keeping; Dudley had been training with Regulus and, of course, Darren was at Hedgewards with Septimus. Anxiety began to inch into her stomach and she began to pace as she waited a good half an hour after Severus's first floo, around lunchtime, for Septimus to be free, cancelling her afternoon lesson to the upper fourth, although promising that she would teach them early that evening. Hedgewards, Severus had told her, would be getting ready for the long weekend of Halloween festivities that were being planned; a Quidditch tournament; magic competitions; quizzes; broom-orienteering. The students were planning teams and organising which areas their strengths lay. House points were, of course, on offer. Septimus had been asked if he would like to speak to her during Gryffindor's preparations and Cecilia took it as a good sign that her son's face was in her fireplace speaking to her. "Good!" Septimus replied. "Do you know we are preparing for the Halloween competitions?" "Yes. Professor Snape told me. What is it you're doing?" "Cross-sky orienteering, with Darren and Julian. Rufus too, if he wants, " Septimus added, loyally. "We're good at flying, and Julian's good at finding his way. He's a bit better, mum, that's great, isn't it?" Cecilia nodded, her heart racing. A vein of happiness coursing through the granite of her dolefulness, that was how she felt about this tiny fissure back into the life of her son, her former life, her work. She was actually wanted. Or, as Severus had explained wryly, it was realised how vital she was to the defeat of conjurism that to ignore her gifts and talents was idiocy. Cecilia hadn't asked for qualification but had, momentarily, wished she could have been a bystander in Caelius Lupin's mind when he had realised that. "And how's school going, love? Are you getting on with the work? Making progress?" "Yes. I like magic. Potions is good; herbology; magical creatures. Quidditch is great too; the Lightningshot is brilliant; we can only work in our year groups, so we'll win for sure! I'm lending it to the Gryffindor's quidditch team for Friday's tournament first – we want to win. Is that OK, mum?" Cecilia smiled. So like Remus. Introverted, at the start, it took a little while to get to know Septimus. But he was likeable, determined and definitely competitive like his father, with a good dash of stubbornness to boot. "Sure it's OK by me – it's your choice, sweetheart. If it feels like the right thing to do then it usually is." "Will you be able to come? " A pause. Then, "it's OK, mum, I don't expect that you can. Professor Snape said you were helping him with helping Dad." "Have you been to see him?" Cecilia leaned towards the flame of the floo, the inconguous sensation of no heat causing her to pull her blanket closer around herself. "Because he wants to hear how you'e getting on. Even though he's asleep, his body is mending itself. He can still hear you." "I know," Septimus replied. "Sometimes the Headmaster takes me, or Uncle Kay. We haven't forgotten him." "Can you give him a message from me too?" Septimus's head bowed in a nod. " "Mum? "Yes, little Tim?" "I love you. And I miss you." "I miss you too, my darling," Cecilia replied. "And we just have to make the best of it till I can come home. I'm working hard to fix Dad, remember?" "I know. Mum, there's going to be parents next week, to watch," he added. "Will you think about us?" "I will, my darling." "Darren and Rufus, their parents are coming; Julian said his parents were coming too – to a wizard school – Julian's so pleased. And Uncle Kay's coming, so at least I'll have someone from the family." Cecilia felt her heart begin to hammer again, a sensation that a rug had been pulled out from inder her and she was falling. She hought about Ragnhild and what she had told her to do. I could come back. "I could come back," Cecilia replied weakly. "Yes, and that would be so super. But you wouldnt be able to help dad." And it was at that moment that Cecilia felt a little ashamed, especially when Septimus went on, "I'm so proud of you, mum; dad is so poorly. No-one wants to tell me, but he is. And when he's better he will be able to be with us all together as a family." It felt to Cecilia as if the whole world had paused, for the most intelligent, cleverest, most insightful words had just been spoken, by her eleven-year-old son. "Septumus, I promise I'll carry on. For you. For Dad – that's why I'm here. Oh, I'm so glad you understand why I can't come back to be with you at the moment. Your turn to promisee me something, young man."you promise me sosmthing, my beautful? "Yes Mum? What is it?" "No sneaking around before or after hours? Even if it's for the Halloween Games?" There was a "how did you know about that" pause, before Septimus gave in. "Yes mum." There was a pause. "Professor Snape said to put your hand on the edge of the flames." As the weak afternoon light dimmed through her window Cecilia rose frpm her chair before kneeling down at the now animate fire that heaven knows how he and Caelius had managed to get connected so securely to Hedgewards, but knew it had been done through Draco Malfoy's "magical research openness" policy. A dozen years after first kneeling like this, to talk to Sirius Black in her room at Hogwarts, and the weight of time seemed to be on her body. Tentatively Cecilia put her hand foward. At the interface of the floolight Septimus was putting his, and both reached out. She didn't feel her son's hand in hers, not flesh and bone, but more a sensation of a type of energy. "Did you feel that?" Cecilia pulled back her hand and peered back to the place where Septimus's head had appeared and his face came back into view. "Yes. Like a warm tickle." "I'll give you a real tickle when I get back!" Cecilia joked, smiling widely and Septimus laughed, "no, no, no, I'm big, I don't like tickles!" a phrase which he used to say when he was very small, but between the three of them meant he wanted the tickles, really. "So, back to your orienteeing plan, then?" Cecilia concluded, as she continued to smile at her son. "Your friends are going to win it?" "Us, and the quidditch team. We aren't sure about the quiz; we reckon that'll be Ravenclaw. But on aggregate, if Hufflepuff don't put out too good a show on match day, we should edge it. Rufus Lestrange is pleased because his mum's going to be refereeing the final on Saturday Mum?" "Yes, sweetheart?" "I've got to go now. I've remembered a few things we could try. Julian's still in the hospital and he needs to do it there. But he should be well enough next week to come up on the lightningshot with me. I won't be able to figure out the landscape without him." "Bye then, sweetheart. Perhaps you can floo me at the weekend, to tell me how it's going?" "Yes, that'll be great." The fire dimmed. In the dusklight Cecilia knelt, staring at the large sandstone blocks at the back of the chimney breast. A myriad of thoughts and feelings were hammering at her mind, demanding primacy to be thought and experienced first. ...and Caelius was cruel enought to keep us apart for nearly 2 months... ...a competition, fantastic – a great bonding experience... ...if I can't be with Remus, at least Septimus can... ...he's content that I'm helping his father... ...Nick's analysis is to be sent tonight...Tonks...I hope she's well...and little Freya... ...the Reciprocators... ...the shame... As she closed her eyes tight shut on the door she didn't want open the floo-fire sprang to life again. "Is eleven this evening a suitable hour for us to commune, Cecilia? Cecilia...?" Snape's voice had taken her by surprise and she hadn't answered immediately. "Severus! Sorry." She knelt back on her calves and looked at his face. "Yes. Thank you for Septimus just now. It meant a lot. And the..." "Floo-nudge," supplied Snape. "Floo-nudge. Is he well, Severus? How is he coping at school? I mean, under the circumstances?" "He is well. He is thriving in lessons, although he could do with his handwriting being neater and expanding on his written answers, but that will come in time, of course. Socially he is fitting in; as a school I feel we are coping remarkably with the daily threat of the outside life; conjurism is being contained, as I explained yesterday." Indeed, Cecilia had agreed with the measures. She had also agreed with the decision to keep the ill non-wizard children there. It was as Hedgewards had always been, sensible, inclusive...even Caelius's non-wizard policy appeared to be working to some extent, even to the pseudo-magical powers they had acquired, like herself. "And of the information I returned to you this morning?" A long evening had turned into a long night and a long morning for Cecilia. Snape had outlined the progress he had made so far with Remus's condition; that an object, or organism, or vector was vying for supremacy in his body, something which Remus's own physiological defence mechanisms were holding at bay at the moment. But it was stalemate. Snape had postulated that unless he gained help to swing recovery into his favour the vampirism condition would overwhelm and consume him, and he would be forever changed. Cecilia had, in turn, reviewed all that she could, ruled out a lot, suggested further. The de-ironisation of his blood was her initial, current idea. Vampires sought new blood, and when that was not to be, that of animals, which satisfied the physical craving, but not the bio-chemical one. It was as if the body needed to replenish the missing iron ion in the haemoglobin which, on infection, was removed, or destabilised. A similar mechanism to lycanthropy and it was from Severus Snape's own work as a 12-year old Hedgwards student (that had allowed the cure that Caelius Lupin to take a place at the school, which neither had forgotten) that Cecilia had developed it. "It has arrived but at the moment I have not had a chance to read it. I have sent the blood analysis that you requested from Nick Smith." "Thank you. I have not analysed them fully. I intend to do so before eleven tonight." "Until eleven, then." Snape's face faded from the fire. Cecilia brought her knees up to her chest and sat in the chair for a moment. Business as usual, she thought, that was the manner in which Snape had acted, and she laughed aloud momentarily. When it suited them, when it suited Caelius...there she was, as a puppet, as an automatom, ready to tick into life, when it suited him. Didn't matter the anguish...didn't matter the pain in her chest that she had been forced back to Durmstrang under threat of prosecution and Azkaban! Oh yes, when Caelius wanted it, she had to be there. She closed her eyes, and thought again at the previous evening's conversation. Snape had brought her up to speed on the Reciprocators, and the country too, that the conjurists were garnering a lot of support for their cause – amongst those intelligent enough to understand, but dim enough to follow their fundamentalism – and a lot of trouble with the ignorant wand-waving antisocial groups out to cause trouble regardless of the reason. Short on numbers, ably managed by James Potter that they were, the shifts were spread thin and wide they were being run to their limit as they coped with nightly, and sometimes daily incidents around the country. He had told her that Sirius had recovered from his mauling at the hands of the werewolf that he and Remus had encountered; his own potion, modified a little, had been just right. Snape had also, in his straightfoward, matter-of-fact manner, that Henrietta had been found dead in Germany, in the Black Forest, and although investigations were ongoing, no culprit or culprits had been caught. She had enquired of the Hedgewards children, some of whom were still ill despite the best care the school and St. Mungo's could offer and had told her of the fact that some could do magic, to a certain extent. Cecilia had revealed she could too – and had demonstrated a rather feeble levitation of a book from her table. It wasn't a lot, but she could do a little magic, and she had briefed Snape on Ragnhild's work, the genetic ability for redheads of different species to be more prone to magical ability, in the same way they were more sensitive to any stimulus – sunlight, sound, pressure, pain, temperature. Ragnhild had postulated that redheads are sensitive to magic also and asked Snape whether there was any correlation between degree of redheadness and ability to recover from illness or pseudo-magical ability, or both, something which he had said he would look into. Snape had then discussed "The Art of the Wize," the work Cecilia had liberated, acquired, procured – let's say "stolen" from Durmstrang and that Snape had told her was being analysed from Felixssohn. The chilling ending where he apparently recommended extermination of non-wizards had been omitted from the public version and Snape had said that while the book was evidently conjurist it did have a basis in fact, similar to "Wizardry", a book which gave a basic overview of being a wizard to younger readers and supported its evidence with selective facts. That "The Art of the Wize" never sought to ground itself in science was its only redeeming feature. He suggested that, while the ideas behind magic that conjurists believed, and what even ordinary wizards felt to be true were correct, they were being used and twisted so a conflict could be created, and had been so, hence the trouble that had been caused. Cecilia had been about to ask who he, or anyone else, thought might be behind it, but Snape had moved on, whether sensing what she was about to ask, Cecilia didn't know. So she was back, in the centre of it all, with three tasks to progress simultaneously: her teaching here, which meant she was in an environment where influences not available at the Ministry for Magic in Britain could be found and therefore to remain there was vital; Remus's potion and Auld Magic. She had wondered whether she could go on; whether she was able to do it with the same effort and determination as she had before she had been shamed by Freya and made into a laughing stock amongst the rest of the Reciprocators. There was a fouth – Septimus. She had to continue to be his mother, despite her distance and the nature of their relationship because of this. A floo-nudge. What a lovely thing, it was wonderful. The closest thing she could get to touching him. Wizard powers aside, for Cecilia did not really believe she actually could do magic, this was the closest thing she could manage to be with her son. Apart from Septimus's letters, and possibly Ragnhild's truth-teller near-nervous breakdown when she ranted about being apart from Crystallia, it was the most real magic she had experienced at Durmstrang, natural and honest, not corporate and staid as the school operated. And yet, nothing was in her own interest – it was clear she was a cog in all of this. But a cog that was not easily removed without the outcome being compromised, as Caelius had clearly discovered, and as such he was prepared to pacify her, to some extent. As she got to her feet, preparing to brace the cold, as she made her way out of the frigid environment of her bedroom Cecilia's thoughts lingered on her brother-in-law and she realised, despite everything she did not feel the animosity any more that had been her constant companion since she had been made to return to this rock-built, sea-encircled, cold, elitist school. Once she had finished her lesson to these future politicians, civil servants and government officials, she would be back where she was needed, where she had a vested interest. Despite her feeling aged, being so far away from the person who had accepted employment within the Order back beyond the clouds, all those years ago, the spark of adventurous potential was still there and tonight, beginning with the DNA traces of Remus's and other blood samples of vampires and non-, she would begin again. Cecilia was back to fight again. 88888888 Snape had done what he needed. Two days before the students, excited by the plans they had made about the Halloween Games, had not been expecting the Hedgewards headmaster to convene an assembly that evening. The students, magical of course, and non-magical, some of whom had been asked if they could make their way to the Great Hall, sat in awe in their house tables as they gathered post-dinner to hear what their headmaster had to say. With the exception of non-wizards who had chosen to continue their education at home already, all of the non-wizards would be returning home after the Halloween feast on 31st. Snape had chosen his words carefully. Caelius Lupin had already announced the students' departure in the "Prophet" that evening and he merely echoed his colleague's words, explaining to the students that it was always the intention of the non-wizards to be leaving and undertaking time in non-wizard schools. He explained the change in the law with respect to the previous evening; rules and regulations by which all citizens of Great Britain and Northern Ireland must adhere and which must in the name of fellowship and honour, remain upheld there at Hedgewards. Any students, Snape could hear himself saying, as he studied a DNA trace with his eye that lay on his desk, to break these rules will be isolated and punished and, should the rule-breaking be severe the student or students removed and sent home to their parents, up to and including permanent expulsion. Even a minor infringement would result in disapplication of Halloween Games and would be serving community service during that time instead. In addition, Snape recalled, as the students turned to mutter amongst themselves, all students' portable pensieves must be submitted to their respective Head of House. Quietening the students after the inevitable rumble of disquiet at the unpopular announcement. Struan Crowoot, occlumency teacher and Head of Ravenclaw had got to his feet and silently began to pace around the tables, instilling a measure of calm again. In addition, the pensieves would be reissued when the students returned home. "And now," Snape recalled himself saying, "We come to a time that traditionally holds us all to give our best fun and frivolity. In all cultures Samhain, or Halloween has been and is celebrated, through tricks, jests and light, to mark the turning of the seasons." He remembered looking at each table in turn, noting the non-wizards, even those who were ill and had been in the hospital with Madam Pomfrey "The spirits of other worlds are supposed to be able to break into ours during this time and as such we mark it with dressing up, song and dance. In the past, our communities have also celebrated with challenges and competitions and it is in the spirit of such festivities that I announce to you all this night the Games and Halloween we feel is the correct time for us all to be involved. "There will be three sets of activities: the Quidditch Plate, which of course, is always held, the tournament's final to be held on the Sunday. There is Cranium, an intellectual quiz which will be played on Friday afternoon and the Lower Hunt, a game where skill, speed, agility and cunning will be used to solve clues and find the treasure. This is for Years 1, 2 and 3 only, and only teams of each year group are to be admittted, and your teams must include a non-wizard, who will add their unique insight to the Hunt, played out on Saturday. As per tradition, parents will be invited to watch. "And so you have it. Time to prepare will be given to you during some of your lessons." At which Snape, to the room's interest and, because it had been given a good "talking to" by the headmaster himslf plus as many wizards as he could think would be able to offer it some "persuaion", he produced the Sorting Hat, who acknowledged the first year students which it had ignored on the first day and which had proceeded to recite a poem about unity between wizards and non-wizards. "It was the right thing to do." From his pigments next to the desk of the Headmaster Aberforth Dumbledore's voice rang clear and true, if a little faint. Snape looked at him, nodding. "Unity is needed, and this will achieve it. No doubt the Aurors and Reciprocators will not thank you for the extra work if parents are to be invited." "No doubt. But we are here for the students' best interest, and by allowing them something to unite in their houses with will have achieved that." He stared at Aberforth, wondering whether the wizard had ever, silently, believed that the things he had hoped to safeguard against would arise yet further still to threaten them all. 88888888 And back, now, sleep-deprived again, floating on the exultation of mental endeavour as her adrenaline flowed. A quarter to one in the morning and in Cecilia's hand she had the DNA traces in her hand that Nick Smith had processed and noted down a brief analysis. Seveal witches and wizards had been chosen as comparators; some non-wizards and two (she didn't want to know how Caelius had managed it, or Snape for that matter) vampire analyses, taken from the vein so as to not invalidate the results, one vampire originally a wizard, and the other a non-wizard. No names came with the traces, as per protocol, however she recognised Remus's immediately, having done several analyses on his while searching in her spare time for a suitable blend for the now-irrelevant wolfsbane cure, irrelevant because Severus Snape had perfected it decades before. She had asked many questions of the samples, and cross-referenced the results. It would appear that no DNA changes were happening in the vampire that caused the changes; any physical changes suggested they were at the cellular level, with subjects – victims, Cecilia reminded herself, coping with an invader in the body and producing responses accordingly. It wasn't until four that morning that Cecilia was satisfied of her analysis and had alerted Snape she had something to tell him, courtesy of a floo-nudge. And so as a result, predictably, Cecilia would admit, that her two lessons were far from satisfactory. She tangled up the process of meiosis and had to have a student demonstrate it and her teaching of enthalpy and thermodynamics to the NEWT students was little better. What she was able to do with ease, she reflected that evening, as a twenty-seven year old muggle in the wizard world was a struggle now that she had turned forty. It wasn't just the teaching, Cecilia told herself, as she thought more about the fourth year lesson. All of the students seemed tetchy about something, more on edge than usual about a thing Cecilia wasn't aware of; it couldn't be put down to exam nerves because, while many of the seventh year students were taking the internship exams in February, there were no other tests or preparations needed to be made. The exam season began in May and ended in July and it was far too early for even the keenest of students to be this agitated, and it hadn't been just one or two. Putting aside her amateur psychological analysis Cecilia rubbed her temples and thought about that evening. She would be in contact with Severus again, she expected, to discuss what she had concluded. Cecilia knew what she needed to ask the wizard, once he had heard what she had to say and, while he would get what she needed Cecilia knew that it wouldn't be easy for him. "What of any chemical tests you may need to do of these samples, Cecilia, to confirm what you believe?" Cecilia stared towards the flames, trying not to lose track of what he was saying as she fought exhaustion. "If Nick still has the samples, can he look at them microscopically, and get the images of what he sees to you, or to me? That way we can be sure that Remus – and all vampires too - are victims of a parasite, or a foreign chemical which is causing physiological changes to be brought about, rather than a change in DNA structure, which I don't believe is the case from these. Vampires do not transform as werewolves do. Would you agree that the mechanism here is more complicated." "I will, Cecilia, but it will take a little time. Nick has stored the samples, at my request. Unfortunately my duties require me to be at Hedgewardsfor the forseeable few days. The Halloween Games that you so aptly named them, are a cause of great delight and enthusiam amongst students who have seen the non-wizard children arrive, ail and grow ill. After the Games they are returning home." "They're leaving? What about a cure? What about Caelius's plan of integration?" And whatever will the "Prophet" have to say? "To the public, our line is that we had always intended the students to experience non-wizard schooling, and they are undertaking this now, returning as they will be in January at the start of a new term. Some parents have removed their children already' some will leave after the Halloween games. Interestingly, three childrens' parents have insisted they stay; they will have a better school experience, they will learn about magic and should they be ill they will have access to treatment again." Indeed. Cecilia paced her room slowly as she thought. It always had been his intention that the students left. It suited everyone that the time for this was now. A part of Cecilia's brain lit up as she thought about the ability of her brother-in-law – Caelius's skill in manipulation and spin were in a class of their own. "Severus? May I ask, when you first postulated the Universal Link, you said that it was affected because of my coming through the veil and that event verified it." A thought had occurred to Cecilia and she wanted to reason it out. "The change in background energy in the Department of Mysteries was equal to the change in energy recorded by Tabitha from just inside the veil. She had devised and perfected a method for recording changes in the aether from beyond the veil and your appearance back though the clouds to be standing flesh-and-blood caused a parallel change – the energy behind to dip and the energy relative to me increase by the same proportion. Your DNA had metabolised any energy from...whatever is beyond the veil, and returned it to the Department of Mysteries. It was the same amount as Tabitha; she and you are the only two people to have returned from behind the veil; Tabitha a weak-skilled witch; in no way a generalist, but a witch nonetheless with a skilled specialism so far in advance of anyonbe alive. And yourself, a non-wizard. I had enough information between you to discover that the Universal Link was connected by a difference in DNA, rather than anything else as physically you both caused the same response when you emerged from beyond." It was brilliant, in all senses in which the word should properly be used and Cecilia took a moment to silently salute the genius which was Severus Snape. "So, our DNA metabolises energy, as in a spell," Cecilia began, "as any student will tell, thanks to you." "Indeed." "So therefore logically, vampires are not changed genetically, or it would show on the blood traces here." "Correct. I am glad we concur." Cecilia exhaled, as her thoughts strove to override her desire for sleep. "Just a question: did you account for background magic?" "Certainly. This took the reading, as you will see for yourself on page 42 up slightly, to the megajoule region." "You worked in energy values, not in wavelength, yes of course." Cecilia did a quick calculation. She too had done the arithmetic but measuring the background wavelength pattern in terms of light being a wave, and not a particle. "If I can physically send you my work, could you check my calculation? Mine will account for any variation from being here at Durmstrang. Yours should make no difference, but yet, it does." Cecilia rubbed her eyes, hot that they were in the chilled air. It wasn't just to do with genetics though, was it? And... "...was I expected then?" "No. Snape's face formed into a smile in the floo flames. "Your arrival was serendipitous. You proved my theoretical deduction. I never expected that it would be able to be." "But it's not just about genetics, wizardliness." It wasn't a question. A well-established piece of public knowledge was the environment on magic. A little like, "5 pieces of fruit and veg", or "if you're too clean this can be bad for you." A well-trotted-out nugget that "just is". And, Cecilia continued in her head, people know that you can be prone to wizardliness, or lose your ability a little if you choose to shun magic, in the same way that you can be good at or lose your ability to play a musical instrument. "It goes beyond that, though," she continued once she'd trod the logic path to get to where she needed to be. "You said so yourself Severus. Companion plants. You can be in the environmnt and adapt to it, no matter your ability to do magic, or it can adversely affect you, such as the non-wizard students. Tell me, is there a pattern to the illnesses? Do some who are faring better, have a pre-disposition to magic in any way? Are there witches or wizards in their family?" "Indeed, Cecilia. An almost unequivocal one. The more closely related the non-wizards are to others of magic in their family the less the effect of magic upon them. And as to the point you raised yesterday, the more of the redheaded genome they possess the more resilient they are to magic and the more they can apparently do magic. But you are correct there too. It's pseudomagic. The students will leave and when they do so their ability to do magic will leave too." "So if someone with very little or no magical talent is exposed to high levels of it, it may cause them to be very ill? Or die?" Cecilia felt, in the green glow of the hearthplace, Severus Snape pause. "Indeed. We would not like to test it. Lily Potter, who has worked for so many years has investigated this at my request and historically, through the records, it would seem to be the case. Which is why in our past, wizards and non-wizards have lived separately and as such culturally evolved, with parallel interactions, but our ways of living have been different nonetheless." Which is why you, here, this place, haven't got the ability to cope with this attack. You don't know what to do about it. She thought to Lily Potter, who had openly supported Henrietta and who Cecilia suspected – more than suspected, had accused to her sister Petunia, of hatred of her. "Lily does not work in magical history for the Ministry any longer." Cecilia's weary eyes looked sharply into the flickering green. "Harry has been employed in her stead. It will suit him, with Hermione working so hard at the ministry and the two of them planning to marry next year." "Severus, suppose I wanted, no matter my predisposition, or magical environment, whether or not I could do magic, such as the magic required for me to be accepted at Hedgewards under the old criteria," she added, "it would come down to genetics." "It would. However, those other factors, although marginal, may make a difference for someone on the borderline. We have some such students every year who are accepted as wizards, have mediocre talents and yet, by being in a magical environment and with their own cast-iron determination achieve reasonably in their OWLs and NEWTs." Cecilia closed her eyes. That was her limit. They had established a platform on which to base the potion for Remus. And too, perhaps, if she was still needed for Auld Magic, a basis for this. However Cecilia had hoped in her heart that the moment she had got the transcript of "The Art of the Wize" by Felix Felixssohn to Caelius that her involvement would be over. It seemed that it had just begun. "What do you make of the research? The Art of the Wize?" "It is based on Auld Magic, as we have discussed. Professor Bugge's work on Auld Magic was translated by one of the Ministry's Mysteriours gifted in languages – that which you bought back for Caelius. This Ministry employee has since been discovered to be a double agent for conjurists on the continent, and as such has been sacked from his position within the ministry. The contents were shared under the openness agreement through magical institutions and developed by Felixssohn becoming the book whose second edition will be in Flourish and Blott's on sale tomorrow. And there is nothing that Caelius can do, though he fought for the first to be banned and copies banned from public buildings, including Hedgwards. The students have challenged that rule," Snape added grimly, and Cecilia ound herself thinking, "I bet!" "As to what Auld Magic actually is, that is still questionable, and has been very difficult to define. It is populist, and will fuel yet more conjurism; it has no basis in reason, only to describe in one place that Auld Magic is the original magic of wizards, developed from the earth, where rocks, plants, trees, the land can be manipulated by a wizards' energy; fire too and natural processes such as the weather and the seasons, to some extent. It describes the use of natural resources to allow for cures; we have come a long way with that I have to say - " Cecilia watched Severus's mouth curl up into a grin – "what does not work as a cure is merely pot pourri. A joke," he added when Cecilia did not chuckle in reply. "All of this we know. But it does not explain what Auld Magic is." "It's nothing that science can explain." Cecilia's words left her mouth and she stared intently at Snape, not the man whom she had rescued and worked with, damaged as he was from his own mistakes and the binds of loyalty inflicted by Voldemort, but the man before her now, celebrated for the skillful practitioner that he was, the great wizard, with whom she had had worked, and with whom, inexplicably, she was able to communicate science with no difficultly whatsoever. "Auld Magic is what you've described, but Felixssohn's title is closest to it. The Art of the Wize. It's an art. An ability. What wizards, and I, I suppose, a little, possess. Wizards can tap into something non-wizards can't in the world; in the universe, if you think of Tabitha. But science can't explain faith; nor the soul; nor humanity. It's an art that binds all magical things together. Now that's what the Daily Prophet should print on the front page tomorrow, when Felixssohn's book comes out, nothing less or more, because nothing less or moe is the truth. But it's how we understand what magic can do that helps us, and it's what science reasoning has done in your world since reason began." Cecilia stopped awkwardly, mainly because she felt that she had become animated and excitable, her tiredness shrugged from her as she spoke, but more because she had reminded herself, and Snape, that she had come from somewhere where magical and scientific harmony had never existed. "Conjurists will still misinterpret that," Severus Snape replied. "For they will only search for evidence that backs up their beliefs. Indeed, Albus Dumbledore, one who we have suspected of a great deal of conjurist acts over the last few months has used the argument that surely it is a kindness for non-wizards to be kept apart from wizards, for their own safety as well as not forcing non-wizards to learn something which they cannot perform nor can be practically useful in their lives. What I am telling you, Cecilia, is something of which your dear brother-in-law would not wish you to be privy." "I know," nodded Cecilia, her mind fleeting over the mental shape of Caelius Lupin, his presence feeling a little less dominant in her mind. "But that's my view of "Auld Magic". The earth magic, the fundamentals that were the origin of magic." An idea was beginning to form in her mind as she knelt in front of the fireplace, her morning lesson that she'd agreed to timetable, agreed yesterday with Sondheim after the young man's intense persuasion merely hours away. "I will endeavour to have this investigated; few wizards expert in natural laws still practise. I'll request Harry Potter's time in the Ministry archives too, to seek historical verification of what we've hypothesised. There are so many things we don't know and as such it is wise to have as much openness as possible. We cannot rule out direct attacks by conjurists and we suspect wide scale, mass provocation. We have never seen the like, in this world, Cecilia," he added, "in co-ordination and strength. Yes, there have been wars but, by and large, there has never been conflict such as we are seeing now and as such, wizards and non-wizards, our governments, our countries, are unprepared. They are scrabbling around in the dark." "You knew the other place, the place you came from. The place you wrote about. Precious few know that you really did come from there; some in the Ministry of course. Remus, for Aberforth told him, and some in the Reciprocators. Whether they truly believed it, or the implcations. You have never been able to have finality whence you came." And I so desperately want to move on, a voice in Cecilia's mind spoke in reply. "I can help. They – you – couldn't possibly know what Voldemort was like, or to live under his tyranny. I have done this before and Caelius knows it." I was put out of the way, but I am needed now; I'm an asset but still Caelius doesn't know what to do with me. He doesn't know what questions to ask, because they aren't asked yet. A politician amongst politicians. "Indeed, Cecilia." Snape's voice was patient. "You know what I have thought." When Severus Snape didn't reply, she continued, "Which is why you wouldn't make Harry's potion." Silence reigned further and, whether through tiredness of body, or relief in having someone whom she respected understand her entirely Cecilia fixed her eye on Severus Snape, with whom she had shared so much of her academic self. "I am sorry for my behaviour Severus, at Aberforth's wake." Her mind flitted to her seduction of her former colleague and she shuddered at the ignominy. "I was wrong. I have nothing to say in my defence. I didn't know what was so wrong, whether it was me, or the situation. Life felt wrong. I really am truly sorry." "What are you sorry for? I have always thought highly of you, even in your darkest hours. I am your friend, Cecilia, someone you can rely on. I will always give you honest answers. You just have to learn to accept them." "Remus." Cecilia could feel tears of relief coursing down her face. "He is not dead. What you've managed so far has kept him stable." "As I said," Severus replied patiently, "the allicium active ingredient from the garlic extract means he is not clotting as he was; his body is healing so he is getting stronger. It's the best we can hope for at the present time; I am, with my colleague in Romania, working on an antidote with which his body can fight the effects of vampirism. You have his blood trace and you've asked for a sample, for mineral analysis. You, I, we are doing all we can for Remus. Septimus knows this." Cecilia sighed. Would this, then, be what Severus Snape could have been like, minus Voldemort in the old place? Without the evil? Brilliant. Professional. Personable. Understanding. Respected by staff and students alike. Holding no grudges; taking no fools. "Tabitha," Cecilia said at length. "The Art of the Wize. That's her. I mean, you've often described how she can't reason what she's doing, she can only feel it's right. If you've got anyone who is the personification of Auld Magic and how it works it's Tabs – why wouldn't you make Harry's potion?" Cecilia, who had been pacing, pulled up sharply and gave Snape a defensive look. "I wrote to you, and asked you!" "I did. I have." Cecilia felt her defences melt again. "You never asked me for them; I thought you didn't want them after all." Cecilia crumpled to her knees, conflicting feelings racing through her mind. How had she come to this? How far had she imprisoned herself here in Durmstrang? How much had Caelius twisted her thoughts back on herself to make her believe - "I can't see them doing you much good, Cecilia, but if they'll give you peace of mind then..." In the flame, Cecilia watched as the centre paled to almost white. "Floo-nudge, Cecilia!" she heard Snape say, and she put her fingers close to the centre. "Now, take them." In the coldness of the fire Cecilia felt...at first nothing at all, and then, almost at once, something real, something heavy in her hand, something with substance, cold, and smooth. "Take them! Quickly! A lot of power to do this!" Snatching her hand back through the fire, Cecilia brought her arm towards her lap. For a moment, her foremind wondered why her skin wasn't burned away. Her eye caught the glass stopper twinking in the candle-light of her bedroom and glinting in the weak late-autumn sunshine was the neck of a vial. She turned over her hand. A vial, with two chambers to it stared back at her, one side a deep burgundy and another cloudy-white. Harry Potter's potion. One which would have made the old Harry Potter, from where she had come, lose his powers, succumb to "Avada Kedavra" and, at the same time, curse the same curse to the wizard Voldemort whilst holding in his mind his mother, the Auld Magic working in the form of human love. It was, as Snape had said, entirely irrelevant here but yet, so entirely necessary. Because it showed it was possible to exist. And if it could exist here, with enough time the Severus Snape back there could have made it exist for Harry Potter there. Of course, there was only one way to test it. But the Harry here was never cursed as a baby by a wizard who had concealed his soul in artefacts. It didn't matter. The practical use of this was never the point. She looked back at the face of Severus Snape, angular, pinched, uneasy and felt a wave of realisation wash over her. "I thought you hated me...the Reciprocators...don't they all?" "Not like you think they do, Cecilia. Hate? No. You are difficult to understand. When people can't easily fit others into their own understanding it causes conflict." "It doesn't matter." Cecilia looked down at the large flagstones on which lay the rug on which she knelt. "I resigned." "Well, Cecilia Lupin, it appears the work hasn't resigned you!" "I need to see Caelius. I need to speak to him. I will do all I have agreed, willingly. More than willingly, Severus. But if you tell me he is busy and I cannot then I'll leave this place, hang the consequences with the Azkaban dementors and I don't care. It's his choice." "May I offer him your terms?" To leave once you are both satisfied I have done enough, for Remus, for the Auld Magic, for the Universal Link...Septimus...I will be with them." "Septimus is safe here, while you carry out your work there, Cecilia, I will always make sure of that. You have freedoms there that you wouldn't have in Britain, so you are indeed playing you best advantage and in turn your presence at Durmstrang also makes you safe. "No matter what you think of Caelius, try to remember that he spoke out against halfbreeds having freedoms in this country and it is his brother who is critically ill, something which he can only hope other people can do something about, if I am to be totally frank. Septimus accepts your absence more readily than you do, Cecilia." And after all of this, all of my giving...I just want to be Cecilia Lupin, Septimus's mum, getting him dressed and checking his homework. Cheering his successes; comforting his disasters. "Do you think he will accept what I propose, Severus?" "I cannot see a problem," Snape replied, his voice steady. "But you do realise it could take months? Years?" Cecilia exhaled. Of course. Of course it could. But she had to know that she could come back to Septimus. "And it may be shorter; I have two other wizards involved in various aspects of my research; Professor Svit, in Romania as I have already said, and Professor Bonuit, in France, who I have mentioned researches natural philosphy and energy." Cecilia closed her eyes. Pierre Bonuit was cited in Severus Snape's original research in this world for the Universal Link, but, as many wizards the world over, and back in the other place, operated in the style of "backyard magic", or, like Cecilia, "kitchen sink chemistry". It was these wizards, used to selecting their own collaborators, or not, as the fancy took them, who were objecting most profusely to the magical edict from Europe that they were to share, no matter what. "I am sorry to share so much with you, Severus," Cecilia said in the end. "Thank you." "Just stick to the science, Mrs Lupin, and you will get what you have asked for, I shall see to it." And there it was. Why Severus Snape was so well respected. No lines crossed. No professionalism suspended. He was reserved, and brilliant in his work and Cecilia felt at that moment so glad that she knew thte wizard that was Severus Snape as he might have been back there, had it not been for Voldemort, unalloyed, brilliant. "Are you working tonight, Cecilia?" she nodded. "I urge you then to work speedily and with efficiency, accuracy, and above all retain your cover for things ar so ill-defined that one change in the circumstances may bring disaster. We shall speak in due course." "Thank you, Severus." "Good morning, Cecilia." The floo-flames sizzled to nothing. Cecilia sat on the floor for a good few minutes. She had waited for Snape to contact her after a night of work and yes, she had sent a piece of research on its way, her first, gone to him for corroboration. Her first step towards helping her darling husband, her Remus who she loved with all her heart and whose condition her mind would only accept as a problem to be solved. She could help him, her sweetheart, who had sought to give her another chance. And Snape would be back that evening, tomorrow, and the next, and they would continue until Remus was well. She looked down at the double-chambered vial of Harry Potter's potion as the world that morning, with fewer doubts and fears pressing, had a different flavour to it. A sweet flavour of home and peace and a future. A witch not too far away knew that too and, while she was happy for Cecilia, Ragnhild Andersson brooded on the future that she knew would come to pass. 88888888 An atmosphere the like of which had not been seen at a long time had emanated through the walls of Hedgewards on announcement of formal Halloween Games two days before. Headmaster Snape had asked for those non-wizard students who were well enough to join the rest of the school in the Great Hall. Nearly every ailing child who had been residing in the hospital wing had, to the disapproval of Madam Pomfrey. Snape had brought out the Sorting Hat, which had seemed to have regained whatever senses it had originally had prior to the arrival of the non-wizards and had proceeded to proclaim a list of competitions and tasks in its customary rhyming verse. There was to be a Quidditch tournament and the rounds would take place on the Thursday and Friday before Halloween; the final to be played on Sunday It was open to all, but only the best, of course, from each house would be chosen, and it was generally accepted that thtis would be the older students. The contest called Cranium on Friday afternoon would included metamorphism; potion-making and the Lower Hunt, only for the first three year-groups would involve a cross-country mystery where they would have clues to solve and places to visit outside the grounds in order to get the next clue. This contest was to be open to non-wizards in particular, who were to be paired with wizard students only prior to their departure to their homes on Sunday in order to continue their education for the remainder of the term – a rounded education, Snape had explained. In mystery-solving task the non-wizards could use any magic they may have acquired and, anything short of cheating or causing harm deliberate or otherwise to their opposition would result in disqualification and house points removed. "The Sorting Hat didn't say anything about no inside knowledge – I don't think anyone here would come close to knowing everything I do about geology." Julian was sitting propped up in bed back in the infirmary. He had made it down when the school had assembled but he was back to feeling weak and feeble shortly afterwards. At least his body had been. The contest was enough to make his mind work again and the two afternoons that had followed – afternoon lessons had been cancelled for the rest of that week and the next – and Septimus had seen his friend transform from an ill patient being minded in a hospital bed to a keen super-sleuth who had been studying a plan of the school grounds, its contours and rock formations with dedication to rival that of Septimus's mother. "It's to last all day? On the Saturday?" "All morning," corrected Septimus. "I expect that anyone who wants to continue and find the four things that are hidden and not lose their house points entry fee will continue until they have actually completed it, even if it gets dark. We would, wouldn't we?" "We wouldn't," retorted Julian, nodding as Rufus Lestrange approached them, his usual absent-minded expression dressing his features. "We'll be the first back in front of Professor Snape in the front quad, no problem. So early that we'll get the thousand house-point prize and the best seats in front of the quidditch pitch. We can't lose! You've got the Lightningshot; my knowledge, Rufus's..." "...own way of working things out," Septimus finished, as their friend sat by them and he turned to look at Rufus, who appeared to be wearing his outdoor wizard cape and a cover on his shoulder, stained white with what looked like... "Your owl." Rufus looked at his shoulder. "I've been training Dorielle to fetch small objects and bring them back to the owlery. She has been landing on my shoulder." "We can see," replied Julian, trying to restrain a fit of giggles. Septimus grinned too. "How's it going to help us, Ruf?" asked Julian, trying to bring the hilariousness of the situation to order. "She's only small and - " "But strong. I got her to carry a gargoyle statue from the parapet over to the owlery. Admittedly she didn't quite make it; she went down, you see." Rufus illustrated Septimus's owl's trajectory with his eyes. "Maybe after a bit more training. We could try something less sentient. The gargoyle was not happy – he's been to see the headmaster about the fact he was kidnapped." "Oh no, really?" Septimus too sought seriousness to save laughing at his friend. "I hope Dorielle won't get into trouble. It's a great idea, Rufus," he added, nodding towards Julian, who was now turning red in his effort not to burst out laughing. At least it was better than the day before when Rufus had been wandering around after them, asking seemingly irrelevant questions, such as how far away would the map be able to be read from, and would the parchment contain millet. They were used to their friend now; the questions seemed entirely relevant to him and, on occasions, he came to the most remarkable conclusions, the correct answers by the most improbable routes possible. Septimus was about to begin open his mouth to speak again when the doo at the end of the ward where Julian was swung open, then clicked closed. "Hello...?" He stared in its direction but there was no reply. "Ariella?" Julian was looking in that direction now, and Septimus turned to stare at him. Why would Julian think it was her? "Darren," clarified Darren Black, striding over to them. "Not your girlfriend, Jules!" "Nah," replied Julian, shrugging his shoulders. "It's not like that. She does come to visit quite often," he conceded, sinking back down into his bed, "but she just comes to talk. Ro Williams was with her last time. They had been collecting up and burning as much "Art of the Wize" as they could, and any pamphlets they can get their hands on. We did promise we'd fight conjurism, remember? We might have been the only ones who said we would." "Can't be easy having an idiot like her brother around," spat Darren. "If I ever catch - " "Did you come to talk about the tournament?" interrupted Septimus, tying to divert the potential furious monologous tirade into which his friend was about to burst against Fraser Blewitt. "Yep!" Darren pushed up against Septimus on the large chair next to Julian's bed, stepping past Rufus who seemed to be measuing something on Julian's bed and making furious calculations hurriedly under his breath. "Ursula Parkinson said that there were underground passages, secret tunnels under the castle. She said that her mum and dad used to go out through them when they were here, and one comes up near the Forbidden Forest; another leads to "Hogsmeade"; another near the Black Lake." Septimus shuffled to make room for Darren as their friend's dark eyes glittered. Julian, wincing as he got comfortable propped up in bed screwed up his eyes at the effort. Rufus, making a fleeting visit to Planet Real Life helped, and rearranged his pillows for him. "Thanks, Ruf," Julian croaked, the effort telling in his voice. "You were saying? Daz?" "Oh yeah, right." Darren Black grinned at the plan he'd formulated. "Well, you know those passages? I've found them. Not all of them, but listen: they get round the castle, past the stone circle perimeter. I've tried it and no-one's chased after me or put me in detto for leaving the school premises." There was a long pause. All three of Darren Black's friends were staring at him, waiting in anticipation. When the pause became idiotically long, Darren continued awkwardly. "So, I was thinking: you know how you've got to work out where these mysteries are? The things you've got to find?" "Yeah?" "Well, what if you could get there quicker? Get there before everyone else?" "We're not supposed to interfere with other contestants," began Septimus, "we've just got to send - " " - Dorielle," finished Ruf, having reverted back to measuring something on the underside of Julian's bed. "No! Don't be silly, Rufus. You said she was too small to carry anything. We've just got to send one of us. I'm a fair runner, and we can use the Lightningshot, " Septimus explained. "Rufus is going to help too, and - " "No, listen, Sep. You can only run so fast, and the likelihood is that one of you might fall off, or if someone follows you and tries to delay you..." He looked between his two friends, probably Darren Black's first – and last – moment of logical brilliance. "I've been through some of these tunnels..." "...doing what?" "Making sure that no creepy git speads conjurism around," Darren snapped back defensively. "I've been trying to keep tabs on Blewitt and Swales" he added, and Septimus was about to ask why when Julian said, "yeah! Right there with you, Dazzer! Somehow we get a message to you, and you get where you need to be and protect the mystery thing till we come and get to you." "That's about the size of it," nodded Darren. "But how?" Septimus pulled out a packet of every flavour beans and offered them round, taking care not to get any on the floor and give away their illicit visit to Julian that night. Darren took a few and Rufus dived in, pausing in his computation of the hospital bed-frame, or so it would seem. "Dunno," said Darren, reaching in for another sweet and hoping for better than horseradish. "What do you reckon?" "Dorielle," said Rufus. "Look, just come to the Owlery, would you?" Darren and Septimus exchanged looks. From under the bed Rufus T. Lestrange said, "You're better Julian, you said so yourself. Can you all manage to get up to the Owlery and I'll show you?" Half an hour later, with Rufus taking the lead through the passages that Ursula Parkinson had indeed been correct about in that they avoided the edgestones and could circumvent the usual Hedgewards procedures, Septimus and Darren, with Julian between them, travelling slower than their friend proceeded to the owlery. Rufus scaled the steps two at a time before leaping back down where the other three were taking their time. Julian, who would have gone even if he was close to death, was keeping up reasonably well and refused help from either Septimus or Darren as he wearily climbed the steps. "Just a few more!" squeaked Rufus in excited enthusiasm and he hopped between feet as they eventually stepped over the threshold into the stone roost of the school owls. Breen, who Septimus knew to belong to someone Professor Snape once knew, and had been in the headmaster's room when he had spoken to his mum hooted as if in recognition and automatically Septimus scanned around in search of his own little owl. "So?" began Julian, smiling weakly at Rufus, who knew a good deal about the habits and training off owls, sighing deeply for the walk had taken it out of him, "what's the plan?" "We don't know much about what we have to do, right?" "Right," agreed Darren. "Only we need to fly and there's be clues to solve. And it has to be mixed wizard-non-wizard teams." "It'll be in the grounds of Hedgewards," added Septimus, "so it'll be a good idea to know about the landscape, the trees and bushes, and so on." "What I thought," continued Rufus, nodding in agreement, "was that Dorielle - " he leaned forward and tickled the little owl's ears and the bird pipped in happiness – "Dorielle can fly between us." "I thought you said she was too young to carry letters," said Julian. "Besides, won't it take rather a long time to train her?" Instead of replying, Rufus appoached the wall by one of the windows that the owls used and, leaning back, fell through, still with Dorielle in hand. "Bloody hell, what are you doing?!" Septimus, Darren and Julian all leapt towards the window. Instead of seeing a deceased friend on the grass below they were astonished to see Rufus hanging upside down on a bar that was fixed to the outside wall of the owlery. He leaned up and grinned. "This is how all the birds used to be trained, a long time ago," said Rufus, pulling himself back up. "Dad said, it could take less than a week for an owl to be competent in return-and-follow commands. Now, the birds rely on one another and the process can take months. And you get lazy owls that way. Not like you, adorable?" Septimus and Darren pulled their friend back through the window and Rufus continued to grin. "So, you're planning to hang upside down outside the castle, Ruf?" asked Julian. "Anything to win, I don't care." "No need. Watch." Rufus, sitting on the windowledge still, Dorielle aloft his arm, held it out in front of him squarely. "Roof!" he commanded. Dorielle turned her head and widened her already owl-large eyes. "Well, that's brilliant, really, well done," Julian said sarcastically. "And your next trick, make her fly to the floor by carrying her down the stairs?" "No, sorry, wrong command," said Rufus, his curly black hair bobbing in the evening breeze. "She thinks I'm "Ruf". Top!" he instructed loudly, holding out his arm forward. In an instant, the little puff of feathers spread out her wings, the span much greater than Septimus had been expecting. Like an arrow the bird plunged towards the top of the Great Tower's roof before waiting and then, on the command of, "Ruf!" she flew back to the young Mr. Lestrange. Through it all, Septimus stood, amazed. He had been told the owl was not really ready to do anything and here she was, just a baby, really, following commands from his friend who clearly was an expert in these birds. "We just need to practise with her. For her to learn your names. You see, on her leg?" Rufus pointed to the small tube, tied round with a ribbon. "She's too small for letters in her beak, but she can still carry instructions. Like telegrams were sent by pigeon in the non-wizard wars. If we're trying to communicate in our task, we just need to pop a message in here and send her to someone else, whoever needs to know it. "Go to the top. Go to the tunnels. Go to the quidditch pitch. Then Darren can fly you Septimus, orr you, Julian. Julian, probably, because he knows the land forms." Septimus looked between the other two before back at Rufus, two conflicting thoughts in his mind. The indignity of Rufus that he had assumed Darren, not Septimus, would not be flying his Lightnightshot was one of those. But the forerunner to all of these, and which Septimus could tell that both Darren and Julian also felt, was that he was that despite their curly-haired, music-obsessed, strange-mannered friend's appearance, he was also a genius. 88888888 Five hours from dawn and the emergency convention of the Combined Government of the UK faced one another, simmering hostility an undercurrent of emotion from both sides. Politicians from the non-wizard parliament and the Ministry for Magic had been discussing matter after matter, case after case, issue after issue. The meeting had begun almost a whole day before, at just after breakfast, Caelius Lupin-time, which was just after 6am the previous day to everyone else and it had dragged on and on, so much so that, instead of having closed off the discussion and preparing to eat an English breakfast with his non-magical counterparts Caelius was still in conversation, as they discussed each point and disagreed on many, a worrying amount. Caelius knew what both groups's positions would be of course and as such the meting's minutes wouldn't make for pretty reading. And now, hearing the words, hearing the contexts, the failures of security, he could feel the fear that was beginning to stalk the country's populace, of all magical backgrounds. "Apologies for my directness," the Prime Minister continued, drinking heavily on what was by now an extremely essential black coffee, "but I must ask, has your experiment failed? We are having extremism, in a variety of forms – conjurists, hell-raisers, drunkards, mavericks. We cannot tell any of the wizards who perpetrate these attacks from any other; we know that conjurism exists in othe countries, but it seems to be happening here a disproportionate amount of times. And we are the only country to have admitted non-wizards to a wizard school." "With respect Sir," Caelius began, himself too feeling the length of time in discussion affecting his concentration, "there is more than one question here. If I may, I'll begin with the wizard attacks?" He rose, and the Prime Minister, his eyes firmly on Caelius as his cabinet sat besde him in silence, watched him with intent. "Many of the attacks, as you maintain, are as a result of ill-informed amateur, the chancer, who has had one two many butterbeers and, using the permission of Auld Magic as his fuel gets out onto the street and straight into trouble. Many of these incidents, and criminals of such crimes should now be deterred by way of the heavy punishments and sanctions should they do. Azkaban prison for breaking a window is an easy choice to make. "The second is the organised conjurists, and this is by the most difficult to study, its actions being directed from an unknown had and as a result hard to contain. We are doing all we can to - " "I imagine that you are, Caelius, and the Aurors and Reciprocators too. But people are dying, now. People are getting ill now.!" "As I have explained, difficult, but not impossible. We are making progress. Unless there is a significant attack, there are few leads to follow. And while we do not wish anything big to happeen it would undoubtedly be an advantage and allow many of our guesses to work out. Otherwise we would just be wasting valuable time and resources." Caelius noticed the man's face tightened a little – to the Right Honorable Gordon Brown the prospect of wasting anything, or not using it efficiently was an anathema. "As for non-wizards, there are the NWRs, the non-wizards who have chosen peaceful means to express their opinions of tolerance and understanding. Would you agree that their stance is an intelligent one?" "Indeed. Non-wizards have tolerant. However there is exptemism growing hat is a reflection of the large picture. Extremism would grow whethe the non-wizards we thee or not. And while I would dearly love to declare a state of emergency and enlist our troops in guarding the population I would agree that the low level attacks would only inflame the sutuation. We are lucky no large-scale attack has been made on the country. We cannot rule this out." Caelius stood back up again and looked at the Prime Minster. "Then we must agree to share information; our Aurors and Reciprocators with your intelligence service." "This cannot continue indefinitely Mr Lupin, you must offer us something. It is, after all, wizards who are the perpetrators." "What would you like?" "Something to assure the public." "Then begin with the laws, and the strength of might that we are imposing both after any events by locking up perpetrators or catching them before the act. We have increased our use of magic and allowed for co-ordinated force between the Aurors and the volunteers. We have organised a licencing system for hal breeds, we believe in registering them; we are controlling whatever harm they may do. Again, there are severe penalties for unregisteed half breeds." "And the matter of the non-wizard children at Hedgewards? Do you believe it was a failure?" Another skilled politician, Gordon Brown was able to swing back the conversation to the question he suspected Caelius Lupin didn't want to answer. "No. I wholeheartedly disagree Sir. Caelius was back and steering again. "We have insight into how wizards and non-wizards can work together in a magical environment. "We have done evrything to safeguard thier wellbeing. We did not, and could not have pedicted the effects and have taken steps to return students home. "They have stepped into our world and this too is a positive thing. The Halloween Games, which we have already discussed has lifted spirits still further. By allowing non-wizards to see into our world can only have beneficial results on harmony between us." "I agree. And I agree to co-operation between our forces and yours. We shall not rule out the army, air force, the navy, the marines, or any combination of our military defenders, however, it is not needed as yet." So, thought Caelius grimly, to summarise over eleven hours of discussion, we have agreed to be more open in sharing secuity department and a possibility of using the armed forces. "No!" As the ministers from both sides of the table were about to shake hands the lone voice of a witch at the back of Caelius's made everyone look her way. "You are both wrong, Caelius, to do this. And you wer wrong about the wizards at Hedgewads. We cannot do this and we must not do this." Evelyn Forteskew, one of the wizards who had spoken up against Caelius in the summer, and many times since was on her feet, speaking her point. "For a start, the half-breeds. The European ruling is that they are not given any less of a deal than if they lived on the continent, but the setup in Britain is different, and we have seen far more conjurist attacks as you point out, Mr Brown, as well as from halfbreeds than the rest of Europe put together. "I never approved of non-wizards at hedgewards as well you know, Caelius, because while wizards are having trouble defending themselves, what chance non-wizards? My own family has plenty of non-wizards who have been in our company and never shown the slightest inclination that they can do magic. Moreover they seem to be unwell soon after. What can they do about uncontrolled magic and halfbreeds? That's what the law as it stands today, should be designed to protect. "This is an anomaly, I admit. We should not have werewolves and vampires and the like able to just wander around our country with no restructions. They are restricted to a point, but what, short of giving every non-wizard policeman a silver bullet, so to speak, would make a difference? I mean, your brother, Caelius. All credit to your professionalism; this affects you more than anyone else in this room right at this moment. The room fell silent, and it took a few minutes for Evelyn's boss to reply. "Well, that might, perhaps? Everyone to have a silver bullet? They would then know that there would be a very real – final – consequence should they not obey the restructions. We would then be complying with Europe, which, of course, is vital at this time." Caelius turned to the non-wizards as a group, who were waiting for the Prime Minister to reply and, before they could, he continued. "Things are moving fast, ladies and gentlemen." He felt his brow tighten. Not long now and h would need Snape to make his own special version of the wolfsbane potion that kept his mild, but uncomfortabl, symptoms at bay. "Only three months ago, in the summer, we had an idea there was such a movement as conjurists and now it is spoken about in everyday conversations by wizards and non-wizards alike; young and old. The threat potent, it has risen quickly, it is is as serious as it is real and if not handled with care and cleverness it could go badly wrong." "Aye," agreed Gordon Brown, his cabinet nodding in agreement with his assertion. In reply, Caelius looked at his ministers who, as one, declared, "Agreed." "Therefore, then, let us make our own arrangements, Prime Minister, for the communities we govern, and reconvene early on Sunday." 88888888 The memory-cloud that had ejected her Tabitha Penwrirght had probably only ever seen once before. It had occurred when a test memory had been introduced by the Head of the Reciprocators, Gregor. The memory had bunched up around the others, as this one had done, and caused a ripple effect, as if the memories were hard and the introduced memory had knocked against it. She had postulated then that the memories that were there to start with were protecting themselves, for Gregor had introcduced a false memory, one which had been dreamed up to be deliberately untrue. This memory must also be untrue, a false memory put in a pensieve and allowed to drift here – not that the perpetrator would know that. Her original one, containing little, had ebbed away without disturbing the others a great deal. This one was causing lots of movement and jostling, so much so that a mechanical wave had been set up knocking the true memories backwards and forwards as the wav reveberated. Tabitha was heading in the direction of the wave. She had to find out where it was headed. In another pensieve, as cold as it was massive, Albus Dumbledore watched that false memory too, with interest.
88888888 The fireplace in Cecilia's room flickered. Greenish and slightly transparent, Cecilia looked over to it, wondering why, at seven in the morning, Snape would want to speak to her so urgently. Perhaps it was Septimus: Cecilia felt her stomach tighten in anticipation as she made her way from her bed, it having been slept in overnight for once, accompanied by her blanket, cold as the early morning was. She shivered as the indistinct head of the person making contact flickered with the flame, a real fire being unable to be lit while a floo connection was being maintained was one of the drawbacks of more ancient chimneys. "Severus?" The features were becoming more distinct and Cecilia felt her stomach clench and her hopes sink into it as she made out the features of her brother-in-law. Tiredness and weariness were what Cecilia noted that Caelius's face betrayed and she wondered why she was being honoured by being visited when he must have had so much to do at the Ministry. "Good morning, Cecilia." Caelius's words were careful, though not overly restrained and Cecilia noticed what seemed to be a genuine smile as he spoke. "I trust you are well?" "Cold," Cecilia admitted, trying to yawn as civilly as possible, "but well. You, Caelius?" "Yes, yes," he nodded. "I have just come from a Ministry meeting. I shan't be long, Cecilia, for I have urgent businss which needs my attention. I will come straight to the point. "Severus Snape gave me your answer to the question of Remus's potion. That, once solved, you wish to return to Dalton Drive?" Yes. Cecilia nodded at the question. "Yes," she echoed. "Though not necessarily to Dalton Drive. To be near Septimus. To be with Remus." "Indeed." Caelius's lips shaped the word; there was no expression behind it. "You shall have that." "I can return to be with my family?" Cecilia repeated. Caelius, clearly worn from whichever ministry work he had been completing was not giving her a lot of confidence in his answers and this was confirmed when he snapped back a "Yes!" "And it is a promise you can keep, Caelius?" she insisted. Cecilia needed to be clear on the detail. She gave detail, and it was necessary in her science-work; in all science, whether biological or chemical. Detail in the method as she journeyed to her unknown destination using whichever tools she could. As such, she knew, she had a good deal to bargain with. "Yes." Caelius's tone had softened a little; he was now talking to her as if she were a child which meant that he had conceded a point. Besides, he didn't look particularly well, which wasn't surprising really, with what he had to deal with. "In so far as I can; notwithstanding being able to see into the future. Ask Ragnhild Andersson about that." And was that a hint of humour? Cecilia felt her defenses ease and she watched as a hitherto unknown expression crossed her brother-in-law's features, one which took her by surprise in the greenish glow. Perhaps that's not a bad idea, Cecilia also felt an afterthought add in her mind. "Do you really feel you can solve the potion, Cecilia, for Remus? I mean, you have been at Durmstrang for a good deal of time, and have sent a vast amount of information to Severus Snape. This has helped our cause, against conjurism, and I feel when you are in contact with our specialist about the Art of the Wize their work has already been well advanced." Lily, Cecilia mused. She knew that Lily Potter had been delving into its history. So. Lily would be in touch. So like Caelius to talk about, "our specialist" and not name her. It was a wonder he wasn't talking about Remus as being, "his brother". Cecilia's mind was invaded by another name as it mulled over that of Lily Potter. Whatever their differences, whatever Henrietta had done to her and how she had treated her, Cecilia could not feel anything other than pity for the ambitious witch, that she had died working for the job she loved. In fact, it was almost a privilege, fighting for what you believed in. In fact, wasn't that worthy of admiration? Wasn't that what she – Cecilia – was doing? "Certainly I can talk to Lily. But I can only tell her what I have already shared with Severus. Plus anything else I glean from here. You have the wizard at Hedgewards who wrote the book and you've translated it. "And it's being published today; Felixssohn has managed to get it past the Ministry under a technicality of being conjecture. I have already put forward a countermeasure regarding public safety and security, but it will take a good week for it to be heard by the Ministry and also by the non-wizard government. Were I to make it an emergency measure it would only heighten interest and draw attention – sensationalise the work even more." "And I am sure you are able to manage things just fine, Caelius," replied Cecilia, generously, looking over to her bed where the two useless potions that Snape had sent her were lying, wrapped carefully in cloth and laid to rest. "As for Remus, I am working as hard and as fast as I am able; I too don't wish to draw attention to myself and it is fortuitous that Severus has been in touch, that I am able to discuss my findings with his expertise. And that I can see Septimus..." her voice trailed off as Cecilia's words were replaced with pictures of her beautiful son in her head. "Then this is the best we can do, and it is indeed the best," Caelius added, and Cecilia felt her face harden, doubt freezing in her features. "We all do love Remus, and we too are all fighting for him." "Yes, Caelius. Thank you. And I do hope you manage to rest. We need you too," she added. The fire dimmed and, as the morning sun edged its weak rays through the window of her room and reminded of her lessons that needed to be taught that Saturday morning. Had that really happened? Had the great politician, that Machiavelli of this magical world really confided in her as it seemed to Cecilia he had? Perhaps this too was part of a big plan, one to bend her to one cause or do his will in another. She looked over at her bed again and her thoughts drifted to Severus, and the genuineness of her dialogue with him. If Severus Snape was able to make her feel that at peace then whether Caelius had manoeuvred her into a corner was irrelevant. Her work was still the same and, one way or another, whether Caelius came good on his word or broke it Cecilia would be with Septimus and near Remus and her brother-in-law would not be able to do much about it. 88888888 "You have confirmed with Cecilia that she will be returning home?" His third meeting in the space of twenty four hours, and nearly forty hours without a wink of sleep and Caelius knew it must be his last if he were to get through the Ministry work and cabinet briefings later that afternoon. "Indeed. She was most cordial about it. It is good, I think, in such uncertain times that we can rely on Cecilia now." "You say there is no progress with Remus's condition as of this morning?" In his dark grey robes, stained a little with dirt and wear of the last two days, Caelius sank down into the chair at which Snape was gesturning. "None as yet, nothing definite. However he has not changed in his condition. Whether this is a good thing or not, I cannot yet determine. That Cecilia will work with you, Severus, that is a blessing. How are the children at this present moment? How are the non-wizards?" "All of the students here are occupied, both wizard and non- on the tasks set for the Halloween Games. They have been left to their own ingenious problem-solving devices and are even now, such is the hour before even their breakfast, practising spells, devising plans and huddling together to work out their strategies, or so I have been reliably informed by their heads of house. Perhaps teaching has missed a trick, Caelius, in that it all should be discovery-learning." Snape curled his lip a little in response to his own sardonic humour but it took a good deal of effort on Caelius Lupin's part to even break into an acknowledging smile. "She has sent what was needed," continued Snape, aware that Caelius's visit was not in the capacity of either minister for magic nor head of the reciprocators. "It has cut down a lot of my own trial and error. We have an agreed hypothesis, its validity checked with my colleague in France. It is lucky that Draco Malfoy has deemed it vital we collaborate – it makes things a good deal easier for us as long as we produce results." "What results does Strasbourg require? For yourself, Severus?" "Merely that we are indeed collaborating. As samples of our correspondence are being taken directly to Draco Malfoy himself, rather than to any particular specialist then I suspect that it is just the fact that we collaborate is the important point rather than the nature of our dialogue." "I wouldn't be too certain, Severus. I attempted to ascertain the whereabouts of the elf, a mysteriour, who translated the original "Art of the Wize" from Norwegian for us. We have conclusive evidence that he was also behind the break in and robbery of certain artefacts from my office last month. When we went to the mysteriour office to arrest him Gregor informed Mick Mullen that he had gone to see his family in the Alps and wouldn't be back until the Autumn. We traced him to Strasbourg. But the trail has gone cold." He leaned back in his chair, nursing his temples with his fingertips. Severus Snape flicked his wand to apparate a glass of water for Caelius, and the minister nodded, his eyes still closed. "Are you taking your medication, Caelius? You do need to rest with the wolfsbane, you remember that?" "Yes indeed," Caelius replied, taking the water and trying not to snap at Severus. He had indeed been missing his bitter-tasting tablets and should indeed have made sure he had had some. A glass jar appeared next to the water that Caelius had been given and he looked at them, and then back to Severus Snape. "Thank you, old friend. I always have a good deal for which I grateful to you." Severus Snape took a few steps towards Caelius, before stopping, trying not to hurry the discussion. Both needed to catch up with a few things, but the progress and depth to which Caelius was able to speak was hampered by his werewolf-symptomed-induced lethargy. "Shall we speak when you feel more yourself, Caelius? We do have a good deal still to discuss?" "Thank you, Snape, for your kindness. I have other Ministry work to which I must attend. Shall we be brief?" "Indeed. You asked about Sam You wished to know whether he has continued with his further tuition which he will need to apply for his internship in January to the European Parliament?" "I did." "He has attended all sessions that Minerva has arranged, as has Fraser Blewitt. Both candidates are equally suited and will be equally qualified to apply for the internship. It is a pity that there are is only one British place available." "Both candidates must prove themselves," nodded Caelius, "and I am sure they will impress their talents and abilities upon a dozen european panellists. Now, you in turn, asked me about Floo security. My answer is yes, it is as secure as I can possibly feel confident. Regulus Black has arranged it." Snape paused, himself reaching for a glass, which he had made silently appear next to the one he had offered Caelius, and took a sip. In that case, he mused to himself, the network was watertight – there was nothing Regulus Black didn't know about the network and, with regards to building untraceable connections there was no-one second to Sirius's brother. "We are indeed safe," nodded Snape, and was about to continue when Caelius leaned forward out of his chair and gripped him around the wrist, staring at him, his eyes bloodshot from continued self-denial of rest and sleep, of constant worry and unresolvable problems. "And it must be, for all our sakes!" His words were gasped and, while he – Severus Snape – continued calmly and professionally, he couldn't help but think how it was that he had never seen Caelius like this, so far removed that he was from his usual smooth, unflappable self. "She must," he echoed, as his voice trailed quieter. "I was wrong, Severus, to send her away. I should have treated her with more kindness. We provoked others to pick at her faults too." "Henrietta?" "Cecilia expressed sorrow for her passing. I mentioned that Lily would be in touch regarding the historical contexts." He fixed his expression on Snape again. "Lily must do her bit, regardless of her reluctance and preoccupation with...whatever it is that James thinks is the matter; he has not confided to me. Cecilia must have all the knowledge and understanding that we possess at her disposal, and she is as safe as she can possibly be out at Durmstrang. We have spent immeasurable time and resources to make it so, and only Cecilia alone can break through the opposition's attack." And she knows it, thought Snape to himself. She has just about reasoned it alone: she has stopped fighting her position now she knows it is one of strength rather than weakness. Aloud, he continued, "when I spoke to her she knew what she was doing, Caelius, and was happy to do so. You said so yourself that was an easy conversation to have." Caelius looked confused at Snape for a moment, before nodding, as if a lagging memory had just fropped itself into its waiting neural space. "I am concerned, Severus," Caelius went on, "about the publication of the book. It will disturb a lot of people. It couldn't have come at a worse time, what with the deaths in the Alps and the German Black mountains. People want evidence onto which they can hang their ideas and they have lost faith in what we tell them. While I remember..." He leaned forward and handed Snape a thick bundle of parchment. "For you. It appeared in my office yesterday. Cecilia," he added. "A delay of about three weeks." "Thank you," Caelius replyed, eyeing the work critically. "Despite her fastidiousness I fear most of it is irrelevant now, considering our remarkable progress in just over two days." "There is trouble again in the east, Severus," Caelius continued slowly. "We know little about it, but I suspect that it is derived from Albus Dumbledore. It is containable – I hope – but Felixssohn's little book doesn't help. Our numbers in the reciprocators are strained as it is, and that would be alright if the little capacity I built into the wizards and witches covering the country did not account for said colleagues having their own paid work to do, and families to look after. They cannot sustain such intensity and get the job done effectively. I must think of another way. It is believed they are communicating using a hitherto unforeseen loophole in the pensieve system that we are yet to overcome. We suspect a terrorist attack," he added, almost as an afterthought, but Severus Snape had never seen his colleague in such a state. He did indeed need his rest. "The reciproctors will prepare, as they always do," Snape added, sympathetically. "I had speculated myself and too have made plans for the students. Nearly all of the non-wizards will depart after the Halloween Games. Hedgewards will provide its unique protection should the school come under attack for the young witches and wizards who remain." He watched the expression in Caelius's face change as he shifted in his seat. "Auld Magic," he whispered, nodding to himself. "It all comes back to that. And now, yes, I will indeed rest. You must contact me Severus, should any issue of urgency arise." Pensieves being used to control thoughts, Snape thought, though pound to a penny its them controlling the conjurists - thoughts transmitted subconsiously as messages passed. Good news that TWITs were becoming more popular and the floo network was in decline. When the time came, it would make a mass uprising easy. "I will contact you, Caelius. You must rest," he added, shifting his weight between his feet. "For you are also vital. You must keep your health." "One last thing, you asked about the pensieves here." Caelius got unsteadily to his feeyt, raching out or the medication that Snape had prepared for him. "That the non-wizads who are able are going home, that the students may communicate with one another – yes – I see no reason why they may not gain access to the network again, however they must be aware that their connections will be monitored as a matter of course by the ministry for reasons of security." "I shall make it known," Snape replied. "Now, before you rest old friend, any word on Tabitha?" "None," nodded Caelius, withdrawing his wand. "As it should be," replied Snape, half to himself, as Caelius stepped wearily to the fireplace under the past headmaster and headmistress pictures. "You really should try to get yourselves organised," chided Aberforth from his frame as Snape began to step towards the door to his office. "I left the two of you an easy job, or so I thought." "So we all thought Professor," replied Snape to the former head of the reciprocators and Hedgewards' No. 1 headmaster to have the best beard (as voted for by the previous years' NEWT student leavers). "So we all thought." 88888888 "What do you say, Sirius?" "I have to agree with you. Relucantly, I will add." Sirius's bed was no longer in the living room at Grimmauld Place. The werewolf survivor was now able to walk a little and get around with help downstairs, which meant he could do his bit for incoming and outgoing reciprocators as they went about their gruelling shifts. It would probably have been better for either head of the movement to have discussed the announcement that they had jointly signed and sent to headquarters that evening than the missive, in dark brown ink on parchment. In his opinion, James Potter thought the message too controversial to rely on the judgment of its recipients given the past history of said subject of the message. "Reluctantly? The woman is mad! Caelius sent her to Durmstrang for her own good – and or ours! What's he playing at bringing her back to us now? " "I would imagine he has little choice." Twelve hours on his feet walking the city streets and suburbs of Manchester, on call to attend any affray reported to the aurors, or offer assistance. His head ached. Any thought of devising strategies to assist in easing their burdens James had dismissed – he had neither the time nor the impetus. "And I say it is a big mistake. She has caused so many problems by being here in the first place." "Lily..." James was about to discuss the matter further when his wife got to her feet. "That's just my opinion," she huffed, annoyed, then added, I've got to go," much to the surprise of her husband and James widened his eyes as he was about to ask her to remind him of her destination as he had surely forgotten. "I said I'd help Harry ready for next week," came Lily's reply to her husband's unanswered question, "and, to be honest I just don't feel like sitting round here hearing how brilliant Cecilia Lupin is when her husband is lying...when Henrietta is..." She looked down, her face crumpling. James got to his feet and pulled her close, burying what he could of the beginnings of her sobs. "It's OK...go to Harry...give him my love too. Tell him we are really looking forward to Saturday, and going with him to Hedgewards." Lily sniffed into her sleeve before looking between them both, a little defensively. Now was not the right time to tell her Severus's plan to have her liaise with Cecilia regarding Lily's research into Auld Magic. James sat back down next to Sirius, the papers detailing that week's shifts blotted with crossings out and amendments in red and blue ink, his brow wrinkling with tension. "She knows nothing of what Caelius wants?" Sirius leaned in towards his friend. "What Severus wants," James corrected. "He wouldn't have suggested it if he didn't think it was vital. He has enough to do with the non-wizard students leaving." "Do you think that it is a sensible course?" Sirius shifted uncomfortably in his chair, a discomfort that felt as if there was an un-scratchable itch working its way down his spine, and had been annoying him for several days. "On the whole. He couldn't very well risk causing them harm if he thought they were getting ill from being at Hedgewards. They have done a few weeks at least, so Caelius's objective of non-wizards experiencing the school has been met at least in part. At least that's better than them having never been." "Better?" Bathsheba Braddle, just back from her own intense twelve hour watch, having clearly overheard them talk as she apparated by the stairs sighed as she sank into a chair opposite both James and Sirius. She nodded at Sirius before nursing her head as she yawned the yawn of a witch under strain. "Better James? What if there starts being fatalities amongst the students? What would the Prophet make of that, never mind the non-wizard media? Not to mention the conjurists; I'm sure they'd have a field day!" "Fatalities?" "If Severus's suspicions are true," said 'Sheba, noding her head. "Neville was telling me about the work that he had been doing with the plants at Hedgewards." Bathsheba Braddle was Neville Longbottom's godmother and she smiled as the realisation that she may know something they didn't played on both James and Sirius's features. "He was telling me that Severus had told him that there are many accounts of non-wizards living with wizards, or in close proximity talk about short life spans with the ability to do magic. It would seem that it is some sort of auto-immune defence system which leaves the body open to illnesses." "Wow! Neville did tell you a lot!" "Well, no, not really," Bathsheba looked a little sheepish as she leaned forward. "He showed me a document that Severus had shown him – Lily had written it: didn't you know that, James?" "Probably when she was researching Auld Magic," James conceded. "I've enough to do here organising us reciprocators, let alone my Auror work. She used to tell me lots of things – we've just got so busy I can't even remember a time when we were at home together, let alone able to have a proper conversation. Did the work say anything else?" Bathsheba drew herself to the edge of the chair she was sitting on now, and looked at James intently, her spiral, telephone-cord curls bobbing as she spoke. "It isn't the magic that kills directly, it's eventually. Which makes sense," Bathsheba added, her own opinion coming into play. "And it's why non-wizards held witches and wizards in suspicion, lived apart from them, drove out and persecuted those in their communities whom they believed to be witches, I suppose." "It does make sense," agreed James as Sirius laid back against the settee, trying to relieve an ache that was beginning to creep across his shoulders. "You all right, Sirius?" to which his friend nodded untruthfully. "Neville said that Severus had told him that because wizards in our country we are spread out and magic isn't as concentrated, non-wizards have medical advances – " "- and we have forgotten the effects of magic on non-wizards," finished the original quoter, his deep voice reverberating around the reciprocator headquarters living room, "despite the noble cause that is integration," he added. "I came with this." In Sirius's direction Snape waved a small amber vial in the air. "Wolfsbane," he explained. "I wanted to get this to you as soon as possible. "How do you feel?" "Achy," nodded Sirius, "and rather tired." "Yes, Caelius felt like that this morning. "I've just overseen breakast and the students sre preparing for the games." "And what does Caelius feel about the non-wizards going?" "Accepting." He threw the second potion to Sirius who caught it and prised off the stopper with his thumb. Gripping it, he slugged back the liquid only to gag violently. "If educational inclusion is to work. But we would be acting unethically if we suspect a situation may be causing some of the pupils in our care to suffer. They cannot remain even if in doing do it may prove a hypothesis." "What the – hahk-hkk – is this?!" "Wolfsbane," Snape repeated simply. "It won't take long till you feel less unwell." "It's good to see you, Severus." Bathsheba, fatigue making her lean back into the chair now as she rested. "How are the rest of the students? And yourself?" "Well," he nodded. "I wouldn't be here now only the Heads of House are overseeing the students plans for the Halloween Games. Now, do you feel any better yourself, Sirius?" "I do," Sirius nodded. "I thank you, Severus," he added, before frowning. "You're in contact with Cecilia now – how is she? I mean, will she be able to get hold of something which will help Remus? Or help you help him? I can't bear the thought of my being alright, or as alright as I can be while he's stuck in hospital still, with no end in sight." "She has new hope to drive her on her purpose. Isolation has helped her enormously. And shielded her from events in this country. Cecilia is able to solely focus on her work, and yes, that includes everything she can concievably do in helping her husband." "What purpose is that, Sirius?" Bathsheba, wrapt in the conversation that was unfolding in front of her sought clarification. "That of recovering her family life: Septimus and Remus being at the very heart of this. I am sure Caelius would not object to me telling you this, nor Cecilia herself." "And Caelius has agreed to this?" "Indeed. It was his suggestion. And she needs all the help she can get. I was hoping to speak to Lily, James, if she is here?" "No, she's not, Severus. And I don't think now is the right time to talk to her. She has provided you with enough. But she is still distraught over the death of Henrietta. We all are, of course. But she has lost her best friend. It was bad enough just knowing about Cecilia working for us again, but it has brought up the past. And, of course, Sam's imminent try-out for European internship...she's nervous for him...and its where Hen was." "Well, she needs to put that behind her James," said Sirius, unexpectedly. "Harry's taken over the work – can he help, Severus? Then Lily has no cause to get herself worked up about Cecilia and she can get used to the idea that she's working to help us all. Harry will have no emotional investment. Lily's in a unique position, a crucial position and hating Cecilia won't bring Hen back." "Halloween Games?" Bathsheba, aware that James was about to argue in defence of his wife, leaned towards Severus Snape. "The students are competing with one another, in Quidditch mainly, and problem solving and teamwork." The voice came from Mick Mullen, he too had been out on shift that evening and was leaning by the frame of the kitchen door. You 'right, James?" "Ye. Reckon so." "And Harry's having his party, of course. Next Saturday, isn't it?" "Ye." James looked at Bathsheba, questioningly. "You're invited too: all the reciprorcators are. We'll wizard the HQ as usual of course, on a rota, but Merlin knows we've worked hard enough. A break will do us good – I know I am looking forward to watching the orienteeting. And then the quidditch final's on straight afterwards." "Saturday you say?" Mick Mullen strode over to them, smiling as he caught several of their glances, his outdoor robes damp from the evening's rain. "The 30th? Doesn't the Halloween quidditch match take place on, well, Halloween?" "Didn't you know about the Halloween Games?" asked Bathsheba of the auror, usually the most well-informed of the reciprocators doubtfully. "Of course. But, you'd thing you'd stick to tradition," he qualified, looking mock-accusingly at Snape. "The order of the games has altered that," replyed Snape, not rising to the impish jocularity of the elder Mullen twin. "The non-wizards will return on the Sunday. In addition Saturday is a better day for families to attend." "Are all the non-wizards leaving?" Bathsheba looked up intently at Snape. "I've been trying to follow this up with the non-wizard newspapers but I really can't find anything that's been reported. I was expecting there to be at least some negative comments." "Yes, you'd think so," agreed Snape. "However, to be frank most non-wizard parents have witten in to offer support. Just two non-wizard students went when they first became ill and one of those seeks to return." "That's going to be a good thing, when Mrs Lestrange gets her way then? Quibball can't be played just with wizards." Mick, sipping deeply from his cup grinned as he was greeted with looks of quizzical incomprehension from Bathsheba, James and Sirius. "C'mon, Severus, let us in on the plan," insisted the latter, when Mr Mullen the elder fell silent. Snape glared at him for a moment before looking back at the other three reciprocators, their exhaustion replaced with a spark of intrigue. "In January, we are trialling a new sport. Madam Lestrange is introducing Quibball." "Quibble?" "Quibball," corrected Snape, giving Mick Mullen another stare of disapproval. "And we are not at liberty to discuss it. Madam Lestrange, in her capacity of Minister for Sports, has her anunciation speech prepared for just before Saturday's quidditch game. She will not be happy that we even know its name," he added, rebutting the anticipated begging for information, mainly from James and Sirius, which is the reason that he knew Mick had mentioned it. "So I take it that you will all be at Hedgewards on Saturday?" "Indeed. We wouldn't quibble about that, would we, James?" "No, would hate to let the side down," he replied, deliberately missing the point. Sirius rolled his eyes at his friend's unwillingness to play along. "Will you be staying for supper, Severus?" James got to his feet and made his way towards the kitchen. "Molly Weasley has cooked a small supper for us Overnighters. I am sure there will be more than enough to go around." "Sadly, I must decline," Snape replied, following James's path to the kitchen. "I must return to Hedgewards. Would you be kind enough, James, to contact me when Lily has returned? It's vital that I liaise a contact with her and Cecilia." There was a slight pause, before James nodded. "I do not know how long she will be tonight, but I am certain it will be no later than tomorrow. I expect she will be grateful to discuss Sam's progress at the same time." 88888888 Thursday. The day had been hard going. Cecilia's mind on her work, coupled with lack of sleep and students silently demanding the perfection of the lesson she was supposed to be teaching was not a good combination. Remove one of those factors and Cecilia was sure her lesson would have been successful. Teaching the process of evolutionary biology and mixing up the dominant and recessive genes as she did so was just one of the mistaks she had made. It had been her first lesson with the fourth that week. The school was divided, not by age or by any means ability, but by position in the tower, which depended upon chance entry. Upper tower alternated teachers with lower, and were opposing quidditch teams. Not that a great deal of the sport was encouraged and, when it was played the emphasis was on mental and physical fitness rather than the cameraderie and sportsmanship that Hedgewards' quidditch was played. The students here were good at quidditch – rather, they were extremely skilled at it, which made them pretty average when it came to one another, but pretty formidable opponents when playing other teams, even the professionals. Her upper fourth lesson had consisted of too many tiny mistakes, ones which couldn't easily be glossed over given the keenly brilliant minds that sat before. And Cecilia knew exactly the reason why. Like a new-found crush that had bonded itself to her mind the two potion vials which lived in her suitcase were taking up a good deal of her mind and it kept wandering, rather than focus on the task in hand and, as she sat with her work around her she vowed she would be entitrely focused on her work when she was teaching for, while she had recovered well, Cecilia knew she owed it to her profession never to get that exhausted again. For it was sleep which was the only factor she had under her control. A lot of work, thought-provoking, potentially future-changing work. But she had to be here to do it successfully, with the facets that this school offered to do it, not least the cold, isolating existence. And she must be ready to receive, process and assimilate information by whichever means it came, whether from other teachers here; Lily Potter, or whoever from the reciprocators who would actually be in touch; students who actually asked tangentically insightful questions which often made her think about her research – even when she was committing her own thoughts in mind-numbing, deliberately detailed prose. And Severus Snape, who was working as hard as she was, and managing Hedgewards at the same time. It was such thoughts which were driving Cecilia to put down her parchments and quills and get to her bed, to rest her mind and start afrresh the next day. She could put her mistakes behind her and start again, and also, she told herself sharply, that getting angry with herself that other people were in worse situations than herself and that actually Cecilia Lupin was in quite a strong position and she had better not forget it would not help matters one bit. As Cecilia made her way across her room to her bathroom, emerging ten minutes later feeling much better, her mind considering whether she would be able to speak to Snape tomorrow about her idea for physical science connections to her work, and to Remus's potion, namely energy levels in the cells, which is where she had begun back with Harry's potion in the other olace, her eye was caught by a flash of green in the hearth place. Pyjama'd and dressing-gowned, she knelt before it, waiting to see who it was who wanted her, the hour not being late and Snape in particular knowing that her habit was to work late. She watched in the dimness of the candle flame as the flash passed through the hearthplace again and Cecilia knelt closer and hissed in a whispered shout, "who's there?" Another streak, and Cecilia's heart began to beat a little faster. Maybe Snape had brought Septimus up to his office to speak to her. She leant closer still and whispered a "hello". As she did so, a face appeared, outlined in the green glow and she tried to pick out the features. "Hello?" she said again, trying to guess at the appearance. "Severus? Lily?" Cecilia added as the face came more into focus as one might an old television set, wobbling a little as the viewer adjusted the tuning. "Cecilia?" At her name, Cecilia stared harder at the image, though it was difficult to see who was there. "Yes?" A woman's voice was the one to which she now replied and Cecilia could feel her heart quicken, as well as sink. Was this the moment she had been bracing herself for, which is why she couldn't teach well today? The encounter which had been on her mind since Caelius, and then Severus had mentioned it. "Cecilia?" It repeated. Cecilia relaxed a little with relief. It wasn't Lily Potter. But...if it wasn't her then, who was it, locating her on probably the most secure Floo connections in the world. "It's Cecilia," she replied more definitely. And then the image clicked into view, as if the caller had fixed on the correct frequency of light and Cecilia felt her heart begin to melt. "Petunia! But why...? How...?" "It's good to see you, Cecilia. You look well." "Fat you mean, Pet," Cecilia corrected her friend on the meaning of the euphemism. "I keep snacking on the wrong things. As usual," she added. "But never mind me, how...? Why...? It's been so long since I've seen you!" "Well, Regulus was the one who established your connection," Petunia went on, her friendly face smiling back at Cecilia. "There has to be some perks, even if we abstain from magic most of the time. Are you keeping well?" "Considering," admitted Cecilia. "I have been worse. It's been good to be able to be of use, and not felt..." "...disposable," finished Petunia, not being able to avoid her empathetic nature. Cecilia nodded. "But, how is everyone? Darren? Dudley? You and Regulus?" "We're all well. Regulus has just turned down a managerial position. Too many hours. We are in the lucky position that we can. You know we try to be involved as little as possible with the wizard world. He's trained Dudley...Dudley's qualified with British Floo now. But he's not took up a job with them – he went into the portable pensieve business in the summer; making a lot of money." "Oh I am pleased," enthused Cecilia, meaning it. It was always a boon to hear good people getting on, especially this branch of the Black family, who had not so much shunned magic, but chosen not to embrace it. "How are the others? The reciprocators?" She broached the subject with caution; as Lily's sister and obviously having blood ties with that respect; with Regulus being Sirius's brother, they weren't entirely without connection to the past which Cecilia preferred not to think about. "Under pressure. The country has become more aware of conjurism, and as such magic and non-magic have become more heightened over these past few months." "Just as the conjurists want, of course," added Cecilia. "Even I could have told Caelius that ignoring them, or trying to oppose them would result in what the conjurists want most – recognition. Come to think of it, I think I did tell him." "I am sure you did, Cecilia. But as you know, even if it were himself coming back in time to tell Caelius Lupin that deliberate student integration and forced collaboration would backfire, politically at least, he wouldn't have believed himself." Cecilia could see her friend smiling – she did too. How like Petunia Dursley that she could make her see a view of things in such a way that made total sense? That would make her feel less vulnerable to, at the very least, her own self-doubt, and in such a way that would appear that Cecilia would have come to the conclusion on her own, given time? Such was the power of the empathy-giving witch. "How about everyone else? Tonks?" she continued, further into potentially dangerous territory. "She is well., but again seems to be under a lot of pressure. Freya is still with them, and in a good place, too. Tonks says she has begun studying; she wants to make something of herself. What she wants to do Freya has yet to decide. But a positive move, I think you'll agree?" "Yes," nodded Cecilia, another worry ticked off her list. "A pity; was getting used to her visiting," Petunia added, her eyes closing momentarily in the flame. "She's not seeing Dudley any more?" "No; they have parted company. But I know Tonks is keeping a very close watch on her. She has matured and grown up this last year and a half. I know she particularly wants to see you, Cecilia." "Then it shouldn't be long; Caelius has promised that I will return as soon as my work here is done. Then I can be with Septimus; with Remus. Start to make a good life again." "Then that is good news," replied Petunia, nodding in the green, heatless flame. "That you can put that awfulness a few years ago behind you is a good thing." There was a pause. The pause filling itself up wordlessly between them. The pause that told her friend what she really didn't want anyone else to know. "It is easier that Henrietta is not around, Cecilia. You cannot blame yourself for feeling like that. You did not cause her death. Do not feel guilty." Cecilia turned away, the tears in her eyes, brought forth not by her self-assumed feelings of guilt, but for her situation still, away from her family, that she had parted in such a way from the reciprocators, from Remus... "You can't blame yourself for all of that! No-one here asked you to do anything more than what you could; you can't help it if people here aren't what you expect, and treated you badly, because they did, Cecilia, you cannot think them blameless for this..." Cecilia sank her head into her lap, the stress caused from the trauma of these events rising up in her mind again, unable to be stilled, unable to be conquered. Then, as a light caught her eye in the fireplace, Cecilia noticed Petunia had her hand towards her. A floo-nudge. She put her hand forward too. Briefly, like a ghost of a feeling, she felt her friend's hand close around hers. Her mind filled with happiness at her friend's gesture – the times when the children were tiny and Petunia would suggest a walk around a park or woods. Nothing magical, just a normal break in the fresh air. A cup of tea. A picnic. That was what she was like, Lily's sister. Everything as she wished, whether magical or not. No code or precedent to follow; she was as much as Cecilia was different to the wizards. But the difference was, Cecilia had often told herself, was Petunia's brilliant presence of spirit that was able to take it all in her stride, ignore it, cope with it. Oh, how she longed to have that ability, to get past all of this...all of them. "Think about what I know Severus has done for you," Petunia continued as Cecilia half-smiled at her. "Think about the power you felt these last few days, knowing that you will get what you want, and you will get it in a way you know how. You have lessened Remus's odds of survival, being you – and you need to know deep down, Cecilia that you are the only on who can. You are treading a path none of them can take, because of your history of the other place. Hold onto this, Cecilia. The past had to happen to help you get here. None of the reciprocators has been through the crises you have, in the other place. They can't think like you." Cecilia smiled, and they loosed hands. How was it that Petunia knew exactly the right things to say? "Seveus said, he did say, that no-one hates me as I think they do. James said that too, Severus said." "But there's still something wrong, isn't there? Something you aren't telling yourself? What it it, Cecilia? You don't have to answer me; before you do, think carefully. Because if you don't find out now, your depression could last all your life, and affect those who you love the most. And I can tell it's not your work, or teaching." "I am so glad you are my friend Petunia. I just wish I could do something as awesome for you as you do for me." "Every day, Cecilia. You do that every day. By reminding me that despite my sister's insistence that I embrace magic that non-magic choices are just as bit as good. Remember, I wouldn't have sent Darren to Hedgewards had there not been non-wizards this year? I needed him to be aware that magic isn't the be-all and end-all." And there it was. The reason that Petunia had an affinity with Cecilia. Had a friendship with her. The Aurors, the Reciprocators. Even the conjurists demanded perfection. Tabitha Penwright was only just accepted and that was through her true brilliance in one magical area. In a world where magic and non-magic co-existed, up until then, with little or no conflict heirarchy, perhaps more accurately described as snobbery, still existed, in the same way that unfashionable clothes, or not owning your own home were seen as areas where the "have-nots" were, at best, sympathised with, and at worst chagrined for their lot. Different to the othe place? Sometimes she wondered if it weren't in some ways worse. "Will you be able to connect again? Another night? It's so good to be in touch, Petunia." "Of course, my dear. Tomorrow?" "Tomorrow. It's handy when you're married to the world's best floo engineer." That evening, when the fire had eventually dimmed, and a late autumn wind tore past the window bringing with it angry winds and thumping rain Cecilia rested a little easier, the fire of hope having been stoked, the next day, not having even begun, easier to traverse. Cecilia knew she mustn't be greedy with her wishes and, instead of wishing that she was now with Septimus, and that Remus was well, knowing that she had some measure of her own contentment that she could trade for these. She would even have given the bottles beneath her bed, although they may yet prove of some practical use here, had been made by Snape for a purpose which didn't even exist, and served merely as psychological instruments now. All these things being relative, nevertheless. Cecilia went to bed that night in the freezing Durmstrang, an unique exile with a unique set of tasks in front of her to complete, happier than she had done in a very long time. 88888888 "So, let's go through this again." Darren Dursley, aloft by a couple of feet on Septimus's Lightningshot, handed out the small rolls of manuscript. Eleven thirty and by rights, of course, should have been in Gryffindor tower. "At the start, whenever he Headmaster chooses to tell us where we'll begin, I'll fly over the castle to get a view of where we are with Rocky." He gestured his head towards Julian, who grinned down at Septimus. "You and Dorielle, Rufus, will collect whatever note we send down – she knows "Fly" and "Rocky", but she's not so good with "Darren" so we'll keep it simple." "Right-o," nodded Rufus, upside down as he was over the branch of the tree just outside the school's buildings but within the edgestones. "Then she'll go down to you, Septimus?" Rufus grinned, his dark black hair, which could generously be described as "tousled" (and ungenerously as "dragged-through-hedge-backwards", bobbing in the now chilly easterly wind. "Just check the note of the location of the first clue is safe in her leg-ribbon," Darren added, his fastidiousness born from his competitive streak. "We don't want all our hard work to go to waste." "Then Rufus'll run and come over to me, in the underground passages," finished Septimus. It was a good start. It depended on what happened after that, and of course, they couldn't plan for anything other than the opening part of the Lower Hunt. The game was like a treasure hunt, with real treasure, so the Headmaster had explained. But Septimus knew from experience that it might be metaphorical treasure, like something with sentimental value rather than gold or emeralds, for example. It was Friday, their second night out here. Darren had suggested coming out the night before and they'd had a talk about what they might need to do. In advance, the teams that were involved in the Lower Hunt had been given a rough area in which the first part would be found – from then on it was the team's interpretation of the clues that would make a difference. The night before Darren had thought about how they could best use their skills and what they would need. All three of them had, however, been in hot water when they'd got back to Julian, still weak in the hospital wing, for not taking him with them and so that night, based around Madam Pomfrey's "set your watch by the schedule" schedule, Julian had been smuggled out by Septimus and Darren, narrowly avoiding being caught by Profssor Crowfoot, the Hufflepuff Head of House as they headed down the wide corridor that led towards the teaching rooms. Septimus could have done without it all, last night and tonight. He had been feeling run down and tired yesterday, and today even worse. A night's sleep was what he needed; perhaps it was exhaustion, or a bug of some kind. He'd felt like before, a couple of weeks after starting. Nerves, Professor Snape had said, after giving him a potion to make him feel better. It seemed worse now he was out of doors. But there was no way he was going to admit a little bit of nausea and dizzyness when it had taken every ounce of Julian's strength to get out of the hospital wing. Out through the coutyard they'd crept, the Professor's footsteps dying away as they had crouched behind a bush and it was only when Rufus Lestrange had loudly said how that particular species of laurel seemed to be vibrating to a low frequency compared to the hawthorn over to the other side that they had realised they had found the fourth of their group and almost murdered him for being so loud. Loud, and random at the most inappropriate moments, that was Rufus all over. But they were used to his randomnes, especially that which concerned owl training. As they made their way back to where Rufus had chosen to tell them this completely irrelevant fact the conversation had turned to the relevant qualities of different brooms. It was without question that the Lightningshot was the best broom of all time – sleek, aerodynamic, highst quality wood and the lightest of metalwork in the shape of lightning bolts – the boys discussed the other brooms that they knew students had in school. Flamesongs, whose origins in Wales were somewhat interesting as they were literally a cottage industry down in a little village in Pembrokeshire. Fast, nippy, the flamesongs could be made to sing, "Hen Flad Wy Nhadau" when flown at a certain speed and height and when others were flown adjacent the brooms would harmonise. "Cool, but only if you're Welsh and like hearing your national anthem as you fly," Darren dismissed. "Now, "Bread of Heaven", that's more like it." Septimus and Julian both shook their heads in the darkness and chuckled a little. "Well, which would you choose?", Darren asked, a little crestallen. "If you couldn't choose the Lightningshot fo Saturday?" "A cleansweep," said Septimus, swallowing away a wave of not-quite-right. "Reliable. Dependable." "Wasn't it your father's cleansweep that you said you'd told your Uncle Kay that you'd rather walk than bring it here with you?" "Well, yeah," Septimus felt himself flushing up. It was OK for him to put down the quality of that broom, but what did Julian know about them? It was a question he found himself asking. "A firebolt – they seem good, but a bit old," Julian went on. "I like the look of those South Korean ones..." "They're just gimmicks," retorted Darren in a hushed voice. The school bell was sounding midnight and they wanted to get back into the school without being seen. "South Korean. Flimsy. Break soon as you sit on them and fly through a fresh breeze." "But how...?" Septimus was about to interrogate Julian about his knowledge of broomsticks when Darren nudged him in the ribs. "Get down!" They all crouched. The footsteps that Darren had clocked were getting ever closer. Septimus felt himself gasp at the air as he did so, close near to Darren and Rufus's ankles. "Told you!" A voice above them whispered away into the wind, then added, "they were out here yesterday, Ariella." A pause. Then, "I wish you'd asked me sooner too, then we wouldn't have had to traipse round the school dodging teachers for the last hour, would we?" Septimus got to his feet, as did Julian and Darren, the latter staring at Ro Williams, his features impatient and curious – where was Ariella with whom Ro, and presumably Gertrude, small, plump, with large, round glasses, were speaking. Just then, said young witch appeared at the other end of the courtyard, stowing away her wand. "You wanted us?" Darren asked. "I hope it's not anything to do with the Lower Hunt. We're not going to tell you a thing!" "What's to tell?" bit back Ro. "We all get the same first clue. It's just what you do to solve the rest of them. You can't plan it out in advance because you don't know what's coming next, that's the point." As Septimus suspected that Darren was about to argue back, and at an ever increased volume, he put his hand on his friend's shoulder. "Look," he hissed between all of them. "We need to keep this down. What is it that Ariella wants, Ro? Conjurist resistance?" "In a manner of speaking." Ariella leaned in between the group and pulled them all closer. "Yes, we were out thinking about what we need to do for the Lower Hunt," she admitted. "But we wanted to make sure you were still in, with the resistance," she added. That's what I just said, thought Septimus to himself. Aloud, he said, "I had to rub off my circled Cs – Huggy Baird saw and told me that he wasn't about to teach anyone who didn't know the difference between parchment and skin. I didn't want to point out that parchment was skin." "Never mind that," Ariella inerrupted. "It's all going to happen. On Saturday." "Yes," replied Julian slowly on purpose. "Because we are in the Halloween Games, playing the Lower Hunt." "No!" Ariella gave him a withering look. "Not the Games. The conjurism! Everyone thinks I'm one too, because of Fraser. What I mean is, those other students who are in with him think it's OK to talk when I'm around, or when I haven't left quite quickly enough." "OK, well, we said we would be resistance," replied Darren, "so we will. I take it you've got a plan?" "When he sees me he drives me away, tells the others that I'm trying to stop him. But they don't believe him, of course. Mum and Dad are coming to the Games together. Mum's been helping Fraser with his European Internship exams, too. Mad, thought Septimus. Totally mad! Something dividing a family so fundamentally and yet all of them were still close like a family should be. "What's the plan?" asked Julian. "Of course we'll help." "Hang on, will we?" asked Darren. "How do we know they aren't trying to divert us, to win?" In the full moonlight Ariella gave another scornful look. "I don't care about the Lower Hunt. I do care about wizards who are persecuting other wizards. We don't have a plan. We don't know what's going to happen. Will you be ready to resist them, when they carry out their plan? It could be that they'll do something to you. The non-wizards, I mean." Septimus took a sideward step, looking at Julian, and saw him nodding. "I said I would, didn't I? We all did?" "Yes," agreed Darren. "Ye," nodded Septimus. Rufus said nothing; rather he was bending to listen to the branches of the laurel tree, humming different musical keys and holding them for a second before shaking his head and trying another. "OK. We're agreed. Resistance will be resisting on Saturday." And with that Ariella gave Julian another look before hurrying off quickly, Ro and Gertrude close behind her. "So...what have we agreed to?" "Helping the fight against conjurism," said Septimus, hoping they were going get back inside soon, longing for his bed and a rest. "OK," said Darren, stepping out towards the door that they had managed to get open just over am hour before. "Just as long as it doesn't interfere with us winning." OK, thought Septimus as he and Darren, leaving Rufus behind humming at the bushes, hurried Julian towards the hospital wing hoping that they had got the timings right for Madam Pomfrey. Let's just get him back and we can get to bed too. 88888888 It was Friday, about the best day of the working week for a teacher. Several hours before her slighly under the weather son partook in the plan to win at the Lower Hunt, a section of the Halloween games at Hedgewards his mother was getting increasingly relieved as the minute hand on her classroom clock dragged itself ever closer to four o'clock. And now, the weekend. No science teaching. No chemical syntheses. No genetics. No lamina flow or fluid dynamics. Instead she could allow her mind to be filled with the information she had dammed back for nearly two days so that she was in the position to function as a teacher and get something done. It had helped that Petunia had been in touch the previous night. Cecilia had pondered on the words she had spoken, urging her to admit to herself what the matter really was. What it was, Cecilia reasoned, was her not being with Septimus, although Petunia didn't think so and had said not. As she packed away her books and closed the classroom door – no doors save bedrooms were locked at Durmstrang for no students would be in the classroom except during lessons. She hurried down the flight of stairs that led to the teacher's bedrooms, waving off a call from a student regarding a lesson over the weekend, throwning herself onto her bed. Cecilia closed her eyes, her mind searching for something on which to fix which would allow her thoughts to flow and her mind to work. Where to start? Her mind drifted to Harry's potions, the Harry who did not exist here and for whose purpose Snape had made the potions, base and top notes, of the correct frequency which would strip him of his powers. In the other place. And in the other place Voldemort would be dead though Avada Kedavra that Harry would cast at the same time as ingesting the top note potion. Cecilia, still horizontal, her eyes fixed on the high stone ceiling of the room around which her breath was beginning to condense into thin plumes, such was the ever-growing coldness within. Her hand met the box in which these precious, useless potions lay. She reached for them, bound as they were with twine as intensely as Cecilia and the past were bound. Looking at them in the half-light Cecilia glimpsed their reflection, translucent in the oil-lamp which hung by the fireplace. Energy, light, magic. The words came to mind as she lay there. There was energy, accessible to all who were genetically inclined to be able to process it, and to some extent, non-wizards who hung around magical places for a certain amount of time. Light was involved. Magic was produced. But, to what extent? She had, the previous night, put together some ideas, and had looked at the DNA samples which Nick Smith, still at Calder Hall, had processed at Snape's request. Several dozen samples. None of which fitted any other pattern than the straightforward "W" gene in wizards, versus those from non-magical people, absent. There was Remus's, obviously. She had located his easily, for she must have recalled its pattern so often in the old place, when she thought he had abandoned her, that she knew the position of its pigments by heart. Even now, from the sample that had been analyed post-vampire bite the trace was the same, down to the "W" banding, which all wizards and witches had. Which all magical beings and magical objects had, she had learned, being here in this world. Another trace, Cecilia recalled, as she lay on her bed, last night's thoughts running though her mind. Must have been Sirius's, or perhaps Caelius's, for the familiar double-banding at the end betrayed the sample-donor's lycanthropy. Nothing different in Remus's however; nothing, yet, that would confirm genetically that he had succumbed to vampirism. This was positive. His body, in a sort-of shut-down, offline, standby position was protecting him from the infection. The sample had been taken on Monday of that week and analysed quickly – how good of Nick to do that, she thought – so at least as of Monday Remus was still Remus. But for how long? She had to agree with Snape that there had to be a biological stalemate at some stage; the stand-off couldn't last forever. So, what would she do now, if magic was available to her, as a wizard, guessing what she had guessed about some sort of adverse cellular activity? Silver was the key again. As was wolfsbane. For some reason, chemically they were able to stave off the development of lycanthropy and, as a tempering agent wolfsbane was able stabilise cells so they could be treated. Silver? As a topological agent, it was antimicrobial. On a macro level, everyone knew about silver bullets and vampires. But, of course, she didn't want to end Remus's life with a massive dose of silver, more a slow introduction of the precious metal that would be enough to kill the vector that had infected and prevent it from changing the chromosomes of the cells permanently. Snape had considered her theory and could not attack it critically enough that it wouldn't stand up. So it was the premise that they had agreed to begin with and which Cecilia had agreed for Snape to his contact with regards to physical magic, Professor Bonuit, and discuss this further with him, thus also ticking the collaboration between magical institutions box, so to speak. And then... Putting down the samples of Harry's potion on the bed, then scrambling to a kneeling position beside it Cecilia rummaged inside the drawer so as to find the notes she had scribbled down next to those Snape had sent, she scanned over the words, and then twice more. Could she believe it? Was it possible? It seemed almost impossible to believe, but the answer seemed clear. Snape had missed the key to energy and preservation. Energy...yes of course. Energy was what was needed – what she and the Snape back then had discovered. But Severus Snape here had not discussed it, its relationship, directly proportional as it was to how many genes you had that was magical. Pure blooded wizards could work spells the most efficiently... Nothing. No mention of energy levels in this world – it had never, so Cecilia believed – and she racked her brains to think of where any mention of energy levels had been in any book. One book. Only one book had mentioned it. The hypothesis of magical energy was fundamental to this book alone. "The Boy who Never Was." Her book, which Cecilia had written, spurred on by Aberforth Dumbledore and which had been her therapy, of sorts, soon after she had arrived in this world. She would have to contact Snape and - "Huuuh!" Cecilia sighed exasperatedly, aloud, as a hammering pounded on her bedroom door. If it was a student, Cecilia cursed, who had interrupted her thoughts they would be gone with a flea in their ear. She got to the door, ready to launch into a telling-off but before she could get there Ragnhild burst through, her pale face agitated and distressed. "Sissee...but no! You are not ready! Quickly, get on you formal robes!" "Ragnhild - " Cecilia began. "Whatever do you - " "You have something formal? Come on now, dress! Otherwise Professor Broeck will notice you have not attended in the correct attire!" "Professor Broeck?" repeated Cecilia as Ragnhild went to her wardrobe, leafing through her outfits and frowning, as if scanning through pages of a book so badly written it had made Ragnild wrinkle her nose. "The Headmaster. He rarely comes, but he has sent an announcement!" Ragnhild suddenly stopped skim-reading her wardrobe contents and shot a look at Cecilia. "Oh but of couse. You hav yet to meet him! And yet - " she looked back at Cecilia's clothes, pulling out a black pair of trousers, plain blouse and - " "No robe?" As Cecilia shook her head, Ragnhild grabbed at one of Cecilia's cardigans and configured it into a robe not dissimilar to an Emaness. "No time to explain. Get dressed. We have to be in the Grand Hall, well, now! Hurry!" she demanded. As both witches hurried along the teacher's room corridor, down to the main entrance and then right towards the Hall Ragnhild's voice lowered. The school was assembled, as were the teachers, at the top end of the table. Ragnhild hurried with Cecilia and they stood in front of two of the vacant chairs at the front. Cecilia tried to stop herself looking around at the other teachers nearly all she had never seen before despite having worked at the school – under duress – for nearly two years. In front of them, in the centre of the room, a stocky wizard stood, at a lectern, surrounded by light, as if to illuminate himself to the darkened room. "Welcome. Welcome all." "Wolfgang Broeck," hissed Ragnhild. "He doesn't teach here. He hardly ever comes to Durmstrang. But Headmaster he is." I wonder what he is going to say, thought Cecilia, as well as adding, do you know, Ragnhild? "We are fortunate at this time, to bid farewell to this school's collaborators who have, in recent days and weeks left this school in order to share good practise, skills and knowledge with other magical institutions. Professor Felixssohn, to Hedgewards. Professor Bugge to Beauxbatons." As he looked around so as to address the whole of the room the luminescence, as a firefly, or glow worm, worked its way around him and continued to envelop him in light. Cecilia looked around her. Most annoying. She had hoped to be working on her hypothesis, not have to sit through a boring dinner to which she had been forced to attend. "It is with my warmest, most sincere appreciation and commendation that I introduce to you all our collaborating professor. He has come from that noblest of institutions Beauxbatons and will be teaching you philosphical magic." Professor Broeck gestured towards the opposite end of the table where the luminescent light was transferred to another teacher. Never mind, thought Cecilia, as Ragnhild strained her head to the left, so as to better see the person about which the Headmaster was speaking. I'll just have to carry on here and try to get some ideas down. "I have the pleasure of formally welcoming - " That, or try to sneak off. It would be a bad move to draw attention to herself in front of her colleagues, the students and the Headmaster she had never met before by excusing herself officially. " - Lindvald Halen." A round of applause, if it could be described as that in the echoing, cavernous hall in which they were to dine, arose and persisted for a few minutes. "Professor Halen has worked at Beauxbatons for several years. His work involves physical forces and their interaction with magic." This dinner, for this new teacher would surely not take too long. Then she could lock herself away for the weekend and continue to make progress into her work. And so, as the second round of applause ebbed, and the slight, dark-haired, pale-faced Lindvald Halen smiled and nodded before being seated again, Cecilia began to plot her plan of action. 88888888
The early morning sunlight slid into the living room of Hermione and Harry's house, illuminating the carpet near the hallway door. Harry, who had finished breakfast half an hour before had decided to get a Sunday Prophet from the shop around the corner. Leafing through a paper on a Sunday was a ritual on a Sunday and, considering they were saving as much as they could for their wedding next year, a couple few sickles for a newspaper was an acceptable luxury. Working so hard as they had been these last few months Harry valued his time on a Sunday, with his Evans grandparents; the blissful freedom of those few hours of a morning filling his mind, reading the sections, both from the Prophet which Grandfather Evans would always buy on behalf of Harry's father though James only read it out of courtesy and a non-wizard newspaper which he would read. Harry would always be given the childrens sections to look at, and often his eye would catch the non-wizard sports. But it was always quidditch which would fully hold his attention for a good half an hour until, especially when Sam was old enough to join him, he would go outside for a fly around, pretending he had been chosen for the England team. Sitting now in their living room, the relaxed Sunday feeling pervading his body and making him feel at ease from the hectic six days Harry noticed that Hermione was taking an unusually long time up in the bedroom and it took him by surprise when she came back down fully dressed as if going out. "Have I missed something?" he asked, as Hermione appeared in a blue suit, brushing her hair. "Did I sleep through and it's really Monday?" "Pierre Pfimlin's floo'd, asked if I'd go over to Strasbourg for a couple of hours. You don't mind, sweetheart?" Harry, about to protest at his fiance heading off to work on a Sunday of all days was interrupted before he had a chance to begin as she added, "it'll be triple time, and I'll be back by twelve, I promise." She sat down next to Harry, leaning close in to him. "In any case, you're going to be seeing your mum again this morning, aren't you? Which is why you wouldn't mind?" Mum, thought Harry, alarmed, and scrambled towards the fireplace, throwing down the paper from which he had been looking at the quidditch scores, chiding himself for forgetting that he was working with her today. The request had been unusual. Hermione had guessed that it wouldn't take long for Cecilia to be contacted again, although she did say that she thought that it had served her right if she was left at Durmstrang forever. Harry had thought that was a little harsh, given that she had worked so well with them for so many years, and had been instrumental in several developmeents in spells, magic and potions for other wizards. She'd never minded, Harry had noticed, never to be credited for her assistance; she worked for the enjoyment of understanding, and the thrill of the chase. Or the burden. From what he had seen of Cecilia Lupin sometimes what she did seemed more of a prison than Azkaban. "Good to see that the propaganda machine is working fully." Hermione glanced at the now-abandoned Sunday news. "Come on, Hermione," Harry turned from the messageless fireplace and frowned. "The trouble that conjurism causes; look at what you had to deal with in Strasbourg. Henrietta? You can't say the violence is acceptable." "I never said conjurism is acceptable," Hermione sniffed. "My family's non-wizard, isn't it?" "Yes, sweetheart," Harry replied. Hermione always got defensive when she felt under pressure. "But I know you don't wholly disapprove of integration." "I just think things should be kept as they are. Non-wizards have no need to be at Hedgewards. Wizards need to have specialist education. It's always been the way; it's always worked. How else can young wizards develop their skills?" Harry said nothing. Hermione, as ambitious as she was, keen as she was, didn't realise how this may come off to non-wizards, non-wizards like those who the "Prophet's" article was aimed towards. "Wizards aren't stuck in the middle ages if they believe in segregation," Hermione continued, reading the words that the wizard newspaper had printed. "Nor are they brutal and power-driven. But I can see we won't agree," she added stiffly. "I know how you feel," said Harry, as Hermione sank onto the settee. You want to prove yourself, even now, as a witch from a non-wizard family, in a way that those from a wizard family never need to. "And I'm glad you're going to work, if I have to. Mum hasn't floo'd yet, but she will soon, I expect. I'm so pleased for your promotion, Hermione. I know I didn't say much on Friday, but Dad had been called on to organise the reciprocators again and so I said I'd stay on at Grimmauld Place." "Oh, that's where you were. I thought you were with Ron." "He came over. But we made food for the wizards who were out. Even Molly Weasley had gone, that's how overstretched they all are. I'm a bit worried about him." "Ron?" "He's acting a bit strangeley. Cagey about something. I asked him about the girl next door he was seeing, and he went quiet." "Yes, you did say, " Hermione conceded. "Maybe they've split up. It's just feel like I haven't seen you properly in ages. Yesterday, the dress fitting, and you went off to see the quidditch. And now..." she sank back into his arms. "Maybe I shouldn't go in. I just wanted to make a good impression. And ease the burden of the week by getting my head round things." Hermione's promotion had been the big event of the last few weeks. Her work in the Strasbourg office in September had resulted in being noticed by Monsieur Pfimlin, the deputy president of Europe, working under Draco Malfoy, which led to an interview as ministerial executive last week. He was proud of her, but Harry was also apprehensive of the move. She would start at the end of November, which would give them just less than six months to save up for the wedding, whose date of 30th April they intended to announce at the party. And then, with that experience Hermione could pretty much work wherever she wanted, giving even those wizards solely educated at Durmstrang a run for their money. "And we can really celebrate this weekend," he added, hugging her close. "I am so proud of you," he said again. "So you need to get going if you want to impress Mr. Pfimlin. I'll do lunch, and we can spend the afternoon together." "Yes," agreed Hermione. "I'm glad you're assisting the Ministry too. The attacks that these conjurists are carrying out are mindless and dangerous. They can't be allowed to continue. I just think there's a better way of doing it than Caelius's way. She went to the cupboard, pulling it open and looking for her shoes. I wonder how long mum will take to be in touch? Did she even say Sunday? Wondered Harry. He reached into the fireplace's floo powder, connecting first to his parents' house and then to Grimmauld Place's chimney, leaving a brief message for mum in at both. Hermione was still looking under the stairs for her shoes when she reappeared with a pile of parchments and books. "Found your shoes then?" Harry asked, jovially. "Yes, and I found these. I thought I'd thrown them out. And then I thought you had too?" The deliberate pause at the end of the last question was more than just the hint of a suggestion that Hermione suspected that Harry had retrieved them, rather than disposed of them. "So did I," Harry said, taking them from her. "They're not needed any more; mum's work I'll be talking to Cecilia about." "See you later then," Hermione smiled, clearly satisfied. "Yes, sweetheart," Harry nodded, stepping towards her and giving her a peck on the lips. Engrossed in his newspaper again, and waiting for his mother to floo him back Harry did not hear the faint tinkling sound that, several minutes later, came from the under-stairs cupboard. 88888888 It wasn't long after Severus Snape arrived at St. Mungo's that Caelius Lupin was there to join him. Although bright late-autumn sunshine bathed the urban landcape of the city above little of the weather, fine or poor, reached the dark coolness of the hospital. "You said it was important I be here." Caelius Lupin, having apparated to the stairs above directly from his office, looked every one of his fifty-one years. Snape wondered whether his beard hadn't gone bright white in the course of the last month; he didn't recall the Minister for Magic looking this old when, for example, he had visited Hedgewards to discuss Septimus. Remus looked as good, or as bad as he had done when he had first been brought to the hospital in July; three months on and, while his body's gashes and gnarls from the vampire attack had been healed naturally, encouraged by the transfusions that the Healers had seen fit to administer (and which appeared to be helping to keep Remus stable) his outward condition was still that unconsiousness, being fed intravenously and being kept sedated. "The Healers have kept his muscles supple by daily exercises; it has helped to keep him healthy. The Healer of the Day has said that he is well enough to be given this." Snape held up a vial of shimmering liquid. Not a vast amount, the draught glinted in the low light. Caelius beheld its shinyness before looking at Snape, his eyes gleaming. "You have a potion? He can be healed?" Severus Snape smiled impassively. "It is the first in a series of experimental potions. We are most fortunate that Cecilia was able to unburden her hypothetical thoughts with regard to her husband. That she fought in her mind to work out what would be the best for his condition, this is something for which we should be extremely grateful. A key point I had not considered fully she compelled me to re-evaluate, namely the influence of the Universal Link. Jointly, and with assistance from my esteemed colleague in France I have developed this potion that should, if not cure him, ease his symptoms while we continue our search." "It may not cure him?" Caelius's dark eyes narrowed. "You have not a final potion to rid him of the vampirism?" He glared at the potion, as if it were a poison rather than a potential cure. "It may not. But there is more chance of good to come from my giving it to him. It is the best chance we have immediately. We know that the vampirism has still not taken over his body. It is necessary for me to ask, as his next of kin, under wizard law, may I administer it to him?" Under wizard law, a wizard's next of kin was the next magical person related to them who was also a wizard. As such, Cecilia didn't qualify and neither did Septimus, who was too young, not yet 17. "Indeed! Snape, of course you may! If it has the slightest effect on his condition then you may do." Caelius held up his wand, tilted at 60° to the horizon. Snape did the same. Between their wands a thin train of smoke emanated and, like a ribbon twisted itself into a bow. Snape then beckoned to the duty Healer who, having just replaced Remus's drip returned to his side. The woman looked at them questioningly. "Yes?" She peered closer towards Snape, the dull light in which the ward was lit made it hard to discern faces. "Professor Snape?" "Indeed. I have, madam, brought this evening the first in the trial for Mr. Lupin. I noticed that you had not long replaced his fluids?" "You are correct," replied the healer. "He is doing remarkably well; in the months he has been here his cellular analyses show he has yet to succumb to the vampire virus. I do believe the Allium Satvium in the fluids itself has contained the virus, preventing it from spreading." At this, the woman pointed to Remus Lupin's neck, which was still unhealed. "We keep it clean and sterile, but it has yet to knit together. However any infection has not, as I've said, transferred around his body." Caelius peered carefully at the side of his brother's neck. "Can it not be cauterised? Removed? I know I am no expert Snape, but there is nothing vital in that area?" "Indeed not," replied Snape, "however due to his body's natural immunity response to not clot and that we are replenishing his body with animal blood in order to minimise the chances of the virus taking hold, it would be a foolish move. He may bleed to death," he clarified. Snape then turned to the healer and continued. "This potion has, I believe, the correct frequency and wavelength should inhibit the growth of the virus the intention is that he can take this orally, on his tongue, and this should dispense with the need for allium satvium in his fluids drip and the blood transfusions." "I will continue with them for now," replied the healer. "Once it has been established that your potion will do this I will then remove them. I trust you have had consent from Mr. Lupin's next-of-kin?" Without speaking, Snape handed over his wand to the healer who examined it, saying, "it appears to be in order. Mr. Lupin...?" She looked questioningly at Snape again. "Yes," replied Caelius, at which the healer nodded to him. "Yes, Minister," returned the healer. "Of course." She handed back to Snape his wand. "I will administer at the next change of fluids. My records, of course, will include observations of your brother, and whether he has made any progress." As the healer took various readings from Remus's instruments, took his temperature and then began to manipulate first his right leg and then the other in his daily leg exercises. "What of your progress with a legal block to "Art of the Wize"?" Caelius and Snape took a chair each next to Remus's bed and continued with business/ "There has been a Bill, which will be set before the Ministry tomorrow, intitiated by the NWRs." Ah yes, the Newers, thought Severus Snape. They had been working hard in their own communities ever since conjurism had began to cause trouble, and recently they had begun to change tack. "We could not stop "The Art of Wize" going on sale. It's entwined circle-in-circle motif looks vey strange in Flourish and Blotts, but we are hoping if we can fast-track the Bill, raised as a legitimate claim to libel from the NWRs. If it gets through our House then only one non-wizard representative from the non-wizard government, a member of parliament, had to vouch for the non-wizards' petition, which had already happened. It's just a pity it wasn't quick enough to get the wretched books banished sooner." He paused, noticing Snape's face. The wizard, he knew, did not approve of appropriating cognitively-derived literature, however he knew, under such circumstances Severus Snape would make an allowance. "The Daily Prophet yesterday, and today's Sunday Prophet have both printed, alongside their reports sympathetic to non-wizards in the attacks that have already occurred, a treatise on the reprehensible stupidity of those who pursue solely conjurism as a way of life at the exclusion of everything else. That they are not much more developed culturally than those wizards who lived many hundreds of years ago, in the Dark Ages. Any conjurist who reads it will soon be shamed and made to feel foolish." "A wize move," nodded Snape in agreement. "But you said about the pensieves? And Hedgewards?" "Indeed," nodded Caelius, his tone a little more subdued. "As you know, the Portable Pensieve Company owns the "Daily Prophie. In terms of revenue, we have agreed to allow the PPs to be used at school, as a means of communication, research and the like. This was made in exchange for the newspaper's debunkiing of conjurism." Snape looked at him for a moment, feeling his mouth widen. "But, didn't you believe this was how conjurists were contacting one another en masse?" "Indeed," nodded Caelius, "and I have every confidence in our new engineer in protecting the integrity of the service which, we have proven to the Firebolt company, belongs to the Ministry in terms of hardware whereas they provide the software. Dudley Dursley is a magnificent engineer takes after his father, but for the pensieve network." "A good choice," Snape agreed, the meaning not lost on him. So, the pensieves could be used, but what they were being used for would be controlled by the Ministry. "In terms of protection afforded to pensieve owners at Hedgewards there would be theis that the students have and they are afforded the edgestones." "Of course," nodded Snape, adding that he just wouldn't publicise the reopening of the network, though he suspected that it won't be the world's greatest kept secret once the parents found out. And perhaps now was not the best time to tell Caelius about his suspicions about Septimus's...health either. For a start, even professionally it was not his business. However, science...where did science stop and privacy begin? If it was what it seemed, then these potential facts were very private indeed...and yet... A thought occurred to him, unwelcome though particularly insightful. He allowed it to run though his mind again. Is this why Caelius has kept you so isolated, Cecilia? Not even in our joint head of reciprocator role did he confide why he'd so desperately wanted you out of the way. What was it that he feared...? With a will of steel Severus Snape put the thoughts out of his mind, guarding them carefully against legilimency. "Have you spoken to Septimus recently?" Caelius inquired, not giving away if he had gleaned any of Severus's thoughts. It would be unlikely, or he would press them, Severus knew. "Indeed, Caelius, he is happy at Hedgewards. The Halloween Games has been a positive diversion, especially considering his parents..." "He mentioned some girl by the name of Ariella who is also in his House?" Caelius raised an eyebrow. "Ariella Blewitt?" "Indeed? Ah, that explains it. Ann Blewitt, her mother, is an active Anti-conjurist. Septimus spoke to me yesterday, as you know Snape, and he mentioned to me that conjurists were going to attack the wizards at the Halloween Games. He wanted you to know, Severus." Snape shifted in his chair. He was aware that there were conjurist whisperings going on at the school it would be almost impossible to believe that there wouldn't be, given the nature of the world outside the school. "My thanks, Caelius. There is little if any at the school that can be said to be conjurist in nature and if there is, it is well hidden. Heavy penalties are given to those who have been guilty in the past and this has served as an effective deterrent. Yet I cannot rule out some sort of disruption the nature of events such as they are, with visitors to the school. Too much of an opportunity to miss." Now it was Caelius's turn to look uncomfortable, but it did not last. "I told Septimus that it was unlikely that anything serious would happen, not when most of the aurors from the ministry, and the reciprocators would be there to watch the games. That would be like a bird walking very slowly in front of a line of cats and especting to remain alive. That, and our monitoring of pensieve traffic courtesy of Dudley Dursley and we are in a very secure position. Now," he added, changing the subject and shifting a little in his seat. "How is Septimus getting on, Severus? Is he progressing? I am always concerned because of him being at a non-wizard primary school. How's his wand work coming on?" "Very well," nodded Snape in the darkness, noting the healer now dripping a couple of drops of potion onto Remus's tongue. "A good charmer; potions accurate and imaginitive. He has attempted voiceless spells and understands the importance of careful handling of magical plants. He can fly, of course, and play quidditch, which is impressive considering he has never had one of those before. A good all-rounder." Caelius nodded, and smiled. "Just like his father." He looked across to Remus. "Although, I am concerned with him; he seems to have been ill at some stage. Tiredness, illness...something akin to my own symptoms." Alright, thought Severus Snape, all his moves taken in his own mental game of chess with the errant information that he knew, under any other circumstance he would have already shared with Caelius. Now was the time... ...and yet...it was still none of his Snape's business. Was it Caelius's business...? Cecilia's...? "I think perhaps he may have been working too hard," said Snape eventually. "He is his mother's son, after all, and gets involved with everything keenly and with a deep interest. Who's to say that the effect of non-magic on a wizard also could affect him?" Caelius nodded in half-agreement. "I'll keep an eye, Caelius and inform you if he gets worse," continued Snape. "He was happy enough to be in touch with Cecilia this morning and I brought him to see his father shortly afterwards. It's a lot for a boy of his age to deal with." Snape looked again at Remus, still unconscious; it would take at least a day for his potion to have any effect. "So you'll be working on Remus's potion further?" Caelius too looked across at his brother. "You said this was the first potion." Never misses anything, Snape marvelled. He knew I'd not clarified this earlier. "I have been on this potion since he was bitten, Caelius. It is fortuitous that we are in contact with Cecilia for she has checked this batch. If it makes no difference I will then attempt to refine it. But I have every confidence that this recipe of ingredients is correct, it may just be a case of refinement in terms of ratios of those ingredients." "But when, Severus?" Caelius, who up until now had been the consummate politician had, clearly, got to the end of his cool, the wellbeing of his brother crumbling his outward cool manner. "Do you know what you are asking? I am in need of wolfsbane, some of which I've used in yours and Sirius's potion, and is difficult and expensive to obtain. The last batch is now useless and I've had to remake it, which takes, in all, thirty hours. I will be in a position to tell you on Tuesday whether it's successful. But, take heart, Caelius. Remus is in the best possible position at the moment. We know that the infection, parasite, vector has not spread; his body has not succumbed to vampirism yet, so we are fortunate that we can do something about it. If it had, there would be no going back." Caelius closed his eyes, before opening them slowly. "I saved his life once before, when he was tiny. I didn't know what I was doing, or the consequences, Severus, just that he was in danger. I wasn't going to let the dog bite him that's what I thought Fenrir Greyback was, you see, and since that day I've lived with lycanthropy, not Remus. He had a chance to live, to have a happy life. I'm so glad to have given that to my little brother and not have him suffer as I did. And then, nothing can repay you for your brilliance, Severus no, I'm going to say it," Caelius pushed away with his hand, quashing Snape's denial of his achievement. "No...you saved my life and allowed me to come to Hedgewards. From that day on I swore I would serve wizards, and allow greater understanding between all species and abilities. I wouldn't change it. But I'm not going to lose him to this, Severus." "Then you did the right thing. You allowed Cecilia's uniqueness to help. She alone has such a different way of viewing things, such an insight that no-one else could ever have." "Indeed." The conversation fell to nothing as Caelius looked at his younger brother again, motionless, pallid, unconscious. Snape crept silently away, towards the big thick wooden doors at the end of the ward before, out of sight, disapparating. 88888888 In the living room of 8, Godric's Hollow, Harry and mum were enjoying a home-cooked Sunday dinner. Roast beef, vegetables and Yorkshire pudding for them both, the rest plated up and would be taken to Grimmauld Place that afternoon for James and whoever was around to enjoy them. Mum didn't cook often, and this Sunday day was becoming, to Harry, a rerun of one from his childhood, which the Prophet that morning had initiated. Lily rarely cooked, but when she did it was worth it. He watched her for a moment as she cooked, her expression intent. It was the first time he had visited since the attacks the previous month by possibly Conjurists; they were so pleased, Lily has told Harry, to have their home back again, the aurors and the reciprocators having helped to have rebuild the place since it was attacked. Harry could see her happiness as she cooked. Not a lot had been lost; furniture and the like. Having had to stay at Grimmauld Place was far from ideal, not least because his dad did have a tendency to volunteer for anything that was needed with the reciprocators. "I was at Hedgwards on Friday," Harry answered his mum's question. "He is getting on really well exceeding in all of his subjects; captain of Gryffindor quidditch team; Head Boy too. Not like me at all!" Harry's little self-put-down made his mother smile. He would always be the first to admit that he was not like Sam, but he had never been, and he was proud of his little brother's achievements, even more so when he knew that an opportunity like the European Parliament internship had been offered to him Sam was more than capable of it, unlike himself; he'd never want that. He was happy working as a research wizard, helping with Reciprocation, whenever it had come about. "Sam really is OK, mum," he concluded. "He's taking it all in his stride; his work at school is going well, I spoke to Severus to check as well," he added, knowing what his little brother was like. "He's still going out with Crystallia, who seems to be a good influence on him. And on Saturday he'll fly in the quidditch tournament for Gryffindor as well as open the round of Cranium for Gryffindor too." "You'll be seeing him on Saturday, won't you?" His mother paused as she drained the carrots through the sieve, and glancd thoughtfully out of the window. "What?" Lily, who looked as if she had been dragged out of deep thought, looked sharply at Harry when she realised he had stopped talking. "Oh yes, the Halloween Games. You know, Harry, it will be so good getting away with your father, to have a rest and a break." She turned to look at her eldest son. "You can't imagine what's like, your dad being on call almost permanently these days, having to organise the reciprocators night after night. It's wearing him out." She brought the bowl of vegetables to the table, putting it down on the wooden top and putting in a serving spoon. Harry had already arranged the table and served the beef and potatoes; as usual the meal looked delicious; just what you needed on a cold, October Sunday. "And afterwards there's your and Hermione's party," she smiled, and Harry noticed how her face was careworn, crinkled in places where the lines had embedded, but no less than his mother's face. "Yes," nodded Harry through a forkful of beef. "We've something to tell you then, tell you all..." He watched as his mother's eyes widen. "I promised I'd wait until Saturday..." There was a pause, which could only be filled by an unshared secret. He leaned in to Lily, his head bowed, in deference to a shared intimacy. "Hermione got her promotion in Strasbourg! Which means we can set the date of the wedding!" "Oh, Harry!" cried his mum, her face shedding its cares and replacing them with the delight that her son's news had brought. "I am so happy! Tell me, when am I buying the new robe for?" "30th April," continued Harry, still in hushed tones. "But, not a word. Hermione is excited to tell everyone then." "Promise, my darling," agreed Lily, and they continued the rest of the meal quietly, exchanging smiles and Harry wondered about how it was that news could change someone's mood quite so much. As pudding was served, his mum's speciality, lemon meringue pie and cream, they talked about what it was that was worrying Lily. It was strange, Harry thought, that his mum would share her worries with him, and he noted how carefully she expessed things, but he could see that his father's dedication to the reciprocators was really draining on her. Her lightnss and abandon were all but gone; she had an undercurrent of worry about her. "We hardly see each other; only to talk about defending wizards and non-wizards. And then there's Henrietta... " Lily put down her spoon and looked at the tablecloth. Then she looked across at her son. This time it was her turn to lower her tone. "He has been dropped in it by Snape and by Caelius Lupin, and for what? To organise defence when they can't do it? When the non-wizard police can't? He's doing so well, Harry, but he can't keep this up; none of us can. And for Henrietta...to be a accused of being a conjurist... " She broke off, and there were tears in her eyes. "She was exonerated," replied Harry, evenly. "Yes, but the charge was still over her all the same she would never have traded secrets, become involved in terrorism! I miss her so much, Harry..." "It's just too much," Lily continued, filling the silence. "I just think we need the break from defence. We can't continue as we are; we'll all be ill, then there'll be no-one to be out supporting the aurors!" Harry got up from his chair. It wasn't much; but at least he could give his mum a big, comforting cuddle. "Why were you at Hedgewards on Friday?" Lily asked, changing the subject as Harry magicked away the dinner and pudding and cast a washing-up spell and they moved to the living room settees, paisley-patterned and probably lovely, Harry had always thought, when his parents had bought them back in the late 1980s. "Severus," replied Harry. Now to one of the main reasons he was here. "You know I've been doing some of the ministry work? History of Magic? Like yours about Auld Magic?" She nodded. "It seems that Cecilia Lupin has managed to develop what Caelius wanted her too. But she neeeds assistance. I said you were busy, so I've offered to stand in and talk to her about the information she might need." There. He'd said it. And he would do it, too. He just wanted his mum to be OK about it, and there was a chance that she might not be, given the nature of his and Cecilia's relationship. "You're going to speak to her? About my work?" Harry nodded. "Well, yes," he added. "Because Caelius has begun contacting her again. She needs our help, to do her bit." He waited. With any luck his brief explanation would be enough to prompt mum into positive action. He felt the tension between them momentarily as Lily Pottetr looked around her, her expression frozen as if her mind was working something out. At last she sagged, her face transforming quickly into one of happy agreeableness. "Of course, of course you may have my work, my darling. And I'm so glad you asked me. We are all working for the same thing, after all." Lily got to her feet quickly. "Come on," she continued, pushing the coffee table to one side, "we'll go and get them now." 88888888 Tabitha hung onto the cloud's outer perimeter as best as one can to a nebulous gas ball. The accumulation of energy from the waveform that had been produced had passed, but it seemed to be affecting the movement of the other cloud-memories in the process. How long, Tabitha wondered, would it be until the untruth was discovered? Despite it being a lie, Tabitha thought, it would be resolved at some stage, and the ripple effect caused by how the untruth conflicted with the truth would cancel one another out. The safest thing she could do would be to - Tabitha paused. On what might be called the horizon she saw...thought she saw... No. She clung on tighter as she squinted her eyes together. Was it a person? It had certainly looked like that; the clouds did change shape, but in general they kept to their globular, indefinite shape. Only a good amount of coincidence would induce the shape to be humanoid. Tabitha blinked a couple more times, staring out to where she probably saw it, which was rather accurate given where she was. Dismissing the thought as another wave of energy passed near to where she was, Tabitha descended into the cloud-memory she was currently trying not to fall off. A picnic. She had been to many of these. A lot of people stored this type of memory: azure sky with sun high – it was mid-summer; a picnic on some grass, a field somewhere. Classic, if predictable checked tablecloth and wicker basket. And, thought Tabitha as glanced nonchalantly at the basket's contents, a good range of sandwiches and drinks. It used to be notable in her mind that it was only when she was inside memories that such banal survival instincts such as sleep and hunger wer made apparent, the former causing her embarrassment in another memory where she hadn't quite been so careful in choosing a "just right" bed, the owner not being a baby bear but a very large, middle aged lady. A sandwich, thought Tabitha, as she congratulated herself on a good choice of memory in which to temporarily inhabit, until the turbulence had ceased. Delightfully sunny and hot, with just the right amount of breeze. A fresh picnic. They wouldn't miss a sandwich. 88888888 At the same time that Lily was explaining enthusiastically to Harry all that she had been working on for the last three years at the ministry another Sunday lunchtime was being shared, albeit from the connection made from pensieve to fireplace. "How is Fraser?" Ann Blewitt peered into the flame and smiled at her lovely daughter. "Is he getting on all right with his studies, Ariella? I do worry about him." "I think he's fine, mum. He's working on his scholarship exams. You'll see him on Saturday, won't you?" Back into the embers of the fireplace, the younger Blewitt child smiled back at her mother. "Yes," nodded back Ann. "The Halloween Games. We can only make the game, your father and I. He's busy that evening. But we are spending Halloween day together." "That's brilliant," replied Ariella. "'cos I've got some news, mum. I've got some recruits for us." "How many? A lot?" "Four," Ariella conceded, her face falling. "Fraser keeps following me; I know he knows what I'm doing. Well, technically five. But I'm not sure about Rufus Lestrange." "That is marvellous, my darling. The more people we know who can oppose the conjurists, the more we can show their faults, the better for everyone. Five is a good number. They'll take it in, and they'll tell others, just you see." "Mum," replied Ariella, after a pause. "Can't you try with Dad? Only, what he's doing is con-...is opposite to us!" "I never would" protested Ann, firmly. "He has to do what he believes in; he knows I have to do the same. I wouldn't love and respect him if not." "But we will be there, poppet. We wouldn't miss your first school competition for anything". 88888888 The weather for the time of year on the little island off the coast of Norway which housed Durmstrang school was unusually warm. Cecilia, who had been working on the idea of the vampire potion for most of the night had, after a sleep, found that she was in the mood to write to Septimus. She remembered the weather last year, where she had been made to endure nearly four hours in sub-zero temperatures the Halloween tournament for the school. Maybe it was the sunshine, beaming its last from the south and reflecting the blue-grey of the jagged flint rocks that had inspired her, or the top-up of vitamin D. Nevertheless, she was feeling positive about her work, and about Septimus. It wouldn't be long till she saw him again, this she knew. It wouldn't be long until she never had to be here, and she could remember the good things about the place, rather than the oppressive captivity that she had endured the months previously. Cecilia made her way down the tower that was built at the end of the south wing of the castle, adjoining all of the floors, its spiral stairs leading to the small platform of rocks at the bottom of the school and from where she could go down further, either inside, or out, to the owlery, which was, very cleverly, built into the side of the precipice face. She paused when she got to ground-floor level of the school, the cold wind nipping past her from around the edge and Cecilia shivered. Not quite the summer day that the brilliant sunshine had beguiled her to believe. She pulled her jumper closer around her body and held it close to her as she examined the way down. The outer steps made for a quick access to the owls, rather than the meandering inner tunnels which often took more than half an hour inside the cliff and she put her foot on the first, making sure she leaned in towards the cliff-face as she held on to the flimsy chain that was fixed deep into the rock. Septimus, she thought, glancing down at the letter in her hand and thought of the words therein. I do hope you're well, and you're working hard at school, as well as making new friends... Further down, at the bottom of the long, winding cliff-stairs were the school sailing boats, enchanted to take the passenger anywhere and, once aboard, became invisible to everyone, except the passenger, until they reached their destination. "I went home to find your father, and you," thought Cecilia. "Perhaps it was the wrong way to go about it. But I miss you both so very, very much." The wind whipped again as she climbed, and Cecilia noticed the sails below flapping backwards and forwards, and she tightened her grip on the iron chain. As she did so, Cecilia's outer foot caught something sharp and she gripped on tighter still, this time reaching with her left hand, so as to catch her balance. Dammit! Above her, in the swirling zephyrs Cecilia's letter to Septimus danced, gaining height as the wind whistled again. She would have to go back up, and figure out a way to get it back. It would land somewhere. Turning to climb, Cecilia pushed her way determinedly back up; she had made her way nearly all the way down and she needed to get to the level ground above. When she arrived Cecilia looked where the letter might have got to. High above her, the letter had flown and, as she watched it, Cecilia was beginning to resign herself to going back into her room and trying again. The wind fell slightly, and so did the letter, drifting down to the craggy outcrops that was part of the mountain above the cliff that the owls we housed. It wasn't far above her, Cecilia could see. Just a few steps' climb and she would have it. Pushing herself up to the rock face at shoulder height Cecilia could see it would take no more than a couple more feet and she could retrieve it, go back inside and have her tea, before she puzzled over lessons that she must deliver tomorrow. What could she do to make them just right for her students? They had been getting restless of late. What could she do to make th classroom more harmonious? And then Snape would be flooing, and perhaps - Cecilia didn't know exactly how she'd done it, missed her footing as she reached out for Septimus's letter. But she had, and now she was scrabbling to find a hand hold before she fell in to the swirling sea far below. She grabbed away frantically, clamping the letter between her lips as she did so, but no reprieve came. Gravity pulled and - - and Cecilia fell...down...down... "Immobilus-s-s-s-s!" The word echoed from the cliffs around Cecilia as she immediately succumbed to the spell. She looked up, panic and fear coursing around her body now as her kidneys secreted adrenaline. Above her, she could see nothing. She was not falling but, she was not doing anything. Below her the waves threatened as they collided with the sharp, dagger-like rocks. Cecilia searched frantically above now – what was going on? Then, as quickly as the first spell had come, as second, declared as loudly as the first echoed again. "Ascendo-o-o-o-o!" An aeon passed, or so it seemed to Cecilia. Her body rose, defying Newton's first law of motion until it became level with the cliff again. It took a few moments, as she came to a stop, for her to realise the wizard who had saved her life. Smiling, with just a tiny hint of mirth, Lindvald Halen put out his hand to pull her back to safety.
"What were you trying to do Mrs Lupin? Fly? Were you testing the air speed? Checking the gravitational field strength?" On the uneven, cold rock level with the castle walls Cecilia sat, where she had just been placed from the wizard's spell that had just saved her life, her mind dazed as she looked around her, letter to her son still in her mouth. What had just happened? "What?" "Is your broom invisible, perhaps? If you employ a hovering spell, you would, I think, have more luck." Cecilia looked up, the evening sun, low in the horizon, beamed its rays through the gaps in the sharp, jagged rocks above his head, causing her to blink a few times, then rub her eyes, pulling down Septimus's letter to her side. "Mrs Lupin?" The wizard stooped, his frame bending lower to get eye level with her, at which Cecilia got unsteadily to her feet. He extended a hand, which she took. "Thank you...no...I was..." she could feel her heart beating in her chest, the adrenaline finally getting to work on her organs and she stuttered to silence as her legs began to shake." Flight or fight. Her legs wanted to do the former, and she was trying to fight the urge. She looked down at her hand in which Septimus's letter was crumpled. "Thank you, again, er...Professor...?" "Lindvald Halen," corrected the wizard, steadying her elbow. "And you should be more careful, Mrs Lupin, the cliff path down needs to be picked more precisely. I may not be around again should you not be able to shout your own spell." Cecilia stared back at him, frowning a little as his face settled into a smile. She hadn't seen much of this wizard; the teachers at Durmstrang barely made it out of their rooms, or classrooms, wherever they had been researching. She smiled back, a little unsteadily. She was about to ask him about his own reason for being out on this lovely Sunday afternoon, or how he was liking teaching at the school but, as she searched for the words, she heard a shout from behind her. Turning, Cecilia saw a figure haring out over the rocks, picking her way nimbly. "Cecilia? I heard a scream. Is everything all right?" The tall truthteller embraced her, and took her by the hand with, what Cecilia noticed, a stark, enquiring look at her rescuer. "Ragnhild! I'm...well. Thanks to Mr. Halen." The wizard nodded his head, silently. "You're shaking! I'll take you indoors; you don't want to risk any more falls," she added, sweeping her inside. Back in Professor Andersson's classroom Cecilia sat, shuddeing a little as the shock of what had just happened disspated. Her stomach felt tender, as if she was going to be sick. How had she managed to fall? Why didn't she think? Cross with herself at her desperation to get her letter to Septimus, Cecilia wondered whether, if she had had the presence of mind to have done so, she could have saved her own life with a spell had not that young wizard been around. Perhaps not, she added, as Ragnhild handed her a steaming mug of camomile tea. She had never been able to do more than a levitation spell, or get the fire going in her classroom or bedroom. Her spells were useful, but not lifesaving. "Just try to rest, Cecilia," soothed Ragnhild, sitting by her as Cecilia drank deeply from the cup, cuddling her shoulders as she did so. "What ever were you trying to do?" "Trying to get down to the owlery. I knew if I took the inside passage it would take a long time. I wanted Septimus to have a letter." "You miss your son," finished Ragnhild, holding onto her hand. "As I miss Crystallia. We do as we must for our children. Do you still have your letter?" Cecilia pulled it out of her pocket, into which she had stuffed it a few moments before. "I will take care of this for you. I will send my own owl with this. Please, try to be more careful, Sissee. Your son would like to have you in one piece, I think, and not brought home from here having passed to the afterlife?" Cecilia looked at her, then nodded, the witch's angular features bending into a warm, beautiful smile. "That wizard who saved my life, Lindvald Halen...you looked at him as if you knew him?" Ragnhild shook her head. "No. I don't know him. It's my condition. If I was cold towards him and unfeeling it was because I must close my mind. He is a new person here and I could feel my Seeing change. Unless I ignore it my mind will be filled with divinations. Meeting someone new makes me feel...uneasy with the world. More truths come to mind than I want to know, or can deal with at once." Cecilia inhaled deeply, the steam from the tea soothing her face and her hands, as well as her somach. She was so happy to have Ragnhild there, and yet, probably for the first time in her life, that she needed to be away from this, from this thing called magic. She needed to be more like Petunia, and keep herself to herself. Not isolation. But "I hear you thoughts, Sissee," said Ragnhild at length, dropping her arm from around Cecilia. Cecilia looked into her face, one of wisdom, one of her own age, forty-one, yet, unlike her own, Ragnhild's features were lineless, her skin like silk. "You should not worry. You have a good deal to do, and it is on your mind. I believe you weren't concentrating as you should on the dangers outside the castle." Cecilia looked at her friend. While Ragnhild could see the future, she was also good at discening meaning from events. It was more than likely; she was thinking about Septimus, getting back to him and what she must do in the confines of the school and not about the eight-hundred foot certain-death drop below her. "I am so old, Ragnhild," Cecilia sighed, her heart beginning to thump in her chest again. "Working like this, worry keeping me from sleep...working here...teaching..." She looked at the witch, wondering whether, though she may know what Cecilia was about to say to her, she would understand what she meant. "What will happen with the children in your lessons tomorrow will happen, no matter how hard you work trying to perfect everything. You work too hard. The children are spoiled here, spoiled and petulant. They know nothing of gratitude or appreciation. Their lives have just been a path down which they walk. Teach them, just don't doubt yourself – you punish yourself unnecessarily." How did she - - know? Cecilia chuckled, chidingly, at herself. Because Ragnhild Andersson was a truth teller! "Rest, let your mind focus on something else. You are not old, but your life is hard, and you've had to make difficult choices. You have been promised liberty from here, haven't you? Once you have completed your work?" Cecilia nodded. Ragnhild drifted her hand horizonally over he cup that Cecilia was holding and the now-tepid beverage was steaming hot, and topped back up. "I'll take you back to your room, and you must promise me you'll sleep, or at least rest and do no work at all." 88888888 A second Sunday sleep. This time, rather than the glow of an early sun leaking its rays over the landscape it was night time. Against all odds Cecilia had slept, her mind drifting to, alternately, her fall, Septimus, her being here again still, Remus, in whose name she had vowed she would help. Severus Snape, who was supposed to be bringing Lily Potter to speak to her, or at least silently give her the work via floo. Caelius. He had promised she would return, return to Septimus and real life and Remus. Her eyes, in the darkness that they were scrutinising, picked out main features of the room. Her head wanted her to be there now, to complete the work. Instead of just finishing it Cecilia still hadn't begun. Th fireplace glowed green shortly after she awoke, at nearly eleven that night. Cecilia expected to see Snape with the information she needed, but instead it was Petuna. Trying to hide her disappointment as the few hours' sleep she'd had had perked her up, Cecilia banished all thoughts of vampirism and Septimus, smiling a happy smile towards her friend. "And, how do you feel now?" Petunia asked, "are you well?" "Not bad," admitted Cecilia. "Perhaps this old woman needs glasses now so she can mind her step. How are things with you?" "I am quite well," Petunia replied, "as is Regulus. Dudley has made it into British Floo with his father - I'm so proud of him! Especially now there's been a ban on pensieve communication. They've let the children use them a little at school, but I expect that they'll put a stop to it soon." "Oh?" "Security. Oh, Cecilia, you wouldn't believe how terrible the situation is: conjurists professing their twisted beliefs; those like them only non-wizards...there's even wizards who are against the conjurists...Newers, they're called!" "Non-wizard reciprocators?" asked Cecilia, leaning towards the emerald floo-light in the darkness. "You've heard of them?" "Aberforth told me they used to work with the reciprocators. But not for a good many years. I think he said they'd disbanded." "Well, it seems they've revived. And they've been joined by wizards who appear to want to be seen being entirely against the conjurists. They all spend a lot of time protesting with placards in city centres of a weekend, camping out in the park near the Ministry's building in London." "Are they doing any good?" "Making headlines," replied Petunia, smiling. "There were a lot of newspapers sold on the day some of them did a protest in the nude, with placards in strategic places. That raised a good deal of interest, but I can't say that a lot of it was for their cause. Quite a lot of them have set up a peace camp at Greenham common. It's causing both governments a bit of a headache," she added, smirking a little. Cecilia smirked back, rubbing her head with the pads of her fingertips. Somehow, something didn't feel right and it didn't go unnoticed by Petunia. "You need to rest, Cecilia, let the effects of your fall go. Let everything that's worrying you, or you'll be no good to anyone." "You're the second person to tell me that today," Cecilia mused, pushing at her scalp again. "It's not just that," Cecilia continued. "Snape promised that I'd get the information I needed to continue with the interpretation of Auld Magic. He said that Harry'd be coming, not Lily. I - " She broke off, thinking of the letter that Raghild had offered to send on her behalf. "Septimus," half-guessed Petunua, her face one of sympathy. "He's doing well," she added. "Him and Darren are friends Cecilia, isn't that something? They're getting very excited about the Halloween Games. If only they got this enthusiastic about their lessons..." Petunia's attempt at small-talk fell to nothing and she waited for Cecilia to say something. "What did Lily get her award for, Pet? She was acclaimed for it, wasn't she, for her talent or her skill. Is she that important that she has withheld the information from me? That she or Snape won't tell me what I need to know to make progress?" "I don't think that's true," replied Petunia evenly, her dark hair bobbing as she spoke. "Didn't you say that Snape said it was Harry? You're better off with him," she added wryly. "Do you really want my sister lording it over you?" Cecilia had to admit her friend had a point. "So, I'll leave you to sleep, Cecilia," continued Petunia. "I'm so glad that I'm managing to talk to you," she added. "Smart, funny, handsome...and brilliant with the floo. Done something no-one else has managed, it's brilliant!" Cecilia was about to ask what, but Petunia was in full flow. "So glad I married Regulus Black." Cecilia smiled. Whatever happened, she was always pleased when Petunia joked like that. It reminded her not to feel sh was alone. And then, Petunia put her hand into the fire. "Floo nudge, Cecilia," she said, her friend's fingers appearing to show proud of the outer perimeter of the flame. Hastily, Cecilia leaned into the grate and felt for it. When their fingers touched, though, Cecilia was sure she sensed matter, flesh and bone, just for a few seconds. "Sleep, my dear, " soothed Petunia, who withdrew her hand quickly. Cecilia too pulled it back – the gesture, though short, seemed to take up a lot of energy and her muscles felt tired. "You've had a shock. It'll all seem so much better in the morning. When Cecilia awoke again it was nearly morning. Whether Snape, with Septimus or with Harry, there didn't seem to be any attempt to contact her. Nothing. The cross feeling Cecilia took to her first lesson of the day. Uncharacteristically she had organised three lessons for that day, three lessons where at least she wasn't going out of her mind with worry, or lack of progress. As the children departed her third lesson of the day, Cecilia felt herself getting crosser and crosser as she caught parts of the detailed conversation two of the fifth years were having rather loudly around her. John Cook spoke about "them and us" and it was quite clear to Cecilia that the "them" he was talking about were wizards. Wizards over whom they were superior, in skill, talent, or abiliy. Such people, Cook continued, should realise that their constitutional responsibility: if they weren't as good as the Durmstrang students, or any other wizard for that matter then the worth of their vote at any election should be reduced accordingly. Then came "better sort" and "entitlement" and at that point Cecilia ended the lesson about condensation polymerisation reactions and DNA structure as they went. It was more how they talked about wizads, not the words they used and it was beginning to dawn on Cecilia that her beautiful Septimus, and all of the wizards and witches at Hedgewards past, and present, were generalised as being in the "them" category. Her mood didn't lighten either as she paced around her room: Cecilia had felt the need to walk right back into the classroom and lock the door, something inside irking her about her lack of progess. There was nothing to be done for she had no material or anything to progress on. But at least she could do something of use for herself, even if was reorganise her stock-cupboard. And she might be able to get over feeling like this. Her fury had subsided by the time she had put her hand on the iron handle of the thick oak door, having brushed aside some third year students who thought that she may be opening up for a lesson. She did, however, tell them to return in the morning and added "porphyrin analysis" to the list of classes available for Tuesday. Then she closed the door, her back to it and she leaned heavily. Caelius really knew how to torment her, didn't he? Dangle the carrot so close to her face that Cecilia could almost smell the retinol, but add a thick wall between it and her, one which needed specialist tools which were not hasty in forthcoming. Even her chance to contact Septimus had been thwarted. She looked around her classroom. Cold, dark, it was the perfect place to store reagents of all kinds. Cold preserved, this was well known. Stepping over to her desk and pulling open the drawer at the bottom she rummaged amongst parchments and papers, discarded glassware, measuring items that would one day come in useful again. Nothing here would move her on, Cecilia knew. She's used all the ideas she had here. She needed new material, new raw material that either Snape, or Harry, or Lily possessed. Unless she had that, she'd never leave. Cecilia lay her head on it, left ear to the solid, lifeless oak. Severus knew how she felt! Septimus said that he did...but saying and feeling were two disconnected events in the mind of a boy. She thumped the desk, hard, her accumulated frustrations flowing out of her as it met the immovable surface. "And what did that table do to you?" Slowly, Cecilia raised her head. "How are you feeling, Mrs Lupin?" "Professor Halen?" I thought I'd locked the door, Cecilia thought. But the presence of the wizard didn't seem hostile to her; she didn't feel defensive. "And how do you feel, Mrs Lupin?" "Better," Cecilia conceded, smiling a little at the wizard's own smiling face. "Thank you for, well, saving my life." "It is no trouble at all. I wouldn't have wished for you to have been dashed into a thousand pieces on those rocks. How was your day?" He appoached the table and perched on the edge. "Tea?" he added, as he waited for her to reply. "That would be good," Cecilia nodded. "It was...well...it could have been better. I've a lot on my mind." The understatement of the century. She watched as the wizard got to his feet, drew his hand horizontally across the wood of the table, a tray of cups, saucers and teapot appearing in its wake. "Milk and sugar?" Lindvald Halen began to pour the tea and gestured to them. Cecilia shook her head. "Black," she nodded. "Thank you, Mr. Halen." "Call me Lind," nodded the wizard. "Lindvald Halen. It's good to meet yesterday's damsel in distress." "Hardly a damsel," Cecilia replied as the steam from her cup rose high into the cold air of her classroom. "Forty-one, just gone." And you look about twelve, she thought to herself, a little disparagingly. "How do you like your move to Durmstrang from..." "Beauxbatons," filled in Lind. "It is...different. Durmstrang students are autonomous here, as are the staff; the French school is more...collaborative. Wolfgang Broeck felt I had the necessary skills for the job, and offered to the President at the European Council to take on only wizards with a specialist skill, given the nature of the school. However, I fear it was my request have information shared amongst researchers that prompted the European president to make it compulsory." Ah, that was you, was it, thought Cecilia, darkly. A right kettle of fish you opened there, if you did. "How long have you been here?" "Two years, on or off," replied Cecilia, trying not to let the bitterness that she felt due to her circumstances come out. "The school were in desperate need of a teacher of non-wizard studies. I fitted the bill, and was in need of employment." The words at this point, which she wanted to say, that were screaming out from behind her larynx about Caelius and blackmail she hurriedly swallowed down along with a sip of tea, just to make sure it stayed hidden. "Did you attend Beauxbatons, Lindvald? Was that your school?" She leaned forward and smiled as the steam from his own tea began to fog up his spectacles. "I never went to school, learned everything at home." "But you work at Beauxbatons?" "I went there at the end of what would be the first NEWT year, when I was sixteen. I had learned everything I could from my surroundings my family spoke to the headteacher. If I was to progress I needed to take on formal study. I completed both years of work in nine weeks. It was then I began to teach. They were in need of a teacher of the natural laws of magic." "And now you're here?" "Yes. A change is as good as a rest, wouldn't you say? How about you?" Cecilia paused. Ragnhild, the truthteller that was more isolated than ever a teacher could be, and taught only three of four lessons every term knew why she was there. But here was a new person, one who had nevertheless saved her life, but with whom, her brain reminded her, despite his personable nature and clear intellect, should be treated cautiously. Anyway, Cecilia thought darkly, what about me? Auld Magic, and a vampire potion. Or kicking my heels until Caelius deigns to have me back. "Science," she replied, "advanced principles. Chemistry...biology...physics..." "Science!" Lindvald exclaimed, grinning widely. "Then you will understand when I tell you how I learned magic! On the farm, where I grew up and my parents taught me, I was a very poor student, I have to say," Lindvald grinned over the rim of his teacup. "However I was a very good observer of the world. I felt it; I heard it...when I'd lie on the open hills, I could hear it singing to me...well not exactly singing," he concededed, as Cecilia frowned, doubtfully. "But being...just being. Being alive, if you like, but rocks and minerals – everything. Everything has a vitality. I soon found that spells tap into this, they utilise this. And it was in this way that I learned. So," he paused, placing down the cup upon the saucer. He had magicked a very smart one; porcelain it seemed, with a very classy grey stripe just under the rim and around the edge of the saucer, the line itself edged in gold. "The energy from spells, of course they obey the wave equation, but they also obey the idea of energy being quantised. It wasn't until I got to Beauxbatons that I'd heard about science, and from then on I had a framwork, from the non-wizard physicists. It was the words to the thoughts I've always had. Seeing the effects of them, the move here,not ideal, but it is the highest concentration of what is sometimes known as "pure magic" cold conditions, wizards of "purest" blood carrying them out. If anything can be used as a standardised reading, this place – Mrs Lupin I apologise." Lindvald broke off, his brow furrowing and Cecilia realised that she was also frowning, and staring back at him too. "I have only just introduced myself and look, you know everything about me. Please excuse my forwardness." Cecilia smiled, putting down her cup also. It was usually her who went babbling on. "That's quite all right," replied Cecilia. "It makes a change to hear someone talking about something in this school other than work. I've had my fill of silence. "So, do you like this history of science, Mrs Lupin? The history of your disciplines? I met- I knew of a very famous scientist that you would undoubtedly have heard about, Isaac Newton?" Cecilia nodded, folding her fingers. So, just what was this young wizard about to tell her about one of the most famous scientists in history that would astonish her? "History of science...history of magic. It's just all the same, isn't it? Just different people growing together? Our similarities are most important, wouldn't you agree?" "Indeed," replied Cecilia, thinking about the particular science history that had put her where she was right at this moment. Too many differences there...and yet other scientists and wizards had seen to it that collaboration between them would continue. "Some would say it was because Hooke developed calculus first that Newton took against him. I say, was it just as straightforward as Hooke was having an affair with his wife?" Lindvald's face became twisted into quizzically. Cecilia frowned. What did he mean? If he knew anything about scientific history it was because Hooke also took his place in the Royal Society. She was about to correct him, that Newton never married and was a recluse for most of his life, but then the humour of it hit her. She smiled widely, acknowledging the joke. "Have you made a lot of headway? Developed any new spells?" "Yes...and no...I think I have a lot to do." "It doesn't help with the attitude of the children here." "The children here are a product of their upbringing, and being here does not help. That job is ours, is it not, to educate them, to understand this? You are probably the most important person for that job, Mrs Lupin. Hey, one side of her brain thought. You're only a baby. How dare you lecture me about what you think is the most important thing to do. The other enthusiastically agreed with his point. "And your research?" "It's complicated," replied Cecilia, trying not to sound guarded. "I am at a brick wall, thousands of feet high, and the tools I need to get me over it are on their way. Delayed by several months and it's getting...rather annoying, if I'm honest." "I have that feeling all the time. Well, he said, setting down his cup and backing towards the door, you seem better now, and the table's not suffering." Cecilia smiled. "It's been good talking to you, Cecilia." "You too, Lindvald," she replied as he stepped lightly across her room. As he closed the door her mind replayed what he'd told her about his work. As she too departed, back to her room and to prep some more lessons for the next day, she smiled inwardly at the very unexpected, pleasant conversation she had had with the young man. 88888888 "Snape! Is Septimus with you?" After silence for nearly forty-eight hours the floo-light in Cecilia's bedroom fireplace crackled into the image of her former work-colleague a mere five minutes after returning from her classroom. She drew herself to it, wondering why her ancillary magic, temporary as it was, didn't extend to being able to keep her room at an acceptable temperature. "I heard of a fall – are you well?" "Yes." Cecilia's answer was sharp and curt. "I'm fine," she added, hoping that would satisfy. "Just a few scrapes and bruises." "But you fell over a cliff!" "Luckily, a colleague of mine was there, a new wizard? By the name, would you believe, of Lindvald Halen. Have you heard of him?" There was a small pause, before Snape continued. "Only by name. He was the wizard that the headmaster, Wolfgang Broeck took on instead when they sent Felixssohn to us. We tried to send Struan Crowfoot and John Huxley-Baird but the but the headteacher said no, he needed specialists. Well, we all knew what that meant: I was glad it was Caelius who told them. He was very diplomatic, and still they caused hundreds of galleons-worth of damage to the staffroom nonetheless." Cecilia smiled for a moment. Hundreds of galleons-worth of improvements, surely? Cecilia thought wryly. And then her heart, filled with the frustrations of the day...of the days. "Is Septimus with you?" Snape shook his head. "I can arrange for you to speak to him later in the week? Would that suit you?" Cecilia felt her head sagging at her disappointment, and she looked at the flagstones. There was only one question she wanted to ask, and that was, "How is he? Remus? I cannot stop thinking about him, Severus!" She could feel the dread anticipation in her shoulders and head, waiting for either elation or despair. "Have you made any progress?" she pressed. "From the adjustments you suggested, we have the correct energy for the potion. The vector, and I do think it must be parasitic again, given how a vampire is drained of its energy. I still believe you're right: it must be adapted for the vacancy of the cell in the red blood, it must be draining the victim of its oxygen. Sunlight must affect the parasite, perhaps ultraviolet radiation from the sun. A certain wavelength and frequency, too much for the host to cope with. I agree with you that the skin lightens to allow for absorption under low light levels of Vitamin D. Clever. Biology and the process of adaptation...beautiful." There was silence. After a time, Severus Snape continued, "What have I said wrong, Cecilia?" "Nothing," Cecilia replied. "Nothing...I..." She bent her head, the feeling of dread and emptiness that she was where she was, with her husband so, so ill, with Septimus so far from her. "You've had a shock – look..." he looked pitifully at Cecilia through the flames, "you nearly plunged to your death." Cecilia looked at Snape as he tried his best at comforting words. "Septimus," sniffed Cecilia, swallowing down her feelings, "I need to see him, I need...my beautiful boy..." "Its nearly midnight. Septimus will be asleep, or at least he should be. In the morning, then? Before morning lessons?" Cecilia nodded. "I wonder, could your fall be to do with your proximity to such intense magic? I mean to say, Neville Longbottom's research, and with the students who are leaving next week. His work suggests a vastly reduced lifespan. You need to be careful, and - " "Why?" demanded Cecilia, feeling the damming of the floodgates being released again. "What exactly does that matter? I never was ill at Hedgewards!" Or Hogwarts, she continued, as a silent rage, the silence probably meant very little as Severus Snape was a master at legillimency. "And I have to earn my way back to my family, with no help from you, as you promised! Why me? I'm no-one of particular magical skill or ability! Haven't any other wizards, or non-wizards for that matter, hasn't anyone ever thought of trying to cure vampires? You're telling me we are the only two people ever to think about this? Because, it's only circumstances, Severus, as well you know, that lead me to be here, not talent. There are far more eminent biologists alive who could think about this!" "But none so unique, Mrs Lupin," replied Snape, tersely. "You are a product of your experiences, and your experiences span...dimensions...? We can only do what we can. And you are right, no-one else has considered it. Vampires by nature become arrogant upon infection and avoid human contact. They believe themselves to be superior to even wizards, expecially if, in their previous life they were one. Remus is the first casualty to be in such circumstances that he can be helped." There was silence, punctuated only by Cecilia's own quiet sobbing. "Cecilia, I have something to share with you Cecilia - I think you need to know th truth. We have known for some time now that Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore want to utilise the memories-store beyond the veil or their own nefaious purposes. Tabs is trying to find a way that this can be prevented. Only her, you can understand, because of her unique talent." Cecilia nodded, looking up at her colleague and smiling a little. And then her face crumpled again at the thought of the veil. Was all this too much for her to take? Too much to carry on? Perhaps it was better that Caelius had dumped her here, as close to thowing away the key as he could be. "What is the matter, Cecilia? Severus Snape leaned towards her, glowing green. "Just...the waiting," she concluded, as she looked at him again. "I need all my strength just to hold this all together! And there's the students here! So bigoted! If I could only speak freely!These young witches and wizards, cream of magical ability, thtinking like this; having such opinions. And in just a few years they're all going to be in charge of one of the most powerful governments in the world!" "Perhaps," soothed Snape. "But they soon discover that the world is not just Durmstrang or as how Durmstrangers see it. Hedgewards has our own wizards here who aspire to the European ministry." There was silence. Cecilia conceded defeat. Just hearing the children at Durmstrang and hating what they were saying – put it out of your mind and do the job in hand. "What did you find out from his DNA, Severus?" Cecilia took a deep breath and closed her eyes momentarily. If she were going to do that, whether she had thought it or she happened to be a victim of legillimency. "Are any changes occurring? Has anything happened to Remus yet physiologically? Because there must be a point in the metamorphosis where humanity ends and vampirism begins. And a point in the middle, a hinge. I wonder how far we are along that road?" Severus Snape paused, considering the DNA traces he'd examined, particularly the one of Septimus. It was none of his business really, why it is that he'd discovered what the trace so clearly suggested. "It seems Remus is still human, and the potion I have made has continued to allow him to remain so. The garlic, the allium satvum compound, has regulated the need for a blood transfusion; it suggests that the parasite's life cycle has been impeded. But it's not exacly analogous to lycanthropy. With that, the nitrate ions inhibit the water osmosis process in between cells - " " - stops the breeding cycle - " murmured Cecilia. " - yes, and the silver is enough of a toxin to eliminate the vector, the parasite that lives. Caelius, for example, still has parasite, but it is extinct. It isn't alive any more, and it cannot breed. Caelius can't become a werewolf. In fact he is just like a regular wizard - " Cecilia smiled wryly, and Snape returned the smile. " - I mean, he has no symptoms of lycanthropy, and never will. He sometimes feels ill, as I his body's cells have changed in some way, and the lycanthropy potion helps alleviate thes. Sirius Black will also receive the potion that will cure him permanently once he is strong enough." "So...the allium satvum," Cecilia was thinking now, all thoughts of emotion and upset gone from her mind, "this does what exactly? Some kind of chemical binding with the iron ions?" "Yes," nodded Snape. "It means the parasite has no physical place to be in the red blood cell. Therefore it dies. But this can only work slowly because, while the sulphur ion binds with the iron one, there is no place for the oxygen to be. Remus would quickly die if it happened quickly." "What about a total blood transfusion?" Cecilia was on her feet, slowly pacing now, reasoning aloud her ideas, her bare feet feeling the icy stones beneath far away in her mind. "The parasite would simply reproduce and inhabit those cells." "A quick one? Are there no healer spells that could immedately remove all of his blood, and replace it with a substitute?" It took a few moments for Cecilia to realise what she had said, a few moments to remember about the feeling that wizards had about blood. "I only meant - " "It's fine, Cecilia," replied Snape, evenly. "Slowly, then, using allium satvum to eliminate the virus slowly." "Red blood cells from the marrow are getting infected by ones still carrying the parasite. But slower, " he conceded, as Cecilia held his gaze. "Then that is what happen, for now, till we can come up with something better." "Indeed, Cecilia. Now, so that you can be in a fit state to talk to Septimus first thing in the morning, it would be a good idea to get some rest." It would. That was all she could do, here, for Remus. In fact, it was all she could do anywhere. Even the wizard most talented and best place to help him had done all he could, for now." "Don't doubt yourself, Cecilia. That place...it's twisted towards the bigoted. Don't let it get under your skin. Good night, Cecilia," finished Snape, and she turned to see that he hadn't gone from her fireplace. "I hope this has helped ease your mind, and you can focus on your teaching now." The fireplace dimmed, and Cecilia closed her eyes. Teaching. She knew she had lessons for tomorrow, and that she could manage them. But that all of this was on her mind, so much that she had nearly died that night, was worrying her. Could she remain here? Could she continue to be a spy? As Cecilia lay on her bed, she thought about this, and what Caelius had said to her. She was tying to get to the bottom of Auld Magic, and then, once she had done all she could, she would be able to return home. If there was anything that told her that at least one person believed she could do it, it was that she had two vials of potion under her bed made for a purpose that didn't exist. She would do it, Cecilia promised to herself, she would find a way of getting over her feelings, that would be the speediest way out of here. Do it, she thought, for Remus, she told herself firmly. Do it for Septimus too. And whatever you do, don't heap this on the lad in the morning. 88888888 5am dawned slower than she would have liked. Up, breakfasted by some very cheery house-elves and waiting, Cecilia thought on to the day's lessons ahead. Not for today – she needed time to get her head straight and make some proper plans for them – the last thing she wanted was to do anything that might arouse suspicions. Half an hour later Cecilia had spoken to Septimus, her heart gladdening with each second she was on the telephone, hearing about his excitement at the forthcoming games. He was obviously excited; he had made friends, and was doing well. Soon, she hoped, she would be home with him, and this nightmare which was working at Durmstrang. "Missing you, my love," Cecilia said, as it was time to go. "You'll be back for Christmas, Mum? Calelius says you will," he added, as if to add more weight to the reply he wanted. "I'm hoping that it will be far sooner, darling. Have you seen Dad?" "Yes. He is still asleep. I wish he could be woken up." "He is safe where he is. What more can we wish for than the finest potion-maker in the world to make him better?" "To have the finest scientist this world has ever seen take possession of this." This time it was not Septimus who had spoken, but Severus. At the edge of the floo Cecilia could see the edge of something, a document, like a letter. "But...but..." she remembered the potions Severus had sent her. They had taken an inordinate amount of energy to transmit. Yet these sheaves of paper seemed to be getting larger and larger in her fireplace, as if they themselves were actually appearing. "It was Regulus Black who's done it," explaned Seveus. "From the idea of the floo-nudge. Don't ask me how – he is a genius, that man." Cecilia stopped – the world stopped. As she watched the parchments fall out, and listened to Severus's overview a feeling of calmness overtook her. The tools she needed, to scale the wall thousands of feet high... "Septimus go to get his breakfast now, Cecilia." Snape's voice cut trough the silence that was enveloping her as she began to read the parchments. "It is getting early." In realisation Cecilia put down the parchments and leaned in towards her son, a feeling that a great weight had been lifted from her shoulders. "Septimus, sweetheart, I love you. You have fun; be safe." "See you soon, mum." 88888888 As Cecilia lay on her bed, thinking about the events of the last few days, thinking about the Auld Magic, thinking about Lindvald Halen and her fall, thinking about how she had finally, finally got what she needed to continue and the advances she thinks she had made for her beloved husband, said beloved husband was still lying alone, unconscious and incapacitated in the coldness of the critical ward at St. Mungo's. Well, not quite alone. "I'm here, my sweetness. I'm here, holding your hand." Tears were being absorbed into the bed linen as the person's emotions overcame them. "I love you. I love you, and I always will."
"So, dextro-rotatory molecules, I have a treat for you. You may have go early, and get in extra quidditch. You may get to dinner early. And you have completed your non-wizard studies module three weeks early! Congratulations! You may leave." Cecilia scanned her eyes over the students who were sitting before her. The very brightest stars in the wizardly sky, the pinnacle of genetic advantage in the wizard world, she had wondered whether she would actually be able to pull the lesson off. They were learning about chiral compounds, organic molecules whose four consisituent atoms or groups could be arranged in two different ways, called enantiomers of one another. Their naming came from a ranking system according to the importance of the atom ot molecule, and if they were arranged clockwise they were deemed "dextro-rotatory" – "right-handed molecules" and if anticlockwise, "levro-rotatory" – "left-handed". But she had decided to put a spin on the lesson. Organic chemistry was dull even with Cecilia's mind that got interested in minute details. Learning reaction after reaction under different conditions and with different reagents was not for her and, she could believe, not for her students. The usual context that she used, thalidomide, was a mere footnote in history for these children; but she persevered anyway for a few moments, and then she had asked the fifth-year wizards and witches before her to build the structures. The slant to the lesson had been one well-known: randomly choose a feature by which to discriminate, emphasise the brilliant qualities of the "better" and highlight the short-comings of the "worse". In this case, chirality. Cecilia never believed they would fall for it, but they had. All lesson, those who were had built, just by chance, "right-handed molecules" were praised, given favour, explained they were cleverer and more intuitive than the "left-handers"; she included historical examples; of left-handers being thought of as devilish; being made to write with their right hands. How left-handedness was known from the Latin as "sinister". The atmosphere in the classroom was markedly differerent and she could discern the divide. And all through some children randomly building chemical structures one way, and some the other. She had not let them leave, however; the "right-handers" were very keen to indulge in their "priviledge". The "left-handers", in contrast, were resigned to their "punishment" of cleaning up the muggle studies classroom. Cecilia had, instead, led them all out into the corridor, and then back in. She had not had parental consent for the lesson, and she was bordering on the unethical; the lesson could be stretched to student-autonomy to see whether this underlying prejudice would follow through – it usually did, and the effect of "promoting" or "demoting" one or other from a different group. She led the students to the entrance of the school, the foyer that was like a railway hall with large signs, not displaying train destinations, but lesson schedules. The some of the students, Pavlovian instincts attuned, began to pay attention to the noticeboards overhead. Suddenly there was a little disruption; the students began to jostle one another, pushing and elbowing, alien behaviour for Durmstrang. And, it would seem, some of the "right-handers" were delberately trying to disadvantage the "left-handers!" from getting what they wanted, even if they had no advantage themselves to gain. And then she asked the students what the connection would be between this lesson and the division in wizard society, given all they had been taught about civilisations and development of different communities and cultures. It took slightly longer than she had imagined, but the answer was one worth hearing. "I am no different to them." With that thought in her ears, a job well done despite the shaky ethical ground she had stood on – although what was better, she thought, than to challenge the ingrained prejudices fed to them here – Cecilia finished the lesson of the day and returned to her room, wondering how long it would take for the students would realise that the benefits of "right-handedness" did not in fact extend to the academic advancement of which she had said. The cold air from the window blew in in gusts, increasing as if a storm was on the way and the mild feeling of euphoric success she was experiencing just then, that made her intinctively want to go outside for a breath of fresh air was instantly tempered. She wondered instead whether Snape had had time to consider what she had said to him; if she could only feel that she was doing something for Remus, then at least she could focus her mind on whatever Caelius Lupin would consider to be acceptable in terms of understanding Auld Magic. An hour later, and reading through the notes she had made from those that Harry had sent to her Cecilia noticed the familiar flash and flicker in the fireplace that indicated someone – Snape, or Petunia, was trying to contact her. "The children are most well, fully engaged in their competitions," Snape replied when Cecilia asked about the Halloween Games. "Septimus's strategy with his friends should be a rather intriguing spectacle." "Why's that? What's he planned?" asked Cecilia, her heart sinking. Left in the care of the school and his peers, what had her son, and his friends, contrived to do? "Nothing untoward," Snape replied, smiling mirthfully. "You may speak to him yourself, if you wish." "Mum!" Septimus's keen face appeared in the flames and he beamed with the delight of what he, Rufus, Darren and Julian had in store, and he told her all about their strategy, using his owl and his broom. It didn't seem all that dangerous. In the context of a wizard school full of enthusiastic children armed with magic, she added to herself. "As long as you remember that me and your father want you alive at the end of it," she added. "And I don't think you'd want to embarrass your Uncle Kay," and Cecilia too felt herself smiling, genuinely happy at her son's excitement at school. "We won't mum. No-one's going to get hurt. And I'll tell dad all about it." When Snape finally returned to the floo, having packed Septimus off to supper and study, he told he that he had considered Cecilia's conjecture and from the evidence he too had come up with the same hypothesis. "I will incorporate it into his next dose," Snape finished, "I was due to take the next batch to the healers at St. Mungo's tonight; this has given me enough to refine it and make it more effective." When th fire finally dimmed Cecilia sat for a moment in the darkness, the weather outside worsening and the sunlight fading to nothing, wondering about the strange but familiar feeling she was experiencing in her stomach. She recognised it, and it was to do with things falling into place. Despite not being able to remember the name of this feeing, Cecilia hoped that it would remain. 88888888 Harry, preparing a shopping list for their Saturday night party had been expcting Hermione over an hour before. He knew that she was working keenly and enthusiastically at the office in order to prepare for her first day, next Monday, 1st November. He had been delighted that it had been sooner rather than later that Severus Snape had asked him to speak to Cecilia. Before Septimus had come to see Snape, they had spoken. Cecilia had seemed, well, rather normal when he had gone through the details, the histoical case-studies of wizard spells and power that had been anecdotally written and stored in folders in the dusty ministry vaults. It was a relief, somehow, as if the sharing of this information meant that it had a pupose after all; that his mother, and other wizards besides had not spent hours collecting field or interview notes about common themes, only for them not to be used. Harry knew that, with Mrs Frobisher all of the work would be taken into account and he was touched in the way that she had expresssed sorrrow that she had had a falling out with his mum. He had, in turn, had expresssed regret over Remus, not just as his father's friend, but as her husband, and as a father too. Cecilia had enquired about Sam and wished him luck. She had remenisced about when she had first arrived and Sam had been four or five, and apologised for the book. Harry had thought it was a strange thing to apologise for, but Mrs Lupin was prone to being interested in things people had long forgotten about. And then she had asked, "Are you going to the Games?" Harry had said that he was, and she wished him the a good time. She had also asked if he could pass on he love to Septimus, and to the other children, the Reciprocators and, well, practically anyone who knew her. Cecilia's tone a little withdrawn – clearly it would have meant a great deal to Cecilia had she gone. At least he could speak to her afterwards and tell her how it had gone. Or, if not him, someone would. Now at home, and Hermione still at work in the London office Harry began to think ahead about the party, wondrering what to wear, what Hermione would be wearing; whether Ron would come alone or accompanied. Hermione wouldn't be long in, and when she got back, four days before the 30th October, the date of the party, she would undoubtedly discuss her job again. Harry enjoyed listening to her. She would be in her element on Saturday. And himself? He was just glad to have been able to help out the very strange Mrs Lupin. 8888888 Light though the clouds were Tabitha still had to push with a good deal of power in her legs as she tried to climb quickly, their texture like nebulous quicksand. She could see the figure in the diistance and she forced herself over the top. She needed to get to him; he was much further ahead than she would have liked – who was he? But...Tabitha caught hard to – nothing – and held it tightly. The untruth and truth here collided again; ahead, on what might be described as "the horizon", like matter and antimatter that defined a vacuum as almost nothing. She made to grab tighter, ducking down below the rim of the memory in which she had just been in. In its wake, as the wave's frequency dropped, the vibrations that it had caused ebbed to nothing. Tabitha peeked upwards, like a rabbit checking for the absence of the dog, cautiously and attentively. When she knew it had passed and wasn't coming back – not yet in any case – Tabitha looked over to where she knew the man was - dammit! Where once she knew that the person, the man, the figure had been, that interpretation of three dimensions did not exist any more! She couldn't see anyone. And yet... ...there! This time, she told herself sternly as she scrambled to the top and stood aloft on the clouds, he wasn't going to get away from her this time 8888888 A crackling in the grate, and this time Cecilia, who was reading the words in Harry's work using the fire she'd created, underlining and annotating as she went, turned her head as fire flames changed from warm orange to cool green. "Severus?" She leaned over her shoulder, crumpling her work into her lap. "How- oh! Petunia! She looked back and pushed the paper away from her and onto the floor before coming closer and kneeling in front of her friend's image. "Yes," nodded Petunia. "Do you have it?" "Have what?" "In front of you," she clarified, "...something?" Cecilia looked down. In the darkness it was hard to tell but...there was something. She put her hand in the flames, which merely tickled, and fumbled around a little until her hand came to a solid object. Pulling it up she inspected it careully. "I know you birthday was earlier in the month," said Petunia, a little apologetically, "but, it's...just..." As her words stopped, in front of her materialised a present, its matter appearing as she spoke. "I'm sorry to have forgotten you, Cecilia," she added apologetically. "Regulus managed to bypass the energy circuit – anything this big would register with the Ministry as a large intake of magical energy." In front of her eyes a parcel, as real as anything, glimmered as the floo-light reflected off its uneven surface. Cecilia put her hand forward - thee "May I open it?" "Of course! It's nearly three weeks' late. Or forty-nine weeks early!" Cecilia smiled, then pulled a the wrapping. A cardigan, mint-green, loopy stitching with a cable-patterned front panel on each side; big, baggy, something in which to get wrapped up. "Do you like it?" "I love it! Oh Petunia, you made this?" Her friend's head bobbed in the fireplace. She knew Petunia did sew, knit and crochet. But to make her this and, knowing Petunia, barring its means of transport, the cardigan would be entirely made in a non-wizard way. She put it on and draped it over her shoulders. "How will children feel about the Games?" Cecilia continued, thinking about the Saturday events that were growing ever closer. "You going?" "Yes. All parents are invited. I can't wait to see what Darren and Sepitmus have come up with. I have to say the whole concept has really lifted spirits, and unified the lot of them. And how do you feel, Cecilia?" As she looked back at her friend, she thought for a moment. Also good. Also invigorated and renewed, as if her task had been washed clean of the mire into which it had fallen. They chatted a little longer about mundane, everyday things before they both disconnected and the feeling of happiness, yes, she did feel that inside. Petunia offered a floo-nudge and promised to get back in touch to tell her how Septimus was. Cecilia lay on the flagstone floor in her birthday cardigan, trying to visualise the words on the paper which had arrived in her possession two days before as she thought about the word she had declared Petunia to be feeling. Happiness. It had been so long since Cecilia had felt that emotion that she had almost forgotten the pleasant tingling as it manifested inside her. But the notes weren't making as much sense as she'd hoped. No. It wasn't working. Suddenly, the urge to wander overcame her. Pacing was something that worked for her, a firm, steady rhythm as she paced the castle – definitely not outside at this time, considering Sunday. Cecilia wound her way around the castle, an image of the past flickering into her mind, of wizards living at one with nature, using its natural forces a form of help. Not using the gifts nature gave but living with them, as a kind of symbiosis. But, how did that image of the past connect to now? How could it be traced to the wizards today, their lives well-divorced from the world, like those deprived, urban children who got confused when they found out where milk actually came from. Around and around the castle she wove, turning and twisting, thinking, feeling... ...and it was only the light from a room ahead, glowing like a miniature sun into the dense darkness when her mind was brought to the present. Cecilia didn't know why she approached the glow. Perhaps an insect-like curiosity, or the fact that all light sources became a fascination to someone or something. It was Lindvald's fingers she noticed first, as the wizard bent at an acute angle over the desk that was just inside the room. Long, slim, like a piano-players', they dextrously manipulated the quill pen into letters onto the paper in front of him. She continued to watch him in fascination as he wrote, as his torso moved in and out as he breathed; how his hair was slicked back to one side, his nose long and aquiline, a pair of spectacles perched on a small lump about half-way down, like a close-working jeweller might work, his hand steady and slow as he pushed the quill, his slim body still and straight. Cecilia tried to imagine this wizard, growing up and learning about magic anew, with little guidance, learning spells experientially and by instinct. Somehow, it seemed the right way to go about aquiring and attuning magical ability. She looked at him again, her eyes following the small dark curl in the middle of his forehead then making her way down towards his nose and lips, pursed in concentration Lindvald was biting a little on his lower one as he concentrated. A young wizard, not yet thirty, her thoughts went on, but well-spoken and insightful, as if he had a weight of knowledge and expeience inside his pleasant features, behind his brilliantly-shining eyes and she wondered what might be going on just behind them and Cecilia wondered whether he would approve of her teaching methods that afternoon. And he hadn't been thanked well enough for saving her life. When she realised she had been staring, and probably for a rather long time, Cecilia turned back from the open doorway, pressing her back towards the bricks in shame, the tingle of happiness now jostling for primacy along with another feeling, of a knotty variety in the pit of her stomach. Pacing back purposefully, her notes grasped firmly in hand Cecilia made her way back to her room, trying to force the image of Professor Halen from her mind and replacing it with Harry's mother's work. Lindvald Halen watched her go, the air moving in her wake. 88888888 Encircling his arms around his lover, Gellert Grindelwald watched as the zephyrs coiled and twisted like a wriggling, mirthful infant shifting under the hand of its parent. This, the prime pensieve, had been a lifetime of work for Albus Dumbledore. To fail now would mean the end of any plans they'd ever connived. "Are the plans unfolding as expected, Albus?" "Yes." The wizard, his long, white beard trailing on the floor and onto the ground, stood motionless, he too casting a fatherly eye over their creation. "The portable pensieves are being used again. Our collaborator in the North can call together those faithful and enact the destruction we have devised." "Hm..." nodded Grindelwald, reaching round and stroking his lover's beard. "And it will be in time for the transitioning of worlds? "Indeed." Albus knew that Grindelwald was impatient to get going. His lover would have to learn to be patient. "We just have to have patience. We just need to wait a little longer and..." ...yes...Dumbledore could see into the Prime Pensieve. "Coventry, my beloved. Swales will have done as commanded and will soon be now in custody of the Ministry for Magic. Coventry. Untraceable to us." "And then? Will we have...?" Dumbledore turned, looking into the face of the terrible, magnificent wizard with whom power and glory were synonymous. "We will, oh my love...very soon...very soon." He placed a forefinger on Gindelwald's pouted lips as snow fell lightly and softly without. "We have two out of the three non-transmutable obects, and soon...soon we will have the third. He will bring it to us."
"I can't believe they've banned pensieves again!" Though it was still early the leaden sky was shielding out a lot of any of the light that an otherwise clear Halloween evening might give. Under one arm Septimus carried his lightningshot as he, Darren, Rufus and a still-unsteady Julian made their way towards the Quidditch pitch. The last few days had been marvellous, and a marvellous coup for Caelius Lupin and Severus Snape: two days before, the Thursday, the Games had begun, being opened officially by Rufus's mother, Bellatrix Lestrange, Minister for Sport, and which had seen half a day of the quidditch tournament, played for points, rather than game-wins with the same yesterday. Slytherin and Gryffindor tied for points and Hufflepuff were third with an absolutely stupendous tactical exchange of points half an hour in before the golden snitch, deemed pointless in this tournament pointless was what the crowd were shouting at any rate - was caught by their seeker to end the game. There had been little in it; this afternoon, following the Lower Hunt, towards the which the four were making their way, would be see Hufflepuff play Slytherin and Gryffindor play Ravenclaw for a place each in the final, which would be played the next day, Halloween. The day before had also included a competition that tested the intellectual capacity of the students. Two teams, one from the fourth and fifth years and one from the NEWT years, with at least one non-wizard from each house, competed on general magical and non-magical knowledge, spells, defence, occlumency and wand skills. That had been a sight behold, especially the defence put up by William Swales, from Ravenclaw to Edward Herbert of Slytherin which consisted of holding up his chair as if he were a lion tamer from an old-fashioned circus, trying to fend off Swales' disarming spell. It might have worked too but for Swales backing up to the spectators and falling over Professor Huxley-Baird, resulting in the whole of the Great Hall erupting in laughter. Ravenclaw, predictably, ran a clear lead here, with Slytherin second and, with a point less, Gryffindor. Poor Hufflepuff's three points were enough to make their captain put her head down on the table in front of her, defeated. Jason Crudlington, the fifth-year non-wizard and one who had been almost entirely well as the rest of the non-wizards had, in turn, entered the hospital-wing, patted her reassuringly on the arm, telling her that they would make it up in the quidditch. "It's just while the Games are on, Daz," replied Septimus, stepping over the rough, uneven ground with the rest of the school population. "I know your mum said you could have one – but there'd be no-one to talk to." "I know, but still," replied Darren, his eyes looking ahead, "it's ages till my birthday, and mum said I could have one now. But she won't have brought it with her today, now." "December's not that far away," replied Julian, their pace slow enough for him to keep up. Perhaps it had been the fresh air, or their illicit training sessions that week which, but he was definitely feeling noticeably better. "And it's the start of December too. Not like poor Opal; she has to make do with "one big one" for her birthday and for Christmas." "When's her birthday then?" "Hm?" "Your sister's?" They made their way down to the incline towards the stands, the light seeming a little brighter down here and Septimus looked up at the break in the clouds. Julian too, he considered. He looked a little brighter than he had done. "December 24th. She'll be nine. I mean, mum and dad don't do it, of course, nor me. But our grandparents do, and Uncle Rich. And some of her schoolfriends." "That's not fair," agreed Darren. "Yes, at least I get my birthday. When's your's, Julian?" "February 5th." "What about yours, Rufus?" "Hmmm?" As usual, Rufus, managing in his daydreams to be nimble and sprightly, walking alongside them without tripping up over the half-hidden granite boulders, was away with the fairies. "Was it a lovely journey?" Darren continued, as the stands loomed higher, filling quickly as the were with students and adults, parents and teachers. Even some ministry wizards, Septimus noticed as Darren gently teased Rufus in a manner in which they had all grown accustomed. "Eh?" "To fairyland? Met the Queen? Had a tea party?" Septimus and Julian chuckled quietly, appreciating their friend's mental meanderings. "I was just thinking," nodded Rufus as the clouds rolled together again, the sky growing darker against the pumpkin-lantern-lit arena, "if anyone else has thought of using their owl. I wonder whether your little Dorielle will have had enough training not to decide to follow them to find a night-perch. Especially how dark it's getting." "We can only hope," replied Septimus, evenly, looking up at the people who were now getting themselves seated around the quidditch pitch. "You have her well-trained, Rufus, she knows where we'll be; she knows what to do for each call. We have the equipment - " Septimus gestured towards the fastet broom on the planet, "and thanks to Darren and Jules the plan. I think you've pretty much won it for us." Around them the other teams entering the Lower Hunt, from the first three years of the school, all including one non-wizard. That had been a challenge for some teams – so many of the non-wizards at Hedgewards were so ill, several of them having returned home that week and the rest due to go the next day, after the Halloween feast. "We can't say that yet, " cautioned Julian as the rest of the Lower Hunt competitors began to collect at the west end of the quidditch pitch just underneath the hoop. "Darren asked when your birthday was, Rufus?" he added, nodding stiffly as Ariella, with Ro Williams, Gertrude Harris and the non-wizard Gordy Spings in her team to whom she had lent her wand in the train on the journey to Hedgewards and had met the ire of her brother, waved enthusiastically at him. "18th August," replied Rufus, who looked around them. "Isn't that Ariella?" h continued, pointing in the direction of the Ravenclaw stand. "Isn't that Ariella waving to you, Rocky?" clarified Darren, nudging Septimus, who was leaning against his Lightningshot. Julian instantly reddened, turning his head to the stands above where the parents were assembling, before scowling at all of them as Darren gestured to her to come over. "Isn't it great?" Ariella's eyes sparkled in the lantern-light as she too looked around at the crowds. "Wizards and non-wizards together! Just as it should be – oh! Mum will be so pleased," she added, catching sight of Ann Blewitt and waving. Her mother, alike to Ariella in every way, petite, mousy-haired and an expression of determined enthusiasm, waved back down. "You all set then?" asked Darren, "you, and Ro, and Gertrude? And, ha-ha!...Gordy?" Septimus nudged him sharply to stop him tittering at the poor boy who seemed to only have been invited to join them as the rest of the non-wizards who were fit and able had already been taken by other teams. "Oh yes! I can't say we'll win, but we'll give it a good go." She looked across to Julian, her eyes sparkling. The wind caught her hair and it flew outwards, and she carried on talking anyway as she fought to tame it. The gust had caught the lightnignshot too, and Septimus held onto it tighter. "I mean, that's what it's about. Being part of it. More than winning." And trying not to fall off in this weather, thought Septimus, as the realisation of what they had planned to do was settling into the backdrop of the arena, on this cold, dull, blustery day that was threatening what would be, if it happened by the look of the clouds – Julian had trained him well in meteorology – icy rain. "It's winning for me!" returned Julian, his mind far away from the weather. "I mean, yes, it's good to take part, but what's the point if you're not going to want to win? That's how you do your best. I mean, it's not much of a competition if you don't want to try to win..." He tailed of awkwardly, and Septimus and Darren went quiet too. Ariella hadn't seemed to notice. "I've got a few more to join, Julian!" The young girl leaned in towards him, pulling back her robe-sleeve surreptitiously. He looked down, as did Darren, Septimus and Rufus. The entwined "C" symbol, crossed through on her arm. "I've got to be careful who I ask. Ro and Gertrude are with me, and Gordy. I wasn't so sure about Gertrude, but she's certain she's not a C- well...you know! Mum will be so pleased that I've raised awareness of anti-conjurism!".. "We'd better be careful here though," Darren replied, "we don't want people to find out, we might get in trouble." "It's great what you're doing," agreed Julian, folding down his own sleeve, showing off his matching pen-drawn symbol of resistance. "You too. I know you're against them...and, symbol or no, it doesn't matter, because it's in your soul if you're an anti-conjurist. Just some people need a symbol to remind them. Well, I'd better - " Ariella was about to turn and indicate to them that she was going back to her group when she stopped, her face frozen. Septimus, who had just been thinking how astute her insight was, looked where she was and froze too, taking in the expression of her brother. Fraser Blewitt, flanked closely by Henry Swales stood in their eyeline. He leaned down towards Ariella and eyed her fiercely. "Go away, Ariella! What are these boys doing, eh? Talking to you? Especially a...m- " Henry nudged him. "Non-wizard?" He spoke the words as if he'd just eaten something foul-tasting, a matching expression dissolving across his features. "Yes, Fraser," nodded Ariella, all at once the mouse of her former self appeared, and she scuttled back over to her team, standing as they were with the other Ravenclaw Lower Hunt team near the Ravenclaw stand. At once, the two girls crowded around her, leaving Gordon Springs to stand next to them, a look of bewildered confusion on his face. Septimus throught that Fraser was going to make towards Gordy but instead he turned back to Julian. "So...meeting up with my sister...? Out of hours...? At night...?" "Hardly," retorted Julian. "I've not been long out of hospital, and with a tournament to win, I've been training." He looked around to Septimus, Darren and Remus, who all nodded in agreement. "Well, that's not what I've heard," he snarled, leaning closer. "And besides, if this was true, the only time you could be training is out of hours, which is strictly against the school rules. As. Well. You. Know." Blewitt punctuated the last sentence with his finger, stabbing it in Julian's direction. "I can have you expelled for this. Or worse..." "Why don't you just leave him alone?" Darren, quick to temper, his dark eyes shimmering, stepped up in defence of his friend. "Why you - " Fraser's face darkend and he stepped towards Darren this time which did nothing to cause the boy to retract the challenge. Fraser towered down over him. "And you, Darren Black, are not much better than that - " he stabbed his finger towards Julian. "Your father can barely do magic, or your brother! And your mother's a mental-case! You just want to - " "Careful," warned Henry Swales, nudging at Blewitt. Fraser turned, and was about to question his friend, but instead turned back to Julian. Septimus thought he could see for a moment the image of the symbol that Ariella had encouraged them to draw on their arms, without the strikethrough. "He's a damned MISBORN!" hissed Fraser through his teeth, and at once made for Julian, his arms outstretched. "Leave him!" declared a voice next to Septimus, and at once, Fraser Blewitt was hauled off the young non-wizard: Sam Potter, with Jason Crudglington from Hufflefpuff had grabbed the older boy's arms and both stood between them and Fraser. Henry Swales took a step back, taking the hint, but Fraser stepped towards Sam. "Watch it, Blewitt," warned Jason, his sportingphysique having been the cause of Blewitt being floored at the bottom of the stairs in front of the entrance to the Great Hall a week ago when he'd tried to pick an argument with Crystallia Brandt about Sam. "I am sure these boys would give testament to what I thought I heard you just say." Before Jason or Sam could press the matter further, Blewitt and Swales retreated, stalking off towards the Slytherin House colours, muttered words between them and a few backwards looks at the four young boys. "Just what was going on there?" asked Sam to them all, his eye coming to rest on Septimus. "We don't really know," replied Septimus, honestly. "Ariella came over to us to talk, then Fraser shouted at her and then us." There was a pause. Was he going to get into trouble now? Were they all? "My best advice," continued Sam Potter, as he bent down to them all kindly, "is to avoid the Blewitts. Ariella too. So," he added, changing the subject before any of the boys could question him, "what's the plan?" "To win!" declared Julian, the shock of what had just happened appearing not to have troubled his competitive spirit, at least. "We've a plan, and - " "You'll see!" finished Darren, nudging the others. "Ok," laughed Sam, and Jason too, "if you don't want to tell us. I'll look forward to watching you in action. I've seen your mum up there, Darren, in the parents' section. Will yours be here, Julian? I know the non-wizard parents have been invited." "Yes!" Julian pointed towards the stand where Mr. and Mrs. Scott were just getting seated. Next to them a white-blonde haired girl of about nine, who Septimus knew to be Opal. "Which are your parents, Darren?" When he pointed, to just the row behind the Scotts, Septimus was about to say that no, surely that was Sirius Black, not Regulus, but his eye was drawn a few seats along to Sirius, sitting next to Sam's dad and he pointed him out to the older boy. "Yes, my parents are sitting there, and a couple of seats saved for Harry and Hermione. I don't know where mum is, come to that, she was there. I wonder if she's decided to help out." Behind them were a few other empty seats and he watched for a moment as some wizards, who looked like they were from the ministry with the look of their hats emblazoned with an "M". He wondered where his uncle was going to be. "Up there," pointed Sam, as if he could hear what Septimus was thinking (and, given where they all were, this might be the case). Near the commentry box was another seating section in which the school colours hung. A few seats were positioned inside and from it led a trail of steps down to the side of the quidditch pitch. "That's where Severus will be too, and - " " - look, there's mum!" Rufus pointed as a witch, tall, with a black hat the same as the ministry wizards, hers with an additional quaffle and quidditch hoop sewn on for good measure. Madam Lestrange, Severus knew, was the minister for magical sport, and she was stepping down from the commentary box and with her, following close behind, was what looked like a quidditch team, possibly the England team, Septimus wasn't sure. "Got to go. I'm needed," Jason said suddenly, and Septimus realised that the older boy was dressed in the same kit as the other players. "Look," nudged Julian to Septimus, before the he could wonder any more about the quidditch players, and he pointed to the parents' stand again. Mum and Dad are waving! Hello! HELLO!" He waved back, animatedly, and his parents got to their feet and waved wildly back. Septimus looked up back to the official box, looking for Caelius. A pang of sadness then struck him, as he couldn't see his uncle. All these people...all these parents...how he so wished that his own parents to could be there, to watch him fly...his dad was still so ill, despite Professor Snape telling him that the potion he has made had allowed his Dad not to get any worse. And his mum, who had bought him the lightningshot...if she could only be there, and - " "Are these your friends, Julian?" Sepimus was pulled out of his own sorrowful thoughts as he heard the voice of his friend's mum close by, shortly followed by those of his uncle. "It is very good to see you here, Mr. and Mrs Scott," cut in Caelius, shaking hands warmly with Julian's dad. "How was your journey?" "Well, a little uncomfortable," conceded Mrs Scott, frowning a little as Caelius took her hand as well. "When we were told we were going to travel by bus...but - " she added, " - we got here. And...oh darling! We got the messages that you'd been ill. Minister Lupin came to see us personally! You don't look the best, but not too bad, I see?" "I'm feeling better, mum," replied Julian carefully, grinning at his sister, who was giving him the thumbs up. "I want to stay," he added, "like you suggested, and - " "Never mind that just yet, son," replied his father, looking around furtively. "Have you, you know, looked at any of the rocks here? Are they the Cambrian basalt we expect? Or are they, you know, different...?" "Kenneth!" exclaimed Mrs Scott, exasperatedly, "we came here to watch our son's sport's game. And, considering it's not football, you might want to watch what it is." As she spoke, the flood-lanterns flickered on, their intense beams lighting up their faces. Caelius ushered them round to the steps whence they had descended. "I believe the games are going to begin," he interpreted, nodding at the four to go to the Gryffindor end, where the participants in the Lower Hunt were waiting until their turn. "Your parents will see you all later, at the dinner," he added, as if that settled matters. Septimus, Rufus, Julian and Darren began to make their way over, the other house teams doing the same as a crackling was heard over the microphone. As he sat down Septimus watched, the little knot in his stomach reappearing as he saw Darren's mum lean over to Mrs Scott and have a few what seemed to be pleasant words, Sam's dad James Potter doing the same to Kenneth Scott, extending a hand, both men shaking. Septimus was about to say something to Julian and Darren when his friend stood up and pointed. In the commentary box, next to Rufus's mum Bellatrix, Minister for Sport, were seven premiership footballers, all waving as Mrs Lestrange spoke. The spotlights rested on the players, all waving in the box and, as she announced their names, they came down the steps from the box still waving, cheers bursting from little areas all around the quidditch stadium. Clearly those non-wizards, and some wizards too who followed the beautiful game were recognising the men. "It's Fabricio! Sep! Darren! Look! Joe Hart! Van Persie! Wow!" he added, nudging Rufus, who looked up from his portable pensieve, "and...Wayne Rooney!" Julian looked back down at his friend. "Ruf! Aren't you listening to me? All those footballers! Here! At Hedgewards!" He frowned. "I thought you'd given yours to the McGonagall with the rest of them," he added. "Hmm?" Rufus looked up, pulling out an earphone. "This? It's mum's. She's the only one allowed to have a PP today. She let me borrow it so I could harmonise the plant and tree vibrations I recorded onto mine. I've nearly managed to sync them." "Aren't you listening?" Julian continued, ignoring Rufus's explanation of his musical interest. "There's real life premiership footballers walking around our quidditch pitch! Ronaldo! Oh my Lord, Messi for heavens' sake!" Rufus leaned forward, raising his arm, his curly hair bobbing as he waved to his mum, who was, as usual, dressed in what looked like golf four plusses tucked into ribbed walking socks, what looked like a yellow and blue striped rugby jersey and quidditch boots on, her hair bobbing madly back as she paused in her introduction of the wizard quidditch players, aloft and circling above the footballers, to wave back to Rufus. "She's been playing them with the England quidditch first team since just before we came to school. It's the game I told you about, - " But whatever Rufus was about to say he didn't have the chance for, just as Bellatrix was about to continue with her introduction of the players another voice was heard over the tannoy. "Thank you, Madam Lestrange, for the beginnings of your explanation of - " " - quibball!" finished Rufus, as Severus Snape, neatly presented in black, stiff clothes and straight hair as if the whole of their headmaster had been ironed, continued. "May I allow you to continue shortly." He paused, the pumpkin-lantern-light illuminating the box as he addressed the school, the parents and the ministry wizards. "I wish, on behalf of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry welcome you all warmly to this, our three hundredth Halloween Games." A short pause allowed for the applause that came, and went, quickly. "We have revived the games in the spirit of sportsmanship, last played in 1967, to encourage friendship, teamwork, discipline and honour. The games have grown to incorporate the non-wizard students who have, due to the hard work of the school staff, not to mention Minister Caelius Lupin - " the spotlights moved across to Caelius, who was sitting to Snape's right looking a little uneasy " - and of course you, parents of the students, whose hard work, patience and belief in our vision for all children has been a resounding success!" Fewer claps this time, Septimus noticed and a few murmurs from the crowd behind him. Pehaps not the whole of Severus Snape's speech was being accepted as wholeheartedly as what had come before. "The non-wizard students may be collected tormorrow for it is, in deference to the season, historically Samhain, and a holiday!" That was more like it, thought Septimus. Snape had all of his audience on side with that one. Everyone liked a holiday, and after that a lot of the non-wizards, especially those who had been particularly ill would be allowed home. A nice move, Septimus thought to himself. His Uncle Kay had explained that it would limit questions about the non-wizards who had been very ill, and of whom there were still several in the hospital-wing, and the return of so few of them come Monday. "Tomorrow, Halloween Day, will see the inter-house Quidditch final, to which you, parents and ministers as well as students, are invited to attend, as so to tomorrow's feast. After tonight's Lower Hunt there will also be a light supper in which you may join the students." Snape continued to look around the crowd, noting the parents who had come, several non-wizard parents which, he concluded, would suit Caelius's cause. The Reciprocators. The Ministry. "I am delighted to see so many of you today in support of our young wizards. With the currrent climate of threats to liberty and fairness to all it is important now more than ever that we continue embracing the skills and talents not only of those with magic, but those without. For security reasons we asked that portable pensieves be left at home. We will be taking moving and non-moving picures, and are delighted to offer these at cost price, please see your child's head of house for details. And so now," Snape concluded, the pumplin spotlight shifting down to the field, "I would hand over to Madam Lestrange, the Wizard Minister for Sport." "Thank you, Headmaster." Bellatrix Lestrange's voice now suddenly filled the stadium, and it wasn't until she leaned further forward that Septimus could see that the microphone she had was not in her hand but instead hovering six inches from her mouth and hovering just before her, moving as she did. The stadium was silent as she spoke. "It was just a few months ago when - is this thing on?" She spoke louder into the microphone, bending over it and tapping at the hashed metal, causing a shock of feedback and lots of calls of "ouch! You just had to say!" before the microphone increased its amplitude. " - like I was saying a few months ago Head Minister Caelius Lupin charged me with devising a game which would allow both wizards and non-wizards to compete. I took seven of the best from quidditch and seven of the best from football - " around the grass and above in the air the lights illuminated the players who acknowledged the annoucement with waves and smiles, " - to realise my idea of a universal game that could be played by anyone no matter their ability." As she spoke the stadium, as one, watched as the players began to position themselves around the field. As they did so, two of the quidditch hoops at each end disappeared leaving the one large hoop. Below each a goal post appeared, the hoop perched in the centre of it, at its usual height. "Isn't this amazing?" Mick Mullen, usually the twin who kept his cool the most enthused as the game began, nudged his brother, who grinned, an equally unnerving sight to the rest to the reciprocators. But it was a truly amazing sight. A game like no other. "As you can see, each side has seven players, four on the ground and three in the air. It can be alternated, according to the captain and substitutions, but the game begins in this way. The captain, aloft in the sky, begins the game by throwing down the ball." "That quaffle's going to make a pretty great hole in the pitch down there," commented Dave Mullen to Mick, "lets hope the footballers don't get underneath or one will have a serious headache!" But, much to their and the rest of the onlookers' amazement the quaffle changed as it got level to the top of the goal into a football where Fabricio nudged it with his foot and kneed it towards Wayne Rooney. "The game continues like this – if it's on the ground the footballers carry on as if it's a football game. If it's kicked higher than the crossbar it becomes a quaffle again and the quidditch players play as if it's quidditch. Tactics can be used, such as strategic dropping and kicking upwards. Quidditch players can swoop low - " at Bellatrix's word Genge Bulow, usually a seeker swept past Madam Lestrange, leaving her hair blowing in his wake as he cannily demonstrated her point. " - thank you Genge," she acknowledged, " - and intercept the ball. Especially good near goal time." The quibball demonstration continued as brilliant quidditch players and brilliant footballers showed their skills and what to Septimus looked like an exciting game. It got even more intense as Jason Crudglington, who had apparently been in the under 15s squad of a premiership football team before he came to Hedgewards in September went to sub-in for Lionel Messi, high-fiving the man as he exhanged places downfield with him. Despite not being able to fly Jason attended every Hufflepuff quidditch training – in fact any quidditch, whether training with other teams, or games, tournaments and matches – and his sporting aptitude immediately shone through as he launched the ball to Stroud high abov him, positioning himself nearer the goal as the wizard dropped the quaffle-soon-to-be-football down to earth. It was easily scooped up by Crudglington and flung into the top left-hand corner of the net, Joe Hart unable to stop it. The crowd erupted, transfixed with the game, and Jason Crudglington's clear ability too, his nickname of "Crudders" being chanted around the stand. "Wow, that boy can really play," marvelled Julian, nodding towards Septimus. "Well, I think that's a resounding success," nodded Dave to his brother again; from their place in the stands next to the commentary box Mick's hand was resting on Minerva McGonagall's knee – he had crept over to the Gryffindor stands just before the quibball demonstration. His long-term girlfriend gave him a, "don't even think about it" look as she swept it away, the usually reserved witch getting to her feet and clapping with the rest of the audience, much to the surprise of those around her. Mick, his game over too, got up and made his way back to the parent stands. "I can see them, now you say," replied Dave, nodding to Sturgis Podmore, leaning forward over the stand-edge and down where the parents were sitting. "The nerve! How dare they sit with the reciprocators just next to them! Near the non-wizard parents?" He pointed out Thales Blewitt, whose house the half-breeds had been, where Sirius and Remus had been called out to visit, to deal with the vampires and werewolves, by whom they had been attacked. Ann Blewitt, who was inexplicably sitting with her husband, turned her mousy head and looked up, grinning enthusiastically at Dave. "And that I don't understand! I mean, she was taken off by Samson Doyle, her husband's cousin. And now they're all as one, supporting their children!" "There are lots of NEWERS here, under one sun," commented Mick, sardonically. "I wonder if he knows. Oh look - " he pointed out a bit father down, to a wizard sitting right at the front of the stands. "Swales senior. It looks like the start of a Conjurist party!" "Shhh! Keep your voice down!" James Potter leaned over to them, applauding as the quibball demonstration came to an end. "We don't want to cause panic and fear." "They're causing panic and fear just being here," mock-protested Dave. "It's a good thing Sirius hasn't spotted them. Try to help it stay that way, Jim-lad, for all our sakes." James Potter nodded, taking his seat. He struck up a conversation with Kenneth Scott again, explaining that his elder son and fiancee were having a party later that night and his wife was here, but, he added, glancing at the empty chair beside him, he didn't quite know where. "And you've met Petunia and Regulus?" "Just now, as we spoke to the children," replied Mrs Scott, looking up as Lily Potter hurried up the stairs of the stand, making quick apologies to the people past whom she squeezed to get in next to her husband. "Just on the floo to Harry," she explained. "I think it's something to do with the portable pensieve ban. Even the reception outside the edgestones was very poor. We're going to stay for a quick bite with Sam then head off with the reciprocators to their party. Hermione was late back from Strasbourg this evening, so they'll wait for us to tell them about tonight when we join them." It was good to hear his wife so relaxed. They had been under a lot of pressure recently, with the reciprocator supporting shifts that had intensified and lengthened. He could tell that the burden he had undertaken had taken its toll on Lily too. She had been more emotional of late, and given to crying over even the tiniest thing, and over-reacting to even very minor things. He hoped that perhaps now the shifts had reduced a little over the last week it would remain like that, and she would be able to calm down a little. The skeleton shift he had left to cover that evening he knew Caelius had not been happy about, but the minister had conceded that, with most of the reciprocators and ministry here, where the most vulnerable non-wizards, and wizards come to that, were going to be, that is the children of Hedgewards and that most of the instigators of trouble were also here, James's arrangement was, if not good, adequate. As the grounds were being transformed and prepared for the start of the Lower Hunt Mr Scott had struck up a conversation with Regulus Black about the sports in the non-wizard newspaper. Mick noticed that he was pointing out the football on the back cover, indicating the players who had just taken part in the quibball demonstration for the Sports Ministry and their corresponding pictures in the articles. The atmosphere was good, Mick noticed, as Caelius hoped it would be. The newspaper had begin to be passed around the parents' stand as parents of all degrees of magicness pored over it with interest. It then spread out into the audience, the students, whose lives had that past week, become something of a news famine, such were their lives without their perpetual access to the Daily Prophet's Newsroundup – the Portable Pensieve's 24-7 access to celebrity witch, wizard, elf, gnome, demon of the week, beauty advice or quidditch news. There were nudges, points, claps on the back. Some of the wizard and non-wizard parents had begun to chat with one another, bonding over the news in the pause between the end of the quibball and the start of the Lower Hunt. "So," asked Mick, who had noticed the Mexican Wave of inter-magical bonding as it rippled out from the stands in front of him, "what time are Harry and Hermione doing? Are they coming tonight?" He smiled at Lily as he leaned across to James who, he noticed, seemed decidedly different to the under-pressure wizard who had been co-ordinating the auxiliary assistance that the Reciprocators were to the aurors, several of whom were patrolling just outside the edgestones of the castle, unprecedented as it was that non-wizard parents were at Hedgewards waiting to see their non-wizard children compete in a competition last held nearly forty years before. That it may be a target for conjurists was a high possibility and the ministry and the school had taken every precaution to protect the audience that they could, including the highly unpopular-bordering-on-the-civil-unrest decision to ban portable pensieves. "They should be," James said, waving down to Sam, who was now taking his position in front of the younger student groups who were going to be competing in the Lower Hunt, in his hand a satin bag which would contain the draw for the order that the three groups would be competing with the other three houses. Mick waved too, but the object of his interest was sitting just behind Sam Potter; Minerva McGonagall, his very long-term girlfriend smiled in return, half in greeting, half in frustration at his increasingly elaborate arm-sweeps of a wave. "They should be," echoed Lily, smiling past Mick and herself waving to Sam, but I know Hermione's working till late. Harry's been getting the party together most of this afternoon too. He's been busy with his new work - " she broke off, looking at James pointedly, before changing the subject. "You're coming, aren't you, Mick? And Dave? Minerva's not; I know she's needed here..." "Are we invited? What's the celebration?" "Well," began Lily, turning around furtively, "Hermione - " but before she could continue Sirius leaned over to James, his voice low, his tone outraged. "He's out? Swales? He...! I thought you said the Ministry had incontrifutible evidence...against Ann Blewitt of all people!" Now a few people were looking round; Sirius's tone contrasted sharply to the happy, upbeat mood of the crowd and he was drawing attention. "Mick!" he protested as the elder Mullen twin caught his eye. "It's...! The attack you told us about...!" "It wasn't them, Sirius," Mick Mullen soothed as James looked helplessly between them. It had been he who had told Sirius what had been discussed at the Ministry meeting. He'd not meant for his friend to have taken it public, however and he wondered whether he'd overstepped the mark. "I know Mrs Blewitt had been attacked, but it wasn't them." he concluded as Sirius stared into the back of Thales Blewitt and Mark Swales's heads. "Sit down!" hissed James, trying to minimise the disturbance. "We have the perpetrators in Azkaban," continued Mick, leaning forward, trying his best to pacify Sirius. "Swales was interrogated but others confessed." Sirius took another look at the back of the heads of the almost certainly conjurist wizards his anger subsiding a little and flopping back into his chair, James pinning him back into it as Mark Swales turned to look at them, his face impassive. "We've made some big wins, Sirius," continued Mick, "but they must have terrified a lot of people, so many people want to give evidence against them. But the memory we took from the perpetrator was proof positive that he was the guilty one and Blewitt and Swales were not." "Of that!" spat Sirius, sitting back into his seat, folding his arms in disgust. "One word – Remus!" "What work had Harry been doing?" continued Mick, changing the subject to one less dangerous. "Something for the Ministry, I know that much," he admitted. But before ether James or Lily could reply the spotlights dimmed and into the commentary box stood Severus Snape. "Thank you, Madam Lestrange," his voice resonated around the arena as the athletes, both wizard and non- who had lapped the arena to the applause of the crowd. If the introduction of quibball went down to popular support then, from the sheer enthusiasm and support of the audience the sport would be breathed into fully-formed life right there and then, a team from each of the regions of Britain would instantly appear and a league would have not only be formed but would have been playing since last summer. "Now, what you have all been waiting for, on this cold, October afternoon, the third of four from the Halloween Games – the Lower Hunt!" Around the stands the applause reverberated, echoing backwards and forwards as the spotlights sought out the competitors from each house, all standing just before their respective house seating. "There's so many people!" declared Julian in wonder as he looked around the stadium. Earlier, when it had been lighter, and many of the seats unfilled the place had looked much smaller. "Are you ready?" asked Sam, as he held the bag in front of Septimus, as Snape continued to address the crowd, telling them that the introduction of the rule that a non-wizard must be part of the team, to which an overwhelming cheer erupted as he spoke. "You need to choose your order," explained Sam, as he put the hessian bag opening just under Septimus's nose. "Take one counter – then you know what place you'll be playing. Reaching into it Septimus put his hand over one large, roundish piece which felt like a stone, cold and smooth, before withdrawing it, holding it tightly in his hand. "Well?" asked Darren, who had taken Septimus's lightningshot into his possession as Septimus had chosen, brushing his windswept short hair out of his eyes. Septimus opened it. "Second!" "Second!" echoed Rufus, looking up to the sky and tilting his head towards it, as if listening. "Dorielle can rest her wings for a bit." He looked across to the other two Gryffindor teams. "Looks like Freddie Cross's group are first," Julian surmised, as the group of four to their right were looking as if they were preparing to move. "The Moody twins' group last." Septimus gave Freddie a "thumbs up" of support, who smiled back at Septimus, a faint look of terror on his face as he gripped his broom, Michael Priestley and Edward Elliott beginning to make their way into the field. "Four teams. Eight clues. One prize – the Sorting Hat!" Another cheer. "The Sorting Hat will transport the winning team back to the quidditch pitch and the winner will be awarded five hundred points for their team. The teams do not know the clues, or the route in which the clues will take them," continued Snape, "they will have to rely on their wit, skill and teamwork to understand each clue." "That puts them out!" laughed Julian, pointing over to the Slytherin stand, Gareth Goyle, Christopher Crabbe and two other teams glaring out from the green and silver standards, ahead in pride and honour if nothing else. Into the centre of the arena now stepped the first team from Gryffindor, along with the other four houses. They presented what seemed like their brooms to Madam Lestrange, as if to check for anything which may be against the rules, then their wands, and finally their familiars – any animals they intended to use. Richie Harris, for Gryffindor, was the head of the team, and proudly looped his long leg over the handle, securing the upper part of his foot underneath the brass footplate, with his other foot on the ground. Behind him, Mark Hurst, their non-wizard, did the same, gripping him tightly around the waist. Towards the exit of the arena Lorraine Lappin headed, followed closely by her cat scampering close behind her. In the centre, Donna O'Mahoney, a dark-haired, fresh-faced first year with keen eyes and a quick wit (Septimus and Darren had already found this out to their cost) positioned herself for the starting clue. Severus Snape, next to Bellatrix, held aloft the Sorting Hat, who gave a short speech about the wizards and non-wizards being more alike than different, and that the games would bind them in spirit, but Septimus wasn't listening properly. Already, in his head, he was trying to imagine how their tried and tested strategy would hold if they were going to use Dorielle for, as it was turning out, with the wizards aloft whence the quidditch players had been, the clues were appearing for all to see, but they were not physical clues, more that they appeared as light, the messages a picture of a parchment with the words in copperplate, as a usual message, but virtual, like a non-wizard 3D movie. "We'll have to transcribe the messages, somehow," hissed Julian to Septimus, who had already spotted the rather large hole in their plan. "Dorielle can't transport light around." "Warlocks," whispered Rufus, looking overhead too, and leaning in to them both. "I beg your pardon?" Septimus, not put off by his friend's apparently random interjection grinned at the almost-swearword which probably really did mean something. "Warlocks," repeated Rufus. "They knew a thing or two about this. What we need is some sort of camera, something to duplicate the image and then Dorielle can take it in her beak. And Darren, you'll have to go now, if you want to be near the Edgestones where we need you." "Right-oh," nodded Darren, turning to Sam Potter and explaining the situation. "We have an interval just after this and I can go then." He dropped his voice low. "Is the plan still the same then? You'll bring the messages? If you can make them real?" "I'll have to use Mum's PP," whispered back Rufus, looking furtively around him. "They can take instant still images, and then Dorielle can get them back to you." "Okay..." nodded Julian, "but do you think you'll be allowed? I mean, we're not supposed to be using portable pensieves for anything whatsoever." Darren nodded. Septimus, however, seemed to be thinking. "There's nothing in the rules that says we can't. We just can't have pre-loaded our wands with spells or anything, even if we knew how, or use anything that will give us a chance of cheating. If you ask your mum to set it to still mode, then we can't have been using it to access information from other pensieves or other people." "Warlocks," said Rufus again. "They know how to use spells for this. I read about it in "Herbology". Warlocks are more earth-wizards, who don't get a proper magical education, but pick up magic as they grow up. One of them, it said, was a time-spell, where an image can be taken out of time. I did start to practise it, so I could try that instead of risking the PP." "I think we'd better go for the safest option," chuckled Septimus, clocking Julian's grinning features. Rufus's track record on clumsiness was reknowned. As skies continued alive with the witches and wizards from each house from the first round, collecting clues and trying to figure out what they meant, landing, then taking off when they realised they must be wrong, with their house colour sash streaming behind them, the crowd was in its element, cheering, yelling, shouting for their teams. By contrast, the parents were far more restrained, although several banners proclaiming their support for one or two of them had been unfolded. One non-wizard banner had, to the delight of its owner, been raised aloft magically from some of the wizards in front, relieving the effort of having to hold it, said parents cheering, out of their seats instead. "Nearly our turn," said Darren, as he watched as the Sorting Hat, it too looking airborne, watched the clues being solved one-by-one and, as Septimus wondered whether Rufus's mum's PP was going to be allowed, next to the Sorting Hat, with a small, rather pale looking pumpkin stood Katie Pitcher, the leader of the Ravenclaw first team, frowning a little. Septimus frowned too – he had also thought the prize would have been something a little more glittery, but as the Sorting Hat proudly proclaimed the Ravenclaw team, with Katie, the confident second-year who was her house's reserve seeker, standing next to it, as the winners. As it spoke the pumpkin itself opened to reveal small doves, tweeting and chipping, which grew bigger, slowly and gradually as they took flight before popping into small scrolls, like which the first teams from each house had been collecting, leaving tiny glittering trails in their wake. "I am sure you will agree ladies and gentlemen, witches, wizards and warlocks, that the first round of the Lower Hunt has been a true delight and pleasurable spectacle." Severus Snape addressed the audience, who were now on their feet welcoming back the teams. The Ravenclaw scoreboard, like all of those which had been used thus far in the Halloween Games, clocked round with their duly won points. "Now, as the second teams get into position, we watch, as the clues that they will seek fly around our arena." Septimus looked up as the scrolls took flight, wondering whether he could spot in which direction they were going. He spotted Chris Crabbe moving his head too, and guessed that he had probably got the same idea. It didn't matter though. Once the scrolls had got airborne they then flicked out of sight, perhaps turning invisible, for they could now not be seen. One, however, remained in the arena, just as it had done for the first groups, and it wouldn't be long until he, as elected leader of their group – mainly because he had the Lightningshot – took hold of the first clue, or, as it would be, read it, and perhaps captured its image if the PP was allowed, and they would be off. "How exciting," murmured Sirius, who James had noticed for the first time in a long time, like himself, had become relaxed and had actually seemed to be enjoying himself. The Lower Hunt, as the Halloween Games themselves, were not actually part of the school calendar when they had been at Hedgewards and he wondered whether he, Sirius, Remus and Severus might have formed a team in the way Septimus and his friends had done, and competed. Or whether Lily might have joined them, or Henrietta, or if they'd have entered a team for the "Cranium" competition. And to have a quidditch tournament so early on in the term... "It's a pity he couldn't be here, Remus," said Sirius, turning his head to James as the second teams of the afternoon took their place by Severus and Bellatrix. "He would have loved to see Septimus. Loved to have been with us all. Instead..." James watched as he glared down at the backs of Swales and Blewitt, who were watching the Ravenclaw team, in it, Ariella Blewitt walking determinedly towards the Headmaster and the Sorting Hat, Gertrude, Ro and Gordy Springs with her. "'riella! Go! Go!" From her place next to her husband, Ann Blewitt was on her feet, cheering their daughter. Ariella turned and waved to her parents, who waved back excitedly. "He will make a recovery, I am sure of that," James replied, hoping to soothe the tension that was in his friend. "Severus will find a way." "But - " but Sirius Black's interjection was silenced as the headmaster spoke. "And now, the clues in position, and the teams ready, we await the Sorting Hat - " With Ariella, Fraser also strode out: as head boy of Ravenclaw he was in charge of guiding the participants. "to declare the second round ready for competition - " "Watch it, Potter," snarled Fraser, his eyes narrowing as Sam stepped before Madam Lestrange, in front of the Ravenclaw team. Nodding a silent, "excuse me" to Ariella, he spoke quietly to the Minister for sport. Blewitt glowered, malevolently. "for the clues, and the – oh...?" Snape broke off as he was beckoned towards the small group that had surrounded Bellatrix. Rufus, who seemed to have initially approached Sam with his request to use the PP, had cut out the middle-wizard and gone straight to Bellatrix herself, seeing as it was her portable pensieve that her son wanted to use. "But, it's not against the rules," insisted Rufus to his mum. "Nowhere did it say you can't use the image function." He looked around his team, and over to the other teams. Blewitt, hovering close, grew interested in their conversation. "No, my darling, " Bellatrix ruffled her son's curly dark hair and pointing to the other students, "but others aren't allowed PPs at all. You said you'd practised the "scribe" spell?" Rufus nodded. "Then, hand it over," she commanded, holding out her hand to her son, as a mother might who was demanding the crayons that had just been used to decorate the living room wallpaper. "You can listen to some music at the interval. "Is it sorted, Bella?" asked Severus Snape, who had been standing diplomatically enough away to appear to be involved with the conversation but far enough to let the parent deal with it herself, ushering away Blewitt, who was clearly growing angry at the mere idea that the Gryffindor team may have been trying to use something illegal in the competition. He turned, as instructed, to the care of the team, of which his sister was their leader. "Indeed." Bellatrix's tone brought finality to any hope Rufus might have had of trying again. "And now," announced Snape as he addressed the audience again, "to the Sorting Hat!" Cheers erupted again, chants and clapping as Snape's outstretched hand beheld the compere for the afternoon. "My dear Headmaster, my thanks," burred the Sorting Hat. "The clues you saw just now, my young competitors, are not the same as those which the first teams used." "Dammit!" Darren cursed, just loud enough for the New Marauders to hear. "I'd grilled Lorraine on them!" "You must solve," the hat continued, "a series of ten clues, the last one will make the rest make sense, and you, as a group, must do as it commands. The first team to solve all ten clues will be transported back to me and may claim five hundred points for their team." "That'll be us!" declared Julian, trying not to look too smug to the other three houses' competitors. Fraser Blewitt, who appeared to have heard, turned sharptly and scowled menacingly at Julian. Severus Snape, who had noticed, stepped between them, blocking the eye-line. As the first clue apparated in the circle amongst the four brooms (not one of them had chosen not to use a broom, Septimus noted), his non-wizard best friend slid onto the seat behind him. "I just don't know if my spell's going to work," muttered Rufus to them, as Darren's retreating figure shortened as he made his way to the East entrance of the quidditch stadium. "Our plan hangs on Dorielle and she can't take virtual messages." Just then, as the Sorting Hat recited the verse it had originally spoken before the first group had gone, Sam Potter stepped forward, shaking each of their hands in turn. "Good luck, guys," he said then, leaning down towards Rufus, whispered something in his ear. Septimus watched as their friend's eyes widened and he turned his head to Sam, mouthing the word, "really?" to which Sam nodded, and grinned. "What was that?" hissed Septimus as the Hat's poem was coming to an end. "The answer," he whispered back, and winked at Julian. "Let's hope so," chuckled back Julian, "or all this will have been a waste of time – oi, what are you doing?" "Gotta come with you," said Rufus, "I need to get to the clues." "The broom's going to be awfully heavy," cautioned Septimus, who trusted Rufus, he who had this planned out. "Can't I get off and let you fly?" "Not if I'm upside down," replied Rufus. "And Julian's needed as our non-wizard. Plus, it's your broom." He leaned towards them both, tapping his nose knowingly. "Speed," he concluded, "is not the answer today." "It would help," began Julian sardonically, but before either he or Septimus could ask further questions the Hat had got to, "Away!" which it boomed all around the stadium to thunderous applause. Before them, the other three teams had flown high, up to the level of the first clue and, as expected, their ascent was slow. The clue would only be revealed once they were altogether, although Septimus was ignoring the looks of scorn from the other house teams. "Continents move quicker," snarled Neil Fletcher of the usually affible Hufflepuff and Septimus nodded, acknowledging the keenness and competitive will to begin in the othe students, as intense and bright as their own. As they reached the clue, it began to unfold, its contents being revealed to the teams and, like the first, to the audience. The voice of the Sorting Hat, from out of the clue as it slowly unfolded, boomed around a hushed arena. "The more you have of it, the less you see!" "The more you have of it, the less you see?" repeated Septimus, frowning. The clues for the first teams were not riddles, they were objects, words that rhymed. He was awful at riddles. Septimus turned to Julian in despair. "The more you have of it, the less you see?" he questioned. Julian shook his head, frowning. "No idea," he said. "More of something that gets rid of light?" "What do you think of it, then, Rufus?" he asked, as Septimus flew to a less prominent position, carefully as there were three people aloft, but Rufus was urging them to go back. But before Rufus could answer, Julian broke in, his voice urgent. "It's darkness, of course!" he shout-whispered to them both. "I need to capture the message," Rufus replied, withdrawing his wand. Septimus didn't argue. Clearly Rufus had a plan. He whistled, a small pip-pip, shrill call that they both recognised as Rufus beckoned Dorielle. At the same time he raised his wand. "Antiportus!" he declared, just as the virtual scroll of paper upon which the clue was written seemed to be curling at the edges. The Hufflefpuff team seemed to be edging closer too, and Septimus begged him to hurry up. "What's he doing?" asked Julian, as he too watched Rufus. "The clues are port keys – if you guess them right they transport you to the next one. We don't care about that because Darren found out about edgestone magic. We just have to get the clues to him and place the clues equally around the perimeter of the edgestones, and the stones will do the rest. Darren will send back Dorielle to me, like we practised. Genius," he added, before declaring, "Geminia!" And he thinks Darren's the genius, thought Septimus, in wonder, thanking the stars that they gave this strange boy a chance to be their friend, to discover how his view of the world did make sense, more than sense, from Rufus's perspective. The geminia spell, not the curse that Septimus had been expecting, made a copy of the clue in parchment and, at the same time Dorielle had perched onto the broom-tail, making it heavier, ever so slightly. "What is he doing?" wondered James Potter aloud, as a collective gasp of breath from the audience followed Rufus's swinging himself upside down from the handle, Julian holding for dear life onto his belt as he issued instructions to Dorielle. "Go. Stones." The tiny puffball hovered just below him, allowing Rufus to slip the message into the pouch on her leg and tie it together. "Go! Stones!" he repeated, a little louder and more staccato'd. With a "twt-twt" Dorielle was off, scampering, if her hurried, fluttering wake could be described as such. What now, thought Septimus as he watched Julian help up Rufus, as they hovered still by the first clue, its image now frozen by the spell that Rufus had cast. He was about to ask Rufus what he'd done – how he'd known to do it could wait until they'd finished – when there was an indignant shout from just behind them. Natalie Hough, the Hufflefpuff leader was frowning crossly at them, her hands on he hips. "Here! You can't change the clue! We need to - " "Portus!" Rufus changed the clue back to as it had originally been, then whispered to Septimus to touch it, thinking the word, "darkness", which Julian had discerned from the riddle. At once, the broom began to spin. Trying to resist the urge to yell, Septimus gripped his broom's handle, feeling Julian grip his robes tightly. They finally stopped spinning just outside the North Wall, still in the castle grounds, the second clue, as the first, hanging just in front of them. "Ok, what's happening? This hunt is different to the first one." "It doesn't matter," replied Rufus, smiling at them both, "the framework is still the same. We can still follow the method. Just so glad you're some good at riddles, Rocky, else we'd be stuck back there." "Why are we here, though?" asked Septimus, the second clue just before them. He was about to move the lightningshot closer, but Rufus urged him to stay back. "Just for a minute, while I explain. The clues are portkeys - " " - yes, you said - " interrupted Julian, impatiently. " - and will transport us to the next clue. So," he concluded, as both of his teammates remained silent, waiting for it, "the first was darkness, and we get brought to the darkest part o the course, to the second clue." "So, the clues are taking us around, to different places," summarised Septimus, and their location depends on the clue. And, the ten clues will make up something at the end, which we don't have to worry about because as long as Darren does his bit, the edgestones will work out what the words mean." "And your spell makes the clues real? Solid?" asked Julian, trying to keep up. "And make a copy – geminia? Like Gemini, the twins?" "Exactly. You can see why the whole plan was a washout if we couldn't get the actual clues to Daz," nodded Rufus. "Yes, I see. And why we don't need to go fast to deliver the clues," added Septimus, noting the return of his little Dorielle, who had inexplicably found them where the second clue was positioned. "Right, we have a game to win, boys," declared Rufus, looking at the second clue. "Go on, Sep, get really close, and we'll hear the second riddle. As soon as you know the answer Julian, shout it out and I'll get the copy off to Daz with Dorielle." The second clue, "What is round, but not always around? It's light is dark sometimes, and everyone wants to walk all over it." was easily solved by Julian, and they were transported high into the arena the third time, just below the waning moon. Each time a team solved a clue, the crowd cheered, especially if the clue was near the arena itself, and they cheered, as Septimus and his friends had done, when the teams zoomed around, darting hither and thither, enacting their plans, sometimes with their owls, rats, cats and other creatures, sometimes by flying. Sometimes, like the Hufflefpuff team, with a compass, clipboard and copious notes and drawings of the land contours ("much good will it do them, it's not to scale," Julian commented loudly as they zipped by on their Cleansweep, as the Lightiningshot ambled towards the West Tower in pursuit of clue six). As they homed in on clue nine, having been "dropped" portkey-like ten feet from it, a broom rushed past them, Gordy Springs gripping the broom, his hair flying out behind not unlike a dog who had discovered the pleasure of the car open window and sticking its head out of it. "Apparato!" commanded Ariella, as she waved her wand. "Leviosa!" she tried. Septimus, unnerved by the sudden instrusion of another team – they had been ahead so far – stared at them. "Just go!" urged Julian, trying not to look at their opponents. "It's not our fault they haven't found the correct spell." "But if we go, they will hear the riddle," frowned Septimus. "And if we don't, Sep, and they figure it out their way, they'll be ahead," Rufus reasoned. Better to draw on this one, than lose. Besides, it's not like we're telling them the answer." "I'm with Rufus," Julian added. "C'mon, Sep!" Without a second more wondering, Septimus leaned forward, willing the overburdened lightnignshot on. It dragged itself forward, Septimus trying not to look at the Ravenclaws out of embarrassment. "We're here!" insisted Ro, who was on her own broom, next to Ariella. "Wait your turn!" "This is a competition, Williams, not a bread-queue!" shot back Julian trying not to catch Ariella's eye. "You can't -" Ro insisted, but was hushed as the clue spoke itself loudly in the Hat's voice to them all. "A man builds a house, all four sides facing south. A bear walks past the house. What colour is the bear?" Septimus pulled the broom back in retreat, as slowly and embarrassing as their advance. "What do you suppose the colour is?" he asked, his voice hushed, "all four sides facing south." "Facing south," wondered Julian, and Septimus tried not to feel concerned as the Ravenclaws darted off. "White!" declared Rufus, as Dorielle timed her entrance perfectly. "The house is at the North Pole!" With that, he tipped forward on the broom, having frozen the clue and copied it, before fixing it to the little owl's leg, his hair hanging down as if ringlets Dorielle trying not to get caught up in it as she took flight under instruction. "But they've gone before us," huffed Julian, dejectedly. "We won't get to the last clue before them." "We might," reasoned Rufus thoughtfully, "they disappeared off before I used the antiportus spell – they don't know the clues are portkeys - " "They are having to look for things that are white from scratch!" finished Julian, laughing. "In fact, I bet that none of the teams have figured it, how slow we are!" "Then you'd better turn the last one back, Rufe," declared Septimus, hovering close to the clue. "Portus!" The clue returned to its image again, curling a little and flapping in the cold, damp evening air. Septimus put his hand upon it and, as he did so, the broom swirled round and round as they were transported, this time, to the centre of the quidditch pitch again, just above Madam Lestrange. A cheer erupted from the crowd, which was hushed quickly as Septimus Snape declared their return Septimus looked down...at the white circle that indicated the centre of the pitch. "First back," he intoned, "but still the tenth clue to solve." Without waiting for a second invitation Septimus forced the lightiningshot up to the clue, slowly and encumbered with their weight. "Antiportus!" "If you have it, you want to share it. If you share it, you don't have it!" What could that be? Wondered Septimus. He was so glad Julian was with them, he was really very good, and Rufus too. He looked at them. Their faces were blank. Time passed, and to Septimus it felt as if the seconds were being sliced away like a knife on a cucumber. If you have it, you want to share it... ...Dorielle appeared, and flapped excitedly, but exhausted, onto the broom-tail, resting momentarily... ...if you share it, you don't have it... Just then, appearing in the sky were both Ravenclaw and Slytherin teams. It seemed as if they both had figured the ninth clue and had guessed the white it meant, which was probably obvious given the tenth clue was always to be revealed here. ...if you have it, you want to share it... "A secret!" shouted out Rufus, too late, as Ravenclaw and Slytherin descended. And then at once, copied the clue. Dorielle zoomed off. "Thank you, moron!" shouted down Gareth Goyle, shouting over to their second broomed team to quit their large owl from flying up to the owlery where clearly one of their team had been residing. But they don't know what it all means, Septimus told himself, and we have Darren. We have Darren and the edgestones, and... Just then, a blinding light crackled momentarily around the arena, light shot out in a dozen directions, lines converging to a point just above them. He'd done it. Darren had explained the edgestones magic but, until he'd witnessed it, Septimus hadn't anticipated its intensity and vastness, beaming fifty feet high, unmistakably connecting the edges of the school grounds in its entirety. "That's not allowed, using the edgestones!" protested Ro Williams, hotly. "You can't do - " But her words were drowned out as the words, from all ten clues, were declared by Darren, who had indeed used the edgestones magic to organise them and make them understandable. "Darkness falls and the white moon shines down its secrets!" Septimus felt fantastic! Despite everything, all they'd done, they'd managed to pull it off! He grabbed Julian, and then Rufus too, clapping them on their backs and and shaking their hands as Darren jogged in, his hat askew as he held onto his wand, his face expectantly. His desperate question was answered by the headmaster, underneath the cone he had helped to create held aloft his wand. The cheering, and in pockets, grumbling crowd lulled to silence. "And the winning team is," declared the Sorting Hat silkily, "for the second round of the Lower Hunt is...Gryffindor! And with such a display of teamwork, ingeniuity and lateral thinking, they take with them a well-deserved five hundred points!" "...the cheats!" hissed Ro, as she got off the broom from behind Ariella. "Don't think I didn't see your head boy tell you something!" And she stalked off after her team. 88888888 "Thanks mum," nodded Rufus, who sat on the floor with the first Gryffindor team, earphones probably into it, sliding onto the floor, his knees bent. Following their victory and the third group's Lower Hunt there was an intermission and, true to her word Bellatrix Lestrange, after heartily congratulating her only son by taking him in her arms and burying him, only his curly hair sticking out above her arm. The rest of the boys were congratulated too, and she then allowed Rufus to have her portable pensieve back, making him promise to only listen to his music. Now, nodding his head to the tracks he had composed himself rrom the vibrations of the natural world, plants, rocks, even air pressure, Rufus was back in his own world. The stadium was being set up for the first semi-final match that would decide one of the finalists in the next day's games and each house was tense. It was very close, and the teams were divided by a mere handful of points. It was predicted to be a Hufflepuff/Gryffindor final but, who could tell? After Ravenclaw's growing displeasure at Septimus's team's victory he supposed that their quidditch team would take no prisoners. In contrast, the Slytherin/Hufflepuff match would see the bold snakes play the tenacious badgers, the latter of whom were favourites, versatile that they were to their opposition. Mr and Mrs Scott had come back down to congratulate the boys and behind them Petunia Dursley, who hugged Darren and introduced herself to the Scotts, hitting it off right away with Mrs Scott as they discussed recipes and sewing. Before they returned to the stands, as the five minute call before the match was to begin, she took Septimus to one side and told him that she had spoken to his mum that week, that Cecilia was well and that she will be on her way home soon. "Christmas," Petunia Black had whispered just before she had headed back towards the parents' stands. "It'll be over for her by Christmas and she can com home." Christmas, thought Septimus happily. He had had a brilliant afternoon, as brilliant as it could be without his parents. And if his mum was coming home for good... ...he smiled up to the commentary box where he knew that Caelius would have been watching and then waved enthusiastically. "Just before the Ravenclaw and Gryffindor teams take their positions on the fields," Severus Snape announced, from the box this time, rather than on the field, can we have all of the Lower Hunt winning team leaders up for a lap of honour!" "That's us!" nodded Septimus, crossing over to the Gryffindor stand where he had left his broom. Dorielle, who had gone to sleep on the broom-tail was now not there and, presumably, now it was dark, had decided to roost back in the owlery. "No, just you," replied Julian, as he saw Ariella leave her parents and make her way down the steps. "You're better off forgetting about her and her weird anti-conjurists, Rocky, seeing as you'll be going home with the non-wizards tomorrow," advised Darren, clapping him in on his back. "Ariella?" Julian looked at his friend, and shook his head. "She's nice, and all - " he began as Darren gave him a "don't give me that" look. "Anyway, mum and dad said I could stay, if I wanted, now I'm well, or come back at least, if the Headmaster was determined that all of the non-wizards needed to leave. They know how to treat me if I get ill again and, well, I'm just loving it here! They were just over there talking to the McGonagall and told her!" "That's brilliant!" Septimus grinned at his friend. He had had a sinking feeling in his chest all week knowing that Julian would have to leave – could the day get any better? "Get going!" Sam Potter was near them, and pointed to the arena. "With that brilliant display, you don't want to be letting your house down now, do you, Sep?" Septimus shook his head, looped his leg over the stick part of his broom and leaned flat, the ease of take-off markedly easily compared to having two passengers as he had had during the Hunt. He looked down at the arena, easily looking down now at the mass of faces looking up, less nervous as he had been, more comfortable, even enjoying the experience now, in contrast to an hour before. Just below him he saw Sam, who waved as he swooped past. Then he decided to show everyone what the sleek racehorse of a broom the lightiningshot was, and he bent low, sleek and streamlined across the broom-handle, tucking his calves, ankles and feet at the bristles. The crowd applauded. Darren and Julian cheered and whooped as he went past, the astonishing speed and versatility of the world's fastest broom on display for all to see. "And now, the winners - a lap on their own!" At once, six of the brooms dropped to the ground, leaving just Septimus, Ian Briggs of Slytherin and Katie Pitcher of Ravenclaw in the air. Again, Septimus flew fast, nimbly dodging the other two as the crowd cheered. And then it died suddenly. Septimus slowed, looking down as Sam Potter ran onto the field below, and approaching him Fraser Blewitt. It looked as if they were heading towards one another. By their strides and speed, it didn't look good. Both of their wands were aloft. Septimus felt sure he could hear the word, "cheat!" being shouted. He slowed further as Sam raised his wand. "Will the head boys of Gryffindor and Slytherin leave the field!" Jack O'Brien, the commentator for the quidditch match announced over the tannoy, but the annoucement was put to a premature end as Sam Potter turned, his arm raised to the pumpkin loudspeaker, making it explode furiously. "What-ho – James? Mick?" In the stands Sirius got to his feet. "Is he supposed to be doing that?" Fraser Blewitt, his eyes fixed on Septimus, watched as the boy hovered just below. All three of the students were still. Cheat. Septimus could read Fraser's silent word, and he guessed that Ro Williams had told him what she suspected had happened. But then, Fraser was silent, as Sam turned his wand on Fraser, his face a mask of horror. "Looks like he's trying to get his wand free from his hand! Several wizards were out of their seat now. Minerva McGonagall had got up, and was making her way down the steps of the Gryffindor student stand and onto the pitch. "Rufus!" Darren, half dragging, half pulling Rufus Lestrange to his feet, pointed towards the action, just as... ...Sam Potter aimed his wand, shaking, closing his eyes, towards Septimus, upsetting the boy and making him fall. At the same time, above Septimus, he saw... " - he's just completely...totally...destroyed the broom! Sep's lightiningshot!" Julian pointed towards where Septimus had just been. In its place was a dark cloud of carbon, smoke wafting around. The broom had been completely obliterated. Sam lowered his wand. Now, there were several wizards out of their seats. McGonagall was hurrying across the pitch, having frozen as Sam had exploded Septimus's broom, and shouting at him. The heads of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were also in their feet, trying to calm their houses. "Sam Potter!" Severus Snape was hurrying down the steps now, in order to reprimand the school's Head Boy, as Crystallia Brandt, her hands over her face, was being comforted by a group of other seventh year Gryffindors. As the wizards descended on him as Fraser Blewitt retreated back quietly into the fabric of the Slytherin corner. "Sam Potter!" Snape called again. And then fell silent as Sam's mouth opened. The words did not sound like his voice, but they came from his mouth all the same. "Conjurism...is where true magic lies...Auld Magic. We call upon you, good wizards and witches, to destroy those misborn." Sam's mouth closed, his face one of fixed horror. Lily screamed. I "It's not Sam saying that!" she cried, as the headmaster and Professors Crowfoot and Huxley-Baird continued their descent on the boy, Minerva bending down to Septimus, who was still lying on the grass, whence he had fallen, picking him up, and was about to speak, when: "The way is thin. Join us." A vacuum of silence was created for a moment, again, the heads of the houses stopped, looking between Sam, and then, behind them, to the Gryffindor stand. Rufus, his mother's portable pensieve in hand, was holding it out, as if it were about to explode, and wandered towards Sam Potter. "The way is thin," the PP said, in the same voice as Sam had spoken moments before. Sam's face was one of horror. He waved his arm, sweeping it backwards and forwards, and it seemed as if he was trying to drop it, like someone trying to remove a piece of sellotape from their hand, and failing dismally. "Conjurists! Arise!" Again the voice appeared to be coming from the portable pensieve of Bellatrix. Rufus dropped the offending object, staring down at it, accusingly. "Conjurists!" spat Sirius, glaring at Blewitt and Swales, still sitting impassively several rows in front of them. "Them!" "Come on, Sirius!" shouted Dave Mullen, as he stood on his seat. "We need you for - " There was an explosion, like a shattering of glass. All of the glass in the windows of the school were shattering all around them, the panes exploding like the lightiningshot had done just now. There was chaos. People were screaming, trying to climb over the seating, some frozen, some with their heads in their hands. Sam Potter was still standing still, his wand aloft, as Minerva had scooped up Septimus, with the help of Jason Crudglington, carrying him back to the Gryffindor section. "Conjurists!" The words continued through the pensieve. "The way is thin!" Sam had managed to shake free his wand, and was now sitting on the grass, his head in his hands. As the teachers who were not with the students, as the reciprocators, as the aurors who were not calming parents, got onto their seats, they held their wands aloft, as the pensieve continued to broadcast the same words. Above them, on his broadclad, Severus Snape swooped and dived, like a spider spinning a web, a defense, of the children and adults below, using the wands of the defending wizards as the nodes around which the fibres were spread. Soon, as the arena was filled with threads, these closed up about each other, fixing a protective shield around the quidditch pitch and its people below. "Conjurists!" screamed Sirius, but neither Blewitt nor Swales had moved from their seats. "Conjurists!" imitated the pensieve. "Destroy those misborn!" As Severus Snape completed his shield-spell, he "accio'd" the portable pensieve, encasing it in a similar spell, silencing its poisonous broadcast. "These people are defended!" he boomed as he stepped into the arena, while outside the shield long shadows formed. 88888888 "I've put him into the back room," Hermione, who had arrived back to their home just before nine was waiting for Harry on the doorstep. He had spent all afternoon decorating and catering for the copious amount of guests that they were expecting that evening. Harry knew that telling mum the reason would cement a lot more waverers who might just linger at the castle with the students and then choose not to come, something he had gambled upon. He had been called in an emergency to the Ministry shortly after seven, an hour before he was expecting Hermione back, but had found no-one. Nothing at the Ministry seemed awry and no-one of the small evening staff knew who had or indeed why he might have been been summoned. Harry had left a short note to Hermione in case she returned before he did, and that seemed to be what had happened as she stood in the doorway lingering half in, half out of the doorway. "Who's that?" Harry couldn't begin to work out who Hermione was talking about, his head was beginning to go a little light in the darkness of the penultimate day of October, the evening dull and cold and his apparition back home being slightly more disorientating than usual, possibly because of the effort he had gone to for the party, including cleaning the house out from top to bottom, disposing of the old furniture that their parents had given to them when they were first getting together and generally making the joint announcements of both Hermione's promotion and their wedding date of 30th April happen in a more hospitable environment. "Who? Your friend, that's who!" "Ron?" "Yes, Ron! And his...guest!" Hermione stood aside and let Harry step past her. Why was she so hostile? She must have got his note. Must have understood why he had to call back to work, given the nature of the message. "I'm just grateful that your cousin is at work and couldn't come this evening," Hermione concluded, following him in and closing the door behind them. Harry, still puzzled by what she was saying, strode down the hall and opened the glass-plated living room door. "You've done wonders with the place, mate." Ron, sitting on the settee got to his feet. "Thanks for inviting us," he added, shaking Harry's hand. Harry looked to Ron, and then to th figure on the seat. "Hello, Harry," said Freya, looking up to Harry. Harry, the jigsaw clicking into place, looked over his shoulder to Hermione, who was standing in the doorway, her arms folded, then looked sharply back at his friend. "I know she's young, but...you know when things are right..." Ron leaned towards Harry and whispered into his ear. But before Harry could reply the living room windows shattered. Hermione and Freya screamed. Harry, who had been standing near the door yelled, pushing Ron to the floor as shards of glass flew towards them, a sound, like a voice, low, loud and booming trespassing on their party. "Auldddd Magicccc...Trueeee Magiccc...destroyyyyy thosssseeeee misborn...Theeee wayyyyy isssss thinnnnnn...joinnnnnn usssss..." "The way is thin?" Hermione whispered to Harry as she too had thrown herself to the floor, and had crawled towards him. "Join who?" As if in answer, another word came. "Conjuristsssssssss..." "Conjurists? What do they want?" Harry huffed from the floor. "Destroyyyyyy thosssseeeee misbornnnn..."
Cecilia couldn't rest. The night, dark and cold, blew through her room as she turned over in her bed. It wasn't the cold that was robbing her of sleep: Cecilia knew enough magic to be able to light a fire. She wasn't exactly sure what it was. Perhaps it was knowing that it had been Septimus's big afternoon and she had spent most of her own afternoon wishing she could have been there, and wishing she had been with Remus. How proud her husband would have been of Septimus. Cecilia imagined in her mind the arena, with children standing around the fou edges with their respective houses, happy and confident that they would win. She imagined Septimus's face as he zoomed around on the broom that she had brought for him... ...it had been enough for Cecilia to try to operate the fireplace as a floo to contact Petunia. Her friend had told her the previous evening that she was going to be at Hedgewards and Cecilia's heart had fluttered high at the happiness her friend who would see her son and plummeting down to her stomach as Cecilia realised she would'nt see her own. Now, sitting up in her bed, all clothing that was warm, including cardigan, blankets and sheets Cecilia recalled not being able to establish a connection to Petunia, and she begin to shift her thoughts about as she recalled Henrietta's arrival that fateful evening when the woman had arrived at Grimmauld Place only to spill her secrets. Deliberately. To cause trouble. But, in the end, she – Cecilia – had had the victory, if you could call it that. Petunia, who had been faithful to her immediately after that infamous evening, had also told her about Henrietta's death, not long after she'd arrived back at Durmstrang. A hollow victory. For Cecilia, even in the very depths of her soul, when she was at her worst, would not wish death – or possibly murder, Petunia had since told her – as retaliation. Nor Lily, who had been so arrogant about Auld Magic that she had sent poor Harry to speak to her that week, who had made Cecilia feel like always the outsider, that she had to justify her existence. To this witch, and the other, she never really did have any animosity. Just pain from their treatment of her. Dragging herself over to the fireplace and putting her hand where the floo-flame would ordinarily be, Cecilia closed her hand tight, then opened it, closing it again. She sat back on her shins, looking, thinking, at the grate. Well, she supposed, she had never been able to do it herself, though she knew the procedure. How well it would have been to speak to Petunia and know how they had all done. Just some connection to the life that she was determined would be her future. And, of course, she wanted to talk to Pet about science, about what she knew she would, if she tried for long enough, be able to do. Petunia never minded her talking about the scientific processes that she was trying; to Petunia Black it was from the realms of non-wizards and, as a result, she accepted it. Cecilia often thought how funny it was that, as a witch with a strong empathetic ability she so readily denied it and was somehow comforted in the non-magical world. Cecilia lay back down on the floor and looked up to the ceiling. Science was definitely non-magical, and here she was, using it, for Remus, immediatly, and so she could be reunted with her family, ultimately. And, who knows what else she would find out on the way? It was that excitement, coupled with the fundamental certainty tha made Cecilia adore science. Unlike magic, it was everyone's. Anyone can find out something; all discoveries were testable. If it held up to attack, from all sides, then it was robust. As the thoughts comforted her, she looked across at the hearth again. Oh that she would now find out about their wonderful day, and evening, of the parents's feast, and tomorrow's entertainments. Cecilia's mind began to imagine the scene, half happily, the other half with an stomach-empty sadness, of the children, the teachers, the parents. At least he would have enjoyed himself, Cecilia consoled herself. She would hear in due course, she knew. They would be too busy having fun to speak properly to her, and Cecilia didn't want to spoil their good spirits. Tomorrow, Cecilia concluded. That would be enough time. She may even get to speak to Septimus. Oh, how delightful that would be! Warmed with the thought as much as the blanket, Cecilia's mind wandered back to work, that of Remus, and of Auld Magic. In that order. For, while she knew that the latter would be what got her off this Norwegian island and back to Septimus and her darling, the former would mean that Remus would have a chance of being better, being well and, back to his usual self. It was wishful thinking, Cecilia knew, to want to have her life and her husband back, without the arguments and the unhappiness. How she wished she could be back there with her family, knowing how utterly heartbreaking it would be away from them, as she had been blackmailed to be. She got to her feet, allowing the cardigan that Petunia had floo-flamed to her to fall off, the ice-coldness of the air stimulating her thoughts, allowing Severus's words, written carefully by hand onto the documents he had sent course like mercury rivulets through her mind. To prevent the pathogen, Cecilia knew, would be the thing. If the next lot of blood samples that Snape would surely send to her revealed that Remus had not progressed into his descent into vampire-ness then she would know that she were on the right track. He would, she knew, ask Nick Smith to analyse them – that would speed up the process. Clicking the door behind her Cecilia began to patrol the corridors of the school, her mind engulfed with thoughts that only the regular thudding of her feet would allow her cerebellum to filter and process them efficiently and effectively. If there was no doubt that Severus's potion had been successful, with the adjusted energy levels, that she had noticed Snape had missed, there was no reason that what she proposed wouldn't work. However... ...step, step, step...down to the lower floor; the wind blowing down the teaching corridor making her shiver... ...step...step...step... ...although the potion Severus had given to Remus had stopped his decline, there was something that had been concerning her... ...step...step...step... ...the solution she had suggested – not a total blood transfusion, which she knew could be done and would almost certainly be successful – but of using allium satvum, the active compound in garlic. Of course allium satvum, consisting of sulphur ions, would work; a weight of history had set a precedent for that – vampires and their aversion to garlic. But, ultimately... stop. At the top of the incline in the north-east passage of Dumstrang Cecilia came to a halt, breathing steadily, her heart thumping. ...ultimately...steric hindrance prevented sulphur ions binding for long. It couldn't work forever. Sulphur would replace oxygen binding with the iron in the red blood cells. If the majority of red blood cells were, even temporarily, bombarded with sulphur ions, this would stop the vampire parasite reproducing, but at the same time Remus's body also needed oxygen and he too would slowly perish. Sulphur was also too large to remain bound to the iron for a long period of time, Cecilia deduced, so the effects would be temporary. Steric hindrance. Like an oversized brick in a wall, just too big to remain as a permanent feature. Maybe because Remus was unconsious already it was that Severus's now energy-adjusted potion containing extract of garlic worked and wasn't harming him. If awake, his body would be very, very low on oxygen. But he wouldn't be able to last forever in his current state. Cecilia sighed, leaning against the wall near the teaching classrooms. Next to her, in gold letters ran the names of the classes that teachers were offering for Monday, and the times they would be on. Her mind could feel an answer, like a piece of puzzle from a jigsaw. Was what she was thinking about be it? Just that? A simple adjustment in calculation? It surely couldn't be that simple... Cecilia closed her eyes again, the cold stone blocks withdrawing as much heat as thermodynamics would allow from her back. No. She couldn't speak to him about this, no matter how laid back and comfortable he made her feel. Cecilia knew she would have to think of a way to ask the questions she needed under the blanket of Auld Magic. Co-operation was the key, wasn't it? Yes – she would go on that premise, checking when Nick sent Severus more analyses. All at once, an uncomfortable feeling swelled in the pit of her stomach, a mixture of guilt-ridden spontaneity about her urge to turn the corner and head to Lindvald Halen. Why she would feel like that, she did not know; maybe because she didn't know him and knew she shouldn't trust someone she hardly knew with information which may ultimately lead them to knowing about her origins. But she knew that she needed something he potentially had, to could work out for her. That was as good enough an explanation for how she felt, Cecilia told herself as she forced the door closed on the mental cupboard that was emotional analysis even if it were only partly the truth. She couldn't ask Lindvald Halen to consider her poor darling's potential cure – that felt like treachery. Yet...why? He was at Durmstrang, that was true, gifted in transfiguration and magical forces. here was nothing stopping her asking questions in general, Cecilia told herself firmly and, before she knew it she had reached the corridor onto which Lindvald's room lay. Would she feel like this if Ragnhild's redheaded gene research may be the key? Breathing in and out deeply, Cecilia tried to steady her mind. She had to be careful how she asked questions about his work; to act partially interested in his research while selecting her questions skilfully to get the insight she - - a scream, loud and low, more like a groan permeated the corridor, followed by another. Cecilia ran back the way she had come, knowing exactly what it was. At the bottom, near their own rooms Ceculia saw dash in front of her the form of a witch, still screaming, and holding her face. Poor, poor woman. To be born with such a gift that was, in turn, such a torture. She would wait for Ragnhild to settle down, for the agonies of her mind to subside before Cecilia visited her, to ask about her work, to ponder about how their children were getting on at Hedgewards. To engage her in normal things. Poor, poor truthteller. 88888888 And now, as he stepped purposefully towards the castle, in order to at last establish the nature of the situation that remained following his departure not six hours before Caelius cursed his lack of instant, or at least semi-instant communication. All wizard communication technologies had been suspended, even owl messages at his behest: until the populace felt safe in their communities, which would take a good deal of time, he reasoned, given the depth and breadth of ferocious attack that the country had endured at the doing of wizard extremists, conjurists. And also to garner a sense of inter-community security, steps towards which Caelius had already taken. Even some spells had been temporarily outlawed and he, Caelius, had spent the early hours of Halloween morning delivering a speech which called for unity, which decried extremism and urged patience and trust that the wheels of justice and righteousness would prevail. The arrests – and subsequent releases, bailed for there was no evidence to implicate them, seeing as they were, before thousands of people at the quidditch match, had been done in a tempered, measured way so it could be seen by all that they were being dealt with calmly, with a measured, sensible approach. The statement had even been put out, at the assertion of the non-wizard Prime Minister, so as to reinforce the message with non-wizards too. Caelius was not unaware of the views of the wizards around him: the meeting he had chaired with the Ministry for magic had been fraught. An incandescent, frightened Evelyn Forteskew who had tended her resignation of the cabinet and, indeed, of her ministry position citing the Minister for Magic's inability to protect the country from terrorism. She was, she had declared, going to join the NWRs – non-wizard reciprocators who had protested over the previous weeks against extremism and conjurism, had come out in force the night, before with the wizard Reciprocator movement, to do whatever they could to peacefully uphold law and order, despite being a witch, and had, to them all, declared that she would care if her powers faded, she was going to do something that was right. Caelius had then confirmed their position, and also confirmed the scale and extent of attacks on wizards and non-magical communities, seemingly indiscriminate attacks, but Caelius being Caelius he had decided to allow the Unspeakables, with their almost unconsciously-operating mathematical and statistical minds to analyse the locations and numbers of casualities on 30th October. After reassuring the Ministry that their political position towards conjurists and wizard-non-wizard integration had not changed, something which he called the cabinet members to refute with no challenges, Caelius had then moved onto the meeting with Gordon Brown. The non-wizard and wizard governments had always planned to meet on 1st November to discuss any changes to their own independently-developed security plans. Prime Minister Brown had contacted Caelius with the emergency red button in No. 10 Downing Street where, in other circumstances, humourous suggestions of "nuclear apocalypse" might have been invoked by his own waggish cabinet members. Instead of widespread atomic apocalypse, the button simply activated a spell which left an SOS message for Caelius which could be accessed by him alone in any fireplace. It had left the non-wizards satisfied that the wizards were giving the incident their every effort and pledged to support the action domestically by co-ordinating efforts of the police with aurors. At least they were in agreement that conjurists were a threat to wizards, as well as non-wizards, despite the message transmitted for hours the previous night all over the country. And, Caelius thought, as he strode purposefully towards Hedgewards Castle, he was grateful that the man was one of pragmatic forward-thinking acceptance of the wizards standpoint, rather than one who would constantly question Caelius's decisions. Now, as he approached the high tor that shielded the school from the bitter north wind that cut through all in its way, allowing his senses to be filled with the power that was he landscape, that was the wind and rocks and earth. His head must be clear, not least with the decisions he was still to make, unknown, as yet, as the situatiton was unknown. Caelius sighed as he considered his journey bereft of wizard technological advantage, which had taken a few hundred steps backwards – he was walking to a bus stop, to catch three trains which would eventually get him to Hogsmeade, and walking to Hedgewards – and had witnessed the the utter devastation and destruction that the previous evening's attack had caused first-hand. Nearly all of the attacks had involved the shattering of glass: windows, doors, car doors. As he had watched the scenery go by, he had also seen the faces of those around him and though he was unable to glean whether they were wizards or not; it made little difference. They had been standing around, in streets, in groups, pointing, talking. Moving piles of rubble around, either by hand, or by magic. The people he had seen were just ordinary people, as far as he could tell, and were getting on with the clean-up level-headedly and pragmatically. The outrage to this would come, later, Caelius knew, from all communities. The threats were one thing, but the spell that shattered glass simultaneously, like an opera singer with a wine flute, was another matter. The glass had splintered and been dispersed at high speed. A good number of people had been hospitalised. It was the anguish and questioning on their part as to why it had happened which was common in all. However, no-one, he had been at pains to point out in either of his meetings that morning, had been killed, directly as a result of this desecration, not even the "Misborn" that the intimidating, nation-wide message had pointed out. It was a crucial point. If conjurists had wanted to kill those they labelled "Misborn", it could have easily been done. Their aims weren't war, but destabilisation in the country. No direct threats had been issued either – the glass was indiscriminately broken – but the intention was clear, with flying glass an a disembodied voice that suddenly just stopped just after two-thirty that morning. Power, it insisted you thought. We have he power to stop you! We can do whatever we please, penetrate your lives close-to. You don't know who we are! But, thought Caelius, as he crossed the edgestones, alerting Severus Snape to his entry to the castle, a court of enquiry would easily establish motive. It would put things straight and send a warning shot across the bows of the enemy. He closed his eyes in the mostly-darkness, allowing the wind to whip by him, willing it to close the work door and open the one though which he could see a mental image of Septimus. His nephew, Caelius saw in his mind's eye now: unkempt hair and his usual look of steadfast uncertainty, whose prized, and irreplaceable broom had been reduced to ash by his house's Head Boy. Septimus had plunged thirty feet and, having been helped to his feet by the other teams who had already completed the Lower Hunt, Caelius himself had left the school shortly before Severus had invoked the protection spells. All the issues with which Caelius had to deal with - the non-wizard government of Britain; the Reciprocators; the Hedgewards students; their parents, all of that evaporated now, as he looked down at the school, his eight hour trip to meet with Severus Snape was just long enough for him to refocus on his many interlinked responsibilities and remember in his heart what really mattered, his nephew, and whethter he was safe. 88888888 "We don't know why the dementors appead, Severus." Caelius, now in the thick-walled turret-ofice of the school's headmaster, spoke, for once, candidly. "All of the non-wizard children are safe at home now, saving two, if you can call their homes safe given the events of last night. That was always the plan; they simply went a day earlier. Two, you say, have remained?" "Two boys, whose parents believe are better off at Hedgewards, with regard to their safety and their education. Your rhetoric has convinced some, Caelius." Caelius said nothing, ignoring the barb. The children had returned to thir familiees by non-wizard transport still under the banner, Caelius was confident, of a successful educational venture. He would, in time, propose their return, which would turn the fortunes of the wizards to the positive. It would depend on how the trial of the conjurists went, for Caelius was determined that the judicial process was to be robust – no show trial or kangaroo court. It had to be seen that the government stood by its intentions of security against extremism, in this case conjurism. Severus had been the quintessential professional in his conduct after the attacks at the Lower Hunt the evening before. The headmaster had ordered a retreat of all people: parents; children; quidditch and football players; teachers. They had sheltered in the castle and left early that morning so that the school could continue as normal; so that anyone with family and business outside Hedgewards could attend to it. "Have all of the non-wizard footballers also returned?" asked Caelius, as Severus recounted the action he had taken. "I can imagine the impact on the students as their heroes spent the night at the school." "Indeed," smiled Snape, wryly. "And the parents, too. We managed with the Room of Requirement, but I have to say, what with the communication blackout, and the nature of their overnight accommodation very little sleep was had." "I praise you on your calm approach yourself, Severus," Caelius nodded. "That the parents, and the sports professionals experienced the hospitality of wizards under the circumstances of other wizards attacking the country will not go un-noticed." Ever the politician, thought Severus, marvelling at his contemporary's outlook on the situation. I suppose someone has to be, Caelius Lupin. "I felt it right. Indeed, a lot of parents confided their trust in sending their children to Hedgewards, wizard parents as well as non-wizard ones. But I can understand the non-wizard government's point of view." "And the mood in the school?" "As far as we can tell, aprt from minor glazing repairs, everything is as normal." Severus paced around the office towards his desk, glanced down at some rolled up parchments, then looked as Caelius. "I'll announce the winning House over breakfast, based on all of the competitions played." This time, Caelius raised an eyebrow. "Ravenclaw," added Snape. "Will you stay for breakfast? It would be morale-raising for the students, and staff too." "No, I cannot, Severus." Caelius looked carefully at Snape. "Unfortunately I have too many sharp daggers to juggle with; one lack of concentration and they might damage anything. No," he concluded. "I'm needed. And besides, there is the situation of the dementors." He approached Snape as the headmaster put down the Halloween score parchments. "No dementors were authorised to leave Azkaban; not least any from the government." "At the moment, we have no explanation. No explanation for three dementors which did absolutely nothing, as far as we can ascertain, other than circle above your water-tight protection spell." Caelius pursed his lips, then frowned at Severus. Do you know of any reason, Severus? Or for any of this which may be of help?" "None, although we may ascribe, "The Way is Thin" to their appearance." "Howso?" Now it was Severus Snape's turn to pause. He knew full well that Caelius knew whence dementors originated and how they could pass between worlds. But this was not the intent of his question. "If you mean, how does the using of dementors fit in with yesterday's conjurist attacks, I would not like to speculate." Caelius raked his fingers through his long hair, stretching a little as he waited for Snape to get to the point. The last eighteen hours had been very long indeed. "But this is what I believe. Possible invokation in some way into yesterday. Not being commanded directly, they did nothing." "But," replied Caelius, trying not to sound patronising – Severus Snape would not stand for that without equal retribution, "the only other place they could have come from is from behind the veil and in the capacity of being the only Mysteriour, Gregor is guarding it, and with every measure in order in the Department of Mysteries too. Besides, Halloween is this night," he added. "It's this night where the boundaries between this world and the afterlife can be crossed with ease, the night into the morning of 1st November. Last night was too early." "You might think so," conceded Severus, carefully proceeding to his pensieve, large and misty, as it swirled above an oak table at the back of the office. Caelius followed him forthrightly. But instead of the memory-store, Severus pointed to the words in a thick volume open on the desk behind the pensieve. ""Auld Magic", by Felix Felixssohn," confirmed Snape as Caelius examined it forensically. "You don't mean to say," enquired Caelius, half-rhetorically, "that Felixssohn believes conjurists believe..." he bent closer, "...that Samhain is actually 30th October, rather than 31st? That access to the otherworld, whence Cecilia came..." "...whence Tabitha is..." replied Snape, mainly to himself. "...has gone," interceded Caelius. ""The way is thin," the voice had said." Snape left the sentence hanging. It didn't take long for his point to be understood, watching Caelius's uneasy expression creep across his face like melting ice "Could it be that the conjuists have read about the hypothesis and just simply tried to gain access? Perhaps even managed?" Caelius shook his head again, as if the physical movement would be enough to organise his disordered thoughts. "I don't know; it's one of many thoughts I've had on the matter, Caelius, the one which seems to make the most sense. It will all come out in the enquiry that the Ministry will carry out." "Not by us," Caelius shook his head. "You said earlier - " Snape began. "We have left this, in the spirit of objectiveness, to the European Wizarding Council. A representative from the European Office wiill be assigned; I have already put the motion in place after speaking to Draco Malfoy's secretary. We will organise the trial in which the witengamot will be called, who will establish the cause or causes of the violence last night, and the consequences any perpetrators will face. That is, if we have anyone to put in front of them." This time, it was Snape's turn to stop. He looked into Caelius's deep blue eyes, the eyes of a well-trained politician, shaped as a youth by Snape's werewolf potion as someone in perpetual service to his country in the hope that one day his service history would be enough to pay back the favour Snape had done him. It was just a pity that the debt that Caelius felt he must honour included the rest of the wizarding population. "I was to share this with the reciprocators, when we next met, whenever we can," Caelius added pointedly. So many of the reciprocators were involved in the Ministry emergency talks or personal issues they had not been able to agree a time. "But, as it came up at the meeting shortly before midnight nearly all know anyway. I apologise, Severus, that you, as joint Head of the Reciprocators with me, are one of the last to know." He took the headmaster's silence as assertion to continue. "We have no perpetrators. Iit's not as if conjurists came out of th audience at the Lower Hunt and turned their wands on people. Threats were made, certainly, and death threats at that, to non-wizards. The Aurors will discover those responsible, in the end and, if it comes to it, the unspeakables. "Swales and Blewitt have been fully co-operative, but have been bailed pending further enquiries. We have no evidence, positive evidence, that they were responsible, despite their history. And, as we are in Scotland, Scottish wizarding law applies, and their case, I am certain, would result in a "not proven" verdict. Nevertheless - " "Nevertheless," finished Snape, " we will continue as we expect the reciprocators to do: carry on; search for evidence; uphold the law." "Indeed." Both wizards fell silent for a time, each assimilating the information they had received from on another. "Starting," Snape broke the silence unexpectedly, "with the Halloween feast, as is traditional. But first - " A knock on his office door interrupted the Headmaster's explanation. He frowned, then stepped heavily towards the door, thrusting it open and nodding as James and Lily Potter, with Sam in tow, head bent, stepped through. Disehevelled and tired, the three of them had travelled by broom, for the communications blackout had closed the floo and apparition had been suspended. Even then their journey had been fraught, having been stopped so many times and questioned about their travel intentions. "Severus," breathed James, his face lined with wear and care. "Thank you for seeing us so soon. I wanted to get it done as soon as possible so Sam's school-work would not be interrupted." Beside him, James Potter's youngest son nodded, his demeanour far from the bright, outgoing young man he usually was. Lily smiled thinly: she had stopped all night with Sam as he was questioned by the Ministry Aurors, taken shortly after Severus's security spell had been lifted, as James had co-ordinated the efforts of the Reciprocators. Caelius stopped where he was; Severus had already said that he thought it would be prudent the Minister for Magic remained. He knew that Sam Potter had been questioned overnight, his wand confiscated for the period of his arrest, and witnesses interviewed. All had corroborated that his wand had appeared to act without its owner's invocation and had vouched for Sam's behaviour prior and after Septimus Lupin's broom had been destroyed. The Aurors had then examined his wand and discovered the truth: Sam's wand had been tampered with, using very sophisticated magic. A false memory, planted as a curse-charm, had been placed on the wand which, under pre-set circumstances, unfolded and allowed the planted spell to be cast. Under scrutiny the spell had revealed itself, a "trojan horse" spell which had been pre-set, the date upon which it had been done could also be ascertained. Sam explained he had told them he couldn't account for his wand at that time; perhaps it had been in the dormitory, or forgotten – he was forgetul with his wand, sometimes: this was well known and at this Lily shook her head in despair. In short, however, Sam had been exonerated, although he would be expected to appear at the witengamot, the date of which the European Council would set, due to the event occurring at the time the country had been attacked. "So he can return to school today?" asked Lily, her voice earnest, almost desperate. "He can," nodded Severus, who then nodded at Sam. The look of relief on the boy's face was immense. "I will address the students over breakfast, inform them of the circumstances and explain that, as a closed school, the perpetrator of this crime – and it is a crime to do this to another wizard's wand – would result in the severest punishment; a punishment also for anyone discovered to have been withholding information." James and Lily Potter nodded with relief too. Sam, his head still inclined, tried not to make eye contact with Caelius. He felt sorry for the boy; to have been set up over something which was so very serious but, more than this, his role and position within the school: he was Head Boy, and Severus had said he would remain so. But Sam still had the task of actually entering Gryffindor common room and facing people who he knew had seen him – his wand - do this to Septimus. "May I make a suggestion?" Caelius smiled at Sam who looked at Septimus Lupin's uncle. "Septimus is in the hospital wing under the care of Madam Pomfrey. With the non-wizards having left the place is very empty. Perhaps, James, Lily, you could go to visit Septimus, and take Sam with you. We can explain to Septimus that Sam's wand was tampered with? Then, Severus, you can address the school, as you'd planned?" "I cannot see a problem with this; are you able to go with them, Caelius?" "Certainly." Anything to see his beloved nephew. "I need to return to the Ministry in an hour; will that give you enough time?" "Indeed. James?" Snape turned to James Potter, smiling a little. "I understand that, without your efforts last night, the game may not have been won. Too many people would have suffered from panic and fear, and your swift action in deploying reciprocators to calm down situations that were flaring up was effective and well-executed." "It's good of you to say so," James nodded, acknowledging the compliment. "And, if both of you agree, I will continue until you are able to address us? I feel we need information and guidance to go with the work we are doing. Not for myself, but I feel it would add reassurance to others that what they do is valuable and worthwhile." "Indeed." Caelius looked across to Snape, who nodded. "Within a week. We will chair a meeting, James, and do as you ask. In the meantime, in your capacity as Acting Head of the Reciprocators - " Lily shot James a look which he knew if he turned to look at would mean he had some uncomfortable questions to answer, "would you continue your work? We cannot do it effectively at this moment of crisis in the country and someone with skill and intelligence needs to be at the helm." It was what they'd agreed to ask James when Snape had told him that the Potters would be coming. It was true – they could not. It would only be temporary. "It is temporary," Snape echoed, "but vital. We have already agreed that it is vital to meet anyway, in order for our organisation to continue to play the vital role that it does. Within the week. So," concluded Severus Snape, "will you accede to this temporary role?" "Of course," nodded James, taking Snape's outstretched hand and shook it, before taking Caelius's, suddenly and without warning, and shook it too. "And so, Caelius, would you escort the family to the hospital wing? I am sure you too are anxious to see your nephew." 88888888 "What is a witengamot?" asked James Potter as they trod the steps up to the first floor of the castle. The hospital wing was in the east of the castle, up one flight and across the landing, bathed now in the weak, morning sun of the winter. Caelius, leading the three of them paused, his long, sandy-coloured hair catching the light in a glow. Behind James, Lily was holding Sam's hand and they paused too, the almost of-age wizard looking more a child considering the ordeal he had had to go through overnight. "Did you just mean wizengamot, Caelius?" The Minister for Magic and joint head of the Reciprocators shook his head. "A witengamot is almost identical to a wizengamot, however it differs in one way, one very significant way." "Non-wizards," chipped in Lily, smiling a reassuring smile to her son. "Indeed. When the trial commences, and especially if the wronged party has originated from the non-wizarding community, twelve non-wizards are in attendance in order to witness the trial, its premise and its outcome. They can then report back to their communities that justice was done. Witengamots are old institutions, dating back to pagan times." They commenced walking again, although were soon stopped at the door of the medical room by an unprepared Madam Pomfrey. Moments later and an irate healer navigated because of the promise that Severus Snape had indeed sent them up to see Severus and the only patient had his uncle sitting on a chair next to him. Septimus was asleep but woke at the sound of voices. He wasn't that ill, he explained to Caelius and he would probably be allowed back to is House that day. Caelius told him to take it easy; if his eagerness to be out of Madam Pomfrey's care was motivated by the Halloween supper it would be easy for it to be brought to him, a fact confirmed by the healer who returned Septimus's hopeful expression with one telling him that he was stopping for a little while longer. James expressed regret at the circumstances surrounding Septimus's Lightningshot destruction and his bruising and battering from the fall (but that was all Septimus had suffered) and had pushed Sam forward to apologise, which he did, his face ashen and dull, his head bent in shame. But Caelius then went on to explain that Sam had been clear of all charges, how his wand had been tampered with using an exceptionally advanced spell. James then offered Septimus the money for new broom. "Oh, Mr. Potter." Sam's voice was slow and careful. "I am glad you're coming back to be our Head Boy," Septimus smiled at Sam, "you are very good...he is very good," he added, to James and Lily. "But..." Septimus looked down, "...but Mum got me the Lightningshot at Diagonalley just before the start of school and...and..." he looked back at James, his eyes earnest, "...it can't be replaced, it's the only one ever made." The conversation quickly turned to the events of the rest of the day; how there would be singing and traditional Samhain story-telling, followed by the feast and James and Caelius recounted their time at Hedgewards, with Remus and Sirius, and it wasn't long until Severus returned and welcomed Sam back into the school, taking him back down to the Great Hall, to the events of the day that would unfold, of which had already been spoken, until Lily and James had to leave the heavily guarded castle and, shortly after, Caelius, hoping that he would be able to get to London and back onto his intensive work in sorting out the mess of the previous evening. It wouldn't be long before Septimus Lupin dozed back off to sleep, his body aching dully, only to be woken a few hours later with his friends surrounding his bed and spending the rest of the Halloween afternoon with him. 88888888 The rippling had stopped. Whatever had causd the paradox in the first place, the rippling that had carried to infinity one way, and then back again, to infinity at the other, had suddenly just...stopped. Tabitha didn't know how long she had been a-top a cloud-memory watching the absence of undulation, wondering not how the movement had stopped, not even why, but...what had caused its cessation. She already knew the answers to the former two: that the cause of the incompatibility in memories had been corrected for, and the reason, that the lie had been discovered. But she did not know the circumstances as to how it had been righted. It didn't matter, she mused, watching around her for the figure she had been keeping in her sight. Not there. But, of course, it wouldn't be. Not now. Poking her head down into the clouds to ascertain origin and whether or not it contained a fighting chance of available food, Tabitha's mind fixed on the next step of her assignment. She hadn't found them yet, but it would be found. Time meant nothing here. In the distance, the person was still there, much further away from her than he had ever been. She had found him. How pleased she was. For now, he was found he was already gone, out of sight, as if he had never been found at all. 88888888 "Ha-ha!" Mutual congratilations had passed between the wizards, in their tall, cool tower as the icy winter wind bathed the room in air and chill on a glorious Halloween morn. "You did it!" Gellert Grindelwald, the more Machiavellian of the two wizards massaged the shoulders of his lover. "A vital step in our long game, my love. You see, I am glad you heeded my advice for patience." "It was not I alone," replied Albus Dumbledore, smiling back at Gindelwald, his usually benign face betraying his joy at the accomplishment. "Others did my bidding, others who will, in time, have to answer disproportionately for the carnage that my spell wreaked. And they will bear it, for the cause. No," he stroked Grindelwald's chest. "It is the next step which I am anxious that is taken: too many variables are in place between now and Midwinter could upset the plan, or at least cause...difficulties." "Indeed. So you must occupy yourself by designing the detail for what comes after that, for it is that time wrhere detail will determine the outcome. We have come too far to allow mistakes to threaten the future after that." "And yourself, Gellert?" Dumbledore worked his way with his fingers up his lover's beard, stroking it with tenderness. "What of your plans with the Southern entrance?" Gellert Grindelwald said nothing for a time, instead he looked into the eyes of his eternal companion. Oh, what life might have been like if they had not met and drawn one another close. "They are dormant, waiting for the moment. It will be good to wait, in any case. Those who will prosecute the faithful, it is they, they who are consuming themselves, who will drown in regulations, fear and suspicions. It will not be long until the net tightens and chokes them all - shhhh..." Grindelwald put a finger to Dumbledore's lips. "You are too impatient my love...you always have been...relax...he will bring the third, and the way will be thin again...the countries of Europe will be tangled with uncertainty, fear, paranoia and inwardness and the path will be ours to be trodden.." he bent his head, lips meeting those of the wizard, "...ours...unopposed."
"So we are agreed that we are united in our temporary leadership choice for the reciprocators?" Caelius Lupin had returned to Hedgewards three days after meeting the Potters and speaking about the aftermath of the terrors of 30th October. This time, he'd arranged for a broom and access north, his wand encoded with an access pass so that he was not stopped every mile to justify his journey. It was, of course, Ministry business about which he was speaking to Severus Snape. The security of the school was vital and needed clarification. The subject did then change to reciprocation not long afterwards, and the joint governments' acknowledgement that any help from non-official law enforcement given freely – as long as it adhered srictly to the law – was very welcome and this message needed to be conveyed at Grimmauld Place. "They need something to depend on, to do the job we ask of them." He watched Snape absorb his words. Little had changed between them, and little had changed in their roles as join head of the reciprocators. Functionally, they would always be as they had been charged by Aberforth Dumbledore, the leaders of wizards who were to promote fellowship and communication between wizards and non-wizards. But, following the attacks by Conjurists – for it could only have come from that group of intolerant, extreme-beliefed wizards – this was going to be hard for the reciprocators to achieve. "I think the measures for communication and spells are extreme," replied Snape. "You have given a good deal to pacify non-wizards and still their prime minister's stance is that they wish for disassociation, rather than unity." There was a pause. Caelius knew this to be true: wizards had met non-wizards more than half way. But yet, it had been from their community these outrages had been committed. "We are showing that moderate wizards wish to be seen as distinct from Conjurists. We know that we do not believe their rhetoric and disorted interpretations of Auld Magic. But non-wizards do not have that understanding. This was the principle of allowing non-wizards to be educated at Hedgewards, should they so desired." Snape said nothing. He was well aware of Caelius's aim. It just meant that normal communication and even some spells had been restricted in the meantime. As if to answer his unspoken thoughts Caelius continued, "It is just temporary, and I have made this clear to the Ministry. Once Draco Malfoy has presided over the inquiry, and all is seen to be above board in the dealings with the conjurists, we can then resume floo and pensieve communications and we can allow for freedom of movement." "And the veil? Do you propose to remove its access restriction?" Since Saturday night, Gregor had closed the entrance to the veil and it had been guarded by the Unspeakables. Theoretically, if Tabitha Penwright had wanted to return now, she would not be able to. She wouldn't want to, Snape knew, for it was far too early in their own time. But, of course, she was dealing with other dimensions. The time for them, here and now, was different to the time for her. "The veil..." Caelius trailed off as if to show he was considering the concept. Snape knew better: Caelius Lupin would have already have an answer, would have already devised one when he was putting security measures in place. "I am confident that this will be done after the inquiry, and the trial of the conjurists we suspect responsible." So, you probably will not reopen it then, Snape thought grimly. He knew that Tabitha knew that what she had to do was not affected by access to the veil. Nevertheless...to close her only physical means of reach back to the world... "It's only temporary," said Caelius. "You youself championed her abilities in this." "Indeed. I understand the security measures; I agree with the non-wizard government about closing the veil temporarily; I agree with limiting non-wizard contact, Caelius. Some people are outraged by these attacks, and rightly so. But we need to be cautious." Down his long nose Severus Snape stared. He knew well the impact of spells being unused – their power diminishes and sometimes they get forgotten altogther. Snape didn't think some spells would be easily forgotten: few wizards would forget to apparate, he guessed, but there was always a possibility of it – spell-extinction had happened before, although forgetting some of the mediaeval spells that had once been used upon non-wizards was nothing but an advantage. "But," continued Snape, stroking the school's phoenix Fawkes gently and moving his fingers away to avoid mild charring, "what the non-wizard government suggests goes against our core constitutional values, surely Caelius? What you've always championed? We should be embracing non-wizards – and them us – not shunning them." Turning from the bird he sat down at the table. Some of the paperwork on the desk he pushed to one side, rummaging to find what he was looking for. " Here." He thrust a piece of paper, lilac with hooks-and-hangers writing at the top. "Yes, Severus," replied Caelius, a hint of the patronising in his voice as he glanced over the paper. "They need to feel happy, of course they do: they need to feel secure. We did it to them, remember, wizards, that is. To some with no magic that's all of wizard-kind to blame; they see no distinction. Besides, Draco Malfoy holds, or rather, his office holds that the distance the non-wizards wish to keep should be respected. After all, it is not they who have turned armies against us." Snape's expression turned from its usual unreadability into utter disbelief, his mouth falling open at such a suggestion being made by Caelius Lupin. "That goes against everything we as stand for, Caelius, that you stand for!" Severus's usual pragmatic, reserved mode of speaking slipping to match his expression as his common values for unity showed fiercely. Caelius, unmoved, stared back at the headmaster of the school, he who had once been sceptical of the desire for integration. "We've not failed if different communities rebuild separately after this attack; we have a threat that underpins all of us, whether wizard or non-: conjurists want to make our division absolute; driven by the two wizards who peer out over us all from their tower in the mountains. They not only know about the veil and other worlds, but they have used it – who else was behind Saturday's attack?" "You have proof positive, Caelius?" Severus Snape looked at him carefully. The minister was playing a highly risky game and, while he trusted the man's abilites to carry out politics occasionally, ever so occasionally, Caelius overlooked a piece of evidence or came to a catastrophically incorrect conclusion. It was very rare, but these circumstances were tentative and, at this point, with everything they had in their lives that depended on him and Caelius, Snape didn't want to overlook anything. "Indeed not," replied his co-reciprocator head. "Which is why we all must work so hard to show that we have done everything to maintain security. I also believe they know what came through the veil nearly thirteen years ago, or rather whom..." Or what, rather, thought Severus, his mind filling with thoughts, only several of which he had shared with Caelius. Perhaps it really was right that Caelius should know the inference he had made from...the DNA analysis...it was no wonder the boy was irritable this week; not just his time in the hospital, from which he had been released that afternoon. Not even that his beloved broom had been dispersed to atoms. Snape had ensured that Minerva McGonagall had been supplied with medicine that would temper his symptoms at this time of the month. Caelius could see that Snape was thinking about something, his mind closed as he passed a vial of identical medication silently over to him. "A little time apart, as communities, minimising the amount of magic we use in front of non-wizards – for now, " he added, "in a gesture to heal wounds beween us. To allow the European wizards to do their job and we will start again, as we did before. A bit of breathing space so we can recover and rebuild. Prime Minister Brown and I are in agreement with the most fundamental value of all, thank Merlin, that of unity, not division. This is jus a setback, Severus; we all have those. And now we are aware just what our threats are to the world we want to build and live in." Well put, thought Severus, marvelling at the political brilliance of the wizard. So well said. That is why you are the orator and I am not. You can comfort and inspire all in a few, well chosen, well presented words. "So, are you as one accord, Headmaster?" Snape nodded. It made sense, and he was nothing if not pragmatic. "Then, we will convene in two days' time at Grimmauld Place. Inform James that his offer to act as head is accepted with gratitude. We will reassure and we will inspire, and the reciprocators will do as they have always done." When Caelius had left, using the ministry broom that he had commandeered, Snape turned from the window, contemplating what the next few days would hold for them all. "What would you do," he asked, rhetorically to any picture of his predecessors that were listening, glancing up at them and eyeing them systematically. Wondering, not for the first time, whether the course of the future would, as Tabitha Penwright always believed, work itself out. 88888888 "Remember, remember, the 5th November. Not 'cos it's Bonfire Night but 'cos it's my birthday!" A rare smile passed over Lily Potter's face as she recalled her younger son's adaptation at the "Bonfire Night" rhyme in spite of the party that she had planned that evening having been abandoned. They were to celebrate Sam's Of Age birthday with him the next day – and would in any case now meet him. But her imagining – and partial organising - of a large party at Grimmauld Place had come to nothing. Now instead, because there really was nothing she could do for him - no amount of outspoken outrage or malevolent brooding to anyone who would listen would change that – she had finally accepted that she would not be able to bring Sam Potter into the world a second time, this time as an "Of-Age wizard", as was long held tradition. It was only right, of course. As James said, with the circumstances surrounding the attacks last week had meant that they were as busy as they could possibly be. But at least his seventeenth would not go unacknowledged. Now, on her younger son's birthday, as Grimmauld Place's living room filled with wizards who should have, in Lily's opinion, be celebrating Sam's birthday. Instead they were poised for the meeting that had been arranged. Instead of contemplating the meeting however, Lily was lost in comforting thoughts, ones about parties long gone; parties that Sam had had, usually at home, with exploding balloons and junior wand competitions. "Remember, remember," Sam would always say, once he had learned about Guy Fawkes Night. "It's my birthday!" Sitting next to her, of course, was James Potter, who squeezed her hand, knowing what she had already arranged for that night for Sam. His wife had been livid, but she had, give Lily her due, finally acknowledged reason. And James had to admit that a party for Sam would have been far preferable to this: an uncomfortable atmosphere which permeated the air. People were on edge, that was clear, due to their means of being summond by both Caelius and Severus and had, if their shifts been compatible, stopped on after the day patrol or, if they were due on that evening, arrived earlier. Those who were not due to be out keeping the peace or following up enquiries determined by the aurors had, for most of the last seven days hung around at Grimmauld Place, more out of a vague possibility of being helpful, or to combat the feeling of numb helplessness that came by staying away. Molly Weasley, in her inimitable role as hospitality co-ordinator fed and tea'd anyone around; and it was possibly the latter point rather than the former that had kept her twin sons at the headquarters. "This is great, mum." George Weasley, under the pretext of carrying the food into No. 12's living room scooped up several sandwiches as he went, passing some to Fred as his brother held open the door. Molly shook her head, half in exasperation, half in acknowledgement of her sons' habits, tutting at them motherly as they then proceeded to ferry the food to the large, low table in the centre where once Sirius's bed had been as he recovered a few weeks before. "So, how long 'til they make an appearance?" Sirius, having positioned himself on a sofa near the window, nudged James as he himself reached for a ham and tomato sandwich, causing his friend to almost drop it. James gave him a look, before replying, "they did say before 8." "Before 8 what?" piped up George, his mouth already stuffed full of a tuna and cucumber one. "Before 8 reciprocators die of boredom waiting for them?" He guffawed loudly, trying not to spray the sandwich contents around. "Who are we expecting?" "Our lords and masters the honourable Caelius Lupin and the equally honourable Severus Snape," replied Sirius, sardonically. "Who are probably the same person as we never see both of them together at the same time - " he broke off suddenly as Arthur Weasely came nearer. "At least we have them," Arthur replied, sinking heavily into a chair opposite Sirius. "They've been very professional over the government and the school; I wouldn't want their jobs right now," he added, as Sirius rolled his eyes. "Would you? We're in a war, with an enemy we can't define, who are attacking non-wizards in our name." "Bah!" exclaimed Sirius. "He's loving it: Caelius, being the hero of the hour. Organising us, and ordering us about: this isn't what we are supposed to do as reciprocators! Where's the discovery? Where's the helping old women across the streets? Because of him, we have divisions, because of his letting non-wizards in to Hedgewards!" "I don't think so, Sirius. I know you've been unwell..." Arthur trailed off as James, letting go of Lily's hand, turned to his friend. Lily turned her head away from them, her mind elsewhere. "You have been through a good deal, my friend," counselled James. "I mean, we were supposed to have Sam here tonight, but instead we have this - " he waved at the other reciprocators joining them now, at the Mullens, Bathsheba, Moody. At Arthur and Bathsheba, the latter two scooping up supper onto a plate and beginning to devour it, as if they'd never seen food in their lives before. "Instead, Sam has been called to give evidence at the Inquiry into the events of last week – he has this over him. We have Remus still in hospital - " he felt Lily wince and he took her hand again. "But you'll see him tomorrow," asked Sirius, smiling a little at Lily. "I mean, you can take him out of school, you can go to Diagonalley?" Lily nodded, her brow furrowing. "It's not the same," she continued, "but it will have to do. I mean, Sam's been cleared of wrongdoing by the Mininstry; the analysis of his wand showed that someone had placed a spell on it so it would behave as it did, at a certain time. I am sure that is what he will have to say at the Inquiry." She smiled at Sirius. "He will have to go though it, but I trust the Unspeakables; they are never wrong." She glanced across to James, her reddened, tear-spent eyes glistening with hope. "They should just be able to confirm it for Sam. A formality, Caelius explained," she added. But Sirius got to his feet. "Caelius," he growled, as he paced around his own living room. "Do what Caelius Lupin says, and all will be right." He turned to Lily for a moment, his features crumpled in anger, his voice stentorian. "Oh, it's not your fault for believing him Lily, he says what he feels is necessary at the time, flatters...reassures...but then, when does he deliver? Never! We work, we've slaved away, you more than ever, James!" His voice grew louder and he jabbed his index finger towards his friend. "What you will do tonight, is more than he is worth..." Sirius stopped, aware that the people around him were staring at him, those who had fought when he and Remus had been hospitalised; those who had gone the extra mile to help, time and time again. For once, Sirius realised he had gone too far and the efforts of those he had invited to his house all those years ago to do this "saving the world" job, as a base for the wizards Aberforth had recruited, to meet. He had promoted it as being the place to be, due to Joseph Black's change of heart over non-wizards and who began the idea of reciprocation between wizards and non-wizards. But, here and now, at a time when things were turbulent, he was, for the first time, outwardly questioning Caelius Lupin's decisions who was, after all, the successor to Aberforth, along with Severus. "Sirius, we are all working hard, this is true," replied Arthur Weasley carefully, sitting forward and speaking carefully. "We are meeting tonight so we can talk to Caelius and Sirius so we can see how our work can be used to assist, see where it all fits in next and - " "You may want to do that, Arthur, but why us, when they are so laid back they are horizontal! With his inaction, Caelius caused this! What are their plans, that's what I'd like to know." Sirius continued to stalk around, as James got to his feet, putting out his arm to his friend, but Sirius brushed it away, irritably, muttering to himself. "C'mon, Sirius," soothed James, but he pushed away his friend again, folding his arm and glaring at the floor. "And you may ask anything you wish, of course, Sirius Black." The recipocators, tired, and fraught having suffered from weeks of patrol and peacekeeping and now having to bear Sirius's irritation, turned as one, to Caelius Lupin's voice. At the door by the stairs both wizards stood, Severus Snape, in his customary black robe and Caelius, in pale green, both having arrived there silently, for it was now indeed 8 o'clock. "I thought apparition was banned now, Caelius?" asked Sirius, slumping down in his chair again. "Haven't the current terror attacks seen to that?" "Limited," corrected Caelius, "and due to be reinstated once the inqury into last Saturday's horrendous outrages has been carried out." He moved towards the centre of the chairs, that had been arranged in an untidy circle in the living room of Grimmauld Place. "And, may we begin by saying, as joint head of the Reciprocator movement, that we appreciate the lengths to which you have gone in your civic duties in defending the public, no matter who they are, on the principles founded by your ancestor, Joseph Black." He turned to look at Sirius as he mentioned the name. "You are right in saying you have been fighting to uphold the ideals of the reciprocators over long hours, day after day, week after week. We could not know what course of action Aberforth's brother would take, but - " glanced at Severus Snape, who had to agree to the information being shared, "when Aberforth passed over the mantle of leadership to us, confided to us that there was a danger to all from the East. He suspected Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald were plotting to exert their power in one way or another, and he knew that it was a matter of "when", even if it were to take years." Caelius began to pace as Snape remained silent; they had agreed to be honest with the reciprocators – up to a point – in the hope of reassuring them that their efforts were not in vain. Snape knew that his contemporary was a more charismatic speaker, and there would be time yet to give his account before they made their big announcement. "So," accused Sirius, jumping to his feet and standing opposite Caelius, glarirng at him, "you are now prepared to admit you were wrong? Your lackadasical approach? Your inaction? We have non-wizards shutting their doors to us because of our magic." He jabbed his finger towards the windown. "They feel afraid. Wizard children are being shunned in their primary schools because of their magic. Teaching staff are tackling it, but...that's just schools! There's people living together, wizards and non-wizards -" " - sometimes even in the same house -" added Mick Mullen drily, whose comment earned a few titters of amusement. Sirius glared at him. " - wizards and non-wizards are afraid of another! For what? A very well played game by conjurists which you, Caelius, seemed to have allowed to pass by!". There was a pause. It was what several of the reciprocators gathered were thinking. They were uneasy with the laid-back stance that the Ministry had taken, especially in comparison to the one of strength adopted by the non-wizard government. "Are you about to tell us that there is no longer a Combined Government of this country, willing to take charge for the whole of its citizens?" Another pause. This time, surprisingly, Caelius looked at the food spread out on the tables in the centre before seeking out Molly Weasley with his glance. "Thank you, Molly, for this could only be you who have catered for us all this evening. We are in your debt for you have kept us refuelled and refreshed for many a month." He turned, looking at Sirius again, and inhaled. "This country owes the people in this room more than it could ever know. You have been the glue that has held together the Combined Government, and fought to uphold reciprocation. Due to the nature of the attacks on the country – and remember, both wizards and non-wizards were targeted, Prime Minister Brown and I have come to the decision – one not made lightly – that in order to instil confidence amongst our respective representatives, we will make decisions over domestic issues separately until such a time that wizards don't feel persecuted for beliefs that are not their own and non-wizards feel safe from attack by wizards. We are divided, temporarily, indeed we are," Caelius nodded in agreement at the thoughts that the majority of the wizards there were thinking, "something which we do not wish to be. We have lived peacefully for nearly two hundred years working together, and before that, thousands. It is correct that we do not have to send wizard children to primary school. Hostility will pass, of that I am convinced." He let the news sink in: that the wizards were now divided from the non-wizards governmentally. What did that mean? What would that cause? Questions and suppositions were being discussed amongst the reciprocators, some hushed, some animatedly. "May I ask a question, Caelius? Severus?" Arthur Weasley raised a hand and the wizards fell silent. "Was the idea to send the ill non-wizards back home a cause, or an effect of Saturday night's activities?" "A good question, and one which Severus is better placed to answer?" Caelius took a step back and, in his place, Severus Snape filled it. "Indeed, a good number of non-wizards at Hedgewards did succumb to illness which, we believe, is due to the highly concentrated magical environment. Some of them showed signs of recovery and development of a natural resistance to the magical energy, although some did not. We believed it was in the best interests of all students that the non-wizards who wished returned home, their places reserved for January, when they, should their parents wish it, could return. Two students, who have shown almost a full recovery, Jason Crudglington and Julian Scott, have remained, at their, and their parents' insistence. Are there any other questions?" "Do you agree with Caelius's action, Severus, in light of the attacks happening at Hedgewards?" Bathsheba Braddle "Indeed. We are united in our approach in that we should see justice, in the form of Draco Malfoy, who had been asked by Caelius and Prime Minister Brown, to preside over the Inquiry into the attacks at Halloween. This will be held, at the end of November and - " Snape glanced over to Caelius, who took it as his cue to continue. " - and during that time, as we build evidence so as to ascertain exactly what has gone on, we can rebuild our houses, and our lives, we can live as we did before, and continue to do right by others, whatever their magical status." There was a small outburst of applause at this, as a few of the reciprocators nodded to one another. Fred and George winked, taking the opportunity to swipe a few more sandwiches, and James held Lily's hand. As the atmosphere began to feel less strained and people began to talk more freely Sirius, his head shaking and his arms folded, declared, "Not you, Caelius. You are not rebuilding your house." "Is there any truth in the rumour, then Caelius, that the conjurist attacks did thousands of galleons' worth of improvements?" This time it was Dave Mullen with the quick wit, his face creasing in amusement and grinning at Caelius, who himself smiled, a little grateful to the older wizard for lightening the mood, even if it was at the expense of his cottage on the side of Helvellyn. "May I ask, Severus...Caelius..." Arthur Weasley leaned forward again and addressed them both, "can you tell us some more about the Inquiry? How will it affect us?" It was something that was clear that the reciprocators all wanted to know. Many knew of the requirement of Sam to give account of last night before Halloween, but little else. They leaned forward, lest they missed the information. "Indeed. We have designated a witengamot whose aim is to bring to light and conclude on the circumstances of last week. To allow for objectivity, as far as possible, we have asked the Head of the European Wizarding Ministry to preside and because it is a witengamot; in the circumstances, we have requested the presence of significant non-wizards so they may report with accuracy the outcomes. In this way we have been open and honest in our dealings, in the spirit of justice and doing right by our communities of non-wizards." There was silence which, just as it seemed to be that it would last an eternity, was broken with applause. Arthur Weasley, shortly followed by Molly, George and Fred, and then accompanied by Dave Mullen too. "It has been a difficult week, setting this up," Caelius admitted, as some of the recprocators began to nod to one another, the clapping subsided. "We are forgetting what we have been doing in the past week!" stormed Sirius, getting to his feet, standing inches away from Caelius, visibly shaking. "No," replied Caelius evenly. "Not forgotten." He turned to look at James. Sirius followed his line of sight. "Really?" he added accusingly. "Because it seems to me that you've abandoned us, abandoned James even more so to organise us all, to do shift after shift, with no end in sight, James and Lily, and the Mullens, and - " He shrugged his shoulders as James again tried to calm him down, but then it was James Potter's turn to speak. "Enough, Sirius," he declared sharply, addressing his friend, and thereby inadvertently addressing all assembled. "The enemy here is not ourselves, nor the non-wizards, who do not understand. It is the conjurists, as it has always been, and those who manage and control them. While we fight we get nowhere. While we fight they have won. Division will not reverse your lycanthropy; will not heal Remus Lupin - " here, James stared over to Caelius, who nodded his head. "But together we can do it, we have done it, and we have the skills in all of us, continuing as we have done in our particular jobs and roles to do this. We must not give up now; it's the last thing we should do! We should push on, to collect what we can for the trial; to allow the truth to be heard through the public inquiry, so that all can see where the blame should be laid." At James's words, Sirius slowly turned to his friend, his ire finally breached, and sagged as applause, for a second time that night echoed around the panelled living room and, defeated, Sirius fell into the chair next to his friend. Bathsheba looked across to him sympathetically. "Well spoken, James," concluded Caelius, as if to close the matter. Alastor Moody however, was not happy to leave it closed, and asked instead after Remus. "Well," replied Severus, who stepped before Caelius. "He is currently stable, and I have made a good deal of progress, I am sure. He can remain indefinitely sedated until I have the cure." "Then this is surely the best news we've heard all evening!" declared Bathsheba Braddle, pushing her rain-damp hair back from her face. She had been one of the reciprocators called from a duty now being covered by an auror so she could attend that evening. A blessing, 'Sheba had thought to herself, for she did not relish handling a lot of false summonses that would inevitably turn out to be a firework, or a Catherine wheel not lit with sufficient care. Or arguments over something silly, like a sparkler. "And so, in conclusion, we aim to allow for visibility in our actions, to allow for anyone who may question us to see the basis that the Inquiry was called, and its outcomes." Sirius hmph'd as Caelius called for questions, clarified with Severus, as they explained that the non-wizards would be returning to Hedgewards; that non-wizards had been inspired by them to bridge the gap from non-wizard to wizard, led as it was now, by members of the Forteskew family, and how this should strengthen their cause; how Regulus, Sirius's brother, had become an auxiliary reciprocator, so to speak, aiding communication only, along with Petunia, herself allying herself with the Non-Wizard reciprocators – NWRs, though not going to far as to join and attend meetings. Regulus, for his part in floo communication, and that of the portable pensieves would be giving testimony at the witengamot of the transactions between the suspected conjurists. "You said at the last meeting, Sirius, that you were in touch with Cecilia about garnering infomation about Auld Magic. Are you still doing this?" Tonks, who had sneaked in at the back near Molly Weasley, her hand aloft, had been rewarded with acknowledgement. "To some extent, yes," confirmed Severus, staring stonily back at the witch. "We have no floo contact with her now, as much for her safety as the security of the information. Harry, with help from Lily - " he nodded at her in acknowledgement, "provided Mrs Lupin with information pivotal to her completing her task. In due course we will be able to use what she finds to aid our cause. This is a complicated matter, as I am sure you would all agree," he added, nodding to the reciprocators, as one. "What we do now will add to the evidence of the Ministry, as prosecution towards the Inquiry. What you will do now, until then, will contribute to that...guard duty, keeping of the peace, patrolling, which will generally increase our visibility. We want to get it right - " he broke off as Mick Mullen got to his feet. "Basically, what our leaders are telling us is that every time we do our bit, as they are doing theirs, as Cecilia is doing hers, it will go towards ensuring that no more nasty extreme wizarding actions could be used to manipulate and cause this, for it was extremely clever terrorism. We don't know who has done it, but we know that it was done; everyone in the country knows that it was done and there must be a perpetrator" said Mick Mullen. "Hold on," butted in Dave, turning to his twin, a look of impishness on his face. "What if it's nothing to do with conjurists, I mean, no-one saw them do it. And we all saw the dementors – we know they come from the "other side", where souls come from. I mean, who's to say that what Tabitha Penwright is doing didn't cause this?" It was a good point, made mainly because this is what always happened between the Mullen twins – they took up opposing sides of arguments and fought until one of them was defeated, logically, and sometimes metaphorically, although just occasionally physically. "We do not. But it is Tabitha I trust the most in this," declared Severus, in a rare display of opinion over fact. "She know what she is doing. The question is, do we?" At this unusual display of leadership, all of the reciprocators looked at him. Fred dropped his fourth sandwich on the floor in surprise, quickly covering up the mess by folding forward his legs. Bathsheba looked over her spectacles in surprise and even Moody and Arabella Figg muttered to one another. "So, we will vote. I wish you all to decide on the motion that we will continue, in our own way, to support reciprocation by continuing to stamp out conjurism as we find it, challenge intolerance where we find it, foster good relations with non-wizards. Am I seconded?" "Yes!" declared Arthur Weasley and Benjamin Braddle together. "We only need one," clarified Caelius, reminding the wizards of the committee rules. Benjamin and Arthur looked at one another, before Benjamin sat back down. "Seconded," he continued, placing his wand on Arthur Weasley's shoulder. "Anyone oppose?" He thought for a moment that Sirius would oppose the motion, but when no objection came, he called for the vote. It was unanimous. "And here is to the second," Caelius continued, glancing first at Severus's stony exterior and then at James Potter. "We have, as you will have noticed over these previous weeks, that Severus and I have been unable to co-ordinate your activities in relation to your reciprocation. In light of events, and our increase in workload, it is feared by us both that this will probably worsen as the month progresses. "Therefore, we wish to propose, with James's consent of course," Caelius paused, waiting for affirmation from James Potter, which he got in a nod, "that he take over the co-ordination of the reciprocators until that time Severus and I can resume the duties that Aberforth laid out to us. James?" He gestured to James Potter, who stood up immediately, and looked around the room. Expectant eyes rested on him as they waited for him to speak. "Seconded," declared Sirius at once, trying not to catch Lily's blackening stare. "Objections?" Asked Caelius. He waited a good few minutes until he was sure that not one of them disagreed with the proposal that James should continue organising them. Caelius then turned and shook James Potter by the hand, and the room's occupants, some exchanging a few words, some in stony silence; others in gasps of surprise. Eventually this culminated in congratulatory applause. "Oh no, it's going to be hell!" declared Sirius sarcastically, rolling his eyes. "For you anyway, Black!" shot back James, "how do double shifts tonight and tomorrow sound?" "You wouldn't!" laughed Sirius, "I'd - " "Enough!" shouted Lily, getting to her feet, her eyes red as she blinked back tears. "Lily?" James hurried across to her, leaning forward and taking her by the elbows gently as she rubbed at her eyes. " We did talk about this...it's just until - " "Yes...I know..." she stammered, "it's just...it's -" she looked at him in the eyes, frowning at the effort not to cry, then leaned into him, capitulating to the emotion and sobbing quietly into his chest. James stroked at her back as he sat her down. The meeting broke up; there was a lot that they all needed to discuss amongst themselves. James sat back down with Lily and Sirius strategically moved away to speak to the Mullens about that evenings' shifts until Severus approached him and gave him a vial of wolfsbane, to ward off the pre-lunar tension that he was so obviously experiencing. Caelius would have liked to have thanked them for the lengths to which each of them went when they undertook reciprocator work, but it didn't seem like the time. Now was the time for careful planning and preparation, so that what he envisaged as a rescue plan for the wizards, and the non-wizards too, would come to fruition. In the manner that they had arrived, the joint Head of the Reciprocators departed the headquarters, leaving a happier, and more at ease company than when they had arrived, leaving them, like Caelius to lead the Ministry and Severus Snape to head Hedgewards, to their vital duties. 888888888 It had been a week since Hermione Grainger had begun at the European Wizard Council offices in Strasbourg, but the newly-promoted witch had exprienced a week that she could never have imagined. There was to be an investigation, Hermione had been told, when she reported for work on 1st November, chaired by Draco Malfoy himself, to ascertain the guilt of so-called conjurists and preside over evidence that was being collected by the British Ministry for Magic and also the European Office, collecting independent evidence. Sitting in their living room, still in their delapidated, rented house in Britain, Hermione closed her eyes, her feet throbbing as she waited for Harry to return. They had hoped that this weekend they would move into the flat that they had stayed in during the summer, when Hermione had carried out her work exchange; that they could have ended their rental contract and banked that month's rent towards the wedding. She opened her eyes again, and glanced at the clock. Nine-thirty. Harry had told her he would be visiting Grimmauld Place later that evening to find out what had gone on at the Big Meeting, and would, if necessary, be assisting them. But he had promised he would be back before midnight, for he had not seen her all week. Indeed, Hermione felt as if it had been a few hours since she had been sitting on that old, threadbare settee, at least fourth-hand in age, contemplating what her new job would have in store for her as Harry had reglazed the house windows. A fine way to spend Halloween! But it would work out, Hermione was sure. They would be out this month, and saving for May; the announcement of their wedding and her job would have been lovely to have been done on Saturday, but under the circumstances, when people had lost their lives... ...their friends knew that she had been promoted, and they would be happy for her, and them both. Friends and family would be able to celebrate at the wedding itself. For the first time, Hermione felt very lucky to have magic, to be on the side of the fence not being persecuted. She felt sorry for the non-wizards she knew; those in her family yes, but those she did not know so well. What had they done to deserve windows breaking, being injured, being threatened. She understood, probably for the first time, Harry's point about differences being highlighted and used as weapons. How she wished she had not pooh-poohed the idea, just under a very long fortnight before, when Harry had been on his way to his family's rebuilt house. Hermione closed her eyes again, her mind recalling, in odd, unsequential bursts, events and scenes at the Strasbourg parliament building. She had been set to organisation of filing of paperwork, a task which had become ever increasingly uninspiring as the week progressed. Hermione had comforted herself that she was doing these uninspiring clerical tasks in the European Magical Council Building and was happy to do it. She was glad that there would be an investigation, not just by the wizard and non-wizard governments of Britain, but also from the European Ministry. It would be good to cross-reference the Draco Malfoy's enquiry and she was heartened to find that the evidence she was assembling for the European President tallied with what she already knew herself. She had discovered an account by Jvordjacz, a Polish wizard, a reporter for his country who had been in Britain the week leading up to the attacks, which had described in detail a large umbrella-like structure which had descended over Hedgewards castle that night and protected those in its grounds. It had amused Hermione that the accounts that had been requested seemed to be taken from those already reported, by the non-wizard newspapers and even from the Daily Prophet. For how would Mikhail Jvordjacz know what the protection spell that Snape had used looked like unless he had been there, which was very unlikely. So it appeared that President Malfoy was going to be objective; that was one relief. That he advocated the autonomy of the non-wizard population, that too was a bonus, for she knew from a meeting with one of the advisors to the non-wizard government, a John Smith, who arrived to Strasbourg that week for a meeting with other non-wizard representatives for other governments in Europe, that it was something that the British Prime Minister was keen to sell to the public. A faint tinkling sound made Hermione open her eyes again, and in the faint glow of the hall light – she hadn't even had the energy to turn the living room one on – and she listened carefully. No. Not Harry back yet. She closed her eyes again. How pleased she had been to know that her parents' house had not been subjected to attack. For one thing, being as elderly as they were, it would be such an inconvenience, never mind shock for them. And the same feeling reappeared in her mind, moving slowly, like fog, of regret of her opinions. If she felt like that about her parents then what would others, even more vulnerable, even younger,or older, even poorer – how would they feel about it. Feeling tiredness leave her, Hermione went to the kitchen to make herself a sandwich, then decided to make a pasta bake for Harry. He was always hungry after work, and deciding to join his parents and help as much as they needed would make him even more so. As the water boiled in the pan over an ancient electric hob Hermione began to think of the ramifications of the Inquiry, which would combine a trial of the wizards Thales Blewitt and Mark Swales, plus a couple of others implicated by association. Many of their possessions had been seized by Caelius Lupin's office, Hermione had discovered, for an inventory had been drawn up for the European Ministry. Innocuous objects, but also ones that were potentially damnable: a copy of "Art of the Wize"; names of wizards from the continent who were known to have fundamental wizard beliefs. A transcript of a conversation purporting to be from Wolfgang Broeck containing anti-non-wizard messages, although to be honest, anyone could have picked up one of those if they went to a supposed conjurist hot-spot the day after a meeting – several dozen could be found in hedgerows and trees. And then there was Ann Blewitt, who had been interviewed by the non-wizard police. She was a self-proclaimed NWR, a witch who proclaimed the virtues of non-wizard reciprocation...helping with the ironing; babysitting; keeping an eye on a stove while a mum collected her children were collected from school, that sort of thing. Nothing she had to say, and no evidence brought to bear either implicated her in anything untoward either. She was listed as a witness for the witengamot. Hermione was sorry that she would miss it, for it would be interesting to hear Mrs Blewitt rationalise being married to a suspected conjurist when she carried out what amounted to voluntary community service. Then there were the attacks themselves. As Hermione stirred in tomato and mushroom sauce into now-drained fusili pasta she considered how any prosecution was going to hold up against attacks which, unless the Ministry had more information than they were giving to the European Office, had been invoked by no-one, come out of nowhere and had been on places with some degree of non-wizards in the locale, shattering glass in their wake, but not actively targeting non-wizards, save for the cryptic threat. There we are, she thought, as steam emanated from her evening meal. Slipping it into a bowl and sitting at the elderly second-hand table Hermione's mind flitted from the enquiry to gratitude that her future with Harry would involve new furniture, not pieces which, had she placed a spell on them may well be able to recall with accuracy the Winter of Discontent. Harry. Spooning the pasta to her mouth her mind dwelt on her soon-to-be husband. It was satisfying and altogether intriguing that he and his mum had been working on the history of magic right back to it's roots in Auld Magic. Or at least Harry had. Lily had gone AWOL as far as Hermione could see. Their evening last Saturday night, her announcement of her job and their engagement which they had planned to reveal to their guests had evaporated in the wake of the attacks and neither of them couldn't bring themselves to think of rescheduling. Even Sam's birrthday had been disrupted. Perhaps this was why Lily has been so distant, so disconnected when she had spoken to Harry's mum earlier that week. Frowning, Hermione glared at the buttercup pattern that was slowly revealing itself at the bottom of the now-emptying bowl. The scale and brutality of attacks, as so graphically described in both the Daily Prophet and papers, the circled Cs that were left behind as a sort of sickening logo on trees, houses and pavements was generally horrific; the conjurists declaration of victory. It was appalling that in the twenty first century a symbol of such extreme potency had been spread far and wide and such measures as the witengamot was about to be undertook, incoveniencing scores, if not hundreds of wizards, from beaurocracy through to displaced people. Hermione was relieved that mum and dad had returned to their home using the Knight Bus, dreadfully incapacitating to their weekend the distruption had been – and they had told her so. Hermione had not told them that they were amongst the lucky ones. As she stood to dispose of her plate and spoon into the sink and put into a plastic container the remainder of the food for her fiance, Hermione's aforementioned beau unlocked the door of their house. Of course! So few spells were active that of course Harry would have to come in that way. "Have you eaten, sweetie?" Hermione turned towards the door as Harry leaned round, midway in the act of pulling out another plate onto which she was about to put up a portion. "Not exactly..." Harry began, and went on to tell Hermione that he had been invited to the reciprocator headquarters that evening, only to be begged by his mother to continue with his work. "It's because of Sam," Hermione soothed, as they both sat down on mismatched chairs at the well-worn kitchen table. "It's supposed to be his Of Age birthday celebration today." "Yes," agreed Harry, "it's not that – I think Sam would want to keep his head down at the moment until all of this has blown over," he added, "and we're invited out tomorrow for dinner with him and Mum and Dad - " Harry waited for Hermione to decline the invitation; thus was the nature of Hermione's job, but instead she smiled. "Yes, I'd love to - " her face collapsed a little into a frown. "But?" "Oh...nothing. Just so tired this week, love." She put her hand over his, trying to undo the knot between her eyebrows. "You were saying?" Harry pushed his spectacles up his nose; the steam from the dinner dampening his skin as he felt pleased with what she had said. However he knew her, and in twenty four hours all might be different. "She asked me to continue to work on the History of Auld Magic rather than come to the meeting. Mum, you know, Hermione..." he paused, replacing his fork onto his plate and looking at her intently. "I know she handed the work over to me willingly; I understand why no-one, not even she, wanted to be ambassador with this information to Mrs Lupin. But...it's as if she still wants a hand in it, as if a part of her is desperate to help solve this." "Sam is involved..." Hermione let the sentence hang as the idea sank into Harry's mind. Eventually he nodded. "Anyway," he continued, squeezing her hand, what has my newly-appointed assistant to the European Wizarding Council been doing today?" "Sorting through information that the British Ministry for Magic has been sending. I don't know how the Aurors would have coped on their own; the reciprocators too, of course...they've done so much this week; sent so much too." Harry nodded as she detailed the day. It mirrored his own experience of that week, as a bystander to the information feed, detainment for questioning and primary evidence obtained relevant to the attacks the week before. Conjurists, neutral witnesses both wizard and non- ; even three witches claiming to be NWRs, but whose status had not been confirmed (nor less denied) by the wizardly recipocators. Harry could only think that their objectives must be similar to those of the wizardly reciprocators, but he was still at a loss to understand why any non-wizard would bother. "And to think, not too long now and you'll be the one floo'ing to work when all I'll need to do is walk down some steps in the apartment block," Hermione replied, as she got to her feet, scooping away the dinner plates. "We have some ice-cream left from last week," she added as Harry got up too and he made his way over to the freezer, pulling out the first box from the six that remained; party food had sustained them all week following their non-event celebration the Saturday before. "Can I ask," asked Harry at length, vanilla ice-cream in front of him which he was stirring so it melted, "will we ever be moving from this leaky, run-down place that we're paying so much for?" Admittedly, it had taken him a little while to accept the Strasbourg flat but, as Hermione had pressed on more than one occasion, they'd be saving money; she'd not have to commute so far. Things would be new. He caught her expression as he grinned and she took his hand, acknowledging his mild ribbing. "In a month," she replied, putting down her spoon, "December. It'll be sorted then, and then, ha! We can hand those keys back to the rental people and laugh all the way back to Gringotts as they find someone to take it!" Harry smiled back, a glow in his stomach. Hermione at her most assertive was one of the reasons he was so attracted to her. And soon they would be together, forever. "The cheek of trying to charge us for the windows!" she added, loosing Harry's hand, instead siezing his bowl decisively and dumping both down next to the sink. "Right, while we're in the mood, we can get on with that clear out - " Hermione looked back at her fiance. "You know, you said, as you weren't in the office tomorrow...?" "Ah-ha..." Harry hoped his vague acknowledgement was enough to hide his mental warning alarm that was telling his hindbrain of the fact this - which he was almost sure he hadn't agreed to do - had totally escaped him. "I'll tell you what," said Hermione, who hadn't been taken in for a minute, rotating her wand before the dinner plates and guided them into the sink, before adding washing-up liquid with a light flick of her wrist and then rotating her wand to turn on the tap. "You're right," she continued, interpreting her fiance's limp protestation as his remembering that they were meeting Mr. and Mrs. Potter and Sam in Diagonalley for his birthday celebration. "There isn't a lot," she concluded, wafting past him purposefully and into the living room. Harry, in the manner of every man almost caught mentally vacant while his other half had been asking him questions, thought it prudent to follow her and act as if he had been listening all the time. Stepping in too, he was greeted with the under-stairs cupboad door open wide and Hermione on her hands and knees throwing paper of all different types – books, magazines, individual leaves behind her, pushing them back and tutting in disgust at the space what she had deemed to be of no value was taking up within. "I thought you'd got rid of all of this?" As Harry began analysing the contents that Hermione was bringing to light, he paused and turned to her. She shuffled backwards on her knees, a pile of papers tied up with string. No. Not papers. Parchment. He followed the pile with his eyes as Hermione carried it, heaving it onto the coffee table, before meeting hers, which were shimmering with accusation. "Yes," he agreed. "I did. Or at least - " He paused to rub his scalp through his dark, hair. He had burned them a few months ago, Mrs Lupin's research notes, some things written by Severus Snape. Even that embarrassing copy of a vanity book given away when he was just a teenager, as if life as an adolescent wasn't difficult enough. "Right," Hermione said, glaring back at the table as a parent to an errant child who stands before his mother and silently protests his innocence. "You get the fire going and we can put these on. I've got some things from my training days that can go on too – no point keeping ten year old documents; I've passed my legal exams." An hour later, and both were in bed, having done the disposing that Harry knew was getting to Hermione. Still alert, her mind was still occupied with work and she talked throrugh her day, whom she had met, what she had done. Harry lay on the cool, fresh sheets, his arm under her, listening. He was so proud of her achievements, and thought back to what he had done. Scoured documents that might have a bearing on Cecilia Lupin's ability to come up with a scientific answer for Remus. Long, tedious and not nearly so glamorous as Hermione's. But he did feel a little measure of sadness in leaving to live in Strasbourg, with its new funiture and fixtures. Somehow, he imagined their first house together was going to be something like this one, similar to that of his parents. Ordinary, rather than worrying about fingermarks on the TV or a little bit of dirt on the carpet. "Did you hear," Hermione said at length, "the non-wizard government has put through their parliament laws to ban prejudice against wizards." In the almost darkness Hermione looked over to Harry, waiting for his acknowledgement. "Yes." "They, at least, are prepared to do something conciliatory. That's something." "What are the plans? Are you able to tell me? What are their objectives?" "Peace, I presume," Hermione inferred. "They have encouraged the NWRs. Several have been on non-wizard television being interviewed. Wonder what the real reciprocators think of them. Should we expect that they will join forces?" Harry paused, wondering what the meeting at Grimmauld Place was going to be like that evening. His father had told him there was going to be a big meeting, and to expect changes in the Potter household. It hadn't sounded like particularly good changes. "We can ask tomorrow," he said, kissing Hermione softly on the head. "I mean, we'll have to talk about something; it's like there's something so big between us all that we daren't speak about with Sam, we'll have to think of something." "We can talk about the wedding. And bonfire night." "That's tonight." "Is it?" "Yes. 5Th," Harry confirmed, staring at the shadow being made by the streetlamp and the tree in their front garden. "Definitely. But yes. The wedding. I can tell mum she can talk to the reciprocators about it, and your promotion..." Harry left the sentence hanging, waiting for Hermione to agree. Reluctantly, Harry noticed, she did agree and a feeling of sorrow flitted through his brain, wishing not for the first time that he could go back to a week before and there not to have been any Conjurist attacks, so Hermione could have what she had been so desperately wanting to do, have a proper announcement with their friends, and celebrate with them. "Anyway, weren't you going out tonight?" Hermione cuddled up closer to Harry, resting her hand lightly on his stomach. "Was I?" "Bonfire celebrations with Ron? Talking to him about the true history of the celebration as he pretends to know nothing?" "That's not pretending, Hermione," Harry replied, as another part of his brain wondered if he had agreed. Surely he would have remembered? But then, he had been so busy at the Ministry, arriving so early that the Post Imps thought he was the Owl cleaner. "Not tonight," Harry concluded. "I fancy an early night; these past few days seem to be so intense; heaven knows what they must be like for you. Anyway, he'll be out with Freya, I expect." "Well, we can invite them to another party," Hermione sighed, her head feeling heavy. It was true, she didn't know when she had been this busy. "Honestly, though Harry, she's seventeen, and he's..." "Twenty nine. That's not a lot. Look at Lupin and Cecilia." "Not the best example," Hermione replied. "I wouldn't call that the most stable of relationships. All the same, after her immature behaviour last year...can you talk to him, Harry?" "And say what? Don't go out with her, ignore her? It's not our business." "She's a vulnerable young adult." "Didn't seem that vulnerable when she was all over him last week. I think she knows what she's doing. Besides, Ron said they had not taken it far." "I seem to remember a conversation not too many months ago when he alluded to a lot more than what he said," Hermione replied. "OK, do what you feel. I just don't want to think that in a few months' time they're in a mess and we might have helped to stop it." "What's the matter, Hermione?" Harry asked. He knew her well; she only usually got heated up and virtuous when something was bothering her. She sighed heavily, as he cuddled her shoulders. "Another "Daily Prophet" article. Henrietta. Suggesting she was a spy after all; full of conjecture and suggestive evidence. I was there," she protested, pulling herself out of Harry's arms and up to a sitting position. "There was no evidence at all from the hearing – I should know. Just a very badly-looking set of coincidences and circumstantial evidence!" A long silence began, Hermione sitting, her knees tucked up, scowling at the wall; Harry lying still, thinking. Finally he said, "but there's more, isn't there?" He knew it. Something was playing on her mind. The manic tidying. The over-working of her mind when a peaceful one would seek more peace in sleep. "Non-wizards were killed last week, Harry. Sturgis Podmore too, and some of their own – suspected Conjurists, at least. But..." her voice was hushed as she leaned back towards him in the darkness. "The Hearing said that she had been fighting the conjurists in the guise of a spy and therefore a double agent. But, one of the bodies of the suspected conjurists had upon it a pamphlet. I took it to our department, not telling them anything about it, and they traced the wavepattern of the spell that created it back to Henrietta! Harry, I'm not saying she was a conjurist, or was helping them...but, did she take her role to seriously? You know what she was like..." Indeed, Harry did. Cecilia Lupin had been ostracised because of her, for not a great deal as far as he could see. She was indeed very arrogant. "She could have thought that by going in deep she was playing her part to the best of her talents," Harry replied evenly. "That she would get the best information possible if she was totally convincing." "That's something she would do," Hermione conceded. Silence enveloped them again, as night, and peace descended on their soon-to-be ex- bedroom. It didn't take long for Hermione to drift off in his arms as Harry thought about this. But the peace didn't last long. Hermione, at around midnight, insomnia-ridden and frustrated by her inability to find peace descended the stairs, made herself a cup of tea and sat in the darkness in the living room. The embers of the fire into which Harry had made his literary sacrifice glowed dully in the hearth as the embers ebbed their heat. She didn't know what to do about what she had found out. She knew what she should do, and as her role in the European Ministry would now encompass the Hearing and trial of the accused Conjurists. But, there seemed to be something more, like a weak echo in her mind trying to shout at her not to do it, to keep silent for a while. Not for too long, she knew, for a record of her analysis request would be logged and audited, and could potentially be called upon to explain her motives. As a routine analysis, this would probably wash. But as it had been that of Henrietta that the analysis had revealed, she was duty bound to report it. So that's what I'll do, thought Hermione, peace at last filling her mind. As she got up to go, and having taken a few steps towards the kichen, behind her the fireplace flashed. A message. Quickly, Hermione retrieved it, her stomach sinking as she read its content. Start tomorrow? Investigate for the prosecution the case against Sam Potter? Extenuating circumstances, surely? She could claim she was soon to be his sister-in-law? Her mind raced as she read over the instructions again, before another blow of realisation hit her stomach. How would she break it to Harry? Especially as she had received an Of Age birthday invitation from her soon-to-be mother-in-law for Sam. She looked down at the words again. Even in the glow of the now-yellow artifical flames licking around the pseudo-coal moulded into the ancient gas fire they were as clear as they had been on first reading. Sleep came knocking before her mind could think any more and Hermione, drowsy and with a clouding head, pondered vaguely what to do. She didn't hear the tintinabulation that was occurring in the cupboard under the stairs.
He was glad that Julian was better. As the darkness of the early evening stole away the weak afternoon light candles flickered into life by themselves around the arithmancy classroom. Rufus Lestrange, doodling on his parchment as Professor Crowfoot wrote out the Fibonnaci Series and the Viking runic numerals, drawing lines between the two, looked up briefly, catching Septimus's eye for a moment, then looked back down. Crowfoot then wrote out the runes, telling the class his interpretation of each, before pausing, his gimlet-eyes noticing Rufus's absorbtion of a point that he made. He coughed, clearing his throat before wrinkling his nose under his glasses before pushing them up his nose with his wrist. Septimus had lost track of the point that the stern Scottish professor was trying to make about the numbers. But he knew that Professor Crowfoot knew that Rufus Lestrange was not only listening to every word but analysing it and processing it at speed, in the same way he did with conversations amongst people when he listened to his Portable Pensieve, a device now not only banned at Hedgewards following last Saturday's dramatic incident at the Lower Hunt part of the Halloween Games. Septimus noticed the Professor twitch a little too as Rufus paused in his writing, writing which seemed to be, to Septimus sitting a table-width away from his friend, entirely unconnected to anything the Professor was saying. But it would turn out to be something entirely relevant, and something which he knew that Rufus, generous with his time and patience with his friends, would explain to them later. The twitch, Septimus knew, was an unconcious tic that indicated the Professor was under pressure from the boy whom he knew may ask him a difficult question, one which needed to have a thorough explanation to hand to satisfy him, lest he lose face before the rest of the students, who would be, should Rufus be asking, listening intently to every word. "At least he's not wandering about humming," whispered Julian, grinning as he tugged Septimus's robe, who turned a little to acknowledge he'd heard, shooting his eyes back to the Professor, who could detect lack of focus on his lessons easier than bats using echolocation. Perhaps he had been thown a little by Rufus, but Crowfoot had seemed not to have noticed, for he had not boomed their surnames loudly, in his Aberdonian burr, provoking them to silence by dry-wittedly enquiring what inane activity had caused them to be more interested in it than him. It was good to have Julian, Septimus thought again. That week had been difficult, and there had been a moment, when the parents had slept overnight on the Saturday, and the non-wizards had left on the Sunday, the Halloween Games being brought to a premature close, that his friend would be going too. But he and Jason Crudglington, the older Gryffindor student who had stood up for them against Blewiit and Stone before the Lower Hunt had begun, had remained at the house's table. He had nudged Septimus as the students had been ushered to their early dormitories that evening, declaring loudly, or as loudly as had been needed so the latter two students from Slytherin had heard, that it told them something if it had been non-wizards from Gryffindor who had remained, about the nature of the students of the house, and went on to tell Septimus that he had taken up Madam Lestrange's offer of developing Quibball at Hedgewards alongside Quidditch, giving more students the opportunity to play, and even for wizards to participate in football skills, something which Darren Black had been very excited to hear. Septimus glanced over to Darren who was, as usual, bent over his work. He knew his friend found academic work in school a chore, and rarely burdened him with offers to collaborate on homework or independent study. But he was also glad to be his friend too, the four of them together, working so hard as they had done last Saturday. Despite everything the evening had became Septimus was proud of their performance as a team, a group of friends. Despite the uncertanties of his family, his mother working away, Uncle Kay aloof but omnipotent and his father desperately ill, he felt he had fitted in well with them all, and they with him, and each other. They could accommodate differences, wordlessly help and generally have a good laugh togther. He was lucky to have his friends. And the week at school had passed almost as any other since September – work in lessons, Quidditch to watch or, if you were lucky, to play with now a group growing almost daily to meet with Jason Crudglington for Quibball. They had walked the grounds to the quidditch pitch the day before, their friendship no worse for wear in light of the previous weekend, and then on to the owlery to reward Dorielle with a couple of mice that Rufus had retrieved live from the mouse traps in the greenhouses, taking bets on which would be eaten first. They had also had no bumpings into from Fraser Blewitt or his friends. Uncannily normal, or as normal as a week at a wizarding school could be, of course, it had seemed as if their lives at school had been parted last week at the Halloween Games but parted like water in a bowl, only to rejoin seamlessly once the disturbance had been eliminated. "...number twenty one which, as you can no doubt see - " And it wasn't as if the other students wouldn't be returning. The headmaster had allowed Uncle Kay to explain that the non-wizards were seeking respite and complementary learning in non-wizard schools before then. "...the futhark, almost entirely absent in Danish, as is the number fifty five..." However if, as the Daily Prophet had suggested – and it had been suggested with an illicit part-copy carefully hidden behind a loose brick in the Gryffindor common-room's fireplace that had entered the school via Seamus Finnigan's parcel from home (which could have been mistaken for a Red Cross Emergency parcel and had taken seven owls to reach the school) - there were distinct wizard and non-wizard communities beginning to develop in the country. The newspaper had, in large, bold words, that facilities were being opened especially for them and though Septimus had only caught a glimpse of the newspaper it had occurred to him a question of how it could be that while they had been togther and would be reunited at Hedgewards, outside the school they were being taken apart. Who was right? Uncle Kay, whose speech had given Septimus hope that he would see Gordy Springs and Alan Mapp again, or the newspaper, which claimed that there had been attacks on non-wizards the night of the enactment of the Protection spell and division had slowly begun to happen While he loved his uncle maybe if he was a little more like how Rufus's mum was for sport, he might get what he wanted, passionate to the point of bonkers, rather than Caelius's hard-nosed cool-headedness. But then, when he had ever known Uncle Kay not get what he wanted? Watching as the whole of the alphabet and arithmancical proof was explained, as Professor Crowfoot revealed the final explanation that linked the Viking alphabet and the Fibonacci sequence he smiled a little – Rufus had his feet up on the desk, his eyes closed. He was swaying and seemed to be muttering something, but without making a sound. The sight was not challenged by the Professor as he swiped his hand though the air, an act which brought the quills of his students to a pause, vertically above their papers. Whatever the reason, thought Septimus as he siezed his parchment (rather lacking of jottings which might have been of some use) it shouldn't concern him, and he resolved to put it out of his mind for the rest of the weekend, focus on the next day - Bonfire Night had he been back at Dalton Drive and with his family – instead he had his opportunity to see his father and, Snape had promised, something else worth seeing. Well, if it was for his Dad and would help him feel better, Septimus concluded, as the friends all piled out of their last lesson of the week, falling easily in step beside one another as they made their way to the dining hall, that was all he cared about. 88888888 A few hours after Septimus had eaten his meal, thinking about the Floo from his mother with Severus Snape the weeks before (before wondering whether it would be very long until he saw her again and he could tell her about what Snape would be telling him – for it surely must be something for the better) Cecilia was also thinking of the Floo, and of Septimus, but for an almost entirely different reason. That she had not been able to get hold of Severus Snape at the start of the week had been a little annoying: now, it was downright frustrating. Her work here, however incongruous and scattered, often could be threaded together easily when the headmaster of Hedgewards handed her the threaded needle and explained the pattern. A stitching expert, that was whom she wanted to talk about, in order to gather and make sense of the patches of logic and reason, someone who could hand her the scissors too, to lop off any un-necessary loose ends. Cecilia tried again with the fireplace, one of the few magical spells that she had managed in the past. However all that happened was, as had been for the entire week, a couple of sparks, a little glow, then nothing. She let out a frustrated sigh as she lapped her room again. Having avoided lessons for the last few days Cecilia had concentrated on her own hypothesis, in the hope that more connections could be found and she had found it so distracting that she considered Durmstrang students would not appreciate – nor less deserve – only half a member of staff present in front of them, while the other half of her mind would have been meandering, flowing, cascading, torrenting with the force of her thoughts. A bad move, which she had neatly avoided. But she could not avoid it forever. If Snape could not be contacted then she would have to risk, Cecilia reasoned, an Owl, whatever the dangers, to at least tell him she needed to speak to him. No. She couldn't do that. It really would cause several problems and possibly would put a lot of people to a good deal of trouble. On the other hand, Cecilia had potentially the biggest development that has ever happened over a week, one that could mean Remus had his potion made quickly indeed. She could see her beloved husband well again, and tthey could figure out their future together...together. Only... Cecilia closed her eyes again in the heavy-coldness that was her room, her hands outstretched towards the fireplace. Nothing. Dammit! Was she not doing it correctly? Her Petunia-made cardigan wrapped around her, she kept her eyes closed, trying to feel the magic that was not giving the desired effect. Inside her mind the words burned hot, in contrast to the dead-stone fireplace in which she could conjure...nothing. Serendipitous had been Halloween Day at Durmstrang. A holiday day off had been granted the children at Durmstrang, and they got to choose what they wanted to do. Too many of them, Cecilia had noticed, had chosen to work, but some of them had chosen Quidditch, and an uncharacteristic, organically-evolving game had materialised, where those who wanted to play had had a fly around over the ocean and an ad-hoc tournament had been arranged. In contrast, Cecilia had chosen to remain in her classroom under the pretext that she could be called upon should she need to be for those students who had chosen to self-study, in case they needed her help with their work. Work. How badly did she need Severus now! Cecilia remembered a time she was at Hogwarts...Hedgwards, sh corrected herself. That she could share academically with Snape and it had been mutual professionalism. A partnership of, if not equals, a melding of equivalences. It was knowing that she could speak to him of her research now that kept her going and was giving her frustration at the lack of Floo contact in equal measure. Which had now resulted in her mind racing, racing so much that she was fit to burst. She had so many questions, questions with few answers and had made little headway. The Halloween celebrations there at Durmstrang had involved the quidditch tournament, which that year had happened by accident, rather than design and by the late afternoon nearly all of the Durmstrang students were lining the dangerous precipices to watch the final of the impromptu tournament. Cecilia had gone, reluctantly, at Ragnhild's invitation, her mind deeply in her work, and had left before it had ended. Paying lip-service to lessons that week, she had closed her door and worked, ideas flying, connections made and re-made as others were broken, and Cecilia had yearned for the easy time, eight years before, where she had such easy access to a colleague, close enough to confide in with suppositions, wild hypotheses and conjectures, met with ease by outlandish inferences and brilliant insights from Severus Snape. It wasn't exactly the same, Cecilia had reasoned that week, and she had got by knowing that she would be able to speak to Snape "soon", however, as the week had passed and Cecilia had not been able to contact him through the connection set up by Regulus Black, the genius employee of the Floo network, not able to communicate at all had become increasingly frustrating. Now, a five days after Halloween, she urged the floo to life again, to both Petunia and Severus, without success. Not even a measly spark. Exclaiming curses - under her breath this time so as not to draw attention from Ragnhild, as the previous night's tirade at the fireplace had produced, disturbing the witch from her chutney- and jam-making hobby, an extension from her strange compulsion of winter storage of food that was in her culture and nature as an Icelander - Cecilia got up from her crouched position and, stretching out her legs, made her way to her desk, wondering what to do next. Or rather, whether she would carry out the plan that had long since formed in the back of her mind. Rooting through the centuries-old drawer, absently acknowledging again the fine dovetail joinery of it, Cecilia's hand rested on the pile of parchment. She would have to do this, if it was just to get it off her mind, to release the burden and to also ensure she would not forget anything when she finally did speak to Snape. So therefore, Cecilia comforted herself, it wasn't an Owl per se; not one written with the experess intention to actually be sent. More, it was a research chapter, to be relayed at a date in the future, one not so very far into the future, Cecilia insisted fervently to the not-yet-occured future. The shadows played on the wall as she searched the long, middle drawer before her for a suitable quill and ink, but Cecilia did not notice them now. Her mind was switching to analysis, connection, conjecture and justification as she pondered where to begin what she was about to write. From where she had left off from with Severus, Cecilia self-instructed as she began to open the bottle of indigo ink. From her supposition a silver compound would restrict the spreading of the vampiric vector around Remus's body, and thereby inhibiting its metabolism and consequently its propagation and explansion to all cells of his body. Scrabbling her hand towards the paper, she pulled at the red-and-white twine which held the sheaves securely, only to clumsily toss them towards the back of the desktop. "For Bloody God's Bloody SAKE!" Cecilia then screamed, as the ink bottle left her hand, skittering along the hard flagstones for a moment before smashing into a sticky mess. "God Almighty!" she added for punctuation as her eyes watched the ink disperse in oily rivulets as she pushed back her chair with haste, to make sure the treacherous stain didn't get all over her shoes. "Scourgify!" From the doorway, alerted to her room again because of Cecilia's profanities, Ragnhild stood, her arm elegantly outstretched so as to delete her mistake. Cecilia's face crumpled, shame now at not only he own clumsiness but her inability to contain her own frustration. Ragnhild stepped towards her, the witch's long limbs striding with ease over the flagstones before stopping a little before Cecilia, straining low to see her face. "Why don't you leave your work for a little while, Sissee? It's Friday night, after all. Perhaps you could do with a break? I think you maybe you are working too hard. Why don't you come down to my classroom and we can have coffee or a tea?" Cecilia felt herself sigh, her frustration leaving her body with her breath. She glanced at Ragnhild momentarily before staring at the parchments, still imprisoned in their bindings, accusing them of betrayal at their reluctance to come apart for her use, and blaming the inanimate once-trees for her clumsiness with the ink. "I've got too much to do, Ragnhild!" protested Cecilia as she glared at the floor where the ink had once been. "I've got...too much!" she added, a look of helpless desperation crossing her features. "...all this work..." she moved her hand in an arc at the table. "Can't use the - " Cecilia stopped. She hadn't told Ragnhild about the Floo. But perhaps... "Ragnhild, " Cecilia began again, this time her voice far more controlled and measured; her tone friendly. "I'd be really pleased to have a tea," she admitted. "But, do you think you could try something for me first?" A few moments later, a confidence shared, but with the same lack of success, Cecilia took her leave of her bedroom and followed Ragnhild down the helical staircase that connected the castle's many floors. A few minutes after that and a hot cup of tea – black as the witch knew she took it – was in Cecilia Lupin's hand, the warmth of the steam a comfort on her face as it rapidly cooled down. "I am impressed with your demonstration of magic." Ragnhild spoke softly, commenting on Cecilia's application of magic to her own bedroom fireplace. "It would seem, Redhead, that you do possess magical tendencies after all, and you are in an environment so magically inclined that it would be almost impossible not to show it!" Cecilia smiled. Ragnhild's research involved the hypothesis that genetically people who were redheaded were sensitive to light, heat, sound, and susceptible to the influence of magic far more readily than non-redheads. However her research was a work in progress and would be unlikely to be published because working at Durmstrang was in itself both prison and a protection to Ragnhild of the burden of truthtelling, which was overwhelming to her in even groups of half a dozen people at a time. "I'm not sure my work can help you," Ragnhild went on, her white-blonde hair shimmering in the candlelight behind her. "However, could you not alert your colleague? We are supposed to be sharing our reseach, are we not Mrs Lupin? It could not be seen as anything other than you following the instruction from the European Ministry." "I don't dare risk it," Cecilia replied, the steam from her tea curling away from the cup as she sipped, enjoying the comfort it was bringing. "Are there no others with whom you could speak? Myself? I am not well versed in science, however. Lindvald Halen? May he'd be of some use?" "I need to do this myself, Ragnhild," Cecilia replied quickly, almost too quickly at the woman's suggestion as uneasy, indeterminable feelings stole over her mind as it pictured Lind Halen. She had avoided him at the quidditch tournament on Halloween night when she had noticed that he had seen her and was making his way over to her and she had resisted eye contact when the staff had been summnoned, on 1st November, to a meeting detailing the curriculum for the students over the next two months. Collaboration and co-operation had been the theme of the speech made by the headmaster, Wolfgang Broeck, but Cecilia could tell from the tone of the wizard's voice that he didn't expect the staff to pay it much more attention than just lip-service. He had then gone on to address the students, telling them that now it was a new season the application process for a position of internship at the European Ministry was open, that there were three places available, one from each magical school and he had been met with a barrage of protest at the change in allocation – usually it was the three highest-scoring students regardless of school, and that it wasn't fair as other schools had less ability... And this is the only reason you avoid Lindvald Halen? The question appeared in her mind, spoken in Ragnhild's voice. The witch smiled. "It is the only way I can think of it, Ragnhild," Cecilia replied, cautiously. "My life is confusing at the best of times." "Thus is the way of the world," she replied, pouring more tea as Cecilia replaced her cup on the patterned, ceramic tray on which the cups and teapot stood on Ragnhild's teaching desk, "– the land with no magic, the physical magic – and us, superior in talent, skill and intellect - all must be represented by Europe. You accept this view of Britain, don't you?" "It is but one view, yes," nodded Cecilia. That wasn't exactly what she was thinking and feeling, she added to herself. "But what you are feeling is natural, you must let it in, let it run its course for its own sake. Turn to it, Cecilia, not away, it will make it easier for you, in the long run." Suddenly, awkwardly, Cecilia pushed back her chair, and stood up, pulling her cardigan close to her, guilt overwhelming her as unwanted thoughts bubbled to the surface of her mind like a kettle boiling. Of Lind, of the briefest of touches of hand as he had said, "Hello" as they had both appeared one evening, a couple of weeks before to watch the students training. She had been polite and dismissive, and Lind had been engulfed by students, who had noticed he was nearby and taken the opportunity to talk to him about his physical magic research. "You make yourself feel bad for nothing, Sissee. Do your best by using your energy for what is needed, rather than resisting things you believe are...not as they should be..." Cecilia looked up, her mind replaying several events in the recent Lindvald-related past which also further stoked the guilt she was experiencing. Ragnhild was right – she had to be. She told the truth, the whole truth, raw and unrefined. It was like denying the sunrise, or disbelieving in the existence of gravity. Both were physical events and would occur nevertheless, regardless of whether people believed that they would happen. And yet... ...under normal circumstances a work colleague touching her hand, whether accidental or not, would not bother her. So why was this becoming something which was regularly on her mind? Why was Lindvald Halen's presence a bother to her? "You give yourself too hard a time over Remus," her friend went on, "what happened to him was not your fault," she added, this time Cecilia noticed a guarded tone in her voice. She chose to end the conversation rather than attempt to pursue it. The woman had enough to deal with, ekeing out her research so she could remain away from society; little if any contact with students. And too much hoarding to keep her long drinking tea with Cecilia. Come to that, so had she, too. As she ascended the stairs, turning right along the corridor and immediately left into her bedroom, Cecilia reflected on what her friend had said. Maybe Ragnhild was right, maybe she should embrace all her experiences here. Maybe they would enrich what she was doing. But she could not face the fear of lack of security, for Remus's sake, and for her being at Durmstrang. And if it made her feel more comfotable ignoring Lindvald Halen's genius – despite having watched him teach to an awe-inspired classroom of students on a couple of occasions that week when she'd been trying to pace out her thoughts. Perhaps ignoring him was what she was supposed to be doing. She couldn't imagine approaching him and initiating research discussions... Focus. She was now sitting back at her desk, where she had been an hour ago, parchments still bound with twine, but a fresh bottle of ink in her hand courtesy of her friend. What was she to write? How detailed? And how could she ensure it would reach Caelius, or better yet, Severus? Because, despite everything, time was everything. Seconds were severed from hours as she worked, and as those seconds elapsed vampirism was, iota-by-iota, nanometre-by-nanometre, light-second-by-light-second consuming him. And that was the tortuous thing right at this moment, that the road to progress for him was barred by a lack of ability to get in contact with Snape. Owl it would be, and damned the risk. Focus. Staring at the parchment again, she pushed the ink-bottle back into the centre desk drawer before picking up the bundle and prising apart the knot. Then, taking up the ink and quill, Cecilia twisted the cap anti-clockwise and stared into the almost-blackness of the pigment. Where to start? Assume nothing, her inner teacher-lecturer told her. Pretend they know nothing. That's all very well, Peter Galway, she told herself, t'sking the inner voice that had manifested itself in the form the lecturer who had trained her to teach. But you have to assume some things, for instance. A basic understanding of English. Ability to handle number and the concept of ratios. Stemming the flow of an internal argument, Cecilia closeed her eyes, focusing her mind on the job that was in hand. Where should we start, she asked an equally loquatious inner critic. Most people knew of magic. Most people knew about wizarding and non-wizarding genetics, in the very basic sense of inherited characteristics, and the Universal Link which again, in general, they knew because it was a connection between both populations. So...there to start... Closing her eyes again, she took herself on a journey quill in hand, visualising what she needed to include. There. Opening them, she immersed the nib in the ink... 88888888 The parchment that, after several hours, had now been constructed was held carefully in the unsteady hand of its maker. Cecilia read through her creation, her hand quaking a little. Snape needed to have this, her ideas, her dialogue, and the strain of longing that it would be so pulled in her stomach. She had begun the discussion with plants and what makes them magical. What conjurists called Auld Magic was the magic of the earth, that which living things all possessed, that made them living. But really, all features in that living thing was subject to adaptation, via a Darwinistic mechanism. ...here Cecilia had thought, for the first time in a long time about the Old Place, where she had come from to here had been a change of sorts, a change in an event in the past, and had resulted in her being in a different reality. She had stopped writing as she had thought this, she remembered, but chose not to include it in her writing, should it ever fall into the wrong hands... The energy the plants received, through photosynthesis, which was used for growth, was stored cellularly, in the of chemical "Adenosine Triphosphate" in the mitochondia. Any secondary school student of biology could tell you that, and could also probably describe easily the second thing about which Cecilia had written, that the mitochondria were shaped slightly differently to other cell components, so that ATP could be easily converted to ADP and as such, release energy. The first adaptation in plants and something that was an advantage to the plant. The more efficiently it could process energy, the bigger its descendents could grow. Plants. Why did it always come back to plants? Cecilia smiled to herself as she acknowledged the humble plant's supremacy over adaptation and variation throughout the world. Given enough time, plants would adapt themselves to overcome every problem. Compared to the sloth-like animals of the world, plants were the greyhounds, fast out of the blocks, the racehorses to the old nags. Boring as they might be, plants ruled OK. She read on, wondering as to Snape's thoughts on the matter... ...present in the cytoplasm and nucleoplasm of every cell, and essentially all the physiological mechanisms that require energy for operation obtain it directly from the stored in the ATP. As food in the cells is gradually oxidized, the released energy is used to re-form the ATP so that the cell always maintains a supply of this essential molecule... And now to reiterate Snape's own discovery, though a discussion of the emphasis on the biochemistry in the process, rather than the chemical composition, the latter being the Professor's focus. Here, that is... ...and for the second time in half an hour, Cecilia realised, at the back of her mind, she had dwelt on the Other Place, somewhere she had long since arrived from, and which hadn't crossed her mind for months... ...Werewolves. For humans, and werewolves in particular, for conversion of energy to take place in the body's cells water was needed. However, the extent to which energy could move through the werewolf's body depended on the moon. When the moon was full, tides were at their most extreme and the parasite causing the effects of lycanthropy to occur in the body did so, changing the host and allowing them to metamorph into a beast that would be in a position to attack other humans, and therefore transmit the parasite. At a lunar eclipse, this effect was made worse. Much worse. For the adaptation of the parasite did not consider the host's point of view that extreme pull on the water in each of the body's tiny cells at once would cause the most extreme pain, even death. That was a better outcome than never breeding and living in a new host. Victim, Cecilia mused, as she looked at the curled writing of her hand at her words. And again, straightforward evolutionary biology and strangeley – Cecilia's eyes darted suddenly from her hand to her bed, or what was underneath her bed – Harry's potion, that which the Snape here developed for the Harry there – accommodated energy changes in the same way: the werewolf potion concentrates up and stripped water from the cells, allowing the parasite to move from cell to cell. Using silver nirate, a hygroscopic substance, stabilises the effect of water fluctuations on cells, where parasite usually remains dormant. The parasite cannot induce reproducion and werewolves' transformations ceased. Incidentally, this happened naturally with the aconite plant, where the distribution of the plant's seeds happened by a person infected by the werewolf parasite, should they feel the symptoms coming on, could chew on these, in the wild. This had a similar, if lesser, effect on the werewolf, but did go some way to temper the symptoms. This resulted in a now only slightly deranged, less hairy creature roaming around a forest all night and looking for a place for nature to take its course and the aconite seeds being deposited in a new environment. Nature, and co-dependency of species. So why, WHY, had she not got to the bottom of this for vampires? How did the natural world help them, apart from the naturally grown wood that could be ingeniously shaped into a large point by an naturally-occurring angry mob, and the naturally-occurring sunlight causing instant death on sight? This is where Cecilia had stopped, in the comparison and common features of the two potions she knew worked by manipulating cellular energy. Still staring at the box under her bed, she went to put it away. Snape needed to have it, as soon as he possibly could. For now, it could remain there, next to the base and match for Harry, which represented her only symbol that Snape was as dedicated to the same cause as she was. Throwing herself on her bed, still wrapped in her clothes and pulling the bedding around her, Cecilia closed her eyes again. The dark reddish match potion that was part of the pair had twinkled in the low candle-light as she had found space for the parchment. Oh, Harry. If one little part of her could wish, she would wish to see if the potion would actually have worked for him. Theoretically, it should have worked like this: the base stabilising the ATP in the cells and concentrating up the potential energy release; the match starting the release of energy. At that point, the consumption of thte match potion, would be when the spell "Avada Kedavra" should have been cast, in the presence of all of the horcruxes. Cecilia's mind drifted, as she thought about this, something which, after all this time, and all her thoughts dedicated to the matter, she had never considered. Was this is why it hadn't worked before? She opened her eyes, and stared into the blackness. Could it have worked? If all of the Horcruxes had been together? That the transfer of energy in the spell had to be attuned, so to speak, to the wavelength of the Horcruxes together? In her mind, Cecilia visualised an old-fashioned television set, such as the one her mother had had at home. By moving the aerial, a better picture could be created. But, if there was bad weather, the radio wave transmission were distrupted, and the picture unclear. And this was how Auld Magic works... Cecilia could feel her pulse racing at the thought, at the work of Lindvald Halen, and the invocation of the motto "in the blood"... ...she was on her feet now, pacing... ...every cell in the body had the potential for magic, even non-wizards like herself, because magic could be induced to occur... ...and a certain wavelength at a certain frequncy of wave could on one level or another, make those gifted in using magic perform spells. As an automatic response to training wizards can turn off or turn on the ATP/ADP switch. Curor in Potenta. No power without blood. It was what Marsden and Lully, and what de Brogli and Oswald T Avery had discovered in the Old Place at the time when metabolic processes in cells was being discovered, and when the nucleuses of atoms were giving up their secrets. They never had the chance to bring this together with magic. Here... ...and she knew she was right, but she couldn't believe the extra step hadnt been taken in connecting both of these ideas. How she wanted Snape now! How she needed to speak to him about this! And...more and more suppositions were pinging into her mind like popcorn cooking in a pan and she stopped pacing, and made for the box under her bed again. There was a continuum, there was late onset magic, some of it very powerful, where the ATP to ADP conversion was very easy. You could choose, if you were a non-wizard in a magical environment, and wizards' powers often faded in a non-magical one if they didn't make a concerted effort to exercise their abilities. And then there are those people with hunches and gut feelings – this is magic on a nanoscale. Yes, everyone has gut feelings, but only a few get them right each time, despite prevailing opinion to the contrary. For Harry back there, had Lily's DNA been needed? Maybe to get the initial batch right, or the base. But for the match...she had been up to no. 30. If she had stayed there longer, had considered the chemical interaction that took place in cells that allowed magic to be metabolised... The words flowed from her quill as she scored the words into the page, such was her nervous excitement of a new line of grabbed it out of the box and sat on the cold floor to write. Once inscribed, she lowered it, as the leaden feeling of dread entered her stomach, not stopping at her intestines and carried on down her legs and to her feet. How could she ever overlay her knowledge of vampirism with these hypotheses? The changes in Remus seemed counter to these two potions efficacies – instead of speeding up or slowing down these processes, something seemed to attack the DNA of the...creature...the person, and permanently change them, leaving them in permanent need of replenishment. For vampire victims, or vampires-in-waiting, as Ragnhild had once pithily called them, the change in the mitocondria was such that removing the phosphate group did nothing for the ATP and it could change at will to ADP. This was why sunlight killed them – an overdose of energy literally ripping their body cells apart. And why they needed blood – a high concentation of red blood cells which in turn contained iron which could then stabilise the process temporarily. Thus, to bite and suck was the physical reaction to their bodily process and the parasite similar to malaria, similar to lycanthropy passed onto the victim. Heart thumping, Cecilia closed her eyes again. She could not be sure...she needed to speak to Snape. Just because there were similarities to lycanthropy she could not assume the pathway to a cure would be the same. Her stomach lurched and Cecilia felt slight involuntary shaking in her legs as her brain leapt over the it amalgamated the information coming through it so rapidly. That lunar caustic -silver nitrate -, was hygroscopic, taking in water and forcing cells to yield the ADP state from ATP energy flowed and paraste caused changes in the proteins in the DNA, hence a change in appearance for werewolves. This happened only in wizards, whose ATP could cope. But for vampires...for as many similarities there were differences and...and... ...and...like Harry's potion... ...like Harry's potion...there needed a base AND a match, the base changing and holding the change of conditions for the cell, like a vice, until an attack could be made using the match. The time at which the match potion was taken would be crucial, and... ...and... ...Cecilia sank to the floor as the weight of her thoughts coursed though the whole of her body... ...and the reason you need to stabilise the base with the match was because the base would hold the ATP constant, to concentate the feedback mechanism in homeostasis in wizard body, therefore controlling the flow rate of the energy...both potions needed to be specific to the wizard's natural energy levels, and to the envronment in which the potions were to be taken... ...therefore adding the right match at the right time would cause an increase in energy, the parasite would be killed but also... ...also... ...irrevocably changing the vampire-infected wizard. She had done it. She had done it! Blinking vacuously, she ran through the process that had just occurred in her mind. Hadn't she? It was a hypothesis, nothing more. But better than she had ever got before. Adrenaline was now beginning to make her heart pump faster; it beat in her chest and she could feel it in her ears. Because of this, there might be a knock-on effect. Some of the student wizards at Hedgewards, may therefore become ill, or die; some may...adapt, and be able to do magic. Like she had done! She got to her feet, quill abandoned, half way through writing down all she had been thinking, her hand giving up trying to co-ordinate with her racing mind. Could it be true that none of this had been considered before? It was true, according to Snape, or at least the last time she had spoken to him. For all she knew, he had also made progress. It made sense from so many points of view, and answered a lot of things that Auld Magic had borne from historical and social evidence. Making herself think about this again, Cecilia took up the quill again and continued to note down her thoughts to the end. This time she did not return it to the box. Instead, she folded it, and held it in her hand, wondering what to do next. But the worm of doubt had already begun to burrow; she couldn't be sure...she needed Severus to know, for him to attempt to prove her wrong, to pick and pull at all of the oversights, for she was sure there would be some; for him to criticise and for her to rething, all part of verifying the hypothesis, to make it a sound platform for the potion. Lindvald Halen's face flashed through her mind. That was another thing. Her gut told her that that wizard would be, should be the last person to talk to. And yet...there was something about him, his character, his presence. No. She must not. Ragnhild? She could speak to her, Cecilia thought, but instantly dismissed that. The witch was not fully aware of all of the circumstances of Remus's condition; she had little experience in potion-making. And she had told her to give in to her instincts... Getting unsteadily to her feet and moving towards the fireplace again Cecilia focused her energies on the hearth. Severus Snape, I need you. Nothing. Well, there was nothing for her to do but to keep her head. She mustn't get too far ahead of herself, or else she would end up in knots, or going off her trolley. Cecilia knew that someone at Hedgewards, or with the Ministry, or even with Reciprocators – ha! She sat back, the cold, hard slabs beneath her, and the parchment in her hands. For the first time in a long time an unfamiliar feeling crept over her. Cecilia smiled as she recognised the spark of hope, of a future in which she could be a part; of a purpose. She may have done the impossible for her husband and, true, at the moment, she could not get it to the wizard who needed it. Yet. It was only a yet. Severus would have these concepts and the work could start anew. Then a thought occurred to her. Caelius. Did he know? Is that was behind his non-wizards to Hedgewads experiment? Oh...the unanswered questions...the possibilities... Her mind focused on Snape again. How lucky she was that he'd done what she'd asked; how priviledged. Harry's potion was the most valuable thing she owned here, not intrinsically, of course, but what it represented. The only way Harry's base and match potions could be tested to verify its efficacy was to make it here, without the background influence of Harry, and Voldemort's choice of him, not Neville Longbottom as being the baby prophesised as being his downfall. With that eliminated, made it comparable. Not that it mattered any more; more had been gained from the pursuit of the answer rather than its outcome. What Severus had accounted for in the potion vials here accounted for the effect of Auld Magic afforded to Harry back there as his mother. A much simpler method achieved here, as Cecilia had always suspected it would be, as here the Universal Link, was established and underlay the principles of spells and magic here. A cognitive task which had helped to keep her mind exercised. And yet...here, where it mattered little, it was still on her mind. Her original theory as told to Severus Snape back there still seemed to make sense here, that the nature of the Auld Magic that Lily Potter inadvertently used acted like a shield to Harry, however it was powerful enough to break through in parts, doing what Voldemort never planned, which was to create a horcrux, the remainder of the Avada Kedavra spell reflecting from the shield-spell's surface and hitting him. Not killed by the killing curse and coupled with his addiction to Unicorn blood had kept him barely alive for so long, supported by his followers, but as close to death as anyone can be with their soul protected in other objects and living beings. Cecilia closed her eyes. Don't punish yourself for thinking of the other place, she told herself kindly. Perhaps that's what Ragnhild meant. Perhaps it really is meant to be that her learning there would help the problems in this place. Soon she would be out of it. The important thing now was to get it to Severus and see his take on it, to make progress. She did not know quite how she had done it, but the words of her thoughts had covered several dozen parchmnts. It was a thought-experiment nonetheless, and no less impressive for being theoretical - Snape would be the one to apply her hypotheses experimentally and while her body itched in desperation to get it to him, with the greatest display of will, in the knowledge that if she rushed revealing this, all may be lost. As with a wallet of money burning a hole in one's pocket she wrapped up the parchments carefully and, under her bed in the box containing Harry's potion, placed the precious work alongside. One thing was for sure, she had done all she could now. Caelius would have no choice but to honour his promise. She would be going home. 88888888 The clouds undulated and fought with one another, baying and rolling around as Tabitha Penwright fought to dominate the nebulous surface on which she stood. Unexpected though it was in some sense, Tabitha knew that, in an overarching way, this was the starting point. She needed to decide which cloud on which to stand, to avoid the worst of it, and she had almost lost her footing several times as the clouds, like a raging sea, clashed together to the point of being unable to discern one from another. But yet, the ripple that had undulated around here in a place physicists might call the fifth or sixth dimension had not ceased, had not ebbed away as suddenly as ithad begun laving behind a single cloud memory in its wake. Whether or not it was an original one, or a combination of those that had battled, that was not a question which made sense. Tabitha's task now was to find out what it contained. As she jumped to one that was, were she in a place where the usual three dimensions applied, fifty feet from the antisocial one, she glanced to her right, noticing a figure – perhaps the figure she had seen before – heading towards it too. 88888888 As she chanced upon Cecilia's bedroom door several hours later, and what would more technically be correct to call the morning, she noticed a lean figure rotate the handle and press silently against it. As it was the teachers' corridor, the figure must have been a member of teaching staff. Approaching, so she could see inside, quietly making herself Unnoticeable, she saw the wizard glance at the sleeping woman, taking up his wand and pointing it to her temple. A conversation – one with herself and Cecilia appeared in the air between them, and then another, one which she and Cecilia had had a few days before, leafing amongst the memories with his wand like pages in a book. Selecting one, he drew it out at wand-tip, allowing it to play. "He's kind, lovely, like a little brother! He's so young! If I was ever half as good a teacher at his age I would be so pleased." "And still you smile, Cecilia," Ragnhild had observed both in their dialogue and from her position near Cecilia's door she was observing it again. "...Ragnhild, don't tease me," Cecilia had chided. Footsteps. Fast and heavy. A stare in Ragnhild's direction told her Lindvald Halen had not seen her. Instead, a sweep of his chestnut-brown head he turned into the corridor and swept away. It did not matter that she was there, nor whether she witnessed it or not - it would have happened one way or another. But it made her feel better and, at the moment, keeping her sanity while suffering as a Seer of an all too complicated and interesting future which did not look rosy for wizards was the what she needed do.
"You wanted to see me, Headmaster?" A cautious knock preceded a movement of the door ajar, behind which the nervous face of Septimus Lupin. He hadn't been at all well; a bit of a fever and some sleepless nights – where he had slept he had had recurrent dreams of running through the undergrowth and through forests. "Indeed, Septimus." From his desk, at the far end of the Headmaster's office Severus Snape looked up, his gaze channelled down his long nose and directly towards him. "I asked Professor McGonagall to send you up, as a matter of all seriousness. Septimus watched as Professor Snape put down his quill and got to his feet as his stomach sank to his knees. He was for it. They knew he had been out of bed after hours, and probably about the container in his pocket. "Er - " "Your mother, and your father, are who I want to speak to you about." "Yes?" Stomach now in the location of his knees – not yet restored to his chest, however. He would admit to the former and would offer attempts to catch up on schoolwork by going to the library as an excuse. The excitement of a fortnight before, and his feeling of being unwell this week had meant that a couple – well four – assignment deadlines had crept up on him and Monday, being the deadline for them all, meant that he had had to do what he could. So, having been dismissed from the almost empty hospital wing my a perplexed but efficient Madam Pomfrey, who could discern no firm cause for his symptoms, had headed not for his bed as instructed, but to hold a candle high in the library and copy notes out that he could use in his analysis of, "Why goblins aren't altogether evil and why fairies aren't altogether good," set by Professor Sprout, who had been given the extra role of cross-species education for the students. He would not admit to his other reason for being at the library, not the reason, nor the means. Septimus's mind drifted to the box of non-wizard floo powder that his mother had given him to contact her and the fact that, despite considering using it to talk to her – for he was missing her so very much - he actually hadn't tried. But he had been out of bed. "Madam Pomfrey tells me that you are unwell," Snape began, his face stone-like and unreadable. Septimus nodded. "Can you describe the symptoms?" "Itchy," he conceded, looking down. "And hot. Quite sick – I feel like I need to sit down. When I do go to sleep my dreams make me feel sick too – my mind goes tearing around a forest." "Hm," mused Snape, "so – do you think it might have been something to do with the bump on your head from the Games? Or have you felt like this before?" He gestured to a chair near his desk, and Septimus paced over to it, sitting gratefully. "When I've felt tired, I have felt like this. Or, or...when I've missed mum and dad. It can't be just the fall I had. Last time, you gave me a potion." "And did it help?" Septimus nodded. Snape did not reply immediately. Instead, he sat down in his own chair, steepling his fingers thoughtfully. When Septimus thoughts of illicit roamings around the school were defintelty out of the picture, Professor Snape then asked, "Did the worry of your work make you feel worse, and did your work after lights-out make you feel better?" "If you please, sir!" exclaimed Septimus in alarm, his face flushing red in embarrassment, "I am behind. I didn't want to get into more trouble, and we, that is to say Julian and Darren, and sometimes Rufus too, like to go down to the quidditch pitch to watch how Jason Crudglington is coming along with the quibball. I'm sorry for breaking the curfew. Maybe if I'd asked Professor McGonagall..." "Would you have asked Professor McGonagall to use her fireplace as well?" The headmaster's eyes were glinting as he watched Septimus Lupin squirm. "I, er..." "If you will explain yourself, then maybe your punishment will be less severe..." Septimus hung his head in shame. "I just wanted to speak to mum," he sighed, feeling very sorry for his actions. "I didn't actually use the floo powder." "But you did think about it?" Septimus nodded slowly, putting his hand over his trouser pocket, in which still resided the presently-discussed powder. He just wanted to speak to her, and the thoughts he had in his mind since the Halloween Games had meant he had missed her more than usual, even though he knew that, from his promise from his Uncle Kay, his mum would be back once she had finished her work for Dad, and the Universal Connection, which would probably be Christmas. But the settling down of the students, minus several of the non-wizards who had returned home, had allowed the past two weeks to resume work, however he knew that Sam Potter was to be called to give his account of what happened that night, and as such their Head Boy's usual happy, confident sparkle was missing. It had even been his birthday, Darren had told him, and he'd been out with his parents. But, from what Septimus had seen even this had not perked him up, and he – Septimus – might have gone to Sam to talk. He knew what this appearance meant too; Sam, who wanted the internship position so badly at the Ministry, might now lose out. He also, through no fault of his own, admittedly, did not have his Lightningshot, that expensive, unique broomstick that his mother had bought from Diagonalley as a gift for starting school. Despite in no way having been the cause of it being turned into fiery shards of splintered wood from what had appeared to be caused by Sam Potter at the Games, perhaps another reason he had looked so glum – the older boy could hardly bear to look at him when he had been brought with his parents to Septimus's bedside and had apologised, his parents reinforcing this apologetically with vigour. And the deadlines were piling up, not just for first years. Hardly any time was free to think about or play quidditch, or quibball – Rufus's mum's demonstration had been enough to convince the students that it was a good idea and even some of the wizards who were mad for football took the non-flying positions, Crudglington, who had embraced the game wholeheartedly had had many an argument with Madam Hooch, who had been getting a little terse as the newly-formed quibball team vying for pitch-time over quidditch – so even a potentially positive addition from the Games was the talk of the school. As his mind pictured the scene from the Games with the professional footballers booting the ball high to the players on brooms, the whole event, in its entirety came back to him. Then he realised Snape was staring at him. "The Halloween Games showed only a fraction of the capabilities of some wizards, wizards who will stop at nothing to get their point across. Do you know the reason why you cannot contact your mum, Septimus?" "The floo powder doesn't work?" He had suspected that this was probably true; mum said it had been stored at his grandfather's house near Helvellyn, in Cumbria, in a salt-lined box which, she said, would be to keep out the moisture. Since she had given it to him he had not continued the precaution. "Did you try?" Septimus shook his head. Snape nodded his as he took his hands from the table, and got to his feet. "You see, saying you are behind is one thing, it's excusable, and your head of house could negotiate on your behalf for extra time, and you would be expected to use that time in her company, rather than being tempted to wander around the school." "Yes, sir." And what about for trying to use the floo when he clearly shouldn't have been, whilst out of bed when he shouldn't. "Septimus," Snape continued, beginning to pace around at the back of his desk. "Do you know why pensieves are now disallowed at this school?" "Because of communication, Professor. A pensieve was used to transmit a Conjurist message at the Games." "An alleged Conjurist message," Snape added, evenly. "And, what does the copy of the Daily Prophet tell the students in Gryffindor House about the events directly after the attack here?" Septimus swallowed. He was not by nature a liar; however he had been known manipulate the truth by omission. But the headmaster had asked him a direct question and he knew he must answer truthfully. But therein lay the dilemma, one which would truly drop Sean Finnegan into a heap of trouble. "It says that lots of houses had glass broken, and there were threats spoken above the houses." He could feel his heart beating through his shirt, and his robe as he sat there, making a big mental note to himself that he would do his best to make it up to the lad. When Snape did not reply immediately, Septimus pressed, "Is that what happened, Professor?" "Indeed it did, " confirmed Snape, then commanded Septimus to turn out his pockets which, after his start at the change in Snape's manner, he obeyed, the tin containing the green floo powder was duly presented. "You know why pensieves are banned. So can you not also think why the floo communication network is also restricted? Should any messages, however innocent, be transmitted, this may prove a way in for those wizards who oppose justice, who seek out any means to disupt the legal and moral running of this school, and of this country." Taking up the floo powder, Septimus was relieved to see that, rather than destroying the tin, Snape pulled open his desk drawer and tossed it in. Then, he leaned on the back of the chair and towards the boy. "We are isolated here, in the north, Septimus. That was what the founders of the school had in mind, so that students could be made free of distraction and allow them to focus on their academic work and magical skills and abilities. As such, we are in a bubble and we do not see the feverish, frantic work that our government and our skilled wizards, as reciprocators, or the non-wizard police and security forces are doing, collecting evidence for a fair trial and an inquest into both the civil unrest all over the country as well as a fair hearing for the suspects, and for Sam Potter, too." Turning, Snape pulled his fingers through his long black hair, his manner as cold as ever. But this time, there was something odd about the headmaster's tone, thought Septimus, as he tried to work out what it was as he watched him pace up and down behind his desk. "Quite frankly, the feint that was carried out two weeks ago here – at least your Uncle Kay believes it to be subterfuge – showed that as much as Hedgewards is isolated we are very much part of this country and the world beyond its Edgestones. But to preserve ourselves we must regroup, and that means security in our hearths as well as beyond our walls. That means that we allow ourselves to heal as a community – a community including the non-wizards, who returned after the feast and will, should they wish to, return to Hedgewards. "The chimneys are all barred, Septimus, as a device for communication, and for those attempting to do so, the punishment is severe." "It is?" Septimus now felt panic overtake him. Whatever it was, the punishment for this was going to be big, uncomfortable, and would involve him losing privileges. "Sir, I am truly sorry," Septimus began, but instead of being allowed to finish, Snape waved his hand towards him, indicated he hadn't finished. "I was wrong in saying all of the chimneys at Hedgewards are barred, for there is one which never is, one which I was fortunate to be able to call on for help in the direst of circumstances, that which is close to all of our hearts, the treatment of your father of his critical illness." At this, Snape stared at Septimus, unnerving him, and the boy began to quiver. "Sir?" Septimus was truly at a loss now to keep up – and to think he was here not fifteen minutes before thinking he would be being taken apart to answer for his leaving the dormitory and breaking the school rules for it. Now, he was being asked to consider the consequences of the attacks which threatened non-wizards. "We have been in contact on several occasions with your mother, as you know. You have spoken to her, have seen her, and touched her, although only in a virtual way. Unfortunately, we have had to close this means of communication with Mrs Lupin too, for the sake of security, yet as you know, your mother is in the process of invstigating and researching ways and means she can treat and cure your father. From her point of view, she has been unable to reach us. And, for all we know, she may have the treatment already. Come, Septimus, " he added, waving his hand by the boy, who understood, and got up. "We know this, because she sent an Owl to me. Nothing untoward about that, you may imagine, however it has been forensically tested, magically so, and shown to have been intercepted at least half a dozen times. By whom, the Ministry wizards are refusing to spend valuable time in discovering, as yet at any rate, for they have far, far more pressing matters to which to attend. But what we do know is that no communication is safe and that our positions are tenuous, and tentative, and what is and what isn't shared, at what particular time, could mean the difference between success on 30th November, when the Government puts the case to Minister Malfoy at the Witengamt or, ultimately our country being over-run with extremist Conjurists, going about unchecked, having raced past our security because of our poor defences." He stopped abruptly, and Septimus wondered whether it was because Snape had said too much. It was hard to decipher his expression however, for that had barely changed since Septimus had come to the headmaster's door. "Your mother has made progress, though she does not say what. Would you like to speak to her, before we discover precisely what?" "But I thought you said..." Septimus's voice trailed off as he looked, astonished, first at Snape and then towards the fireplace. Then, his glance fell upon Snape's desk, in particular his top drawer. "No, we do not need your special floo powder, Septimus, " Snape chided, "but I shall keep it safe for you, and out of temptation's way. No. I mean, as we did before. You know of whom I speak when I talk of Regulus Black?" A light in Septimus's head switched on. Darren had often talked about his father, and of how his brother Dudley had gone to work with him at British Floo. He had seen a picture - a wizard moving picture - of the man, and the striking similarity he had with Sirius, although with a beard, and a slightly more angular face, a feature which Darren had inherited. "Mr Black, through his skill and political negotiations, conncted this fireplace to that which is in your mother's bedroom. He disconnected it immediately, as did the rest of the BF operatives on the 30th, once it had been quickly established that the enemy were using it to co-ordinate attacks. As this one should never have existed Mr Black took the precaution of disconnecting it too. He has reversed this tonight and reinstated the connection." Septimus paused for a moment, as his mind processed this information. "Does Mum know why?" "Not exactly," Snape replied, "but your mum is canny enough to know that there is a perfectly logical explanation for her lack of contact with me, and also with Mrs Black, with whom she had also been conversing." Probably, the headmaster added, but to himself. The connection took seconds to operate and Septimus was soon looking at a view of nothing much other than large flagstones. They waited a good few minutes before Snape took up his wand and pressed it to the interface. "This will cause a couple of sparks, and a lasting glow," he explained, "so your mum at least will know that the connection is restored." Septimus was going to ask if he could return at another time to speak to Mum, if they didn't, as it looked as if they weren't, going to get hold of her, but then a crackle in the large hearth beneath the Headmaster portraits told them that the connection was mutual. "Severus!" Cecilia's face appeared into view, and she looked as Septimus often remembered her to be when she was excited, lit up and buzzing with things to say. "I've been trying to get this bloody fireplace to connect with yours for weeks! What's gone on? I sent you an Owl, and, well, I need you to look at what I've come up with!" Septimus smiled at her enthusiasm - it felt warm and welcoming, like he remembered when they were all living together, and mum would come home in an equally enthusiastic manner, and rave happily about it until he and Dad were too tired to listen. That has been before sadness and division between his parents had crept in, back in what his mind told him were the good times. "Good evening, Cecilia," Snape replied. "I have Septimus with me," he added, so as to warn her to edit what she might otherwise have told him. "What have you come up with?" "Remus's potion! Or the theory behind it, at any rate. I need you to run your eye over it, and check for mistakes; there's bound to be a few. It just...all came together one night and, well..." Cecilia's voice trailed off, her eyes searching the view her end, before fixing on Septimus. "And how are you, darling? Not in trouble, I hope?" Septimus glanced uneasily at Snape. He was in trouble, to some extent at least. How much would he tell his mother. "No, just a reassuring chat, and a talk to you, Cecilia," Snape replied, on Septimus's behalf, and the boy felt his chest deflate and he stopped holding his breath. Forcing himself to smile he looked at his mother, the words she had just spoken like the breath of angels. "You have Dad's potion?" Cecilia realised she had probably not made herself clear, and she extended her hand towards the cold floo interface towards him, replying, "Not quite, little Tim. Professor Snape needs to check my ideas, then he can take them up and use them in the potion. But he tells me that the potion he used last time helped Dad a good deal; this should make the process of recovery even faster." She then looked at Snape. "Hold on, I have it written down. Do you have enough energy to receive it? I won't be able to hold the connection myself, of course." "I'll channel some, " Snape replied, as Cecilia ducked out of vision, only to reappear holding a parchment bundle. "It's rather lengthy," Cecilia's voice sounded apologetic, "but I wanted to be thorough." "Hold it up, and to the connection," Snape instructed. Using his wand as a guide, he pulled at the bundle of parchment, as if trying to pull an overlarge parcel through the letterbox. Septimus resisted the urge to reach up to help. Eventually it came through with a low "pop" and, with the force he was using, Snape took a few reactive steps back. "I will review forthwith, and return the floo," he replied, as his wand transported the bundle to his desk. "We have had a good deal of civil unrest in the last two weeks; as you might have realised with the lack of any collaboration between magical educational establishments something must have been adrift." Cecilia nodded, her features not as convincing as her gesture, and then changed the subject by asking Septimus about school, and whether he was enjoying it, and whether he had seen Dad recently. Septimus replied that there had been the Halloween Games - which had not gone as altogether expected Snape had interjected, in a tone which implied that it was a subject for another time; Septimus had told them how their plan at the Lower Hunt had worked, and that some of the students from non-wizard families had been ill, and gone home, with the exception of Julian and Jason Crudglington. "Julian said he had asked his mum and dad if I could spend some time with them at Christmas," Septimus continued, his turn to get excited by the future. "Would that be OK mum? I know you'll be coming home, so I wanted to ask you as soon as I could." "Of course, my darling, as long as Mr and Mrs Stone don't mind." And in her own mind she added, I'll try to make that the day I see Petunia; otherwise I'll just want you all for myself, little Tim. And then, with a floo-nudge and a promise to speak soon, Cecilia Lupin's connection with Severus Snape's fireplace was disconnected. Septimus looked at Snape, his eyes happier than he'd seen the lad in ages. "Is it true then, that mum's work will help you make a cure for Dad?" "It should put us in the right direction, yes," agreed Snape. "Were it not for your uncle's security measures I would have her working beside me on this. But, in the grand scheme of things, this is the better compromise. Your mother has done everything in her power to get us as far as we can, and now I take up the baton, so to speak, " he added, walking round to the further side of the desk again and surveying the six-inch high bundle waiting for review. No wonder he felt tired, the energy needed to be converted for that matter-to-matter transformation. "And while I could look at this now, " Snape continued, approaching Septimus, "a couple of hours won't hurt. Would you like to see your father now?" If Septimus could look happier, Snape would like to have seen it. The boy was beaming at the suggestion, as if Christmas had come early. Then a cloud passed over his sunny features. "I'm not about to get expelled then, sir?" Septimus sought to clarify the reason for his original summoning. Snape allowed himself a small smile, which played at the corner of his mouth. "No, but you shall spend the week, when you are not visiting your father, with Professor McGonagall. Quibball will have to develop without your watchful eye. Once you have demonstrated your understanding as to the gravity of the events a fortnight ago then I will know that you have learned your lesson." He beckoned Septimus over to the space between his desk and the office door, a space large enough to step towards the fireplace. Septimus's stomach creaked a little in anticipation of the floo journey they were about to encounter to St. Mungo's. "Just before we leave, do you feel as if you are in need of some relief from the emotional stress symptoms you were experiencing, Septimus?" From his robe pocket Snape extractred a vial and held it out towards the boy. Septimus looked at it, the octagonal shape of the vial's facets; its indigo liquid like ink, as before. He shook his head. "If they return, please come back, Septimus. You can change your mind anytime." On the cold, flagstone floor before the fireplace, Cecilia sat, still and quiet, listening to her mind. It was relieved of its burden. As such, anxiety, tension, worry and impatience were now falling from her like a snake shedding its skin, or wax melting and she felt a flood of refreshment flow over her. He had her work - she as relieved. And Septimus knew too that she had given her research, thorough and conscientious as it was, to the one wizard on the planet who had the ability to take the hypothesis and turn it into an efficable potion, one which would ultimately save her husband from the ravages of vampirism. As she listened, Cecilia could visualise the days ahead - the weekend, where a lot of good planning is done, and the week was more or less navigable too, for now she could plan for the moment Snape recommenced his work, and brought with him his part of the shared research dialogue. Much could be achieved. Cecilia smiled. 88888888 Septimus Lupin held his father's hand. Much of that Saturday evening had felt unexpected, and this was no exception. When the fire dimmed in the large, Headmaster fireplace he expected to be returning to Gryffindor common room, or worse, be escorted in the direction of Professor McGonagall and be detained with her while he completed his outstanding work. He expected her well-practised, hot stare to be making him feel thoroughly ashamed of himself for breaking the common room curfew. Instead, Professor Snape, having invited him to sit down, and had spent no more than five minutes scan-reading the work that his mother had sent, invited him to hold fast before they disapparated to St. Mungo's. He couldn't possibly have read what Mum had to say, Septimus thought as they made their way down the wide, sandstone steps to the lower floors, where the critical cases were; he couldn't possibly have understood everything she had written? Snape, on reaching the door to the critical ward, beckoned Septimus to walk with him; apart from a check that he had landed well – disapparating via the headmaster's room was the one and only way this method of wizardly transportation could be used – he had said very little and it occurred to Septimus that he might still be thinking about what he had been reading. Gesturing to the chair that the medical orderly elf had placed next to the bed of his father, Snape strode past Remus Lupin and immediately engaged in conversation with the duty healer. Septimus, however, sat as invited, and looked at his dad. Apart from the intravenous delivery of potion, fluid and mineral delivery, his father looked a little better than he had imagined, apart from being unconscious. The scar on his face seemed to have healed, though he looked very pale, and Septimus reached down to hold his hand. "Mum's sent something to help Professor Snape with your potion-medicine," he began, his initial embarrassment at speaking to his father, when Remus was first there, long gone. "She's been working hard; Uncle Kay said once she has finished her work she can come back. By Christmas," he added, clarifying his assertion to his unconscious father. "And you look a lot better," he added, as the orderly elf came to change a bag hanging below the bed, and one higher up, tutting a little at Septimus's presence, and the boy shuffled back. "All these people," muttered the orderly elf, as he busied himself, in the manner of all elves everywhere. "They don't come to help...no!" He continued muttering as he added a bag labelled "saline" to the metal hooks that were adjacent the bed. "Can I help?" asked Septimus, trying to be helpful, but the elf merely pushed past him and continued with his duties. "Is my father better?" he asked again, and this time the elf stopped, glaring at him. "He is...different to when he was here before," the elf conceded, "more still." "Do you think he will get better?" Septimus knew that he had said the wrong thing when the elf screamed, "I do not know! People visit, they ask, they sit! They hold hand." The elf looked at Septimus and across to his father's limp limb. "They wish for what is not!" "What is not?" asked Septimus, feeling a chill surround him, more so than the frigid temperature that the hospital ward usually fostered. "Do you mean...?" "I mean," said the elf, "what I say. All who visit; who visit this patient, that patient, wish what is not and want to know when the not will change to better." "Who visits him?" asked Septimus, changing tack. He didn't want to make the elf angry, and draw that to Professor Snape's attention. He didn't want to be told he couldn't visit. "Lots of people," the elf continued, in now calmer voice. "The big wizard, who talks with healer. The witch who sits. The wizard who talks. All want what is not." Septimus understood. Like him, his father's visitors came to hope that he was better and would soon be well. To the elf this probably felt as if people were trying to change the present state of Remus Lupin. He was about to ask if the elf thought his father had made progress, but the sight of Professor Snape in the corner of his eye walking back with the healer made him change his mind. The elf, having done his job, melted away behind the screen, and to another patient. "You have seen that your father looks a little different to the last time you came, Septimus Lupin?" The healer smiled as the boy nodded. Snape, on the other hand, sniffed quickly and loudly, saying nothing. "If you please, madam," Septimus's voice asserted his question. "Does my father get a lot of visitors? Only, the elf said - " The healer smiled, stepping towards Septimus as he broke off, awkwardly. "Please," he added, "what can you tell me about my father?" "Well," replied the healer, "that you have asked, your father has made a little progress. However, we are yet to know whether what we can do would help him, or whether anything we do will help." Septimus stared back, as she continued, "it's never been tested before, Septimus Lupin, for no other victim of a vampire bite has been ever brought in for treatment in Britain. Even in these enlightened times, where research is being encouraged, the hospital in Romania, where the world's best – indeed only – expert works, even he has never tried what we are trying. Constantin has been forthcoming with knowledge, but unfortunately has supplied nothing your father needs." Septimus looked uncertainly between the short, older-looking healer, and Professor Snape. As if to answer his yet unformed question, Snape interjected, "Healer Jones has explained this to you, Septimus, because she feels you are old enough to face the truth of your father's condition, and the reality of what she – and I – are dealing with. It is not straightforward. There are no guarantees. There is nothing other than your father still unconscious. However, he has improved, a little. This does not necessarily mean he will continue to improve." Snape's face was firm, and unreadable – this was common, but now its solidity felt comfofrting, that the situation was not being kept from him. Somehow, that was reassuring. They were treating him like an adult. "Sir...madam..." Septimus began. "Perhaps I can visit next week? I'd like to talk to Dad. Somehow...I don't know...it feels like it helps." "Certainly, many people derive a good deal of comfort from speaking to their relatives. I know that your Uncle Caelius talks to your father." Just as the elf said, Septimus recalled. The wizard who talks, he said. And...there was a witch who sits. He looked quietly at his father's still body and wondered whether he could hear him, and whether he could hear Uncle Kay. But...who was the witch who sits? Looking up and about to ask if Professor Snape knew who the witch who sits might be, but he and the healer had begun a discussion about potions, something which was clearly important as the healer was being followed by a quill and parchment which was apparently taking notes of what the Snape was saying. Oh Dad, thought Septimus, as he looked at his father's face. I miss you. And I miss mum. She's coming back for Christmas – she'll come to see you, I know she will. Please, please get well! As his thoughts lingered on his father's features, hoping that Septimus's silent wish would get into his mind, his eye caught something on the black, onyx tiles, a curl that he could see from the light distant from the corridor. Bending his knees, with Snape and the Healer still locked in discussion, he stretched out his arm and closed his hand around it. Opening his hand and turning it to the dim rays Septimus looked at it. Nothing much, he decided; a little piece of paper with a few lines on it, which probably had come from a document of some sort. "Time to say goodbye for the evening." Snape's voice was close to his ear and Septimus jumped, pushing the inconsequential scrap into his trouser pocket. He glanced at the headmaster before leaning over to his father. "I love you," he whispered, close to his ear, then kissed him on the cheek. Following Severus Snape, Septimus glanced back to his father's bed, allowing the spark of optimism to smoulder. This felt like a good thing, their visit. Mum had helped; the healer had listened. Even the elf had reassured him that his dad was not alone between his own visits. "Yes," Snape said, as they reached the top of the hard, sandstone steps whence they had descended some time before. "Yes, sir?" "Yes," he repeated. "You may visit more often." He leaned closer to Septimus, his breath close to his ear. "Your mother has an uncanny way of getting things right, and I have an uncanny way of interpreting them magically. However - " he pulled away. "You must not get your hopes up. We do not know when – or if – my adjustments will work." Septimus nodded as the Hedgewards headteacher grasped him close, which reduced the effects of travelling fourth-dimensionally via disapparation. 88888888 As she has hoped, Cecilia's week was going remarkably smoothly. Rather than having been focused on Remus's potion, and an embodiment of the Universal Link in the context of Auld Magic that accompanied the hypothesis Cecilia found that she could at least plan for her lessons, and not be so exhausted as not to deliver them effectively. Ragnhild seemed to have regressed a little inside herself; she was rarely to b found inside her classroom, however Cecilia had had what seemed to b a positive conversation witht the dead history teacher - was it a prerequisite of the role, she wondered? - about the history of Durmstrang. It turned out that, at around the same time as the Hedgewards founders were uniting the school, as was Durmstrang, in its own way, isolating itself. According to many eyewitness accounts - although some could be forgiven for counting just how many eyes the witnesses had – the Durmstrang Institute had decided that it was too good for the likes of Varlberg, an already sparsely populated town - and off it went, floating on the breeze, until it found a solid rock far away from everey form of Norweigan - indeed Scandinavian - town or village. That had amused her, and that good humour had carried her into her lessons, and made them less tiresome, and more energised. The students, by contrast, were under a good deal of pressure, for shortly before the Christmas holiday – a holiday more for staff teaching lessons, rather than an abstention of learning, so many of them crowding as they did so into the library or common rooms to continue with their labours. And there was also a feeling of guilt at the wrong she had caused to Lindvald Halen. Elusive as he usually was, she had deliberately avoided him the week before, her breakthrough, attributing his kindly gesture to something more in her mind. Was she really so unhinged as she sought the link between Auld Magic and energy? It had seemed nothing more than an academic exercise in the end, as she had postulated the workings of vampirism and Remus's potion. Was it good enough for Caelius? Her view of Professor Halen certaily had been prime examples of her emphasising and enlarging those incidents she felt uneasy about, which were not under her control – it was what happened when she was under pressure. Well, thought Cecilia, after a long evening session on electrochemistry to a group of fifth year students, it would have to be – unless Snape could see otherwise, that was the connection; Auld Magic was the ability to interact to greater or lesser extent to the surroundings, and as such mythology, ritual and social importance had been attributed to it. It was a little like religious significance and dogma being attached to natural phenomena. Now, as she considered what the next job that was that evening, and whether she should risk trying to use her fireplace that evening to speak to Snape, or to Petunia, the face of the aforementioned wizard appeared in her mind's eye. Her perception of him would be all very well if she hadn't ignored him, and avoided him to the point of rudeness over this past fortnight, just because she'd been annoyed, aggravated, and had blown things out of proportion. She had indeed been rude in her manners. Perhaps she should have listened to Ragnhild's advice earlier on - after all, if she wasn't going to heed her truthteller friend which, in her heart of hearts Cecilia knew would have been the right thing to follow – then she'd end up causing difficulties for herself which were avoidable. But...and here was the but...Cecilia knew herself to be stubborn. Self-protectionism had been her area of doubt, because she had felt the feelings that she had, and didn't want to feel them again. If she was found to be working here under false pretenses and working to help Remus, then there might be more at stake than just her life, or indeed that of her family. No...she couldn't fool herself with that, she chided her brain, as she pushed through to the staircase that would take her back down to her room. Maybe to Ragnhild, but even she could see through Cecilia. What was it about Lindvald Halen that made her defensive, and yet intrigued by the wizard? Certainly he was highly intelligent and gifted in his specialism, but then, so was Severus Snape, and he had never invoked such strong responses in her. So, it was therefore a shock to find the wizard himself waiting outside her bedroom for her to return from teaching, and an even bigger shock that, half an hour later they were in his classroom, with a particularly tricky physics equation that definitely involved the speed of light, a constant that she had never been successful in using corrrectly in calculations and a Lindvald Halen who seemed genuinely to be struggling with his concept "May I ask, Cecilia, whether you mind at all in giving me assistance? Only, this problem has been most irksome." She felt herself smiling at the interesting sentence construction, and that the highly regarded and able wizard had felt it necessary to ask her. "Not in the least," she replied, keeping all other facets of the question, humorous or otherwise, from her mind. "Where would you like me to start?" "Matter." Lindvald, fleet of foot and light of touch indicated the constant that was the speed of light. "Why, when I vary the input of the spell does it change? The speed of light cannot change, it's a universal constant." Well, if you don't know, I don't, thought Cecilia, but rather than say them aloud she went on to agree with him. Constants in physics were only arrived at and agreed upon with as much, if not more rigorous interrogation than victims of the Spanish Inquisition. "Is there some physical interaction with matter, do you think? Have you considered background magic, as you reminded me?" Of course you have, Cecilia told herself, annoyed. Yet... "I was asked this question, Cecilia Lupin, by a student, and to my shame, couldn't answer." His face buckled a little, as if the challenge of being stumped was difficult to grasp. "It involved genes, and why, when the particle nature of energy was changed, the DNA was altered, such as in changing the species of an animal in a transfiguration spell. I carried out both computations, at the macro level, and the micro, with, well, these results!" And he threw anger at the inanimate blackboard onto which he had scribed the calculations as if he hated it. "You know," said Cecilia after a while, her head tired from the day, but the challenge of a problem ensuring there would be no rest for her yet, "DNA can be altered. The organism that is transfigured, like you or I, would feel nothing. Yet, James Clark-Maxwell, though had not named it, described a quantum event if cells were changed, even in mitosis, or meiosis. You have heard of James Clark-Maxwell?" The silence at her small speech was deafening, and Cecilia was prompted to ask, "you do know who James Clark-Maxwell was?" "Yes..." Cecilia could see something being recalled in Lindvald's mind as he paced the room, one hand under his chin, deep in thought. "Yes...quantum effects, too small to see." He glared at the offending board again, before wiping a little of the first calculation off with his robe sleeve. "Yes, I know...he mentioned it." "What?" "In his work," Lind clarified, "he mentions it. Like, a plane shape, a triangle, can't be 2-dimensional. When you get down to the flatness, whatever it has been put onto has a dimension, even though it might be small, in micrometres, and then even smaller." "Energy, light, magic," Cecilia whispered to herself, but not quiet enough for it to be undetected, and this time it was Lindvald's turn to question her. "What?" he asked, a light turning on behind his eyes, but before Cecilia could say anything Lind qualified, "of course. Severus Snape's discovery. You worked with him." It wasn't a question, and Cecilia took the opportunity to repeat his last sentence, as if to agree with him. "What is your premise?" she went on to ask. Lindvald's eyes narrowed for a moment. "Energy fields and how they are affected by magic and spells. I spotted the mistake in your hypothesis, remember?" "Yes, you did," Cecilia almost snapped back. But...she stared at the calcium carbonate-streaked board, streaked in a complicated set of numbers and letters which meant more to Lindvald Halen than to her. And yet... "What if your premise is invalid?" Lind rolled his eyes. "Well done, Jocelyn Bell-Burnell," he groaned. "Come on, I want Cecilia Lupin's opinion!" "I need to understand a little more before I give it," she confessed. So, instead of feeling embarrassed and awkward in the wizard's company now, Cecilia listened and felt more at ease, as if conversing with a peer, someone on her level, so to speak. Perhaps, said a little voice in her head, Ragnhild was right after all. The hypothesis around energy fields turned out to be based on the nature of electromagnetic radiation, which everything, from people, plants, animals, to stars, and even matter and energy as yet undetermined in space. This Cecilia knew, but she listened anyway. This meant that everything that physically existed could be said to have a magical character, since magic was energy. This made sense too, as did the premise that although everything has the potential for magic, it was tapping into the energy source to allow magic to have a pathway that was the trick, and for some objects the pathway was more easily discovered than others. For some things no path had been found. And yet, it depended upon the circumstances in which the object found itself – if it was in a position to access magical energy, sometimes it too could open a channel to its hitherto impossible-to-reach magic. Like myself, thought Cecilia. In a magical environment she was able to do magic, of a kind, a pathetic excuse compared to some, but better than nothing. "And you formulated this yourself?" "Based on the skills and abilities of someone I hold in great esteem," Lindvald replied, his eyes alight. "Tabitha Penwright. I once met her, you know, I was in awe of her, I must admit," he added, somewhat shyly. "Would that I could emulate her natural ability, to be able to work intuitively as she does, to have such skill. She said once that - " " - you can only do the job that's in front of you," finished Cecilia, to Lind's genuine astonishment. "I know her; not well; but as you know I worked with her husband." "Severus Snape?" Cecilia nodded. "That figures. It doesn't, because, well, it's strange to think of her as married, considering how all-encompassing her work is." You wouldn't believe, Cecilia replied, but silently to herself. "But, in his own way," Lind finished, staring back at his work, "he is as brilliant as she is." "I think there are some elements of genius here," said Cecilia, trying, and failing, to analyse the two formulae. "And I think that what you have here will help me." "Oh? I thought your work was finished? Did you manage to contact the person you needed in the fireplace?" "Er, yes," nodded Cecilia, uncertainly, wondering when she had told him that. "I, er, have leave to communicate in Britain because of the European Council precept. Although there is a nation-wide curfew on the Floo network. "How do you think my opinion will help you?" Lind smiled widely. "Only that it will corroborate my own thoughts. I have my own postulation, on the nature of spells?" "Which is?" "Which is yet to be fully considered. But your view on energy..." she narrowed her eyes a little. "Conjurists would not like to hear what you have to say in terms of magic, Lindvald. You have levelled all things in this world, not least humans." "Good point!" "So, if I've helped you...have I helped you?" "Yes." "Thank you then, for the help you've given me." As Cecilia returned to her room, with a fresh view on magic, for the second time in their meeting, Lindvald Halen watched her leave, thanking her again, most profusely. 88888888 More than anything right now Caelius Lupin wanted nothing more than his bed, and the peace of mind that would allow him to make best use of it. But it was not to be. Now, more than any other time in his career, his political position was at stake. He had people working day and night to shore up the evidence for the Witengamot, to patrol streets, to question and interrogate, cross reference and check that evidence was water-tight. Overtime was available, night after night, for whoever would take it, but even with this there was a chance that all could be ignored on 30th, and Draco Malfoy would take a different view. Closing his eyes momentarily, Caelius rested, allowing what he had in front of him to drain from his memory. There is a hope she has done it, he told himself, focusing on his brother now, and the breakthrough that Severus Snape had told him was what was needed. It had legs, which was more than could be said about him right now. "She has done everything we asked of her." Snape's words echoed in his now-emptying mind. "Indeed, " Caelius had replied, when the two wizards had spoken via the Floo that evening, "she is to return home." There had been a pause. Snape knew Caelius of old. "You surely cannot expect to keep her there; her work is sound and I have adjusted Remus's potion accordingly, and he seems to be responding to it." "Merlin, we are blessed!" For a moment, just for a moment, Caelius's facade slipped, and an old man, face lined with care and toil, wore an expression of hope and happiness at the prognosis of his brother, his exclamation one of expectation, though hardly wanting to believe it. "Was I wrong, then, in telling Septimus that his mother would be coming home?" "Have you?" "Not yet. There is still much we need to do. But I cannot see any reason to justify keeping her away from her son." "Indeed", Caelius had conceded, "there is none. She can return at Christmas, as promised." "He will be glad indeed to hear that." She is the least of my worries tonight thought Caelius, as he returned to his desk, nodding as post imp after post imp brought him returned legal documents from his colleagues around the Ministry. He scrutinised what was in his hand, a triply-eye-witnessed account of a Conjurist attack near Manchester...by none other than a Jacob Swales. Wearily, he placed the document on the pile marked "Notes for the Prosecution". "Let her return," Caelius reiterated, considering again his sister-in-law, he could not be so cruel to his nephew. Though she may not necessarily stay returned. 88888888
88888888 "May I say, that you seem very happy this evening, Mrs Lupin?" "Lind!" From her desk of half-marked scripts from her lessons on positive ligand tests and a devising of a key to show how metal ions can be detected, Cecilia raised her head and smiled at the wizard, a lightness lifting her up as he stepped into the darkened classroom. "Why so dark, though?" "I've just been considering the bioluminescence of the sea creatures I found dead on the rocks the other day. I wanted to check if they were a similar species to jellyfish, only much smaller. I'm not sure whether they are." Cecilia smiled. The previous fortnight had been reasonable. Positive. Happy, he was right, if you could call it that. She had got to a position where she was contented to be where she was for now, for the promise of returning home from Caelius and a promise of being contacted by Snape regarding Remus. She had spoken to Septimus. She had spoken to Petunia and learned of the looming trial of the Conjurists suspcted of being behind disturbances...deaths...on Halloween night (Cecilia had asked Petunia that her condolences to be sent to Happy that she had done all she could for her husband and that soon she would have Septimus's company. The light was at the end of the tunnel and was getting brighter all the time. Because of this she had been actually enjoying teaching and interacting with her colleagues, such as she could. Others were always aloof; the last time Cecilia had seen most of them was when Lindvald had arrived at Durmstrang and Ragnhild had dragged her to the school's great hall for the welcome supper. "How can I help you, Lind?" Cecilia continued to smile as her colleague stepped tentatively into her classroom. The candles were out in most of the candelabrae and the small, anemone-like creatures sent out a blue-green light into the immediate area shading his chestnut-coloured hair and pale face a garish, sickly colour. "Interesting," Lind murmured as he bent his head lower nearer to the could-be anemones. "They don't seem to have the same wavelength emission as jellyfish." "A few hundred nanometres per second more," Cecilia agreed, looking down at the small, blob-like things on the wooden board that she had spent the last couple of hours analysing. "Slightly bluer. Perhaps a localised adaptation; the North Sea is rather less reflective than the Atlantic; perhaps the deeper colour is an advantage." "I've been considering what you told me Cecilia, and I've been thinking. You said that James Clark-Maxwell had postulated the quantum nature of atoms, and these may alter the nature of DNA?" Cecilia nodded. Lind said nothing for a moment, wandering aound the glowing anemones like an oversized moth, entranced by their light. "What if, just supposing..." Lind stopped, his face puzzled. Cecilia folded her arms. What did he want with her this time, she wondered, feeling a little aggrieved, then immediately feeling bad. He looked at her in the semi-darkness and held her gaze and it seemed for once that Cecilia was looking at a face which, though youthful in so many respects echoed the wisdom of the years, the wize art of wizardry. And at the same time a face which would look so hurt if ever you were to disappoint the owner. Lind swallowed. "...in the interests of collaboration, would you be prepared to teach a section of my lesson with this in mind? You see, I find the children here so indoctrinated, Cecilia – I trust I can speak freely?" Cecilia nodded, stepping lightly over towards the door and closing it. "My magic is not well developed," she explained, hoping it would be enough. "I suppose that's why I took interest in science at a young age." This was true, but not for the reason she'd suggested of course. "A spell to make it impenetrable to all sound beyond?" She didn't have to ask twice. A knarled wand, which looked as if it had seen better days was pushed into the waistband of Lindvald's trousers, which Cecilia noticed when he swept aside his robe, wordlessly casting a version of the "Impervious" spell. All sound would reflect back into the room and could not be detected or intercepted by a third party. "Indeed," Lind continued, running his hand through his hair after replacing his wand, "it's difficult to know where to begin..." "Why don't you sit down?" Cecilia offered a chair near the glowing sea creatures, looking at his face intently, her preoccupation with him over the last few weeks draining from her as he stammered a couple of words. "The thing is," he began again, "the students here. They are so stifled from the real world out there. Hedgewards students. Oh, it's with the best of intentions, no doubt about that, so as to fully immerse themselves in work. But, a work like, "Auld Magic" leaving these shores with Felix Felixssohn..." he looked at her, almost beseechingly, as if Cecilia could do anything about it. "I expect – no, I know our ancestors, if they could see these children, and those at Hedgewards too...so institutionalised...where's the spark of genius that comes from home-grown magic? Heath magic, they once called it." "Heathens," nodded Cecilia, as she looked across to the fire. "Living on the heath. Hedge magic, it was called, if it was discovered, not made." She looked back, and smiled a little at Lindvald's face, which displayed amazement. "Really? I never knew that," he replied. "So, will you teach with me? Anything to do something about the ignorance of the students of the outside world." "Of course." Cecilia already knew what her answer would be. What better way than to have tried to change the place here, at Durmstrang, as a parting gift to these brilliant-minded future world- changers? "When would you like me?" she added. "A week or so. Just so I can subtlely lay the foundations, so to speak. For bright children, it seems that they don't have a lot of common sense." He stood to go, and for a moment, Cecilia thought he looked taller, as if he had been a little afraid of what he was going to tell her, or if she was going to refuse, or laugh, or disagree. For the second time in as many weeks she felt like she was getting to know Lindvald, which was very nice indeed. Just as he was about to leave, having carefully removed the security spell, Lind turned, his hand on the iron circular handle which operated the thick, wooden door's latch. "I take it your fireplace now works?" "What?" "Er..." his voice low, uncertain again. "I...please don't take this the wong way, Cecilia, but it was getting obvious that your agitation was making you act...differently. I wanted to come earlier, that is to say..." Lind ruffled his hair again, "...I noticed you swearing at it when it didn't work. It was obvious that you needed a way to communicate to someone, probably your family, or your son. I didn't want to say anything about what seemed to be your lack of magical ability. I don't mean to talk out of turn, Mrs Lupin, but it was really quite obvious. It's no wonder you keep yourself to yourself; it wouldn't do for the children to know. And it seemed really important that you were in contact with others...I often heard you speaking in your room. Your friend Mrs Black seems a kind woman. I did not intend to catch a conversation you once both had. What you said to one another I have endeavoured to forget. But she seems like a good friend to have, with your body unable to access and metabolise magical energy very efficiently, as it were..." Cecilia stared at him, her mouth open, wondering what to say, or where to begin. When she said nothing, Lind took his hand from the door and leaned against it, as if guarding them from the outside world. When it seemed that he was about to say something, she raised her hand. "No, thank you, Lindvald. That was very kind of you." Trying to remain calm, she fought the urge to analyse all of her conversations with Petunia Black. If Lindvald was about to be hostile or cause the information to allow her to come to harm in any way he surely would have done it by now, not admit accidental eavesdropping, and a helpful favour to her along the way. Vital to her, yes, but he didn't know that. And for all his genius, for his strong likeability, his natural charm and way of being able to put anyone at their ease – she had seen it for herself when she had accidentally walked past his classroom door a week ago, calming as he did a very highly strung sixth year girl from her hysteria about a non-existent mistake in her homework. The floo. Snape had not mentioned anything about problems with a connection when he and Septimus had talked to her and she had sent him what she believed to be the best answer that she could come up with to treat her Remus. She hadn't considered a fault at her end. Now this would mean she could speak to Petunia, and at least tell her she was coming home at Christmas, and about Remus, if she didn't already know, that is. "So, if you are happy to teach with me Cecilia, may we discuss the detail? At another time, maybe, once you've had a chance to think about it?" Cecilia nodded, her mind returning to the present and her heart feeling as if it were rising and falling in her chest as he left. Such a teacher, and he had asked her to do him a favour! How could she have said anything other than yes, even though her own teaching was far too inferior? It felt as if Leonardo da Vinci had just come to ask the painter and decorator to touch up the smile on the Mona Lisa because he couldn't get it to look quite right in the mildly bashful, modest manner that only the brilliant could convey. And then there was the man's thoughtfulness of what she may need... OK, so you're doing it, Cecilia told herself as she headed along the corridor in the cold darkness as was the school at this time of night, and this time of year. Teach it, just do it. Do the job that's in front of you. Cecilia smiled to herself at the thought – Tabitha said that in almost every breath, probably because if she didn't, who knew where her mind would end up anywhere. That lovely Tabitha, admired as she was by Lindvald - who was so perfect for Severus, so perfect that of course he understood what she had to do, that she had to leave, and probably had more than half a hand in it too. Letting herself in, and with a cursory glance at the hearth, the mystery of its working correctly now solved, she closed and secured it behind her before sinking into the dressing table chair, sighing at her own stomach-gnawing feelings. Oh, that she wanted to go home, and of course she would go. But the edge to her desperation had definitely gone when she thought about working with Lindvald Halen. 88888888 Wizard lawyers from Stone and Blewitt had been in contact with the Ministry. Yet another thing to sort out. In the light from his desk, Caelius Lupin nursed his brow. Of course they would be – the Blewitts were well off, at least. And, well: they were sitting in the seats at the Halloween Games' Lower Hunt, having just watched the world's first demonstration of quibball. In the last few weeks there had been protests, and clashes with NWRs, non-wizards who were likely to be up for a barny no matter who the opposition were, and conjurists. Not conjurists who interested Caelius: no. They would be the ones who had instigated this and were hanging around in the shadowy corners of the country while the self-declared extremists, proudly waving copies of "The Art of the Wize" organised celebratory sabbats and danced around in very little of a night, so that ritual could replace faith and spirit. Caelius looked at his speech again. Would it be enough? As it was, the whole trial was intended to be a closed-door affair, not only because of the amount of people who wanted to attend, but to safeguard justice. Draco Malfoy was presiding over the procedings and he would take no prisoners, so to speak, if justice were considered to be in contempt, or compromised. It would be a witengamot never before seen. Indeed, the first in modern times. Anglo-Saxon kings held witengamots in order to establish justice, or to hear pleas from destitute families to provide them food or shelder. The name was subtle, he would give Malfoy that. A clever play on the "Wizengamot" hearings in the wizard world, it could do nothing but to make the trial, of a crime perpetrated by wizards against non-wizards, to refer to it by its original names. Four seventeen. Well, it was done; he had to make sure it was perfect to be used at the end of the month. "...stand before the witengamot, a jury made of twelve persons Of Age, of a variety of magical ability and gender, all citizens of our noble Great Britain..." Caelius stared at the paper, thinking of what Evelyn Forteskew would be saying not so quietly under her breath, and added a note – "and Northern Ireland..." whilst continuing, "...the Combined Government made of the Houses of Lords and Commons as well as the Ministry are jointly, and sincerely committed to resolving the crime perpetrated throughout the whole of the nation on 31st October 2009 so as none the like will ever happen again..." None the like? He really was tired. No-one spoke like that any more. He had obviously been reading too many documents linked to Auld Magic as Harry was caught up with the Reciprocators, so much work they had now. So much work... ...blinking heavily, he put down his quill. He would only have to go over the speech again anyway in order to refine it. It had been a big coup allowing for freedom of information exchange to happen between the government Aurors and Reciprocators. Had they not, so many of them in both organisations (some wearing the cap of both) would have burned out any way. They had drawn the line at the NWRs, a strange bunch of non-wizards, sporadically distributed through the whole country, who felt they wanted to do their bit against conjurists, in a calm, organised manner, who had been present that night after several altercations in Nottingham, and later down in Leicester. "What shall we do?!" asked the frantic junior minister, left in charge by Mick Mullen, who himself was attending a theft of non-wizard artefacts, on display in Nottingham Castle's art gallery, depicting the Victorian view of witches and wizards. "What we always do, Cooper, follow the rule of law." 8888888 True to Professor Snape's word, Septimus felt his deadlines eased. Crossing back with Darren and Rufus from the Owlery, with the attacks in the quidditch pitch nearly a fortnight ago (security was still tight, but there were fewer Aurors in the skies tonight) he had fed Dorielle. Although she had had her head under her wing, the little owl had peered out with her beady eye and extended a claw, slowly, and carefully closed it over the leftover meat they had brought from the supper table. "Sam was acting strange, I have to agree," Darren commented as the three of them walked the incline towards the side entrance of the school. "I mean, he's usually really friendly to you, Septimus." Septimus nodded thoughtfully. He had tried to speak to Sam Potter that evening, to ask him about a piece of work he had for Crowfoot, and he had begun by asking if he'd had a good birthday: he was now 17, an of-age wizard. Septimus recalled, in his mind's eye, when Sam was the age he was now, and off to Hedgewards, like his brother Harry had been. Septimus had been in awe of the boy then, as he was now; Sam so easily strode out into a room and became the centre of attention. Therefore it had been a shock that Sam had put his head down and ignored him. "Perhaps it's because of Halloween still," Darren continued, as they crunched over the long grass towards the gravel. "I don't think so, replied Septimus. He had spoken to him shortly afterwards, when most of the non-wizards had returned home and there was just Julian and Jason Crudglington left, as to how proud he was that they were both in the school houses of their choice. And, Sam had come to the hospital wing to see him with his parents. He'd been very apologetic. "Well, what about home then? You said that his brother worked for the Ministry..." "Yeah..." Septimus nodded, turning a little as the sound behind them that must have been there a little while, "Don't you know why?" asked Ariella Blewitt, who was coming the other way, out of the school, in definitely the wrong direction "What do you mean, Ariella? And where are you going?" Behind her, Gordy Springs – Jason Crudglington's cousin -, Scarletta Addams and Trudy Harris. All of them looked sheepish. "You should know," replied Ariella, looking at all three of them. "As you both have joined the anticonjurusts." She pushed out her arm, pulling up her sleeve. Septimus nodded, noting the sign still there. His had washed off a few weeks ago. But he still felt as if his sworn oath to fight conjurists was true. "We are going to look for any evidence we can find to help Sam Potter," Ariella carried on, as Gertrude nodded in agreememt. "In the owlery, now we are getting some mail. And sometimes, people who get a letter might not want it, and its thrown away, right there and then, at the tower. It'll be good to have four pairs of hands extra to help tonight." "Three, " replied Rufus. "Julian is catching up on his "arithmancy" work. Ariella looked sharply at Rufus at Julian's name, then back to Septimus. "Anyway, why is all this important?" demanded Darren, stepping forward and frowning. "Because then I can tell mum. She's been fighting the conjurists. There have been some non-wizards helping, on hr side. She needs all the help she can get to prevent the conjurist wizards from banding together, or making spells. There's going to be a trial, because of Hallowen," Ariella continued. "Dad's got to give evidence. Mum has volunteered too. And, Sam has to go." "Sam? Sam Potter?" "Yes, Sam Potter," replied Ariella, sharply. "How many Sams do you know?" "Seven," replied Rufus, thoughtfully. "Well, the Sam here," continued Ariella, patiently, "has to give evidence. You said you wanted to know why?" Septimus paused. How was it that she was so well informed? "Well, er, yes?" "Because of his birthday. His parents took him to Diagonalley. He was recognised by some students who had left and had given him a bit of hassle about your Lightningshot. They were blaming him for all the glass that got broken in all of the non-wizard houses." Just as Septimus was about to say what a stupid thing that would be to say when the older boy was defnintly at the Halloween Games, and how everyone had seen him, so how could that be true, when Darren interrupted. "Yes, but how do you know all of this?" insisted Darren again. "We haven't had pensieve news, or newspapers, come to that, since the start of term." Ariella patted the side of her nose with her finger. "Let's just say, I have my ways and means. So, are you going to come and help? You did promise to fight conjurism," she reminded them. As Septimus was about to say "maybe", Rufus turned on his heel, and back out towards the owlery. "Good!" Ariella exclaimed, stepping past him and whipping her long, blonde hair over her shoulder decisively. Gordy and Scarletta looked at one another before following her. Septimus looked at Darren, who both looked at the receding figure of Rufus Lestrange. "It shouldn't take too long to go through all the mess that's been left in the bins up there with us all helping." 8888888 Sleep had not become Cecilia that night. Sunday night, two nights before the end of November as it was, and thoughts of energy and magic, quantised energy and spells occupied her thoughts. So had teaching, the teaching that she was to do with Lindvald Halen. And so, unable to sleep, in the early hours of the morning, Cecilia attempted to contact Petunia. She was very glad that Petunia was her friend; not many people would have tolerated a floo-call at four o'clock in the morning, but a sleepy Petunia Black squinted back into the flame. When she realised it was Cecilia she let out a yelp. "Ce! Where have you been? Did you get my Owl?" When Cecilia shook her head, Petunia shook her head, and leaned closer to Cecilia, who was wrapped up in the jumper Petunia had knitted her and managed to send by floo. "You shouldn't be using the floo! Didn't Severus tell you?" Cecilia shook her head, all academic thoughts about energy that she had been processing fleeing her mind as the urgency in her friend's voice cut to her nerves. "The floo network is being watched," Petunia warned, her voice low. "Not with Regulus's connection, of course, we're OK. But I believe it was a...governmental decision to suspend connection with you, so as to guard us all safe." "Ha! You mean Caelius!" Caelius, added Cecilia, in her mind. One hint of disharmony anywhere and he's on it, pulling and pushing things so he can take control. "So how was it that Severus floo'd me?" "It's Severus," replied Petunia. "Obviously it was important. And if he had Septimus with him he probably didn't want to say too much." Made sense, thought Cecilia. And she hadn't asked because she so desperately wanted to give him the hypothesis so he could turn it into a working anti-vampire potion. She told Petunia this, who congratulated her at her genius. "Hardly. Hard work," Cecilia conceded. "And I can't wait to be back home again. Christmas." "Who told you that? Caelius?" Cecilia nodded to the dancing green flame. "And I'll be holding him to it," she added. "for I've solved, or at least I think I've solved the Universal Link with Auld Magic. So simple." "You have?" "Well," Cecilia conceded, cuddling into her Petunia-made woollens, "Lindvald Halen did propose a concept, and I offered a mechanism. He really is a genius, Petunia, and as such he still accepted my help." "When will you learn that you're good, Ce?" Petunia shook her head. "But, whether there was time or not, or circumstances, Severus really should have told you." And Petunia went on to tell Cecilia of the horror of Halloween, of how her nephew Sam was implicated; Auld Magic cited as a reason for violence; how non-wizards felt persecuted and how they were fighting back. "Oh my God!" exclaimed Cecilia, truly shocked at the news. "Petunia, this is dreadful. I hate to admit it, but it's what Caelius feared. I may not like the man, but he really does think he is acting in the best interests of everyone. How're poor James and Lily?" "Beside themselves. James has been put in charge temporarily of the Reciprocators – they're so over-worked, Cecilia, all those call outs since 30th October because of Severus and Caelius needing total focus." "...yes, that makes sense..." "So how is it that you managed to get me out of bed so early, Cecilia? I take it you've been trying for the last few weeks?" Cecilia nodded. "Yes," she clarified. "I couldn't do it. You know I've managed to develop some weak magic?" "Yes. You explained that Ragnhild was working on the idea that redheads are predisposed to magic, and that magic can be learned if you're close enough to it for long enough. But now..." "Now...?" And suddenly it was Cecilia's turn to tell Petunia, that she had had no luck these last few weeks, then a colleague had made an alteration or two. "A colleague?" "Lindvald Halen. A new member of staff. He's so very good, Petunia, I feel like fraud around him. He's just so..." "Yes...?" The question was to prompt her to continue, Cecilia's brain knew, but she also knew that in continuing honesty, the least her friend would suspect was that she could not think clearly about the wizard. "He's just so...I don't know...it's hard to put into words...he's not attractive, as such, not in a that sense, not in any sense...but I am attracted to his character. Does that make sense? He's easy to be around, very clever, interested in things that I am interested in – science and magic, rather than just the magic!" "Sounds like you've got a little soft spot there, Ce," mock-chided Petunia. "It's not like that!" Cecilia exclaimed, defensively. "Remus is in hospital! I'm hundreds of miles from Septimus!" Out of nowhere her anxieties of the last few months came to the surface, although they didn't hide the tiny coal of guilt that she felt for her feelings towards the wizard which were, if she was choosing her words generously, deep admiration. "Sounds like he is making your time there bearable, at least," Petunia replied, soothingly. "Anyone would seek comfort in someone who they got on with – would you feel guilty, if Lind was a witch?" A very good question, Cecilia had to admit. Now that her friend pointed it out to her, Cecilia could say that, in all honesty she would feel relaxed in the company of a witch who had a similar character, like she did in Ragnhild's company. And then, all at once, she felt so pleased that Petunia was her friend. Even here, speaking over a slow floo connection that was, Cecilia had to admit, jerky with a small time lag, she was so grateful to have her as a friend, with her generous and comforting character. "Ok..." Cecilia tailed off, resisting the urge to stand up and begin to pace as she felt better about herself now. Instead, she began pulling her hands through her g needing-to-be washed, salt-caked hair from her escapade collecting the sea anemones that she had experimented with the evening before as she sought a summary. "Ok..." she repeated, more certainly. "I'll close the connection now, Petunia. At least I know now I can connect to the floo if I need to." She saw Petunia's face pull nearer still. "Just take care there, Cecilia," Petunia warned. "There's still so much uncertainty." The floo faded. Cecilia sat in silence on the cold flagstones. Never would she have thought that she would hear something like that. It sounded so unreal. And yet, it was also very obvious that something was going to happen, with so many incitements to violence from both sides, when ignorant people listened to dangerous ideas. At least there was a reason now that she hadn't had contact with Severus. Don't think any more, Cecilia told herself. Just be. Let Severus do his job and Caelius his. Do the job in front of you. Help Lind. Then it'll be Christmas and you can leave, and be with your family. 88888888 "Is it really necessary, a Witengamot?" The frigid air so high up in the Alps was making the warm air escaping from the windows of their abode crystallise as they went out. "How...old fashioned. I have to say I am rather disappointed at Caelius Lupin's lack of imagination." At the top of the raised platform a large pensieve writhed and squirmed. Albus Dumbledore looked up from it, gazing now at his lover. "It will keep them occupied," replied Gellert Grindelwald, wand under his hand as he examined the bends and nodules. "I grow restless," complained Albus, descending the stairs. "When will we have what we need?" "Again, I have told you, my love. It shall not be long until we have all three non-transmutable objects. And then...oh yes then..." Gellert put down his wand and approached Albus Dumbledore, "unparalleled access to the world of the spirits, and beyond..."
The last day in November had dawned and in it, history would be made. From the public gallery looking down on the legal court in which the Witengamot was to assemble, Harry Potter watched the staff elves busying themselves in the task of cleaning and tidying the chamber as his eyelids heavy with lack of sleep- and over-work considered what the day to come would be like. History in the making, a part of him knew. The temporary historical researcher sagged at the shoulders as he leaned upon the balustrade, reflecting as the room was being clean, small explosions and after-smoke of localised magical spells being used to dress the chamber in the official Ministry sigils. Harry blinked again, as his mind knew that other standards were being hung, the union flag. What a bizarre place to be. Having taken over his mum's role as she gradually became consumed with the work of the Reciprocators – even more so when Dad had taken over the role of leader – and having finished his first professional summary as a ministry researcher, the history of Auld Magic, Harry knew today, with the presence of non-wizards passing judgment as equal to wizards against potential wizard criminals, the day was already saturated with a significant event for the future. Carefully, surrounded by the sound of Ministry elves making a hash of something and then having to redo it, Harry closed his eyes, trying to think of what he would say to Hermione. Although his future wife had come to terms with her role – nuts and bolts come to terms, that is, the workings of her job, Harry knew that inside, Hermione would be hiding her true feelings behind her facade of professionalism. When she would allow herself to feel, Harry did not know. But she would feel, and he knew that giving evidence as, effectively, the opposition to the British Ministry, would take its toll. Not least when evidence would come to light about Sam Potter's part in the attacks the month before and how, on 30th October he came to be holding his wand and casting a spell that destroyed a very expensive younger boy's broom just before attacks came to the quidditch pitch, where the first demonstration of quibball had been played the "Lower Hunt" having just ended. Almost too good to be true... ...David Mullen's quip had, for some reason stuck in Harry's mind. Preparing the documents, which had taken him most of the night and into that morning – Caelius had been particular about exactly what he needed, and from which floor down and which shelves, a mission which had kept Harry fit by walking many miles below the streets of London, deeper even than the Underground, the charismatic octogenarian, twin of Mick, same cheeky grin in want of forgiveness for misdemeanours yet to be revealed, had ambled through his minds' eye so many times as his words echoed there. "Did you manage it?" Hermione sat next to him, pushing her arm, thick with woollen coat sleeve, though Harry's, which was bent, his chin resting on his hand, and rested her head on his shoulder. "All of what Caelius Lupin wants?" "All, more or less," Harry nodded. "I had to go back many centuries, and there were so many curious and intiguing artefacts." He cut off, mainly because, in all honesty, he didn't know what they all were, and second, he knew Hermione would push him for details he didn't have. Plus, as witness for the prosecution, she should not even be anywhere near Harry that morning. "When is Draco Malfoy due to arrive?" Harry leaned over and kissed her on her sleek, dun-brown hair, his eyes closing, threatening not to open again as he did so. At least he might be able to kip down in Arthur Weasley's office for a little while, having no office himself, being only temporarily filling in for his mum, who had always worked from home. There was not a chance in Hades he would be missing the Witengamot, not with his brother answering charges, his own artefacts coming to bear upon the proceedings and his fiance bearing witness to the character of Henrietta Edwards. "This morning. The Witengamot will begin at noon, like the old Saxon Witans after which they are named," Hermione explained. "You know I said that the non-wizard Prime-Minister would just be present in order to witness proceedings for the non-wizard community?" She leaned forward, casting a dim shadow from the only window in the chamber, onto the checked floor by their feet, moving her knees over towards him. "Yes? "I don't think that will be strictly true. We have't had a witengamot since - " " - since 937, when the non-wizard King Aethelstan united the British Isles and stopped the Vikings from re-invading - " " - yes, and how did he do that, without leaving alone the local wizards and witches in each town? He is a very under-rated King, if you ask me; he left us well alone, and bought proper peace to the country, like Alfred the Great, his grandfather." "I didn't know you knew so much about history, 'Mione," nodded Harry, with a good deal of satisfaction. Normally is was he who was the bearer of interesting facts, due to his job, but knew so few wanted to hear them. But the soft "puffing" near his shoulder meant that, like him, Hermione was also exhausted for, like him, she had probably had little sleep as she prepared for today and, while the stress did not show – yet – it would be simmering away below the surface, ready to manifest itself at a later date. A ray of sunlight, weak and dispassionate, found its way to the window behind them, and made a feeble attempt at illumination. Harry put his head on Hermione's and the two of them slept their immediate tiredness away for a few hours until they were discovered by three court imps whose job it was to prepare for the witengamot. You might not think that a hefty kick in the shins would do it for the sleeping pair from some six-inch magical creatures, but their toes came sharp and, close to twelve, midday, Harry returned, rather more refreshed, but a good deal more tense, to more or less the same seat overlooking the court below. 88888888 In the Supreme Mugwump's chair sat tall, well-built wizard, limestone-white hair swept back into a bow, piercing blue eyes which spoke the words that he was yet to. European President Draco Malfoy, whose presence had not gone un-noticed by several of the female witches in the Ministry upon his arrival, stood, on the bell-strike of twelve, the bell being that of Big Ben, whose chimes had been conveyed down to the chamber by means of a non-wizard radio, in keeping with the spirit of non-wizard/wizard relations. Harry knew that they would not be hearing the last of that from Mick Mullen for a good while after the trial was over. Surrounding him, in the small spectators' gallery, and craning over for a better view, were his parents, his mum frantically waving her arm towards Sam, who was sitting next to Caelius, chosen to represent the facts of the evening of the Halloween Games, with Sam included in them, the boy a witness, technically, Caelius had explained, rather than a defendant. But from where his elder brother was standing, thirty feet and forty-five degrees up, it looked more the opposite. Sam smiled back a little, trying to look brave, and a tear welled up in Harry's eye. He had never seen his brother that nervous before; and here at an enquiry too. He knew – everyone knew – Sam was not here to be brought to justice in any way – the witengamot was there to establish the facts surrounding the night of the Halloween Games and the attacks perpetrated against non-wizards in the breaking of the glass, the message to "destroy those misborn", the alleged conjurists. "Sirius felt he wasn't up to coming," James Potter explained, his face lined and more tired than ever Harry had seen it, crinkling into a half-smile when he noticed his elder son had come over to them, "but sends his love. Mick and Bathsheba are holding the fort – we couldn't miss this for Sam." Indeed not, thought Harry. None of us could. We couldn't miss it for a lot of other reasons too, but Sam, oh dear, yes. His poor, darling little brother...in all but name, this was a trial. A trial of what, he wasn't sure of, yet. But to have their eighteen-year-old son escorted from school under guard to the Ministry by Severus Snape in order to give evidence, evidence which must corroborate everything that about ten-thousand people who had borne witness to the Games' events, which proceeded the night of terror perpetrated, it appeared, against non-wizards. Harry peered down now as the chamber filled up again – more wizards now appeared in the chamber below: ministry wizards, this was true, those from the British Ministry's Cabinet: the ancient wizard, Furnace, of the Hovel Office had creaked his way, with help, into one of the front oak benches opposite the Mugwump chair, the first of the Cabinet to arrive save Caelius, and he gave the Minister for Magic a quavering grin as he waved his arm towards him. Across from him, a second wizard approached: this time James Potter raised a hand to Arthur Weasley, whose red hair made a sharp contrast to the muted, monochrome interior of the chamber. Disregarding protocol, Arthur waved back, abandoning for the moment, a plan of the chamber, which he had rolled out on an oak bench opposite Peaceable Furnace. As Head of the Ministry for Non-Wizards, Harry assumed that Mr Weasley's role would connect to that of the Non-Wizard Prime Minister, who would be in attendance. Harry's mum glanced over to Draco Malfoy, who had noticed the oversight of protocol. Demescue Goole, the Head of the Aurors, and James's boss, who was standing next to Arthur, co-organising, looked up at him, shaking his head, more out of humoured despair than annoyance. The situation was that bad; every day was that bad: every hour. In the last year, Harry supposed, the Aurors had seen their workload triple, probably more, because of the heightened tensions between conjurists and non-wizards...security, reassurance, false alarms, more visibility of Aurors around hotspots in the country – open areas, coasts, areas of high concentrations of non-wizards where trouble may begin. Co-operation with the non-wizard police, something which Harry knew to have been highly amusing had the many times they had had to work together not also been highly serious. "He looks terrible!" Lily Potter's face was a mask of anxiety as she turned to address her husband, who pulled her closer in, stroking her back. Harry looked down watching, as Caelius gave a short monologue to his brother who, on its completion, hung his head and he felt his heart lurch. His brother should not be here; he shouldn't have had to be brought here that morning by Snape, in ignominy, from school, missing out on a mid-season quidditch match, and a quibball fly-around...having to feel like this! It was bad enough that his entire eighteenth birthday was overshadowed by all of this trouble. Not only that, his mother – Harry's exhausted eyes looked across to her – face cumpled with perpetual worry and sleep deprivation; Dad had even taken her out for the afternoon away just to get away from everything – the loss of their house, the constant Reciprocator shifts...like a child, he had stepped past the door one day the week before, at Grimmauld Place, only to step back, overhearing his father sharing his worries about his mum with Molly Weasley, who had given her soothing advice, that this potential threat to Sam's career was the straw that had pushed her to her limit, and that once things had calmed down, once the threats in the streets were fewer, and they weren't needed to work to death supporting Goole's Aurors, who themselves were overburdened, then she may find her strength again. Behind him, the murmering was growing louder as more people entered the gallery around him; feet shuffled and chairs scraped. Harry looked around as a few other wizards he knew gathered in; some from the hovel office; some part-time Aurors. He nodded, half-heartedly, glancing at his mum again, who was clutching his dad's hand tightly and leaning over the balustrade, her red hair glinting in the candle-light as she tensely cransd over towards Sam. Down in the chamber, on the oak seating, just to the right of Sam, Jane Jones, Head of Wizardly Transport, had entered the chamber, gone back out and looked in, a little bemused, before leaving, gold sparks showing that she had closed the door from the outside again, using her wand. Moments later, the edge of the door frame glowed furnace-red, before swinging open. The tall witch stepped back through, standing astride, her wand aloft. Around her, the candls flickered in time with her wand-stroke. As one, the people below in the chamber took their seats, looking towards Draco Malfoy, who had his blue eyes fixed on the Head of Transport as, next to her, another figure appeared, much larger than her, slightly stooped, and was met by Caelius Lupin, who had padded across the stone floor to the British Prime Minister, who was, given his due, not looking as bewildered as others of his status had done in past emergencies when their presence had been required "below the Capital" and the Minister for Magic guided Gordon Brown over towards the neutral witnesses seating, to the left of the Supreme Mugwump. And so, the morning began, which wove on to a lunchtime, and headed on to cumbersome afternoon. The Witan itself, composed of Prime Minister Brown himself representing the Non-wizards, Malfoy as the Supreme Mugwump representing European wizards, and Caelius Lupin representing the case for the wizards, took up places in the back centre of the chamber. House imps, one by one, called forward witnesses to bear testimony, the second to last before Hervet Herbert, head of Defence, witnessing that Mendel Felixssohn had indeed produced a book, revered by thousands of wizards throughout the country – and the continent - called "The Art of the Wize", which he had purchased for home use, an act which, though illegal under current law, was, nonetheless, a commonplace transaction, so widespread the book's influence. The words, curling and twisting in the candlelight, were clear for the Witan to see as Herbert held the wriggling book tight, his arm aloft., Harry felt himself leaning forward too. The book was, on its own, indeed, just a book, something which purported to discuss the history of wizards from the ancient days when those with untamed magic roamed the country, setting up monoliths to better channel energy, or to leave messages for other groups of neolithic inhabitants. And, admitted Herbert, Harry noticing that he refused to look at Caelius Lupin as he did so, rather, he turned and addressed Draco Malfoy, under Scottish law, where the books were produced, it was the job of the Witan to prove that Felixssohn intended to incite hatred with the wording within rather than the old wizard, one-time teacher at Durmstrang before chancing it over in Britain, standing forward as the first witness, proving his innocence. "But, of course," Caelius interrupted, just the last few words of Hervert Herbert's speech, but enough to ensure he would be next to make his point, leaping to his feet to continue the prosecution's case and eyeing Felixssohn with distain, "your book, researched and formulated to such detail – I would like to congratulate you on this - " he added. Mendel Felixssohn nodded in acknowledgement, his long wispy beard nodding gracefully, " - yet you had not the foresight to consider editing your work for your audience? Do you not accept that some parts of your work are, let us say, controversial?" "Indeed not," counter-argued the aged research wizard, "all of the facts are incontrovertible. None can be found to be at fault." At this, a small murmur began with the audience, but all Harry noticed was a small expression change cross Caelius's features. He had seen that same change happen before, not least when he had succeeded in banishing Cecila Lupin across the North Sea under the pretext she was both a vital cog in security, and a danger that needed containing. "Incontrovertible," Caelius replied, "well, I have to admit to not having read it. However, it is not the factual content to which I am referring," he added, savouring his expectation with relish. "I am referring to the moral and ethical means with which you have handled the subject matter, the reason, indeed, the Ministry Cabinet took measures to issue a ban on the sale." "Oh, really?" Mendel Felixssohn's uncalled for interruption betrayed what appeared to be genuine shock at the Minister for Magic's explanation. "Yes," insisted Caelius, "ethical, and moral. That you declared non-wizards to be "sub-bestial", that is to say, animals are higher in wizards' considerations than the non-wizard! "Indeed they are, some of them," returned Felixssohn, "in that some animals – cats, for example, toads, mice, frogs...magical creatures!" His brow furrowed. "Indeed, perhaps the minister may wish to read Newt Scamander's most excellent book, detailing - " "I am most familiar with Newt Scamander's book!" shouted Caelius, his face turning red as one or two titters of jocularity echoed for a second within the chamber. "There are many hundreds, if not thousands of moral transgressions against non-wizards, Professor Felixssohn! That is to say, by failing to consider your audience, you have inadvertently allowed less intelligent wizards in our society form opinions about non-wizards without due care and attention to the intended consequences. For that reason, we chose to restrict sales of the book. However, several thousand black marked copies flourished, and my esteemed colleague Mr Herbert, and his Aurors have had, in effect, their time wasted, attempting to enforce the ban." "Well, it must have been very popular, then," concluded Felixssohn, face stone-like, and replying to Caelius with no hint of comedy in his voice. Either the man was attempting to make the biggest fool of the Minister for Magic than anyone in the world would ever dare, thought Harry, as he looked down at the little wizard, or he was a single-minded, naive simpleton. Caelius ignored him, but stepped lightly towards Malfoy. "Prosecution number 1 of the day, before the Witan of Friday, 30th November, 2009, to whit: the defendant, Professor Mendel Boris Felixssohn did neglect in his duty in protecting all citizens of Great Britain and Northern Ireland." Harry's eyes shot over to Draco Malfoy, who was sitting so high up in the Supreme Mugwump's chair. He knew about Witans, of course, theoretically. But one had not sat for over twelve hundred years – was this really how it was supposed to unfold? The defendant, in this case, Felixssohn, was now allowed to defend himself, whereupon the members of the Witan would decide for themselves whether the defendant was guilty or not. Should the vote be split, the Supreme Mugwump had the deciding vote. Caelius offered for the Professor of what could be argued to have caused the most trouble, Auror and reciprocactor time, damage to property, displacement of homeless, expense and, indeed, deaths, in the last nine months his chance to defend himself. Felixssohn said nothing. "In the case of Prosecution Number 1, how does the Witan decide?" For a moment there was deathly silence. No-one moved, not in the chamber, where the Draco Malfoy, Hervert Herbert, Caelius Lupin and Gordon Brown sat, in the higher up ring of the chamber; not in the outer circle below them, where the rest of the Ministry of Magic, the European Ministry, Felixssohn, Sam Potter and his girlfriend Crystallia Brandt now sat, shown to her place by Minister Jones , both witnesses called by Caelius for what would undoubtedly be Prosecution Number 2, Thales Blewitt and Mark Swales, both immobile, waiting for judgment to be called. No-one in the witness section, where Hermione now sat, moved either, as if a twitch or a nudg or a word would spoil the moment that was justice being done. And no-one around Harry moved either, as they watched, motionless, downwards, as Draco Malfoy raised a hand. "Under Scottish law, a subsection of the law of Great Britain and Northern Ireland that is devolved, under which this court stands bound, we find the case against Felixssohn:" He looked around to Caelius, Hervert Herbert and to the non-wizard Prime-Minister. The two wizards held up their wands. Gordon Brown, clearly briefed on the proceedings of an ancient magical rite and playing his part, held out his hand, as would an Anglo-Saxon noble in a comparable non-wizardly Witan. "Not proven." Gordon Brown withdrew his hand as he gave his verdict. "Proven!" Hervert Herbert's wand flashed red sparks as it descended vertically to his side. "Proven!" Declared Caelius Lupin, drawing a similar vertical line. The people waited: what would happen now? Three had given their verdicts. Yet, Draco Malfoy, as Supeme Mugwump had the casting vote if there was a tie. Mendel Boris Felixssohn, whose beard was now busy tying and retying his own bootlaces, seemed to be on another planet. Malfoy withdrew his wand. "Not proven." Chatter erupted all around. To remain impartial, Harry knew, the witan must not splinter and cleave. However the look on Caelius's face would be enough to freeze oceans and begin an ice age. "Let it be recorded," Draco Malfoy concluded, as imps from both the British Magical Ministry, European Ministry and a secretary, who had accompanied Gordon Brown, a thin-faced man in a grey suit who looked as if he'd never seen the sun and that the briefcase he was holding weighed more than he did, leaned over a large manuscript, writing at pace, " that Prosecution Number 1, Professor Mendel Boris Felixssohn did not neglect in his duty in protecting all citizens of Great Britain and Northern Ireland. However," Malfoy paused, his long hair flicking a little as he did so, "the book has inadvertently caused prejudicial disharmony in this country. As a result, from now henceforth, all copies are to be collected and returned to Professor Felixssohn, their owners reimbursed - " " - I gave them away - " muttered Mendel Felixssohn, to no-one in particular. " - their owners happy to be free of a divisive text, happy in the knowledge that they are doing a duty to their fellow non-wizard citizens. In addition, any wizard knowingly retaining, storing or copying the text is liable for prosecution, as will be any wizard who knowingly keeps from the authorities, magical, or non-magical, information that pertains to a wizard retaining the text." Around him, the scratching of pen on paper next to the Prime-Minister; quill on parchment, and small intakes of breath as wizards spoke to one another as they contemplated their immediate future as the law was being put into statute before their very eyes. "And now, Prosection Number 2, that of conjurism on the night of 30th October 2009." Hervert Herbert, Head of Domestic Wizardly Security, stood up and began to discuss the details for the benefit of the witan. It was hardly for the benefit of anyone else; all present had, in one way or another, been affected by the events, and the day – today – had finally come where a concrete outcome could be had as a result. "I call my first witness – ", Harry looked across to Sam Potter, but to his, and, it seemed, everyone's surprise, not least to Sam's himself, it was Hermione who was called to take the stand. Harry could see she was shaking. He knew she wanted to lose weight before the wedding April, but constant work, skipping lunches, and worry about today's witan was hardly the healthiest of ways. Not that Harry could see anything that needed to be dieted – to him, Hermione was beautiful. But not living as she did, doing the job she did. Oh yes, the money was good for them, but when she looked so delicate and fragile, was it worth it? Down below, Hemione seemed to sway a little as she stood there, like a branch bowing in a wind, before stepping out of the pew-like seating, walking along the aisle past Caelius and Sam, nodding at Draco Malfoy, her boss, before standing where Mendel Felixssohn had done not ten minutes before, at the very centre of the area. Not one hair out of place, thought Harry. Suit pressed, shoes polished. She had been up all night going over her small part in all of this. But how was her evidence relating to Henrietta Edwards relevant to the night where all the glass was broken and the message, haunting and sickening, was heard by everyone in the country that night. "Auld Magic, true magic, destroy those misborn, the way is thin, join us!" A gasp went up from the wizards around Harry, as the words, just as he was thinking about them, came to life again, in his mind. In everyone else's mind too. There was a scuffle near the balcony-edge as some of the wizards who had got there late surged forward to get a better look, squashing some of the others. "Hang on!" yelled Harry, "just watch out!" he added, as a large, black-haired witch stood on his foot. Below them though, it soon became clear that the words had been said by Malfoy himself, and not etherally, as they had been on that night. Had it really been necessary to say them at all? "Those words," began Hervert Herbert, "have been the catalyst, the permission, in this country, to allow Professor Felixssohn's ideas, in the form of the Auld Magic, to be transformed into the embodiment of hatred towards non-magical people. By the very language used," the wizard went on, his pale head bobbing as he spoke, addressing not Hermione now, but the chamber's witnesses, and those witnessing him speak, "incited what some may have had hidden inside them, in cases us, as Aurors, have dealt in every one of our working days, to unalloyed bigotry against the half of the population of this country. We have," he continued, his head still bobbing, and now complementing this bob with a steady pace around the gap between the upper and lower seating in the chamber, worked tirelessly in order to decipher the meaning of this message." Hervert stopped his pace, which to Harry always looked as if he was imitating a contemplative chicken. As Head Auror, Harry had smiled to himself over it often; now, looking back, having spent so long immersed in wizarding history – which had been sold to him as "temporary" - it felt like a wistful memory. "Miss Grainger, you work for the European Ministry, is this correct?" Hermione said nothing for a moment, the Head Auror's sudden question to her a clear momentary shock, from which she quickly recovered. "Yes, Mr Herbert." Her crisp words echoed clearly and assuredly. Hermione was not on trial today, Harry knew. But, for the message sent a month ago, and the Prosecution being against conjurism, in a way she was; they all were, simply for being wizards. For being a wizard meant that, in some way, you could be seen as a danger to non-wizards. Even Caelius's action, in removing the ill non-wizards, though for a different reason, could be interpreted as such. "And, you were close friends with Miss Henrietta Edwards?" "We worked together; we were colleagues." "And, when Miss Edwards was found dead, you were at work?" "I was at work when I heard the news," Hermione agreed. "I was, like everyone else, devastated." "And, you were the last to see her?" "Yes." "It has since been shown that, rather than being a loyal and honourable reciprocator, as I know you knew her to be, Henrietta Edwards, along with an elf by the name of Vincento, once in the employ of the British Ministry, as a Mysteriour, are, or should I say, were, agents of conjurists unknown as yet, on the continent of Europe itself, whose sole responsibility it was to provide information to said conjurists and to plant seditious information – pamphlets, books, such as ones by the esteemed Professor Felixssohn - " " - bravo!" agreed Felixssohn, his beard now two braids which were tying themselves into bows. Harry looked across to his parents at this news; Henrietta had been one of their friends, and a reciprocator. He was glad he couldn't see his mum's face now, her hair hung like a gold sheet down over the balcony as she strained to hear the proceedings. He watched his father place a hand over hers, and felt his own heart compress a little more than it already was, at the fact of his younger brother having been called to witness at the witan, and Hermione, below, continuing to literally be at the centre of the room. "Both,", continued Hervert Herbert, in his slow, methodical manner, "though unknown, were public enemies number 1 and 2 respectfully, though we had no evidence until the night of the 30th October that either Vincento or Henrietta Edwards were the two traitors we were looking for - " At the word "traitor", an eruption of whispering grew from the chamber below, which caught on, like wildfire on an African plain, in the viewing gallery: Herbert had declared Henrietta Edwards a traitor now, and Vincento, too. What evidence did he have to be so certain? "Indeed, indeed," agreed Herbert, "what evidence do we have?" He looked across at Hermione, who looked back at the Head Auror determinedly. "You were last to see Miss Edwards, before her disappearance, as established in the equiry into her death last month at the European Court?" "Yes," nodded Hermione. "I had finished having dinner with the Pfimlins in Strasbourg, before my promotion. Henrietta was at the office too; I'd returned after the dinner – I went to collect some work that I wanted to complete. She was already there, poring over her work; parchments, it seemed." "My thanks to you, Miss Grainger," nodded Chief Auror Herbert, nodding his head, chicken-like as he paced nearer to her. "That you have confirmed that here and now to the witan is what we need." He bowed his head, opening his arm, palm facing Hermione, gesturing towards her chair. Hermione bowed her head, as was customary, to Draco Malfoy, as Supreme Mugwump as she walked assuredly back to her seat, relief overcoming her features. She caught Harry's eye, and he smiled at her. All over now, it said. All over for her, he returned, and she closed her eyes in apology, before looking across to her fiancė's brother. Sam's face, though trying to look brave, was one built on a foundation of fear. Next to him, Cystallia Brandt, who too had been sent for to give evidence from the night of the 30th, and had also been brought to the witan-chamber by Severus Snape early that morning, also gave her best "being brave" face, though her slim, long features were doing a better job of carrying them off than Sam. "Indeed, we have evidence, clear magical forensic evidence, not viable until very recently, that both the witch Henrietta Edwards and the elf Vincento, under the thrall of person/persons as yet unknown, but known to operate a network of spies – of Conjurists – over the whole continent of Europe." Hervert Herbert had begun his vague chicken impression walk again as he shared the evidence with all assembled, talking slowly and deliberately, and pausing for breath, or emphasis, Harry was neve quite sure even when he had worked for the Auror office, getting as high as Head of Section before being moved on to the historical research. He and Ron had called him "Herbert the Hen" to one another when the Chief had got into his stepping-talking way of explaining. "The pamphlets, distributed to meeting points of conjurists, yes, those which were declared illegal, and the new ones which were set up shortly afterwards, have been proved beyond all doubt, by the European Magical Forensics Department, as having been duplicated by Miss Edwards. Another wizard has been proven to be connected, and at present, is missing, with a international arrest order to his name, Hilaire Beauchamps. Break-ins and artefacts stolen from the British Ministry, some of which have been recovered, have been shown to have been stolen by the elf Vincento, with clear access in his role as a Mysteriour." Herbert stopped mid-step, pivoting and looking towards the witan-members. Gordon Brown, who, in spite of taking all this in his professional stride - it wasn't every day that the Prime Minister was called to pass judgment at a magical inquest – stared a little agog. Yes, Harry thought, the man definitely had his mouth open a little while he took everything in as if it were routine, mundane. Perhaps it was to him, a little voice told him in his head. Maybe this is what commons sessions were like, listening to judgments and verdicts and decisions all day. Just not about magical malpractice that involved the whole country. "To that end, we have no doubt that both Henrietta Edwards and Vincento the elf, fomerly of the employ as a Mysteriour in the Ministry of Magic, are conjurists and are, in light of their current state of health, being dead, declared so in their passing. Those words which terrorised so many exactly a month ago can be traced back to them, amongst others. I propose this to the witan for ratification." The chicken turned into a bird as Hervert Herbert swished his cloak dramatically, his pale eyes embracing the witan-members. Caleius Lupin returned the look; Gordon Brown nodded, then looked away – what did that mean? Thought Harry. It was Draco Malfoy who spoke for all of them. "Indeed," the Supreme Mugwump replied, his words as smooth as every speech he had ever given and betraying nothing of the fact that Henrietta had been in a senior politician in his government in Strasbourg, and it had been under his parliament that she had got away with these treacherous acts against wizard-kind, despite an inquest from the European Parliament declaring the death of an innocent woman being an act of murder or one of misadventure. "It has been proved beyond reasonable doubt. I saw, from the very first moment that I met Miss Edwards that she was of singular intellect, and to have decieved us all for so long goes only to reinforce the fact. Under the law, the judgment against Henrietta Edwards, and Vincento, is, regrettably, proven." A sound, like a great sigh, lifted across the chamber. That was damning, even by the standards of the wizards there. But, thought Harry, recalling the conversation that Caelius and his father had been having the night before last, how could Malfoy not come to such a conclusion if the evidence was irrefutable? The alleged conjurists, Swales and Blewitt, who had, up until that moment, remained silent – their turn next, no doubt – must be found to be guilty if there was enough evidence against them, and so, it seems, if Henrietta had been involved – and the evidence had to be watertight – then there would be traceability to them. Should they be prosecuted, they could be also taken down for the crime of harbouring half-breeds, something which, of course, the stone-souled Caelius would, of course, deeply desire to happen because of poor Remus who, according to his father, wasn't exactly dying in St. Mungo's, but was far from thriving either, despite Snape's best efforts. Harry then plucked up the courage to look to his left and, within milliseconds wished he hadn't. He thought his mother had looked ill before the trial had begun; these prosecutions – this prosecution, albeit posthumously – had condemned her best friend as being the worst of the worst wizards, and it had been declared at a witan, almost exactly the same as a Wizengamot. There was no coming back from that, no redemption for her friend's reputation. The anguish was deeply embedded on her face in places where Harry thought no more anguish could be etched. At least his father appeared calm, holding Lily's hand as her copper-coloured hair sparkled in the candle-light. "Oh, mum," was all that Harry could manage. Later, he wondered whether it was enough. But what could he do about anything to help her? He had felt his heart jump when she took his hand in hers, holding it firmly as if her life depended on it. He just held on, as the sea of people behind them jostled for position, as they moved and pushed to get a better view. This time though, not Thales Blewitt and Mark Swales being called to the centre but Caelius Lupin, Caelius in the middle of the chamber where the witnesses stood. What was he to bear witness about, thought Harry? What about those two, though, those so-called conjurists? Those who had brought the half-breeds which had attacked Remus and Sirius. Those who, Harry knew, Caelius had evidence, and lots of evidence, of them being present, and leading conjurist meetings. He stared at the wizards' impassioned faces. They would be as guilty as Henrietta, there could be no doubt. "And so," Caelius Lupin got to his feet, stumbling over his words a little as he did so, but remaining firm in his intent, "I call upon - " Harry looked across to Blewitt and Swales. But, that was not where Caelius was looking. He opened his palm. Around him, three balls of glowing light, not unlike the seed-heads of dandelions, floated. They came to rest on the oak lectern in front of him, their etheral light emanating like glow-worms, or "Will-o'the-Wisp". "Evidence submitted - anonymously - " Caelius made sure that the word was emphasised for the witan secretary-imps as they busied themselves frantically documenting proceedings, at 11.59am, Friday 30th November 2009." "He's doing it by the book," whispered James Potter to his son, as Caelius waved his hand in the space above the three spheres. "No room for error; no "getting off on a technicality". I wonder what evidence they will - " But before Harry's dad could go any further, the whole chamber was suddenly filled by a blackness, which erupted from the first sphere. It was as if something had expanded to fill the space, sucking all of the light and sound out of the place. And yet, they were all there, at the periphery, like an audience on the edge of a chasm somewhere. Unconsciously, Harry put his right arm out and gripped the balustrade railing tightly. "What would you do for the internship?" The voice echoed around the chamber clearly, and then melted away almost as soon as it began. Harry strained into the blackness to see if he could discern anything that was there. The outline of a people, maybe? It was too dark to be sure. "What would you do?" "Anything." The word bit into Harry's heart like a knife-blade. He knew that voice anywhere. "I'd do anything." As the blackness faded, Harry stared down towards the defence seating, where his brother sat. Sam Potter, his cheeks flushed, sat stock still, refusing to move his head up towards the gallery, to where he knew Harry and his parents would be. Could it be true...? And it was not just Harry who had come to that conclusion: behind them whispers of, "Sam Potter" and "down there" could be heard, along with shuffling and murmuring. Below them, and next to Caelius, Hervert Herbert stode across. "Can we verify the date, Mr. Lupin?" "The Unspeakables have confirmed both a date, time and location." "And, as it has already been stated," Herbert was at pains to point out, "the evidence was submitted anonymously?" "That is indeed correct." "Mr. Lupin," continued Herbert, striding past Caelius, bowlegged as his gait usually was, "am I right in thinking that this year Hedgewards, through your sterling effort and ambition, opened its doors for the irst time to non-wizards?" "Indeed, Mr. Herbert," nodded Caelius. Not news to anyone, Harry thought, but looking more and more contrived as dad said it could do. "The schoolchilden needed their misconceptions challenged and, I daresay, the non-wizard children had enthusistic parents who wished to diversify their own offsprings' education." "However," continued Herbert, warming to the topic, "the experiment has now been cancelled? Due to ill health?" "Suspended temporarily," corrected Caelius, looking firmly at Hervert Herbert. Harry risked a glance at Hermione. What was she thinking? He would have given anything for her to be by him, giving him her lengthy, detailed opinion. To think he was missing her know-it-all-ness just at the moment. "Several of the children became unwell shortly before Halloween. We chose to return them to their families lest their prolonged stay in a magical environment exacerbated matters for them." "So you think that being in a magical environment for a non-wizard is dangerous?" "It's always dangerous," Caelius smiled. "You should know that better than anyone, Mr Herbert! However, I took the precaution for the welfare of the children before we undertook an investigation, rather than prolonging their stay at the school. They are due to return to us after the Christmas holidays. In fact, I have several letters from other non-wizard parents who are expressing – no! demanding places for their children too! I soon may have to have serious discussions with Professor Snape on expansion of the school to accommodate all those interested, or set up a selection process. I confess," he added, "I never did predict such a thing when first I imagined it." "And, in your scheme, the internships that the evidence-memory declared to us, these are also your idea?" "In conjunction with Draco Malfoy, Madam Legarde of Beauxbatons and Professor Broeck of Durmstrang. A scheme to allow the brightest and most disciplined seventh-year student an opportunity to learn the skills of a European Parliamentary member in Strasbourg. A life-changing experience." "Indeed," inhaled Herbert, " and one which Professor Snape and yourself have since denied to the son of the defendant Thales Blewitt due to conduct at Hedgewards?" "Indeed, regrettably so. The rules are very clear. Anyone displaying less than exemplary conduct would automatically be withdrawn from the internment." At his words, the room fell silent, for it would seem that Caelius's words, Harry thought, might best sum up his little brother's cause. Eliminate the opposition, so he would have the only place through from Hedgewards to Strasbourg. Only... ...only...he knew Sam. Sam didn't operate that way; Sam did not bear grudges or cheat. He would rather walk away with nothing than cheat for a place. And yet...he, Harry, and everyone there, heard Sam's voice saying that he would do anything for the internment. And, of course, he had destroyed Septimus Lupin's broom at the Halloween Games Lower Hunt. But, there was no evidence, or, very little. What could be proven? And then, all at once, the words summoning his little brother to bear witness were declared and, in Caelius's place "Samuel James Potter" was there, taller than Harry remembered, a lot paler, but head high. No humility there; his was going to be a testimony of truth, no matter what the truth was. Good on him, thought Harry. But be careful, he willed his little brother. Be careful what you say; Caelius needs you to say what he needs for the result that they want, and I have this feeling if you don't say the things he wants you to, he will hang you out to dry for it. "On the night of the 30th October 2009, in the grounds of Hedgwards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, you destroyed the broom of one Septimus Lupin," began Demescue Goole, Head of the Aurors. Silence, like the anthithesis of sound, seemed to disperse from Sam as he stood there, the words coating him in blame. However, when he spoke, he did not deny it. Moreover, he gave the evidence of a young man, indeed, thought Harry, as he heard his little brother speak, the evidence of a young man as cut out for politics and government if ever there was one. Harry held his mother's hand a little tighter again, this time out of pride – his brother, their son, defending himself with grace and maturity. "And, did you, or did you not declare to the defendant's son Fraser Blewitt that you would do anything for the internship? You are applying for an internship at the end of the year at the European Ministry? Under the European President?" continued Goole, his sharp eyes ever the interrogators in his stoic, lithic face. "Er, well, yes I am, but - " "So you would stoop so low as to destroy a child's broom in order to meet that end?" "No!" protested Sam, his cool dropping for a moment. "I didn't do that – it was shown that..." but Goole was staring him into silence again. This was what made the man second-to-none in his job: he could interrogate in his sleep; he could interrogate magical creatures. But he was objective and notoriously fair. He would take no sides, he was unbribeable. Goole was taking a few steps past Sam, darting a look in his direction as a cat might its prey. "You were seen by thousands of people destroying Septimus Lupin's broom - " "Well, that happened, as I have said," agreed Sam, "but - " the boy looked desperately around him. "It has been proven that I wasn't in control of the spell – it had been planted into my wand, as you very well know, Minister of Magic." He looked at Caelius as he did so, for confirmation. "Perhaps - " "Perhaps, if you could explain to me." A soft, Edinburgh burr came from behind Caelius. The non-wizard prime minister was talking now, and addressing Sam, or possibly Caelius Lupin. "What confirmation has the lad had, Minister?" Caelius paused, just for the briefest of moments. The usually calm and calculated Minister had clearly not accounted for that, thought Harry, as Dave Mullen's words appeared in his head again about coincidences and contrivances. "Indeed, the Ministry removed Mister Potter's wand on the evening of Halloween Games. It was analysed by the Unspeakables, our Mysteriours being somewhat engaged - " Or dead, and now declared traitor, thought Harry, wryly. " - and the spell appears to have been very sophisticatedly grafted onto Septimus's wand, primed to be releasd at an exact moment. Presumably to cause maximum disruption to the Games at the times that the Halloween attacks began." Caelius looked back towards Gordon Brown, who nodded, clearly satisfied. Harry would never think ill of non-wizards again, he told himself, not by the ignorance Hermione showed, and had non-wizard parents, but anything. He craned down. Demescue Goole, his greying blonde hair, unusually short for a wizard, shimmering in the lamplight, was back up, and eyeing his prey again. "Oho!" he declared, "so you are saying Mister Potter, that destroying Septimus Lupin's Lightningshot was not a method by which you hoped to do anything for your internship?" At this, the volume of voices behind him mushroomed, and then shrank back as the wizards and witches craned to hear the answer. "Yes! No! I mean, I didn't -" "And you claim, on the night of - " Goole looked down on a scrap of parchment in his hand," the second of October, at eleven seventeen post meridian, that you were not in the company of Fraser Blewitt and Henry Swales in the west corridor of the Hedgewards Castle – an out-bounds area at night, even for Heads of House and prefects?" "No." This time Sam's voice was steady. He had composed himself and he too was addressing those people assembled clearly and calmly. "No, Minister Goole I was not. I would never be. Whatever the evidence you have here, maybe polyjuice potion? It's not me. I was not there, nor would I ever be, trading secrets, threats or promises with a conjurist." There was a gasp, as one, at Sam's implication. Harry looked down at Swales and Blewitt again. That it was their trial, and they were yet to stand up and account for themselves...something didn't seem right, a part of Harry's mind told him. But his fore-brain was, like everyone else's focused on Sam. "Then, where were you?" Harry felt his mum's hand tighten again. "With me." Crystallia Brandt, her long, blonde hair, like a silver waterfall down her back of her Hedgewards robes, got to her feet and moved steadily towards Harry's little brother. "I apologise if this is contempt of court, sir," she looked at Draco Malfoy, "however, under the circumstances, I feel that the truth needs to be told." "Do continue, Miss Brandt." The Supreme Mugwump nodded his head. "On the night that you say, Minister Goole, he was with me." "And, how can you be so sure of the date and time?" pressed Demescue Goole, ignoring the audience's views on the matter, which to Harry were simmering in the form outrage to scandal, seasoned with the occasional opinion in Scandinavian progressiveness and Severus Snape's responsibilities stretching so thin he had been inept, or blind-eyed. "Because, sir, it was the second of October," explained the young witch, her face impassive at the scandal that she had shared with quite a good deal of people. "I was saddened, as I am always, that my mother is absent, so far away. I wished to contact her, but, of course, within Hedgewards that is impossible. Sam is often with me. We share our time together. We are a couple, Minister Goole. And your question implies the specificity of the date and time from the image stamp? Why, it is my birthday and Sam had brought me a present." In her hand, which she had opened to show Demescue Goole and, by extension, the whole Witan, was a piece of what looked like glass, which shimmered in a variety of colours. Harry didn't know what to make of it, but his mother murmured a word – watchstone. "Watchstone?" repeated Harry. "You're right," said Mick Mullen, who had crept in beside the Potters and was sitting to Harry's right-hand side. "It helps to calm her symptoms. A truthteller absorbs all of the future memories of a person they have just met in an instant – just think of the strain on a person's mind to carry that around with them all day. But, with a watchstone, it absorbs a lot of this power, making the burden easier to bear." Before Harry could press either of them, or even to comment that the watchstone was very like a pensieve, Goole leaned towards it, and then looked at Crystallia in the way that someone might look at a person who might suddenly lean forward and bite. "A seer," he said plainly. "Indeed. I see the future, like my mother, and her mother before her. Not to influence it, not to tamper with it – my skills are fully absent in these areas. Just to see the future, no more or less. Unbidden." "Ah yes, your mother is the famous Ragnhild Andersson, currently incarcerated at the Durmstrang Institute." Goole folded his arms as if that closed the matter: the girl was half-mad; the boy had spent the night with her and had not, therefore been in the corridor and threatened to "do anything" for an internship, including anything being conjurist activities. If he, Harry, could rationalise this, then the much cleverer Witan jurors would too. "I would not describe her position there as incarcerated, sir," replied Crystallia evenly, her voice a synonym of her name, "in as much as yours might be inaccurately described as elevated in professional standing beyond all reasonable expectation. Her vision is such that it has begun to torment her more and more." "Ha! A teller of fortunes!", Goole dismissed, ignoring the obvious ironic slight. "So, tell me, Miss Brandt, what ill wind will become of me? Will I die very old and rich?" He laughed, mockingly. "You, sir., shall live until are one hundred and seventeen. You will die when your house catches fire as you turn away a group of very young halloween children who leave behind their Jack-O-Lantern on your wicker door mat that they had forgotten to take with them, in their upset at your meanness to them. And you, Mr. Herbert you will - " "That is quite enough." Draco Malfoy picked up his hand, halting Crystallia in her flow. "I believe you are having these good gentlemen on; you have declared that you cannot read the future only channel it, your response being a lighthearted jest to their ribbing to your particular Seer skills," he added, a pinch of warning in his voice, suggesting that this wasn't the way witnesses were to be questioned in his Witan. "You can verify your boyfriend's whereabouts?" "Yes," nodded Crystallia. "Caelius Lupin?" "Yes?" "Please instruct your Unspeakables to examine the authenticity of this memory, with respect to this case." "Indeed." "And now, we will adjourn for the present time. Following a short recess, the defendents Swales and Blewitt will be heard and a verdict with respect to Sam Potter's involvement in conjurism at Hedgewards." 88888888 "I don't think I want to go back in." Hermione leaned against Harry's shoulder as they sat in Arthur Weasley's office, holding hands. Harry, closing his eyes and thinking about all that had gone on that afternoon – and it was not even two o'clock in the afternoon yet, felt exactly the same way. "And did you see you mother's face when Crystallia said she'd spent the night with Sam?" "She didn't mean it in that way, of course," replied Harry, sighing with the effort of keeping his eyes open. "Just that he stopped up all night with her, and didn't go back to his room. So he'll be in trouble for breaking Hedgewards rules, at least. But I doubt they've slept together." He felt Hermione pull back from him, giving him a look which said, "I wouldn't be too sure about that; they are eighteen, you know," before lying her head back on his shoulder. Instead, she mumbled, "Do we have to go back in now? I feel all washed out." Inwardly, Harry nodded. He'd burned the candle at both ends preparing all of the evidence for the next bit of the trial, the bit they were all there for, not these peripheral pieces about Felixssohn and Henrietta and Sam. But maybe, that was Caelius's elaborate plan: they all connected to Blewitt and Thales through conjurism and extreme wizard views. The witan needed, he supposed, to pass judgment on these first before the two wizard defendants were tried. Maybe Caelius knew what he was doing after all. "At least it'll all be over. They can't send Henrietta and Vincento to Azkaban, but they can Thales and Blewitt. At least it'll get rid of conjurism. Then people can start getting back to normal and stop hating one another and calm down, and my parents won't have to work so hard, and yours," Harry added, watching a thin furrow appear on his future wife's brow, won't have to live in fear. We can get on with the wedding, and people can just calm down." "That'll be good," agreed Hermione, closing her eyes, and leaning into Harry again. He pulled her close and wrapped his arm around her. A little bit of peace and quiet for a few minutes would do them both good. They could stop here a while; they weren't needed again, or at least Hermione wasn't, and they probably wouldn't be missed from the balcony. 88888888 "Where have you been?!" Lily Potter hissed angily as Harry returned to the chairs next to her. He had had to push through as so many witches and wizards had got up there to view proceedings, but it seemed that a lot of the main part of the Witan decision-making had already happened; as Harry had climbed the gallery stairs, he noticed that both Draco Malfoy and Gordon Brown were not in their chairs and his father explained, a little more patiently (but only just a little) that they had given their accounts of the night, that they had been at Hedgewards and had made no futher comment. James also explained that Blewitt's wife Ann, the founder membr of the "Non-Wizard Reciprocators" had testified and given her account which, while sounded like bad news for her husband did not go against him nor did it implicate Thales Blewitt in any way at all. "She even had us humming "We shall overcome" as she sung it, telling us that we all needed to reciprocate our time and our skills with our fellow non-wizards and, "Just because I'm married doesn't mean I cannot hold different beliefs to my husband, and him from me," she had declared, before embracing Thales Blewitt on her way back to her seat. "Draco Malfoy declared Ann Blewitt's an excellent point. "I feel that sharing what is commn to us all is impoant; he believes in understanding the findamentals of wizard-kind to be equally so, and we respect one another's beliefs." "Wow," said Harry, looking down into the chamber. His and Hermione's moment to themselves had resulted in him missing quite an important bit of action. "Wow indeed," said a voice next to him. He turned to see his Aunt Petunia, smiling kindly at him. "When put like that, who could argue?" "Aunt Petunia!" Harry said, and hugged her. No matter how his mum felt, he had always liked her. It had been hers and Regulus's decision to stay away from their wizarding circle. Now she was here – but why? "Lily," she nodded, her face crumpling. "But oh, you look - " No words passed for a moment, and then, in a rare moment, both sisters hugged one another. "Lose the battle to win the war, Lily," Petunia said, when they'd sat back down. Below them the witan had not yet reassembled. "You're overdoing it. Perhaps there's something you can take out of your schedule that you don't need to be doing to take the pressure off?" "That's what I've said, Pet," said James, leaning over and hugging his sister-in-law around the shoulders. "She seems to be putting too much into everything; she needs to take care of herself." "Maybe when this is over? When Sam has come through this? There's no evidence against him; he'll get a ticking off by Severus and everything will go back to normal. Can you think of nothing you can do less of, Lils?" The question seemed to hang for a moment between them, Harry's mum seemingly at a loss as to what to say. Then, she smiled, which seemed to take some effort, but a genuine smile nonetheless, and raised a hand towards her sister's jacket lapel. "NWR," Lily said. "You've joined the Newers?" "Yes," nodded Petunia. "Ann Blewitt is compelling, isn't she? All of this, liaising with you, James, a full-time business; her children, everything. There are NWRs institutes springing up all over the place; women are flocking to join, witches and non-witches alike. It's a sensation. What the conjurists have been destroying, tea and cakes in church halls all over the country are rebuilding ten-fold." But, before either of them could say anything else – thankfully, Harry thought to himself, because whenever his mum and his aunt appeared to be getting on, one of them would say something and it would spark a cold war between them – the wizengamot wizards of the Witan were returning. When he recounted the conclusion of the witan to Hermione that evening, of Caelius Lupin, Gordon Brown and, of course, Draco Malfoy, summing up the Witan for their particular representatives, who would have been able to tell then that the outcome would be like it ended up being? They had, during their recess, decided on a number of matters amongst themselves and now was the time they would declare them to the wizards present. Caelius re-stated that the restrictions of half breeds brought into the country still stood and that those present should be brought to the Ministry to be made so that their condition renders them without their senses, something which Blewitt's defence lawyers claim was not in law at the time the attacks happened and therefore the defendants could not be fairly represented. This would be overseen by representatives of the non-wizard government and non-wizards:ordinary, non-magical people, to show that it has been done fairly. Clearly, Caelius was taking no chances. "This is a nation distinct from th European mindset," Caelius had declared, "and within another that is even more distinct. Swales, you are prosecuted for bringing in and keping halfbreeds when knowing ly a danger due to their condition and not doing enough to prevent injury to the public, not least public law-enforcement Aurors who came to you house in their capacity as such. However, the results from your wands say that are that this is not a genuine memory - " Caelius unfolded a parchment much like that of Demescue Goole's when he was questioning Crystallia. "Conjurists are responsible but necessarily the defendants." Even now, in the quiet of their rented house, their possessions slowly being put into boxes ready for the day that their deposit meant they could get a place of their own he could hear the gasp of shock from them all – this was unprecedented. Even the unreadable Caelius Lupin looked as if it was the last statement he wanted to be reading out. Evelyn Forteskew had then declared this had been brought into law during the witan discussion and, as Head of the Magical Environmental Protection Agency for all three of the witan representatives had unanimously agreed, but she might as well have saved her breath: the so-called conjurists, even Blewitt, who's wife had almost given admissable evidence on behalf of her husband. Then the subject of Cecilia Lupin had been brought up. Despite Caelius's insistence that she was "Not the scope of the witan," Caelius called to give evidence about Cecilia, about Tabitha. And then, if that weren't enough, and enough of a deviation from the witan's conventions in any case, Regulus Black had been called to give evidence. "Are you doubting my abilities?" Harry could still hear his uncle demand. "I can set up a floo anywhere, at any time, connecing anyone to anything!" "Impossible! What with the communication blackout - " "Which I was called upon to impose," Regulus had pointed out, standing in the centre of the chamber, jeans and a Guernsey jumper in thick, navy blue, his black hair bedraggled, but his mouth merry and his eyes bright. "There's always a back-door, so to speak. Put me to the test, if needs be." But there had been no needs be. All who knew Regulus knew he was the best in his field by miles. "What of pensieve communication?" "The storing of memories, and messages and music, in a virtual place, hidden, and unseen, as magical data," his uncle had clarified, when pressed by Caelius. "Then it can be retrieved by someone with the correct pass-key, or if it's free to share, anyone." "Anyone?" "Of course," agreed Regulus. "There are a lot of free-to-share memories available in the portable pensieve dimension, which makes the future very interesting, a lot of potential." "And a lot of potential to go wrong. You suspect, Caelius, that conjurists used this method to transmit information, to share extreme views, to co-ordinate attacks?" And that was it, thought Harry. The witan had been called to declare a lot of things, publicly. But, the irony of it was that, in doing so, the wizards who were, undoubtedly responsible for the fragments of glass shattering in synchronisation on Halloween night, terrorising and hospitalising hundreds, had not enough evidence, despite it all, to be prosecuted for it. Harry looked into the fire and remembered how Caelius had said to Draco Malfoy, once Regulus had had his moment to shine for his quirky brilliance: "Indeed I do: the Unspeakables have documented hundreds, probably thousands of cases where this has happened. In isolation, they could be explained away, but the body of evidence accumulated is difficult to explain in its entirety as coincidence." "Do any of these incidences involve the wizards on trial here today?" "Indeed, pertaining to half breeds." "Yes, your brother being so ill in hospital from such attacks." And at that, Harry had told Hermione, he had actually shown some emotion, at last. Mum had held his hand again; Dad had sighed. Poor Remus; just couldn't come through it yet, not like Sirius. Bitten by the wrong half-breed. Severus is trying his best, Petunia had pointed out. It was comfort – she was good at that, Harry thought. But a thin thread. "But they did not do enough to prevent injury. They are guilty of neglect of responsibility for grevious injury occuring in their houses." Draco Malfoy had stood at this point, and raised his white, bone-like wand. "Be under no doubt, that although we are distinct, and in this country of Scotland, in this nation of Great Britain - " " - and Northern Ireland," someone had piped up. " - and Northern Ireland," Draco Malfoy continued smoothly, "those features which make wizards distinct from non-wizards do not allow for the promotion, teaching and practising of conjurism within the magical law or that of the non-magical law. Furthmore, this federal alliance of wizard- and indeed non-wizard nations that is European wizards will not tolerate division that has led to hatred and intolerance between us. The conjurist perpetrators of 30th October are not, according to the evidence we have seen today, Thales Blewitt and Mark Swales, however these wizards are guilty under wizard law of illegally bringing half-breeds into the country and, through lack of care, allowing the half-breeds to attack aurors of the Ministry who were going about their duties." "We sentence Mark Swales to a month's imprisonment; six months for Thales Blewitt, being the home-owner and instigator of the importing of the creatures." And that was that. Harry sat, in the semi-darkness, wondering how the "Daily Prophet" would report on the witan. Horror is the only word he could think to describe the sentence, agreed by all three men representing all three political realms: horror from defence, that they have been imprisoned at all; horror from Reciprocators: that was not enough time, surely, for the life-changing, life-limiting injuries inflicted on Sirius and Remus? And there was horror that non-ratified laws were, on the basis of the witan, about to be enshrined in British, (wizard, and non-wizard) and European: should non-wizards perceive a threat to be threatening, this was now a crime. There needn't even be any actual evidence; it relied on the non-wizard's opinion and viewpoint Anyone actively impeding this was also liable for prosecution. That was not all: all temporary communication methods were to be kept closed for now in line with the requirements of the non-wizard government, which was separateness from wizards for a time. "That's almost impossible; we are as one!" People were shouting. "It's like trying to divide on geography, or gender, or religion – it won't work, it's wrong!" But it would have to, thought Harry. It had been decided, by the three people most important, politically, to this country. The veil was also to be closed for security and, although no-one had mentioned it, Harry had been sure everyone had been thinking that Tabitha Penwright had better be special enough to get back from beyond it via another means, should she need to come back imminently, especially as, another headline choice for the "Prophet",all pensieves were to be outlawed, with immediate effect, the Ministry handling an amnesty for them over the next three months. "Tabitha will do it," James whispered across to Harry, just loud enough for Lily, Petunia and Mick Mullen, who had also been there, to hear them. "She needs to be behind the veil, and that's the important part. What will happen will have happened anyway; too much has begun for it to be stopped. But we have a chance to run this in our favour, Tabitha will do it." But the final thing, the very last, was to come. Sam, as Petunia had said, was indeed exonerated. So, as the Potters and Blacks sat in the gallery of the wizengamot chamber, used that day for a very old witan, they felt the comfort of relief, especially when Sam himself came up the stairs to join them. Behind him, hovering a little way back, was Crystallia, and behind her, Severus Snape, ready to take them both back to Hedgewards. "Mum! Dad!" Sam, like them, had been so happy to be unburdened from the strain of prosecution and both his parents had congratulated him for his conduct. Just as Harry had been about to say something, however, Sam's face crinkled into folds, worry etched upon it again. The relief hadn't been quite as sweet as it had seemed. It was Severus Snape who had told them that Sam had had his internship place revoked. "His conduct at school has not been as exemplary as we would have wished," Snape had begun and, just when his dad had been about to argue, it had turned out it hadn't been Severus's doing. Caelius had made the decision. Caelius. Behind the closing of the veil; behind the non-wizard students at Hedgewards – which was a good idea, but hadn't really worked, and probably had caused some of this trouble, Harry reasoned. And then, when Lily and Petunia had gone to Sam and Crystallia, and spoken to them away from Caelius, James and Severus – a sensible move, Harry reasoned, all in all – the Minister had then confirmed the veil would be closed indefinitely, much to Severus's protestations. "We are too far down the line to go back now; this can be explained politically because of today, and you said yourself, Severus, you knew of no-one else than Tabitha who could do what we needed." And that had been when he had told them that Cecilia would also be kept at Durmstrang indefinitely, or at least until she had solved the fundamentals of Auld Magic. She needed to be the least of their worries, Caelius had said. The way he had said it, though, sounded more as if Durmstrang was Cecilia Lupin's prison rather than sanctuary. Harry closed his eyes, the warmth of the fire making him think of the many-faceted event which had occupied a lot of the day, before opening them again and staring into the flames. Caelius's triumph, the cynical part of his mind reminded him; a witan superseded anything which had gone before and over-rode any law with which it conflicted. It had been hosted by the three leaders under which the British people were held sovereign; each one had authority in their own way for their people. All those people had to do today was play their part. The witan was both a line drawn in the sand and a brick wall. "Which she won't, because she is focusing on a cure for Remus," Petunia had said, who had rejoined the conversation, her NWR badge twinkling through in the darkness. "And she has told you so?" Caelius had asked, darkly. "Her priorities are as obvious as the sun in the sky, Caelius Lupin," Aunt Petunia lightly said. "If you listened to people more, you would have less to worry about." Harry closed his eyes for the final time that night, drawing his legs under him, not hearing the bell-like tinkling-sound a little way off, under the stairs.
"Tell us, again," said Darren, idly swaying his quill now he'd run out of things to write for necomancy, "why are you so interested in Herbology, Ruf?" The fire blazed in the Gryffindor common room and, in front of it, the four friends sat together, figuring out their work. It was always Darren Black who came to a stop first, his small, black-haired crown bobbing up as he looked at his friend. "I mean, even Huggy-Bear, and Crowfoot laugh at herbology; Professor Crowfoot even said divination was slightly better." "But only just," laughed Julian Stone, a duvet round his shoulders, despite the roaring heat. He was still pale, and thin, from the unknown illness that he – and the other non-wizard students had suffered, and still felt the cold, but for some reason, just the other day, Madam Pomfrey noticed an improvement, one which continued to build for an entire week. The colour had returned to his cheeks; he'd stopped "decorating the floor" as Darren had so delightfully described Julian's vomiting episodes; he had been able to keep down food. Jason Crudglington, the other non-wizard who had remained behind and who had not suffered, at first, from any kind of malady, had been one of the last to be taken ill, to the hospital wing, but he, too, was also showing signs of improvement, with no apparent reason for it happening to begin with, nor reason for his recovery. "C'mon," soothed Septimus, looking over, concerned towards Rufus Lestrange. But he needn't have worried; Rufus, as ever, was impervious to criticism and lacked any self-doubt, mainly because he lacked any sense of self to begin with. He put down his quill, having finished a passage about warlocks, and their place in the non-wizard world and waited for his friend to reply. It took some time in coming but, as always, was worth the wait. This time, however, there would be no reply. Rufus was up on his feet, and walking away from them. "Ruf?" Septimus asked, shocked at his friend's sudden retreat, then looked crossly over towards Darren. "Now look what you've done!" he snapped. "You've upset him!" "Rufus?" called over Julian, his voice weaker than usual, craning after their friend. "Ruf!" Septimus gave a sharp glance over towards Darren, and between them both boys sprinted after their friend, who had gone across the common room and down the passage towards the fat lady. He was just stepping through the portrait when they caught up with him. "I was just curious, really," said Darren, evenly. "What's herbology got that quibball hasn't?" "Plants," Rufus replied, and continued to climb through the Fat Lady's portrait. "I'm going down to the greenhouses now – come with me, if you like." "Slow down then, Ruf, and wait for me then," breathed Julian, sighing heavily at the effort of keeping up. "Yeah, let's see your plants, old pal; got to be better than Huxley-Baird's drivel." It was sleeting as they walked along the enclosed outer walkways that took them away from the tower and towards the classrooms, and then, beyond to the greenhouses. Professor Longbottom practically lived there rather than in the staff quarters, and could almost certainly be found down with the exotic plants, with his sixth- and seventh- year research students, or retriving his students from said exotic plants. "It all began on that lesson, you remember? It was on the seventeenth September, a Monday afternoon, and Professor Longbottom told us about how he was testing that time passed more slowly, or more quickly, for different plants? And how, by holding them in a time spell, it was as if their image was taken out of time, and they became genetically younger than when they were planted?" Rufus came to a halt, eyeing his friends quizzically. When it was obvious that none of them could rememeber even the lesson, let alone the content, Rufus simply smiled, and continued, "that was when I was interested. Like music, see?" The three friends, just behind Rufus, looked at one another. They didn't see, at all. But, of course, their friend did see – he saw things all too differently, sometimes completely back-to-front and upside down compared to anyone else. But somehow, it worked for him. They stepped out onto the damp grass, and Septimus wished he had brought his cape, at least with him. Overhead, and swooping near the quidditch posts, brooms flew. On the ground, wizards stood, in a star-like arrangement, as the premiership footballers had on the night of the Halloween Games. That was one good thing coming out of that dreadul night: the schoolchilden had embraced wholeheartedly Rufus's mum's adaptation of the traditional quidditch game, one which Madam Lestrange had designed to allow non-wizard children, as the people on the group, a way of playing a game with wizards, and wizards, with non-wizards. If she had tried to convince someone that it was a winner, no-one would have believed her, Septimus suspected. However, demonstrated at the Halloween games, fusing football with quidditch so effortlessly, it was clear she was, like her son, a genius. Bonkers, but a genius. Professor Longbottom was craning over a specimen of mandrake when the four students arrived in Geenhouse No. 4 to see him. "Boys, boys!" Neville Longbottom half-welcomed, half-chided them, as he saw them approaching. "Now, I don't expect you to be too long down here – there are safety rules for everyone since Halloween, of course," he added, and then broke into a smile. "But, of course, you're with me, and I expect that Rufus has brought you down to show you his specimens? Oh!" he exclaimed. Septimus looked up sharply as Professor Longbottom was grasping his mandrake plant, which had cheekily chosen to clamp its jaws around his thumb. Turning it forcefully, and with a grimace, Longbottom wrenched it from his digit. "Ahh!" he exclaimed in triumph, gloating a little at the blind, young specimen. "Firm handling is what you need, and a good planting," he added, before thrusting the oversized tuber-root into soil. The children clamped their hands over their ears as the mandrake yelled and screamed its rage, but no fatalities this time. "Charming," said Julian, giving a frown, "needs pot-ty training, eh? POT-ty training?" he added, when no-one responded to his pun. "Ah yes, ha. Haha!" laughed Septimus, who indeed thought his friend's joke was mildly amusing." Rufus, however, just stared at Julian, as if he were made of glass, before looking up to Neville Longbottom. "Indeed I have, Professor," continued Rufus, as if Julian's joke had not been said, lifting his feet and walking slowly over to a set of raised potting beds, held up by iron legs. Inside, green stems poked, rather like little spindly branches. Rufus made his way forward and bowed his head lower over the rather unspectacular-lookinf plants. "What are they, Rufus?" asked Septimus, before either Julian or Darren could offer a sarcastic or negative response to their friend's apparent pride and joy which, to him at least, looked as if some cooking herbs had been left in the windowsill for rather too long and needed putting into the compost. "Cestrum nocturnum," replied Rufus, addressing his pride and joy, in the same way as he had addressed the owls whilst training them for the Lower Hunt- lovingly, like a parent might, devoted to their offspring. "Night Jasmine," he added, turning to look over his shoulder. "Night-blooming Jasmine. I know it doesn't look like much now, but come 1am, regular as clockwork, these little tiny flowers open at night for pollination. I'm afraid to say that the pollen does affect people during this process – we have to be careful, " he added, swiping away Julian's outstretched hand. "Careful: if there's still some pollen on the plants you might end up back with Madam Pomfrey." "Huh, don't see what harm a plant can do," retorted Julian, a little put out at being pushed away by Rufus, but then Septimus hissed at him, "think of that little mandrake and what it can do," and then Julian's fight melted to nothing: it was Rufus, after all. Nothing about him was personal, it was just Ruf, however raw and inconsiderate his words might be. Julian smiled. "So, what harm can it do then?" he asked. "No-one really knows the true extent, do they?" Rufus added, as if the thin tendrils of plant would actually be able to answer. Then he added, "but the pollen has been known to kill cattle, such is the potency. I wouldn't like to think what it might do to us, although it has been suggested from anecdotal evidence that humans may suffer from hallucinations." "Might not be able to tell the difference there," whispered Julian to Septimus, who nudged him gently in the ribs. "Shhh, Rocky," he added, giggling a little, despite himself. "He's our friend." "So, what's so special about these plants, Ruf?" asked Darren, frowning at the night-flowering plants of Rufus's. "What are you doing with them?" "Well, you know the Halloween Games, when I was using mum's portable pensieve?" "How can anyone forget?" asked Julian, sighing theatrically. "I was listening to some music that she had got hold of from Gregor of the Mysteriours. That music appears to have an effect on slowing down time. Now, I've had these specimens growing as they normally would, flowering and dispersing their pollen. In Greenhouse No. 7 are another set of Night-blooming Jasmine but, when they were growing..." ...five minutes later, and looking at a set of plants that appeared to be exactly the same as those in Greenhouse No. 4... "...they had been growing while this music was playing. When Professor Longbottom and I looked at the plants, we also did a graft of the jasmine onto another plant. The plants seem to have been taken out of time. It is as if the music they had grown in had slowed them down, like they had been taken out of time. They were genetically younger than when we planted them " Rufus bent his knees, bringing himself down to eye level with the plants he was experimenting with. "Fascinating," he added. "But, how is that?" asked Julian, frowning. "How can music make the plants grow slower?" "Now, that's the big question, isn't it?" replied Rufus, not looking back at his friend. "What is the music doing to the plants?" There was silence for a moment, before a voice proposed an answer. "Time has been warped, distorted somehow," said Professor Longbottom, arms folded, watching Rufus Lestrange with satisfaction. "Almost as if time has stopped for the plants. We know, or at least, Gregor knows, that it can be done by taking the plants to another place, from which this music has come. However, it was Rufus's idea to reverse the experiment using the portable pensieve, and was telling me about his plan for using it with plants in the greenhouses on the very night of the Halloween Games. It is regrettable that the conjurists managed to hi-jack the device for their own nefarious purposes. "Woah!" exclaimed Julian, as he listened to Professor Longbottom's explanation. "So, it's like time-travel, for these little plants, then?" "In a manner of speaking, Mr. Stone, yes," nodded the professor. "It was only because of Madam Lestrange's links to the ministry that we dared to ask your Uncle Caelius for permission for the experiment. We were due to send our research findings to the Beauxbatons institute under the collaboration rules, but your uncle has revoked these and we no longer need to share research findings, which is a relief – my French is appalling!" He laughed at his own self-depreciating joke, then added, in a much quieter voice, "and we don't really want your uncle to get too interested, Septimus: the ministry is closing everything down, even if they have never been a problem before. We have only just begun this, Rufus and I, although," Neville added, looking approvingly at Rufus Lestrange, "I can't claim much of the credit when Rufus is in charge, really." "There's more than that," added Rufus," reaching into his robe. "I got this last night – it's OK, I've asked the Professor, and Professor Snape. I've had permission for the PP since the start of the research," he added, taking in their aghast faces. "I was down here, last night. Can you hear them?" Rufus changed the frequency to a little higher. The music sounded to Septimus just the same as the music which he had got them to listen to earlier. "No, that was this," and he turned the PP to a different setting. Changing it again, and again, Rufus patiently waited for one of his friends to notice. Of the three, it was Darren's face which broke into a picture of realisation. "The second one, there's a low sound, with the same rhythm," said Darren, and they listened again as Rufus changed between the sounds. "There's something more," he added. "Yes," said Neville Longbottom, simply. "The Night Jasmine." It has a song of its own, and through its upbringing, as well as its youth, it has chosen to reveal itself. However, genetically, it is three weeks younger than it appears, so that recording is the recording of the plant three weeks ago. "Amazing," said Julian. He couldn't help himself. It was, he told Septimus later, truly amazing. An insight into nature, using the plant, using soundwaves. But using magic to make it work. "So, what do you think? Will you help?" "With what?" asked Septimus, a little lost with it all. "The plants, of course," said Rufus, happily. "We want to use the Mysteriour music with different plants, to see if we get the same effect. Or, if different plants give different music, or none at all, or at different times of the day, or..." "OK, we get the message," replied Julian, grinning at his friend's keenness. "We've also promised we'd help Ariella be NWRs and fight conjurism too, though," he added. "You would remember that, Julian," ribbed Darren, then added hastily when he saw his friend's unamused expression, "it's a good cover – we're helping Professor Longbottom; it goes down as services to the community; we're out of the way of the school building so we can talk about anything we've heard." "No, not me," replied Neville Longbottom, "though me in name only. "It's Rufus who's in charge, of course." "Of course," agreed the friends. Septimus smiled at Rufus, who wasn't wasting his trip down to the greenhouses just to show his friends his botany experiiment/recruiting his friends into his research work: if he was there anyway there was no chance that he was going to miss an opportunity to take measurements of the jasmines. How like his mother, dedicated to one area of interest, no other figures highly, but an expert beyond her field. Only she could have made quibball, the unifying sport, when non-wizards and wizards had disconnected, work so well, so Uncle Kay had said. "I never thought I'd say this, but plants are quite cool," said Julian, as they made their way carefully and steadily, with a reluctant Rufus, back to the common room. "They're not normally my cup of tea - " " - except tea plants..." "...yes, except the leaves of the tea plant," conceded Julian, shivering a little in the cold night. Despite everything, it still hadn't been the best of ideas to come all this way out on the last night of November, "but Rufus, somehow, you make them cool." They continued their walk in silence, Julian pleased at having something, now, to think about as he got better. Darren too: he got on with Rufus. Rufus walked silently – heaven only knew what was going on in his mind, although little of it would have been malicious, and a lot would have been random – to us – but completely logical to Rufus Lestrange. And Septimus thought, I wonder what happened today, when I saw Professor Snape taking Sam Potter and Crysallia Brandt off so early on a Saturday with him? Should I ask Sam when I see him, or Professor Snape? Or just wait until someone tells me? Or shall I not ask at all, Sam being so touchy about my broom, still? In any case, Rufus, a shy, odd boy, the butt of so many jokes due to his odd behaviour and idiosyncracies, had a gift and had managed even to melt Julian's sarcastic heart, holding them in a state of awe. Julian had once said, thought Septimus, that Rufus was lucky to have them as friends. But, he thought, as the warmth of the common room rushed down the passage behind the "Fat Lady's" portrait, Septimus rather felt that it was the other way round. 88888888 "We have yet to discover how could a memory be falsified as the one which was submitted to the witan," Caelius Lupin conceded, making sure his back was firmly parallel to the row of paintings of previous Hedgewards headmasters and headmistresses, lest he turned to take in their mocking faces. "It risked the whole trial and has identified the Ministry's procedures as - " " - a laughing stock!" shouted the painting of one of Severus Snape's predecessors, causing much mirth and humour at the interjection. "Indeed," agreed Caelius, baldly. "It has caused our practice into disrepute and risked our procedures, ones which we have relied on for decades, ones which we test scrupulously for their integrity. Just how such a falsehood could have got into the chamber and past our aurors is still being investigated, but thankfully, it did not hinge on the prosecutions of Blewitt and Swales; that they were acquitted was nothing to do with that." Snape, who was up until that point of the evening, planning his three-hour 7th-year lesson on potion making using adapted materials, paused in his stirring of the ingredients. He had explained to Caelius that he was going to continue as his counterpart explained what he had come to explain, for the 7th years had to know the potion in order to pass their NEWTs. "Speaking of 7th years, how is Sam Potter settling back in?" "He appears well; so is Crystallia. Sam is lucky to have found her, and I have chosen not to punish him for his...indiscretion...on the night that the false memory purported him to be willing to "do anything" for the internship at the European Ministry. In fact - " he paused to sprinkle what looked like a handful of rosemary sprigs, and were in fact, a handful of rosemary sprigs, into the potion, " - we have discussed this transgression at length and I have said that I am of the belief that his punishment of not being allowed to apply to the process is more than enough punishment of anything he has done. We, as a staff, have also spoken to the students about the events of the Halloween Games, and the witan, in that - " Snape took a pinch of what looked like licorice root, smelling it curiously, before breaking it with a quiet 'snap' and dropping it into the viscous mixture – "conjurists attacked the country; what happened at the Games was a subterfuge designed to terrify and Sam was an innocent victim." "And this calmed them?" "That the non-wizards would return in January, and their exams would be postponed until then was the most important points to them, I feel." Caelius, his body tired, his head in a permanent state of exhaustion, so much so these days that he could hardly remember a time when he felt a feeling of relaxation or calm, although it was very much the time of the month – the moon would be influencing his body, and that of Sirius Black, in a few days' time - and it was to Snape's credit that the very first thing that he had given to Caelius was a bottle of wolfsbane. He wondered, as he watched the headmaster of the school finish the potion he was to teach the older children the next day, whether he should insist that Snape keep an eye on another who may be in need of the same potion, for reasons he had alluded to last month, but as soon as the thought struck him, Caelius banished it out of his mind and asked, "you have called them all, then, the Reciprocators?" "I agree with you, Caelius. We need to draw a line under where our jurisdiction once fell. The witan redefined the law in the country, both for wizards and for non-wizards; the European Office must, by their own conventions, integrate our findings into their own laws. I am just as sorry as you that the witan did not find conclusive evidence against the two wizards who are clearly guilty of some sort of conjurism. But, that you did not have enough evidence to present only went to demonstrate the robustness of the system:" Snape looked up from his lazily oozing potion, "two wizards did not have enough evidence to convict them of the broken glass night. This means the perpetrators are still at large and also means two men not guilty of that specific crime have not been wrongly convicted." The silence could not have been better achieved had all of the atoms been removed from the headmaster's room at the top of Hedgewards. Caelius knew he was right, of course. And knew the fight must continue. That Snape, in his own blunt way, was still willing and able to state these points, elegantly and efficiently, was testament to the fact the wizard was as committed to his position as ever he was. "And what of your position on Cecilia, still?" Caelius couldn't help it. Perhaps it was the prickliness of the time that was yet to come which was making him feel irritated. "She should remain at the Institute, as you suggested, and return at Christmas, unless your agent feels she is acquiring better information about our primary cause." My agent. It had been a long time since he had thought about Crystallia's mother as that. It had been Snape who had called Ragnhild Andersson an "agent", in that she had spent two years providing Caelius with details of Cecilia on the pretext that it was for her safety. When she went off the rails the first time, and Remus went to visit her, this link was postponed indefinitely, at the risk of it being discovered by Cecilia herself. Even Ragnhild didn't realise her true purpose to him, Caelius suspected, as brilliant a truthteller as she was, were she able to interpret a situation where she was being manipulated? "I think you know more about the function of our primary cause than Cecilia," remarked Caelius, to which Snape did not reply, but merely nodded in agreement. "But she is there, should the floo network fail? We are educating her daughter on a quid pro quo basis to that effect," Snape added, drawing a ladle of his blue-green potion in a figure-of-eight movement before decanting some of it into a large fluted glass vial. "I don't blame her, not wanting her child to be at Durmstrang, and she gave you enough infornation on the headmaster to fill your notebook ten times over." "Which is the very reason why I needed her back there, collecting everything she can. Yes, I conclude, Severus, it has been valuable Cecilia being there, feeding us such information from such an historic and statuesque hub of learning – and discerning how the students are being institutionally prepared to be superior even to other wizards used for purpose of conjurism - " " - she knew what you were having her do, Caelius, and and threw it at you before," Snape shot back, his eyes on the iridescent potion in his hands, " - she was happy to go at the start; she told Aberforth she would do what she could for the Reciprocators; work as a spy world and reported back to you as such - " " - you used her, it ruined her mind; it stirred memories of the passt she had come from. She acted stupidly, we all know that; Cecilia know that; I pitied her in those months before she left the first time Caelius." And yes, you manipulate people. That's exactly what you do. Snape shot him an accusing look, which for all his faults, still deflected from the Minister for Magic's kevlar-like persona. "And yet as we both know Aberforth told us there was no other way - by her very presence and unique past set of exxperiences you know that no other person alive can do what she has done, or will do... " Caelius's voice remained steady. "No," Snape shook his head. "Durmstrang changed her. That first time? Coming back? Fighting for a right to be back wirh her family? That she had been there at all changed her, Caelius. Didn't you see? As soon as she returned, she gave you Prof Ur's work and challenged you; she resigned the Reciprocators...she would have stood toe to toe with you not slunk off, like before only - " " -Remus." " - Remus," agreed Snape. "His critical illness took all the fight out of her - that made her more docile than anything you've done before. I think it is good that you have chosen to let her return." "She cannot stay, Severus." Caelius shook his head, his eyebrows shrinking together. "Why? You said yourself that Septimus needs to see his mother. I think that is awfully selfish, cruel, divisive - " "The work she sent," interrupted Caelius, ignoring Snape's accusations of his decision. "I...I know I am like I am, never appearing grateful for the intelligence I receive. But that first transcript, this set off a whole chain of events and got us to where we were two days ago. I am telling you now that without Cecilia deciding she was going to "jump ship" so to speak, and not bringing all she did to me, we may not have had a witan at all, and we may well be in a state of civil war in this country, against the non-wizards, played as required, into the hands of, as we suspect, the two great wizards in the Alps." Snape paused for a moment, unusually so, for he was usually so fast on the uptake with Caelius, and said, "surely, Caelius, you are being merely extremely pessimistic? Civil war? Surely not?" "I wish that I were. There have been very intense and lengthy conversations with the non-wizard prime minister where we have fought and fought to retain peace between our factions. But, here is the point I need you to understand, Snape: Henrietta and Vincento. What you said earlier, about the integrity of the witan, was true. That we discovered Henrietta Edwards was a conjurist and was able to declare it so was a boon. But unfortuntely the evidence that we used, one of the pieces at least, was that the raid on your office in September. The work that Cecilia took so many pains to bring with her from Durmstrang on her journey by foot to my cottage was also lodged there - " Caelius's face twiched for a second " - I had it safe, or so I believed, but it was stolen in the raid in your office by Vincento the elf. This was the evidence we used in the witan." "So, the Conjurists behind this, Grindelwald and Dumbledore – have the information from my office, have the research from Professor Ur. Have other irreplaceable objects kept therein, of which the Mysteriours – Gregor – is compiling a list." "Indeed. So, I need to replace that, at least. That is at least one of my motivations for Cecilia to remain at Durmstrang. "If it is them," replied Snape, darkly. "Who else, Severus?"snapped Caelius, sharply, "though much good it would do them, Professor Ur's work, without anything to transmit it through. That's if it's complete." "That's if Cecilia has even met the man yet. Or again." "And how will she get the information to us if she does?" "Ah," nodded Snape, "I have a way. So good, it's brilliant. And yet, my concern is that she's too wrapped up in Remus's illness. I can't even reassure her on that, such are the limitations of my own, Caelius. I am sorry for my limitations." "Let us hope that she learns to let go of that and trust you, because she can't help him," replied Caelius, as calmly as he could make himself. I dare not even utter, not yet, just go along and play my hand as the world turns. "Because..." Because both you and I know what Aberforth thought, what he feared. The statement echoed in Caelius's head, as Severus thought it, and planted it there by legillimency. There is some good news regarding your brother. While my other potion is allowing him to at least stabilise, his other injuries are healinf well. The long scar on the right hand side of body is almost completely healed and the rest are on the way. The cool the dark have helped it mend, thought it has been expensive for you." "- only the best, of course," nodded Caelius. "Then I can only agree with you: Cecilia must remain at Durmstrang, to spy for us until such time we have reconstructed what we need from Professor Ur's work, and only then she can return." With great effort, as one might, with such a great burden on his shoulders, Caelius Lupin agreed that his sister-in-law could indeed return once she had gathered the information he was looking for. 88888888 A brief message in her grate late one night drew a shivering Cecilia Lupin out of her bed, waiting with all hope and expectation. She didn't have to wait long; it was the first day of December now, a Tuesday, still dark on the North Sea rock. At least she could warm herself now, with some basic magic and so, as she leaned in to use the grate for its proper purpose Cecilia jumped, almost hitting her head on the granite lintel as Petunia's face appeared within the ironwork. "Petunia!" she gasped in happiness, for it had been several weeks since she had seen her friend, and although Petunia had explained how Regulus had arranged for their floo connection to be "off grid" so to speak, so as to remain protected, Cecilia has remained cautious and resisted the urge to contact her. Petunia updated Cecilia on the witan, namely the part with Misters Blewitt and Swales getting off, and that Sam had been set up in his prosecuting evidence so thereby been acquitted, in a roundabout way. She told her about Dudley getting a job with his dad and how he was enjoying it, and how skilled he was at it. They didn't talk long, and it was surprising how little Cecilia felt about the whole thing. She was saddened, of course, about the whole affair of Septimus's broom, but it seemed that he was rather pragmatic about the whole thing. "And I am helping the non-wizard reciprocators," Petunia had last explained, talking about how the non-wizards had joined together, originally to protest, and then to actively work together to promote community peace. "I can see how you would be well suited for that," said Cecilia, nodding towards her friend. "They'd need a diplomat like you. And coming from a family with a witch...how is she, these days?" "Lily? Cut up about Henrietta." A glow of uneasy happiness sat in Cecilia's stomach, something she would happily admit she was not proud of. "But, something else seems to be making her miserable. Anyway, she'll cheer up. Harry's getting married soon, and it's probably all this with Sam. I feel uneasy, and he's only my nephew, not my son. Anyway, " Petunia leaned out of the flames towards her, conspiratorially, "at least...you'll be home for Christmas, right?" "Home for Christmas?" "Don't say you heard it from me, Cec; let them think they surprisef you, when they tell you." "Can you tell Severus..." "Yes...?" "...I do need to speak to him. I have a lot of things to discuss." "Yes, Cecilia. Now, I cannot use the connection for long. Stop safe, my friend, and remember, Christmas is less than a month, now." Cecilia watched the emerald glow of flames disappear into a bright point of light before popping out of existence. She stared at the space where it had been for a good long while, collecting her thoughts, oblivious to the cold and the dark. What was there still to do? She was still frustrated by her efforts for Remus; she wanted so much to help him. At least she would be able to see him soon, if she were to be coming home soon. Maybe she just needed to get on with the job in hand. And at least Petunia would pass on the message. Dressing, Cecilia made a job, early that Tuesday morning, of organising her teaching schedule and posting it up on the big, overhead signs in the foyer of Durmstrang's great hall, much to the surprise of every single student, and reported to her classroom in preparation for her day of lessons. 88888888 "It's Aberforth who began this idea of integration, because he could foresee this hatred building," declared Ethel Bannington, an elderly witch and a friend of Mrs Figg, who had known Aberforth Dumbledore all her life. " - different if he could see it through," replied Sirius, his bed still in the living room of Grimmauld Place. The Reciprocators were all assembled, waiting, as usual, for both Severus and Caelius to make an appearance and chair the meeting. Just one of them would be a plan; it's what they had survived with for the last few months and now, on a slow shift, with "normal" rotas, or rather, rotas which resembled those of a few years ago, with one wizard on a night shift, being able to be summoned from the sofa of Grimmauld Place on the rare off-chance they were needed by the ministry aurors, and most of them were jittery and uncomfortable with this new standing of affairs. "He would approve of the Newers," added Mick, peeling an orange, carefully, "and they've changed very nicely into people we can work with now- they're calmer; they're not vigilantes any more." "But it's that we have got to this stage that worries me," added Bathsheba Braddle, taking a sandwich tentatively, thanking Molly Weasley for it. "That so many moderate wizards have become so extreme. Oh, I mean, there were always extreme ones," she added, sensing Dave, or Ben Wergs would contradict, "but now they've had legitimacy with "Art of the Wize". They can deliberately legitimise their beliefs because they can say they are traceable back to the first wizards and they can deliberately say they don't understand the difference between heritage and moral. "Like, well, look here, 'Sheba," agreed Ben, pointing to the "Prophet", "Walmsley, now, he used to be an Auror...out on his ear; suspected conjurist...Pratt...Price too..." "Has it got in about Henrietta and that Mysteriour elf?" asked James, hovering near the kitchen door, lest he would be made to stand in and act as leader of the reciprocators if Severus or Caelius did not show up. "That was all in yesterday's edition. They haven't put it in today's – yet. There's always time with the evening edition, though." "Did it say why they were killed? Anyone? Anyone who read the newspaper?" asked Sirius, leaning out over the balustrade of his four-poster bed. "I did. And I don't think they mentioned anything," replied Bathsheba. "They reported the verdict from the witan; they referred readers to her trial in a previous edition. Yesterday's focused on Sam." She cut off, looking around Grimmauld Place's living room carefully. "Where is Lily?" asked Snape, voicing Bathsheba's unanswered question. "At home. She asked to be excused, under the circumstances. Henrietta was her best friend, too," James added carefully. "At least Caelius – and Aberforth's viewpoints on wizards and non-wizards will be reinforced by the witan, now," James continued. "Firmer ties between schools - " " - even Durmstrang?" " - even Durmstrang. Positive community cohesion. Although, this idea of Draco Malfoy's of sharing research never did go down well, and that has been stopped, at least." "Speaking on behalf of my son, and his proud achievement as the Chief Mugwump at the witan," declared Lucius Malfoy, "as well as his achievements in the financial sector which has secured financial ties within Europe for the long term – " at this there were some inward, and not so inward, yawns of impatience at the elderly auror's undisguised praise of his son, "- his idea came from the same ideal as Aberforth Dumbledore. I should think that it is the current climate of suspicion and extremism which had made the idea impracticable." "I expect this is true," nodded James Potter, generously to his colleague. "Indeed, we also agree." Silently, Caelius and Severus had appeared in the living room, their apparition making no sound as Lucius was praising the good deeds of his son. "There will be firmer ties between schools, but once we have established a successful non-wizard return. Severus?" Caelius turned his head in the direction of his colleague. "Indeed, they are to return in January; there were two who remained and who are now fighting fit, as the saying goes. All of those who had sickened and who had left have indicated they are well enough – and willing enough to return. And I think the co-operation between staff in different schools still has plenty of broom-miles to go." "Well if you think that, Caelius, then youre getting senile in your old age," replied Mick Mullen, scornfully. "You don't think that it's a plan to appear friendly, when at the same time bring us down from the inside?" "You forget we have many volunteer aurors in the European Parliamenr, citizens from dozens of countries all over the continent who have, since the trial, come forward to voluntrer their services, thanks to Draco, he added, smiling at Lucius, who beamed at the mention of his son's achievements. "Conjurism is a Europe-wide problem; conjurists are condemning, attacking, killing non-wizards and Draco, inspired as he was by the NWRs at the trial has organised them," continued Lucius, spurred on by Caelius Lupin, "and wants us to alleige. I have been in touch with Petunia Black, who I believe is the ideal person to liaise for obvious reasons." "And you thought not of discussing this with us first?" growled Caelius, feeling his medicine making him particularly tense as he began to pace around the carpet near the window. "NWRs are nought but vigilantes!" exclaimed Ethel Bannington, her cup of tea nearly upended at her exclamation. "Indeed, and were we not called that, once?" "Driving wizards from town? Banning Halloween? It's their festival too, Samhain! Ignorant b- " "That's all very well." A voice came from nowhere and Caelius made the effort not to turn. It came as a great surprise to himself that it was his own. "If Aberforth were here - and we speak his name, so we know that he is here - he would say - I say, use the help that is so freely offered, think of it as a chance to re-educate those who are ignorant." "What? Invite them here, d'you mean?" "You said Petunia has a role in all of this? Perhaps a suitable venue meeting the needs of all shpuld be left to her? People skills are her strength!" A bubbling of talk erupted at this, which continued for a short time, but ended abruptly with a snort from just behind James. "Lily! It's good of you to join us," nodded Caelius, as her interjection stopped the positive flow of chatter that had stemmed from the suggestion. "We were just discussing how your sister's diplomacy skills were ideal for the position we find ourselves in." James leaned over to kiss her, catching the top of her head. She looked up to him, her face gaunt, pale and washed out, but replied nothing as she turned away from the glare she was getting from Sirius. Use pensieves again - programme them - strictly controlled conditions - "As a measure of trust amongst ourselves, the Ministry voted this evening on the proposal that we re-introduce the right to use pensieves as a method of communication. On the basis that, if we begin to ban technology, we live in fear, so we must embrace it." "As the Russians would say," said the most unlikely reciprocator ever to mention this, Mrs Arabella Figg, but whose first husband was a warlock who had come from Smolensk, "Doveryai no proverya: trust but verify." "Trust, but verify," whispered James, as he pulled Lily closer, but she stared at him, as if he were a stranger, and stepped away from him and into the kitchen away from the now-developing reciprocator meeting, before disapparating. 888888888 A week, and she had been the perfect teacher at Durmstrang, posting up lessons, teaching them, and carrying out her research. Keeping herself to herself. But as each day went by, Cecilia felt her frustration build – her desire to speak to Severus as she held onto her resistance to use the floo to try to contact him. Too dangerous. But, not only had she not spoken to him about the original hypothesis, but she had already come up with a counter-hypothesis. And it hadn't helped that her owl had come back when she had tried to send an edited version. What could she do? She needed verification, at least, to see if at least her hypothesis held water, so to speak. Radiocarbon dating of skeletons showed that energy is in the bone, and as...Voldemort had said. red blood cells are made in the bone marrow, so literally, being a wizard was in bone and in the blood... So that meant, a fundamental energy, in Harry's notes. That would mean her original vampirism hypothesis was all wrong because... ..if vampires only attack those magical or temporarily exposed to magic wherein their DNA has changed... The evidence clearly supported only those with magical abilities being infected. Or that non-wizards coulnd't survive to be vampires therefore wouldn't live to pass on the parasite – so vampires had evolved to only attack people they knew would survive the attack, to allow another generation of parasite to live... Could there be a way? No. She knew what her mind wanted to say to her: there was the universal connection again. Could she...her mind strained...like Harry. Remove his abilities temporarily...kill the parasite? Like the ones Snape had made for Harry. The ones in her case would not work in themselves – energetically, of course, they were different... But bloody hell, what do you know about vampieres? Cecilia chided herself. Only one expert in the world, but he has never written anything down. His work was placed here and passed orally to the headmasters of the school...the headmaster Brandt! What did he know? She knew she needed to be careful...maybe if she phrased it in terms of Auld Magic, for non-magic was what she was here to teach; that she wanted to know abou fundamenal magic, that wouldn't be an unusual reques, especially to contrast it in lessons for her students. Damn! She threw her books down in frustration, then gripped her hair. Why did she feel like – no! That would be betraying Remus! A cool hand on her wracking-sobbing shoulders was the only thing that made Cecilia's tears that Friday night come to a slow stop. How...how could she carry on, she bemoaned to her friend, Ragnhild, who must have heard her crying and come in, if she couldn't share her research so as to make some progress. "Don't give yourself such a hard time, Sissee!" she declared, before pulling Cecilia up to her feet. "You have the power to solve this and you can. Do what your heart tells you." The tall witch pulled away, her pale, slim features a picture of exquisite beauty, but it was as if she were being looked at in wonder. Cecilia felt self-conscious, and blushed. "I can write it," she said, feeling for her original notebooks. Ragnhild watched her as Cecilia knelt, Petunia's cardigan around her as she reached under her bed. It was brilliant, Cecilia always marvelled, that no matter how much she put in them, the books always had enough spare pages. "I meant something else. For if you do not follow your heart, follow your head, follow your senses, you will be here forever and get nowhere. You will make no progress, Sissee. Believe me, it is not wrong for you to feel your way, rather than always think you way." She bent over Cecilia, who was sitting, knees bent, with one of the books propped open on them, quill poised, and kissed her on the top of the head. Cecilia looked up, like a confused child. "Thank you, Ragnhild," she sighed, pushing the book away, and getting up. "I will...try..." "Hm..." said Raghnild, walking towards the door, her word half doubtful, half waiting. Three hours later, and the ball of frustration was still there. "Hm" was right – Ragnhild summed up exactly how she was feeling about this...everything, everything she could possibly do with the resources she had... with the resources she was brave enough to use right now... ...so she was a coward after all... No. Cecilia's logical mind told her not to think it, but already she was pulling things together. No coward she. The ships were NOT at the bottom of the cliff. They could NOT be easily reached so as to get herself back to Britain. The steps WOULD be suicide in the middle of the night in December... ...the thoughts telling her body not to take her towards where her feet were treading were futile. Already the dark, serrated outlines of the basalt outcrops could be seen before her. It was the only way. She would have to deliver the work, in her head, to Severus. There really was no time to lose. Stopping to pull on more clothing, and to sieze a candle, Cecilia opened the door of her room and stepped out onto the freezing, pitted flagstone corridor. Behind her, a wind rushed. But it wouldn't be long until she was commanding a small ship to Britain. It had to happen: she had to see Snape. Along the passageway, trying not to slip on the steps as she went, and down again, Cecilia got to the open section of the cliff-face that would take her down to the tiny harbour. The intense gale of a wind pushed her flat against the granite cliff as she tried to fight it and make towards the owlery at least. With some effort, she had taken some steps, and had used a little, weak magic spell to push against the force, but it had pushed her over, and she knocked back into the passage, stumbling against someone. "Mrs Lupin, it is unwise for you to be out here at three o'clock in the morning in the middle of the winter. Would you allow me to accompany you back to your room? "I am going home, Lindvald Halen!" declared Cecilia, her face wet with salt water. "I am taking a boat and I am going home." "Not tonight. Besides, there is a world-wide communication blackout. The ship would not get there. What is it that's so upsetting you?" Cecilia looked at him for a moment, her face bearing her emotions all at once, and she felt the urge to shout at the wizard, but somehow, she found a calm and asked him, politely, to go away, and to leave her alone. "I must do what I must do, Mr. Halen!" she shouted over the howling of the wind down the passage, "I must go where I must go, and it none of your concern!" But rather than feeling satisfied at this, a guilty feeling crept over Cecilia, as if she had just kicked a puppy. Cecilia continued to cry, and began to hurry back up the passage that would lead to the steps to the corridor to her room. "May I ask, what have I done to you, Mrs Lupin?" Lind Halen called, following her, his voice one of grave concern. "Nothing. Not you. Nothing." Her heart was racing, cursing herself at the ludicrousness of the situation – here she was, a middle aged woman emotionally broken down over her frustrations and situation, and there he was, endeaviouring to comfort her – a young slip of a thing... "You really are not alright, Mrs Lupin. Please, stop. Is there anything I can do to help?" ...nearly eight years her junior, and was seeking to help her. Embarrassing! More than a little embarrassing, and the uncomfortable feeling that Cecilia had first felt, watching him work in his room, alone, stung her stomach. But, at that moment, he appeared to know everything about the entire world, and so, beyond all reason, soaking wet, Cecilia stopped. "My room is closer, and you will be very ill if you do not dry out. A cup of tea, yes?" A cup of tea, and a sit by a roaring fire was indeed the recipe for calm. But yet, Cecilia, ten minutes after being pulled away from the cliff edge by her colleague Lindvald Halen, still felt a little uneasy, not least because she had a theory which could make her husband well, and, well, she was sitting here, in the company of a wizard, who - - don't think it, and then it can't be true, Cecilia told her mind, sharply. "Look," continued Cecilia, when Lind hadn't looked up from his work, to which he had settled once he had installed around her several blankets as well as the tea. "I'm not myself, recently. And I told you about Remus." From his writing, Lind nodded, but didn't look up. "I have a theory, which I have attacked from several angles, and it seems robust enough. But I cannot get hold of Severus Snape, who is researching his cure." Lind looked up, putting down his quill. He reached over for her hand. "I am sorry to hear that it is personal," said Lind, as Cecilia moved her hand quickly out of his reach. "I must go," she said, "I thank you for the tea." Lindvald fixed her with a large, brown-eyed stare. "Please, promise me you will not go out of the castle tonight, Cecilia? You cannot help your husband if you do not make it yourself." Silence reigned, a respectable length, while it appeared that Cecilia considered this, before agreeing. "Are we still friends? Please say that we are," Lind called, as Cecilia got to the door. "Yes," nodded Cecilia. "And if there's anything I can do?" "I don't think so," said Cecilia, "but I will find you if there is, Lindvald," she added. In her room, ten minutes later, Cecilia had her back to the door, holding it shut as if holding back the Red Sea. How was it he was there? And why did he cause such conflicting emotions in her that she couldn't think straight? And then, like a light switching on, Cecilia leaned off the door, catching her breath. It was going to take some doing, but she was going to do have to do it. 88888888 "Auld Magic, you say?" She had done what she had said she was going to do: Cecilia had sought Lindvald's help. Although not, probably, as either of them had expected, a quarter of an hour after leaving his room, and now the young wizard was in hers. He reached over for her notes, Harry's notes, and here was where Cecilia fought her instinct to get them back. "I'd have to cross-reference them with what I have – I won't be a moment. Want to stay here? Or come with me?. It's warmer in my room: freezing in here," he added. "I'll come," she said, "but only if there's tea in the offing." There was tea in the offing, and more besides. By the time dawn might have been on the horizon, behind the thick, wintry December clouds, not only did Cecilia have someone who agreed with her hypothesis about vampirism but also her hypothesis for Auld Magic. Wonders about diffret dimensions – she says possible, and he shares his thoughts, would it be righgt to change things. If you can. You should only do what you think is right, she shuddered as she thought about Caelius, and the mind of a politician. When you make cold decisions like that, it may well be in the interests of others, and you know it, but unless they feel it, you've lost. You might as well have never done it in the first place. She tells him about Harry's potion, getting rid of magic temporarily. She tells him her fears, she thinks she can. Why hadn;t sh listened to Ragnhild, then she had done something sh hadn't done for a long time, Cecilia Lupin smiled. Cellular bleeding should have been stopped if clotting is preventing the contaminant from taking hold its mechanism inside Remus's body. That needed to be checked. Cecilia had been about to write it down as a thing for Snape to do, but, as she was about to do so, Lindvald had taken a small sample of his own blood, mixed it with a compound of silver, and then perfomed a series of spells upon it, taking no more then twenty minutes. Cecilia watched, in awe. How about a radioactive sample, she suggested, and, within a minute, the wizard had taken another sample of his own blood, irradiated it with a small cobalt-60 source, added silver and then continued with the tests. "You don't hold with tradition, then?" asked Cecilia, as she noted down the results in the "Harry" books.. "I have always viewed traditions as effects of accidentally tested events – if we do this, then this will happen, and it is attributed to a god or another, more often than not." "Chalcices for wine in the communion services," Cecilia added. "The silver has mild antibacterial properties, so those ailful Christians who attended church and partook in the eucharist would be given a small dose of it, which would ward off illnesses. So it was noticed that the pious were less ill." "There's one more thing I want you to consider, Lind?" Carefully, Cecilia withdrew the two potions that Snape had perfected for her, and floo-nudged to her those weeks ago. She explained her "theory" about emotional resonance in spells, which may account for Lily Potter, in the Other Place, being able to protect the young Harry, and why he needed to say the spell without malice. "This is all in your novel, is it not, Mrs Lupin?" Cecilia blushed – she couldn't help it. How could he have known? "A magical treatise, I think I was trying to write, in the guise of a children's story," Cecilia blustered. "You've heard about it?" "I was fifteen, and read it in one weekend. Of course, it helped that it was free," Lind added. "But then, aren't a lot of stories fables? And you had them made?" His eyes glittered, as if he were looking at the most precious jewels in the world. For different reasons, of course, Cecilia felt the same. "Could it work for Remus?" I mean to say, could it work for real? I have never tested it. But - " "But," interrupted Lind, impulsively, "– yes, could work. You would have to get background energy right; I can compensate for it is in a potion. The only way I can think of is if you had your Harry and a non-horcuzxed Harry as a standard, so speak, and subtract the background energy. For Remus, a base, and match, his energy, and then find a way, somehow, to subtract the energy...hark at me, Mrs Lupin, I have, perhaps, taken this too far." The wizard shuffled, uncertainly, handing the potions back to Cecilia. "I get your point about wanting to check them with Severus Snape," Lind added. "He is, of course, the originator of the theory." "I can't thank you enough," effused Cecilia, her heart light at the thought of how easy it had been – and how easy she had been in Lindvald's company. Ragnhild must have meant just that, and her fears had melted like snow in the sun as they worked together like they had known each other forever. "It's helped me, too, for now I see I am right, that I've been channelling the right magic into my spells all this time. But, there's a big part of my work I've got coming...I just don't think I'll ever overcome it." "I thought like that, once, but then you came along three hours ago. All this...there, are bigger things, Lind, which are so worrying." And, against all her best instincts, Cecilia told him about Halloween attacks, and he told her that they had already been told one morning by headmaster Brandt, at a briefing that she hadn't attended. "You're worried, of course you are," he added, and to which Cecilia proceeded to tell him about how Remus got ill, upsetting herself in the process, and Septimus too, and how she would go through it all for him, their son, the hatred she had endured, to be with Septimus, and, all the while, trying not to look directly at the dazzling bright star that was this young wizard before him was who overwhelmed her. How could anyone be that brilliant? Then she thanked Lind for his help, and tore back upstairs, closing the door of her room tightly behind her, trying with her weak magic to seal it tight shut, stowing away her "Harry" books and "Harry" potions before sitting with her back to the door, lest it be opened by anyone. as best as she could, and There was a lot to for Cecilia think about, plenty for her to celebrate. And one thing to banish from her mind, for she had felt like that only once before, and it had not been in this place. Most importantly, it mustn't be in this place. 88888888 "You've done the right thing," said Madam Pomfrey, as Septimus Lupin lay in the very same hospital bed that his friend, Julian, had been lying in only a month before. "Thank you for being so observant and having the presence of mind to write down everything about him before you called the house elves." "It's just not like him," said Julian, concern etched into his forehead. "I mean, I've known Septimus for years; he's never been ill, not properly, not with anything like this." "What could it be?" asked Darren. They had found Septimus asleep early that afternoon, but a fitful sleep, sweating and shaking, and calling out as if dreaming, his face ashen. "It could be any number of things. I can take it from here," Madam Pomfrey added, as the three boys stood by their friend with determination. "Can we come to visit?" "He may be out tomorrow," said Poppy, carefully. "It could be anything; something he;s eaten, something he's touched that doesn't agree with him." With reluctance, the boys returned to Gryffindor Tower to purportedly do homework, but atually speculate with increasing pessimism the fate of their friend. Much later, and with the permission of Professor McGonagall, Julian came back, sitting by his friend with care. "I spent weeks looking at the vaulted ceiling and examining the silicate inclusions in the marble flooring. It;s no fun, is he...?" "No its not what you had, Mr Stone, though his mother is a non-wizard, Septimus is most definitely a wizard, though what he has in natural born talent he lacks in perseverance and attention to detail his mother possessed." The healer walked over to the bed, replacing the cold compress on the head of boy with colder one. "I have narrowed it down; none of them are fatal. None of them are critical, either. But I need to be sure, and he needs rest. You need to go, now," she insisted. An hour later, and the headmaster made his way down to see the new patient of the hospital wing. Unfortunately, instructions to return to dormitories do not always result in children returning to dormitories and so, on this occasion, Julian Stone was returning for an illicit sitting-in session with his best friend when Severus Snape swept past. Climbing into a free bed, and hoping to get away with it in the darkness, Julian lay as still as he could as he heard the voices discussing Septimus's prognosis. It was heartening to hear that Snape had something he could give him and that Sep would be up and about in the morning. "He won't like the taste; no-one ever does," Snape intoned. "How has he come by it?" "He could not have been bitten, Severus; he shows no sign. But neither his mother, not his father..." "No, Poppy. You are wrong. Septimus's father does have lycanthropy. It is a long story, Poppy, and not our concern...not our business. Treat him with this; I will handle explanations with lad in good time... "
It was still down here, in the deepest of the Ministry's offices. It seemed apt that he was here now, as the Minister for Magic, in the place which encapsulated the whole of the work of everyone right above him. Down here was where it had all began, nearly thirteen years ago, where there could be no change to the path threading from there to now, weaving its way through time, through hours and days and months. It was down here, just over there, through the Veil, where Tabitha Penwright began her abseil into the absolute unknown, resolute on her purpose, yet so entirely open-minded about her task that said mind could fill up with practially anything, like a krill in the yawning void of a basking shark's jaws. What magic she might be doing, was practically sane compared to what he was endeavouring to do. What they were endeavouring to do. In the darkness, Caelius had come, for the stillness, for the calm. He often came, just to feel the nothingness, to calm his thoughts, to steady his nerves. This last week had been trying enough. He paced, as if that would ever stop the itch of lunacy. But it was coming to an end now, the moon's influence. And at least Snape had been honest with him with Septimus. They had discussed it, he and Snape, in the absence of Remus and Cecilia, last week, and a month before. Oh, not that either of the boy's parents would have a hard time understanding...but...ultimately...it would be everyone's undoing if the truth were to out about Septimus Lupin just at this moment. Would it be better for Cecilia's reputation to believe otherwise? Folk would look for the obvious – if it were him, he would predict the obvious paternity for the boy too. Not least because the truth was so outlandish that it were to be in the realm of fantasy. The darkness and the coldness in the Mysteriour department was soothing, as was the icyness of the onyx blocks that built the department, dense enough to hold the energy of the magic that was contained within here, like lead around radioactive samples. Caelius stopped pacing, and went over to the veil again, careful not to lose his footing. He was certainly not Mysteriour-material, and so, for him, plunging head-first would almost certainly be a one-way journey, his memories taking physical form, for the veil was, amongst other things, a repository for one's mind, one's soul, so to speak. Where his actual body would go is anyone's guess. Maybe when – if – when – Tabitha finally returned, it might be a question Caelius remembered to ask her. Taking a few steps back, Caelius watched the flapping curtain suspended above the Gothic arch above a swirling void, flapping, it seemed to him, far more violently than he had remembered before. Caelius remembered Tabitha speaking about that: the volatility of the Veil was proportional to the events in the wizard world via the Veil itself. It was difficult for him to understand, but a lot of it was to do with the memories connecting string-like together, apparently randomly, and influenced by the day-to-day goings-on in world. So, a very crude relationship, Caelius had remarked, was that the more disquieted the veil, the more turbulent the world. Tabitha had been very patient in her rebuttal of his simplicity of her hypothesis. It wasn't completely wild, Caelius could see that. But it was as one might leave a window open on a top floor, and a breeze had got hold of the curtain on a summer's day, catching its wind into it, sail-like. An unsettled country. Sounds about right, thought Caelius. Heaven knows what the veil-forecast would have been like a week before, when the Witan was. Now, around him, all around him, on the face of it, the world was getting on, people were working together, as he had always dreamed, against the extremism of conjurism and, little-by-little, the non-wizards had been standing together with wizards. Ann Blewitt, for example, had gone on a Reciprocator shift with Tonks the night before. A few days before that, she and Petunia Black had organised a women's peace march – just a few women, but enough to garner publicity, during which Snape had wasted no time in bringing some of the seventh year students, Sam Potter and Fraser Blewitt amongst them, for political experience to see the domestic-political actions of peace. Snape had spoken at length to Petunia – about which, Caelius could only guess – but the event had the feeling of calm declaration: women, they were saying, were refusing to be divided on magical ability, and were united on more than just a matter. Further, in the non-wizard government a bill was proposed enshrining the rights of conjurists, wizards' historical rights and freedom to practise, alongside personal safety and public responsibility, allowing wizards exercising their rights and freedoms to consider how non-wizards' safety could be respected. Had the women's march not have happened then, Caelius was sure, this would not have happened so soon. And it was...all well, and good. People had their pensieves back, a handy way to communicate. And yet, he knew – he knew, that the measures he must take tomorrow morning – that morning, Caelius thought, for it must be the early hours, to limit wizard interaction between wizard institutions and reverse the idiotic knowledge collaboration. Who would sanction that when powerful wizard or wizards were engineering conjurism as a device for prejudice and violence? It would be temporary, Caelius would stress. He would also stress that the collaborative unity between wizards and non—wizards had been very successful in a short amount of time and so, if it could continue and be expanded, then his measures could be reviewed, reduced, or removed. All very well and good. But, in addition to the communication black-out already in force, the automatic recording of all spells of all wizards was his proposal. It didn't matter if they didn't agree with it; he would be doing it any way for it was merely a continuation of what he had been doing on a smaller scale, to a lesser extent, since he had become Minister for Magic in any case. Better to ask forgiveness than permission. But, with more surveillance, things like the embarrassment of the things which came out at the Witan – the false memory; Vincento's confirmation as a conjurist and even a few days ago having to admit to Snape the extent to what had been stolen from the break-in from Snape's Ministry office. Ethically suspect, in-depth surveillance would solve a lot of issues and prevent a good deal of situations in their tracks before they had begun. Replacing his socks and his shoes, before allowing his dark-grey robe to fall long and sleek, Caelius reached into it to withdraw his amber-coloured vial which Snape had provided him with over a week ago, removing the ground-glass stopper, looking at it and picturing his nephew's face for a moment, before draining the last of the contents. It would have to do. All of it. All of this would have to do. 8888888 "If you let it just be then conjurists will move by stealth. We may as well forget promotion of understanding and tolerance as non -wizards!" If the meeting Caelius was presiding over could have got any worse, then the Minister for Magic couldn't imagine it. It was dragging on far too long for one thing: usually, a meeting to secure formalities would generally last at most an hour and a half, including time to assign responsibilities arising from the discussion. This was pushing midday and Caelius had barely got through to item three. The witan, the Halloween Games events, the events of Halloween. Even the personal views of the ministers themselves were being drawn on here, and they had made barely any progress, little of it was clear, and it could not be relied on that if one wizard, should he or she have voiced an opinion one way just before, that they would be voting in the same way on an almost identical matter in a few minutes' time. "If I could just point out," Caelius fought for a measure of calm in the turbulence of discussion that had been had in his boardroom, "that the non-wizard government has protected wizard rights legally long before the witan proposed we did the same for non-wizards, nor indeed for ourselves." "And, should we do that," Benjamin Wergs pointed out, "we will be protecting in law conjurists as well. We will be saying that what they are doing is alright!" "I disagree," cut in Evelyn Forteskew, eyes red from lack of sleep – she had been given extra responsibilities covering the integration of the NWRs with both the Aurors and with the Reciprocators. "By not discriminating against wizarding beliefs that de-fuses the situation, and removes the need for extremity." "Yes, yes," several of his cabinet agreed; Benjamin however, was shaking his head, fervently. He had spent forty-eight hours over the Halloween attack weekend working on the front line with non-wizards, assisting the aurors and the non-wizard police to help with the severe injuries that came from the splintering and shattering of the glass; he had comforted the nerves of older and more vulnerable non-wizards terrorised by the night; he had taken badly injured children to hospital. While Ben had never had actually supported conjurism he had never actively opposed it until he had endured those two utterly exhausting days and nights. Caelius got to his feet. It would come down to him in any case; it always would and the discussion around him was academic. But that they had debated each point – at length - and come to a conclusion was significant to the transparency of the Ministry for Magic cabinet. "I agree with you, Benjamin. None of us here will ever be the same as we were before the broken glass attacks. All of us here, every one of us - " Caelius nodded to each of his cabinet, Ben Wergs, the Mullen twins; Mr and Mrs Lestrange; Demescue Goole, his grey, black hair flopping wildly on the back of his head as he nodded slowly at something unexplained – was it to Caelius's point? Or was it something only 'Scue knew as he listened in silence?; Hervert Herbert folded his arms and closed his eyes. There was no doubt about his opinion, more of the former from the Head of the Aurors, that conjurists, all conjurists, should be limited in whatever way possible. "We have, however, enough in our law that, should conjurists become a problem they would not allow unlimited assemblance of magic. It has been highlighted to the wizarding population that wizards with such extreme views are a damaging to relations with non-wizards: we share a home with them on these islands; we live with them. They are us bar for a few genes. I am secure in the knowledge that wizards are now self-policing in that respect. But I am also aware that it is prudent to increase security and vigilance to critical levels - " he waited for the mutterings that were his cabinet in disagreement. But Caelius Lupin found, to his amazement, that they were sitting in silent awe, watching, waiting for him to speak. "Our culture is also right to be protected," Caelius went on. "Regardless of my desire, which all of you know is to unite wizards and non-wizards, we need to know where we have come from; what foul and awe-ful deeds have been performed, vast and terrible. By knowing them, by recognising it is wizard-kind who have perpetrated these crimes, we acknowledge why we wish to co-exist peacefully." "Hear-hear." Mick Mullen was on his feet now. Tall, rangy, but still athletic enough to catch a man half his age on foot, Mick swiped back a lock of hair which had fallen over his face. "I could not have put that better myself. "I second your proposals blind, Caelius." "What?" said his brother, shocked. "You don't want to hear what the twisty beg - " his twinkly eye caught that of Caelius, who still had a glint of the moon-induced wolf in him, " - I mean, "The Minister for Magic" has to say?" In eagerness, the rest of the Cabinet leaned towards them both. "No, little brother," Mick shook his head. "Otherwise we will be here all day. It's nearly lunchtime as it is and I'm starving." He looked across at Caelius, getting to his feet, then bowed his head. "I second your proposals. May they be wise and just, and in the interests of all people in this land. And may they be fast in their concluding because, I don't know about you, but I'm getting hungry." 88888888 It was a big surprise to find Snape's message in his grate that evening. Harry had only just decided to return back to their house as Hermione had messaged him at his office at the Ministry to say she was working late again in order to complete a big bulk of law documents to plough through and although he was welcome in Strasbourg, it was up to him. So, he decided that a night in his own bed, rather than a clinical, pristine suite of rooms was what he wanted, with their food, furniture and belongings. So he could put the mid-week quidditch on and see how the European championships were getting on and contact Ron by floo and see if he were free. The evening shift of the Reciprocators would have begun now; there would be no point heading over to Grimmauld Place to discuss the beautiful game. Neither would anyone want to discuss the NWRs, who were now much more benign than anyone had noticed before, or the trial. Nor, even, Christmas, in all honesty, despite being three weeks away. Yes there was harmony between wizards and non wizards, but only just. Even Harry's mum seemed happier, though still she worried. And she had been spending time away from Grimmauld place, his dad had explained – their house was still a burned shell and they could not return; Sam's recent treatment may also account for some of it. Ron wasn't free, as it turned out, and Harry was almost going to ignore the intermittent flashing in the hearth indicating that a message was pending from an earlier seeker of a conversation by floo powder who had gone to the trouble to leave a message. Snape's message was short and guarded. It asked Harry to simply meet him outside his home at a given time and date. Harry knew the message type: the time and date would be determined at random for security. In the chill of the night Harry stood, the glow of the electric lights indoors beguiling him to come back to the sofa, pick up his butterbeer, put his feet on the cushions and enjoy for the pre-match build-up, and he scanned the road – and the sky – for signs of his former potions teacher. When he was about to go back in and enjoy said comforts a voice near his ear intoned, "Thank you for your patience, Mister Potter." Harry turned on his heel, taken aback at Snape's silent entry. "I apologise; it was necessary for my arrival at your humble abode to be as inconspicuous as possible. You were going inside?" Inside indeed, but not for the reasons he'd imagined, and Harry closed, and bolted, the heavy front door, trying to ignore Severus Snape's emphasis on the word "humble". Yes, it was "humble" if you had to start from scratch in a recession on Government wages and a wedding to pay for. At least Hermione had had a promotion. "Of course," nodded Snape, stepping through into the living room, past the stairs and, double-taking the television, stood by the French windows, wand raised, before casting an impervious charm on them. "I do apologise, Harry. Times are, indeed, tough. I trust Hermione is well? Enjoying her work?" "Yes," agreed Harry, "although I never seem to see much of her these days. Still, at least it's nearly Christmas. Will you sit down?" Snape looked at the settee as if Harry has asked him to sit in a large tub of ice-cream, frowned, and then said, "Thank you, no. I will not be stopping long; I will not keep you from the quidditch." He frowned in the direction of the television. "I will come straight to the point: you have in your possession – in this very house, Mr. Potter - several books, documents and artefacts which you have, in a manner of speaking, been keeping safe for some months. One book to which I am referring was written by Mrs Frobisher when she first came into our...company...many years ago..." "Oh! Yes! I see!" After the slight pause, it was as if a light had been switched on and Harry suddenly knew what Snape was talking about. "But...oh! Sorry, Professor! I think I threw them away, thinking they were just junk. I did, or perhaps it was Hermione, come to think of it." Harry put his fingertips to his forehead, crinkling it in the effort of thought. "They were left on my doorstep one morning in the summer by some random stranger..." "Yes." Snape's economy of both reply and gesture struck Harry as significant. And disconcerting. "You?" "Indeed. Who else, Mister Potter, than the person about whom the work was written? Being an historian, of course, you understand the power of words. These words, I feared, were to have fallen into enemy hands, by which I mean the conjurists guilty of the 30th October devastations. I did leave them with you for their safety and security." Harry frowned deeply, running his hands through his hair, wondering whether it would have probably helped if Snape had actually bothered to explain to Harry what he was doing rather than just letting him wonder why what to him looked like a lot of junk was actually of immediate critical significance to the headmaster. "They're thrown away.." However, Snape's implacable stare conveyed to Harry that the matter was not simply going to be dismissed as easily as all that. Running his fingers through his hair again, Harry left the living room and headed into the kitchen, opening the cupboard that was under the stairs. He'd thrown them in here, once, he remembered, after reading through them with Ron and Hermione. But that had been a long time ago... "Maybe in here? What was it called again, Severus?" "Harry Potter and the Story that Never Was." "And this "Harry Potter" story I last had under the stairs..." mused Harry, moving boxes and books, a toolkit, some old shoes, a box of paints and a pair of badminton racquets. "I know it's been in here at some stage..." At length Harry crawled out. "I'm approaching this all wrong," he said at last, pointing his wand to the cupboard. "Accio "Harry Potter and the Story that Never Was." Immediately, a rattling came from deep within the cupboard; Harry just about had enough time to move as a book the size of an encyclopedia and almost as thick flew towards him and out of the small door, landing in the worn blue-grey carpet of the dining room. With satisfaction, Snape bent his knees, stooping to scoop up the book, looking carefully at the front cover, his eyes gracing each word of the title. "There was another; a thicker book. One, which to you, might have looked empty; a sheaf of notes maybe? And "Mysterious Mythology"?" "Accio...books!" declared Harry, uncertainly, for Snape's nebulous description did nothing to help reveal distinguishing features of what he had left. But, he was right. Where "The Story that Never Was" had landed, which Snape had laid on the old, 1960s dining room table, another book, thinner, like a notebook, stuffed with loose leaves also landed and, indeed, a copy of "Mysterious Mythology". Placing these others onto the table, Snape bent over them, pushing Cecilia's novel about Harry to one side, and then, "Mysterious Mythology." "Ah, ah," sighed the wizard as he leafed through the notebook, with obvious satisfaction, before looking at Harry, nodding, a rare smile passing over his features. "Tabitha, dear Tabitha was right indeed!" He pointed to a page, half-filled with writing, a flower doodled into a corner. "She was right about leaving them with you, of course, Harry, for which Conjurist could have discovered them in your under-stairs cupboard without a great deal of effort, I wouldn't like to begin to guess!" Harry said nothing, unsure how to respond to Snape's last comment. He was usually direct in his criticism, and yet, it was clear that his disorganisation had gone some way to allowing them to still be here when he was sure he had thrown them away, and if not he, then Hermione, definitely, when they had been in Strasbourg. "But they've definitely been disposed of..." Harry insisted, watching Snape turn back through the notebook pages, reading through them carefully, from the most recent, backwards. "Biblioinflamore." Snape said, dismissively. "A version of it. To prevent destruction. I ensured that if they were to be thrown away, they would instantly reappear at the place where you first set them down: there - " he pointed over his shoulder towards the cupboard, without looking up as he continued to read. "Harry, I must share with you a secret." Snape turned quickly, catching Harry off-guard as he held onto his forearm, staring at him intently. "What you have here is very important. Vital. The books you have once belonged to Cecilia Lupin, with whom I worked, and with whom I am trying to work on, well, several things, as you know. One of these books is allowing me to gain access to her work at Durmstrang which, I am sure you understand, in light of the verdict at the Witan, amongst other things, puts us at an advantage." Mrs Lupin, thought Harry, picturing the non-wizard woman, who just dropped in one day at Grimmauld Place, so his parents told him, when Aberforth Dumbledore was in charge, and messed up their lives, according to mum, and wrote that book, which was, well, strange, when you'd never met the person before and just got out of school and someone was writing a book about you and giving it away. Mrs Lupin Strange Mrs Lupin. "Do you understand?" "If you can know more by having access to her work through these documents, then that's an advantage, isn't it?" "Yes," nodded Snape, bowing his head in his nod, as he turned it to look back at it, releasing his hold. "A most distinct one. It is most unfortunate that we may not communicate back, but, this will have to do." He pointed to the words on the page. Harry looked over, trying to understand what had been written. Something to do with genetics, it seemed to him. He had never been very good at muggle studies at school. Now...children these days..they had so many different opportunities there, like Sam did. Harry tore his mind away from the blow that had been his brother's ignominy of late and asked Snape, "Is it the Universal Link? Something like this book?" He gestured towards "The Story that Never Was". "She has...she has, it would seem...made some progress on the illness of Remus, of her husband, Harry. Up to now, I have to admit, a lot of these pages were her still preoccupied with the work...she and I were involved in at Hedgewards. But I did, of late, manage to resolve that for her, something which was...weighing heavy on her mind, as we had worked on it for so long." And she was going freakishly loopy, then, like mum said, thought Harry, because magic isn't for non-wizards. "I wouldn't let Caelius hear that opinion," intoned Snape. "Yes, the work wore Cecilia deep. But it is over, and, she can rest easily now, or easier, at least, away as she is from her husband, and her son and her home. It's pity she deserves, Harry, rather than scorn for whatever weakness is perceived of her." He stood up, piling the three books together. "I...apologise..." "People are...different. I think that was why she wrote that book, with you in it. Maybe she was trying to get that point across. That's why we do what we do as reciprocators, as aurors, as teachers. But maybe that message gets lost. Had it not been for Mrs Lupin, I wouldn't have got so far with Sirius's potion for his recovery. Harry had been to see Sirius at Gimmauld Place His godfather had been getting stronger and he was undertaking light reciprocator duties – timetabling; recording wizards in and out on shifts. But he had still been too ill to testify at trhe Witan as he was desperate to have done. "I fear I need to modify his wolfsbane more; her work gives me more time to do this. Yet... "But you perfected it, Severus," replied Harry. "You're famous the world over for the Wolfsbane potion." Snape's face remained impassive. "It works for Caelius and his efficacy, and for those who suffer as he does. He contracted it when he was small, and from a different breed of werewolf. Those who attacked Remus and Sirius had been bred differently, somehow, selectively bred, I believe, to be fiercer. No," Snape shook his head, folding the papers which had slipped out of Cecilia's notebook, "for Sirius, it hasn't worked as I had expected up to now. Either the potion needs refining and my ingredients are not good enough yet, or his infection is not as it seemed, or there is something missing. And - " Snape got to his feet, pushing the old kitchen chair away from the table, looking at Harry carefully, "due to the political nature of things I am not free to ask as once I was to ask the questions that I need to carry this out without bias. Someone would always be ready to say my reasons were conjurist-motivated and once someone in authority voices words like that no amount of protest to the contrary, and no amount of silence can bulwark the tide of outrage at the perceived offence. No Harry, I forsaw a day when I may need this work, well, I say "I": our beloved Tabitha did. I merely acted on her hunch – to do so had always been fruitful." "We are lucky to have Tabitha." Snape paused, before saying, "Indeed." "There is something that I need you to do now, Harry Potter, with these three books. There will come a time when you will know to bring them to me. Up to then, hide them as well as you did last time, in your horrendously-organised under-stairs cupboard." "But, I - " "Now, to leave you to your quidditch My visit has been more valuable than you can know. Keep them safe, Harry." Snape strode towards the front door, his hair and black robe flapping as he opened the door, then turned, and growled, "My thanks, Mr. Potter. All our thanks." 88888888 It had been a trying day. Cecilia's lessons seemed to have lasted that week longer, and been more time-consuming than they actually needed to be; all of the students seemed to want to gain her attention for extra study sessions or for them to be set extra work over the holidays (few of the Durmstrang students would actually be returning home for Christmas – or Yule as it was in Norway – which Cecilia had always thought was very sad on this the now third Christmas she had been there). So tiring, so demanding. But at least a few things were off her mind, so to speak, or could not be handled any more by her. And she would be back for Christmas – Petunia had said so; Septimus had said so, and she knew that Severus would never have allowed his hopes to be built up by Caelius if it hadn't been the case. A week. Just a week until Christmas Eve. It couldn't happen fast enough for her. To be gone from the Durmstrang Institute with her research for Snape, with her potions, with her books, to her son, to her husband. Away from... Pulling Petunia's cardigan around her and attempting a spell in the grate for a fire in her classroom, Cecilia closed her eyes, lessening the stimulus from the already dull room, lit only by candles. The fourth years had just finished their lesson about genetics and she was glad of the peace, evening that it was; quiet as it was, so unlike Hedgewards, with children bustling around, wanting your attention at the drop of a hat. Usually, that was lovely, and Cecilia was more than happy to help, but now...just now...she felt as if all the energy had been pulled out of her, every last drop, and it had taken all of her effort to keep her calm with the impeccable class who had merely asked for the customary holiday work, because Cecilia knew she should have prepared it for the lesson, and hadn't. All that week, she had spent sleeping more than she usually would, whether it was the change in weather, as the intense cold shrouding the island-school was penetrating the three foot thick basalt walls and making their breath visible in the mornings. Cecilia also hadn't been feeling well, either: she had suffered from a sore throat and headache for a lot of the week, and had soldiered on. Nothing to put her finger on, though Ragnhild had nursed her with oranges and lemons from her larder that she had wisely stored early in the autumn in the annex in her own classroom, roots, vegetables, leaves of all kinds sticking out from shelves, Cecilia noticed, as she had drunk some the other day, listening to an appendix to Ragnhild's redhead research, and questioning Cecilia as to her opinion on the evolutionary advantage of solitude and attunement of senses. Cecilia had answered that the only advantage she could see was that it would be good for a pioneering character, a person or people who didn't mind solitude, could tolerate time away from society. That they could survive on their own and not overly depend on family to support them. That they could be self-sufficient. Traits such as these, where there was less need to communicate verbally and intuition and self-reliance came to the fore, Cecilia said, would be ideal in adventurers and travellers, rather than settlers. Ragnhild then went on to say that, such traits she had found far more common in red-headed populations, in witches and wizards and from Nordic countries, that is, Scandinavian countries, where once originated the Vikings. Cecilia had laughed, and then smiled at the links her friend had made. Vikings, those who had gone a-viking – raiding overseas from Norway, Sweden and Denmark - had a higher concentration of wizards and witches in their societies then? Of course, if Ragnhild was going to validate her hypothesis she needed to have more than one piece of evidence to back it up, and verification from more than one source. Better still, from other geneticists, or wizards who would be able to communicate with her in that regard, but Ragnhild had just smiled, and closed her book, saying that the lack of European communication was a blessing to her: it was overwhelming enough working in the most isolated school that she could imagine to be in; to attempt to liaise academically with other professionals about this would cause her to be get really ill. Let it go, thought Cecilia to herself, as she warmed herself by the fire, pulling her cardigan around her again. You can't investigate everything. Long you have known the difference, since you are not a twenty-something muggle again, desperately trying to prove yourself. Let it go; trust someone else will pick it up, or that they won't. And you can't solve Ragnhild's problem for her, like she can't solve yours for you, whatever she can see that she knows will happen and can't specifically say. And she'd been right, that tall, beautiful, blonde truthteller-friend of hers. Cecilia had let down her defences against her feelings towards Lindvald Halen and allowed him to help her with her research for Remus and he'd managed to help her make more progress in two hours than she would have been able to do in two years, with her limited, environment-induced magic. She was so grateful for the wizard; so grateful of the witch, two people, stuck out here, on a rock in the very north of the North sea, almost so northerly that it was the Atlantic, or even the Arctic ocean, a place politically and geographically belonging to Norway but feeling ever since she had been sent there that it was a world of its own, surrounded by sheer rocks and impenetrable ocean - how she had come to regard them as close friends in her heart, and appreciate their friendship of her. They were brilliant, in their own way, full of magic, full of awe-inspiring greatness which rubbed off on the students in a way that Cecilia had to work at every day. Of course she held them in esteem. And, actually, despite her desperation to get back home, she would miss them. For, she had decided, that enough was actually enough. She had all she could possibly gain from the place: she had the potions that Severus had made for her, for completeness, taking something off her mind. And now, written down in her notebook under her bed, were her notes, written down from her work with Lindvald Halen about her vampirism theory and the extensive research they had carried out. Not that she was likely to forget: unless Snape had got further, and of course, she couldn't know that since she had had no contact with anyone outside Durmstrang - no-one had - for over a fortnight, at least she could go with a strong basis for something for her husband, for Snape to work on for him. Caelius had the Auld Magic now; they didn't need her at Durmstrang any more...in fact, she had a good mind to stand her ground with Caelius on the subject when it came to his insistence - and he would insist - on her returning here. What he hoped she would achieve with little or no influence from other staff, and from teaching the children, and being away from Britain heaven only knew. But Cecilia knew that, right now, for herself, she needed to be with Septimus, and try and make the best that Christmas could offer for him, and show him what she had done for his dad. Go to see Remus – he was her husband, for heavens' sake! She still hadn't seen him since he was critically ill, deep in the cold air of St Mungo's deepest hospital ward, in the summer. How was he now? Septimus had seen him. A healer was treating him. Snape was overseeing the treatment as best as he could. Caelius, who had taken Fenrir Greyback's bite for him, when their father was guarding, "Mysterious Mythology" when they were children, was protecting him. But she was his wife; he had travelled there to pledge his love to her again; they had reconciled and sworn to forge a future together with Septimus, while she would put Durmstrang behind her. And then he was attacked and all they had planned had been taken from them. Temporarily. If she could just have this tick by, keep it all going until he was well. Fight for him, until he was recovered. Cecilia refused to believe that he would be anything other than well because... ...she looked around as the fire flickered against the wall, causing the shadows to move and dance, soothingly... ...if she did that, she might as well give up here and now. There had to be hope, or, just plain, stubborn determination, or else there would be depressive oblivion. And how would that help Septimus? Who would get up for him of a morning? Caelius? She would be damned if it was going to be him! She closed her eyes again, picturing her husband's face, thinking about him lying ill in hospital. Her mind flickered to her husband again...not here, in This Place, but there, in the Old Place...the past, the different country, so to speak, her werewolf husband. A different then. Gone. Exterminated as she made her way as an outlaw across the southern counties to Grimmauld Place, to seek out Sirius Black, to eventually end up here, in this new place, through the veil. She'd changed Joseph Black's motives, and that had changed the world. The Old Place was gone. But not forgotten. Severus Snape in the New Place had come up with the cure for him. He understood the theory behind the cure... ...the adjustment that she had sent Snape in the Old Place would have been enough to cure him of lycanthropy, and also to adjust Harry's potion. Tiny adjustmenets, nanometres in wavelength. Pico-metres. But enough to improve the efficacy of the potion and make them work. Allow Remus, old Remus, to overcome lycanthropy and Harry to defeat Voldemort... ...could it work again? It would...it must... Cecilia closed her eyes again, feeling the ache of tiredness gnaw at her muscles. She was impatient to get home, so very much. To organise the house, to try to make it feel like Christmas, even for herself, when there would be only her and Septimus there. To wonder how she would be treated and accepted there, when, despite everything, Ragnhild and Lindvald seemed to accept her regardless of her feelings of the school and her constant longing to be gone from the place. And now, with the trial over, yes...yes! She felt emboldened enough to call Caelius's bluff and tell him what she thought of his plan to send her back after Christmas. He had enough on his plate to deal with as it was, without her causing a fuss. She wasn't that important to him – no-one is that important. At least find a way of delaying her return, if nothing else. So she must thank them both, if she wasn't coming back: Ragnhild for her honesty and care for her wellbeing; Lindvald for his...care, too. He was also someone she could talk to, and she was grateful for his help. More than grateful, a little voice said in her mind, her pulse quickening a little as his face slowly faded up into her mind-view. Cecilia pushed it away sharply, chiding her own frivolousness: she was here to work not to...feel...what? Now that she thought of it, was it any more than gratitude for what he had done? Yes. She was grateful. And he merely reminded her of...the past, maybe, that rose-tinted country full of pain and sorrow, leaving her here with her beloved son, and these wizards, but no Voldemort. Her mind wandered to the night Lind helped her, and how Snape in the Old Place had been the same. Thar same feeling of camaraderie. Of an understanding that didn't need words and would mean nothing to any onlooker. Snape here and Cecilia did not work in the same way. How was it that two hours in Lindvald Halen's company could make her feel as if she were twenty eight again, having been taken to Hogwarts by Albus Dumbledore, working on a potion for Harry Potter – the result of which lay in two vials under her bed in this school, in this reality? Five or six months at Hogwarts, compared to nearly eight years here, and yet, Lind had stirred in her memories, feelings, which she had thought long buried. And that was just the thoughts she had allowed herself to think of Snape...the extent that he reminded her of Remus back there, Remus who had taken her back to her house after Sirius, twisted and tormented from his friends' death had tried to prevent her from working... ...by his unselfish offer to help, the young wizard was unknowingly reminding her of the slow evolution of her love for Remus Lupin, of the times he had been there offering to help when she had been struggling against the odds to prepare Harry's potion; shielded her against Sirius Black's prejudice of her; developed feelings for her; carried her off from Grimmauld Place after his friend had put a blood deed on her her head under Kreacher's hand...all of those things, long ago resolved to the deeply-buried coffin in the graveyard of personal history had sprung back into life in her mind all by a wizard's offer to help the same man she loved here lying ill in the hospital bed in London having been savaged by a vampire, with whom their marriage she had vowed to save. But wasn't the same Remus Lupin. And it wasn't the same love. By the heat of the fire Cecilia buried her head. Last time she had felt like this, it was Aberforth Dumbledore to whom she had spoken, and she had got it out of her system by writing that wretched book about Harry. Silly. Naive. Even more so when she'd continued in her diary, only to be betrayed by the girl whom she had adopted and raised as her own, a sister, to all intents and purposes, for Septimus, Freya Mitchell, an orphan at the time that her book was published. Maybe things weren't supposed turn out well the second time, just because they had the first time. No. She didn't believe that! Science wasn't like that: you couldn't control people's actions anyway, not even if you wanted to! Things had seemed to be going so well at the time: she had got together with Remus so quickly, almost poetically so, and got pregnant with Septimus almost as quickly, though he was born a little prematurely, he was the epitome of health the whole of his life, and those eight years of working at Hedgewards with Remus raising him had worked well for them. But things had driven them apart a little, not least her not being a witch - he knew that bothered the reciprocators. Cecilia laughed, out loud, shaking her head as she watched the flames dance in the hearth. Even without Voldemort, even an organisation designed to promote wizard-non-wizard co-operation, where it would be assumed that there would be so little prejudice that it could be so noticeable, it was there, hidden so well, just beneath the surface, that perhaps even they didn't realise they were doing it. Maybe that's what Aberforth meant, in one of his last conversations with her before he died when he told Cecilia that she a lot to teach everyone here, not just the children. But how, Aberforth, when I am alone? When I am stuck here away from my son, under Caelius Lupin's micro-management of me? And who is to say that her Remus there would not have turned out to be the same as her Remus here – slightly aloof and refusing to fight his brother when he insisted she was sent here? She could never know; in the Old Place, Remus bore the burden of lycanthropy; he bore the loss of his friends and lived through the time of Voldemort. Caelius had never lived to adulthood... ...and so...he can't manage my past! thought Cecilia, the idea mushrooming up into her mind. In her past, he didn't exist; he died. She closed her eyes. Maybe that's what Ragnhild meant by feel the answer, not think it. But the woman doesn't realise the extent to which I feel things, especially...Friday...her work...done...like a light had switched on in her black mind...brown, wavy hair, long nose, hazel eyes dark as a walk on a fresh autumn morning, smile like a child, innocent, yet knowing, as if all cynicism and betrayal that the world was capable of had yet to ever touch him. Unpreposessing, unimposing - unlike so many of the wizards she had met. And his brilliance, true brilliance that she had not seen in a long time...why was it that her senses were so addled when it came to the subject of... ...Lindvald Halen... "Yes?" Cecilia jumped, knocking her large tea mug onto the floor as the wizard stood there, having seemingly knocked on her classroom door several times, the door now open from his insistent tapping, knocking comically against the oak panel that formed the lower section of the classroom wall that ran up to the small, glazed window. "I'm sorry to have made you jump, Mrs Lupin. You seemed lost in your own world," he added, pointing his wand at the broken mug. "Reparo!", he commanded. The mug shards instantly jumped to attention, as if soldiers being called into line by their sergeant-major, before flying together and reforming into their original shape. Lindvald swept the mug out of the air, handing it back to Cecilia, who was watching wide eyed, not least because his presence had come as a bit of a shock. "Er..." she said, feeling a little dim-sensed, having sat by the fire for a little too long and feeling that the power of speech had temporarily left her. "Lindvald! I wasn't expecting visitors. Clearly," she added, trailing her hand in an arc as if to show she was "off duty" so to speak. She swallowed, her mouth dry, and blinked a couple of times, before getting to her feet. "How can I help you?" "Actually, yes, there is something I've come to ask you about," Lindvald conceded, sitting down on a chair next to where she had been sitting. Cecilia sat back down, inclining her head, listening. If he needed her help, then of course she would try. "Cecilia, I am at a loss. I - " Getting to his feet again, he looked at the classroom doors, before raising his arms like a conductor about to start an orchestra, then sealing them shut. Once he had done that, he let his arms slowly fall, his head joined it, inclining a little to the floor, before looking across at Cecilia. "I need your help..." He tailed off as he held Cecilia's gaze. Cecilia smiled, trying to diffuse the intensity of the wizard looking at her. He did not return the smile, but he did, after a moment, begin to explain, not taking his brown eyes off her. "I told you once, Mrs Lupin, that I had never been to a wizarding school. My whole life I grew up learning magic, wild magic, before taking paid work at Beauxbatons school, in France." Cecilia nodded, wondering where this was going. Ten minutes ago, she had been planning her evening, involving hot water and then clean sheets before sleeping. Now, a genius wizard had come to her to unburden to her how inadequate he was feeling. "I can do a good deal myself, believe me. But there is something, something I am missing. I know, I know I couldn't help it: my parents couldn't send me when I might have learned something at Hedgewards." He looked pained. "I need to tell you something which is vital to my research. I curse the day that Caelius Lupin and Draco Malfoy decided to cut off the research links I had to Beauxbatons and the one in the British Ministry!" The wizard got to his feet, folding his arms in a way that Cecilia felt that a part of her recognised, and he glared at her fireplace as if it was its fault. "I was getting so far, so far! And I nearly had the right frequency and quantum spin to prove my hypothesis but I couldn't set the experiment up because of the time difference, and, when we'd solved that, communication was blocked altogether!" "Quantum spin?" Cecilia repeated, looking across to him, intrigued. "What do you hope to prove with quantum spin?" "Time shift." He said simply. "Time shift in magic. It's as simple as that, but as complicated as you could imagine. Possibly imagine." "Would you like to tell me?" she asked. It wasn't an entirely altruistic: it had been a long time since she had heard anything new in wizard research, especially something that appeared to link science with it. "Where time speeds up, or slows down in the presence of magic for that magical person, or because of a spell. You know about the idea of time being non-linear, Mrs Lupin? Like Einstein postulated? It can be stretched, warped, and so on?" Cecilia nodded. "I couldn't believe it when I got to Beauxbatons to teach and I was told that no-one had ever thought about how spells and magic could manipulate time. I mean, there are time-turners, and people have looked into those. But, it seems, only in the practical uses of them, in engineering, in reproducibility and precision and accuracy. Not actually how they do it. And so then I began to think about other spells that seem to change time, either for the observer, or the creator of the spell. Can you believe it? No-one has ever researched this!" Cecilia stared back. That really was amazing. Lind seemed to have stumbled on a research area so potentially vast that it had any number of possibilities and yet, it hadn't been thought about. "That really is amazing, Lind," she said aloud. "Where have you got to, so far?" "Well, I had to narrow down my choice of research. I chose the fundamental. Time itself. I want to know exactly what happens when time spells are used, and what happens to the view of the observer and the conjurer. For example, Ragnhild, here. She is a Narratoveritia, a truthteller. But how is it that this works? I have the hypothesis that people travel along their time paths at different speeds and different times. Ragnhild is on a different path, a slightly faster one, which is warped so she has already experienced it compared to the rest of us so she is slightly ahead of everyone else. She was born with this gift, or, as she says, a curse." "It makes sense. Truly." "But I cannot make the final test. I cannot take the final journey alone that will verify my hypothesis. My magic is too strong; it is causing a background interference with the results and so it's useless. I did, I concede, consider Ragnhild, but it would be a cruelty. Her magic is too strong, in any case, and her condition may interfere with the result I am seeking to prove. But...I cannot do this alone. And I considered, if I were to do this, it is you, Mrs Lupin that I need." He looked across to her, the fire flickering behind her, before looking at her intently. "This is more science than it is magic. I am bold in my asking, Mrs Lupin, however I cannot think of another way. The destination I must go is open for a mere time before it will close, and I believe it will close and be lost to me after tonight. It may take me years to find another way. So I am asking, Mrs Frobisher, Cecilia, as a scientist, will you..I have come to ask..." "Yes?" "Come with me into the darkness with me, before it goes forever, to witness if I am right!" It is apt to mention at this point that it felt as if time stood still for Cecilia. Magic or not, Lindvald Halen wanted her help with his magical research. Cecilia said nothing for a moment, but then turned away, just as suddenly as the wizard's declaration of need of her, and stared at the fire. All at once, Petunia's cardigan felt the safest place in the world to be, and the fire the most comforting thing to look at. "I'm a washed up scientist; I'm no good for anything, Lind," she heard herself saying, by means of rebuttal. I'm sure there are dozens of students that would jump at the chance." She felt him sit down next to her, his breath near her head. "Who told you that? Who made you believe that? The children like you, but I do truly think you do not like yourself." "I do not want to be here!" Cecilia declared, still staring fixedly at the yellow flames, licking round the logs that were once Swedish forest, the words spilling out without caution or thought. "I want to be with my son! I must be here to...to..." "But you love you work: I know it! It cannot flow through you if you will not let it, like magic cannot flow through you in this rich, magical environment. I expect you would be a better witch." A better witch, thought Cecilia, wondering what he meant. Oh, but of course, she had a little residual magic, and here she was supposed to be pretending to be able to do magic. "Cecilia," she felt a hand on her shoulder. "You try hard. But it is clear that you are a witch who has learned magic in her environment. Red hair, prefer to work alone, hard to get along with people - " " - you spoke to Ragnhild about her research too?" Cecilia asked, smiling a little. Lind smiled too. "You had trouble with the research for your husband not because you didn't know the spells but you didn't have the ability to perform them. You are either a non-wizard or a wizard with very limited magic but has learned to adapt, and your brilliance is, not in your magic but your resilience in continuing to work, day in, day out, to do what I, Professor Ur, Professor Andersson, these children, find easy." Cecilia felt herself turn, to look at the face that she held in her mind's eye all too readily, her own tear-streaked, angry. Angry at herself, angry at the world. "The work is not easy, but I think you will find it so," continued Lind. "But it is...something, I confess, that I cannot do precisely because I cannot stop my magic. You can, and you can do this for me. You are the only person who can, I imagine. You are not washed-up, Mrs Lupin, far from it: this work I do, it concerns rather more science than magic. It needs someone with logic and foresight and determination. Tabitha Penwright gave me the start I needed. And you, you have merely had so much more to deal with in your life up to yet than another person of your age. There is beauty in resilience." His brown eyes shimmered like the darkest of amber in the brightest of sunlight. "There is nobility in strength of character. And I cannot walk this path alone. My hand is empty. So, if you please, I would humbly ask you again, Mrs Lupin, will you be the one to hold it?" As if a shroud of all the years had been taken from her body, as if the weight of the whole of Durmstrang – and Hedgwards – had been lifted off too, Cecilia got to her feet, with more energy than she felt that she had possessed in many years, and smiled a smile of unfettered happiness. "What do you need me to do?" He held out a hand, his palm upwards, inviting her to take it. She looked down. It was small, delicate, like a porcelain ornament, but it seemed to have the might of the strongest titanium-aluminium alloy. She extended her own and curled it around his. A bite of coldness drove into her palm as his touched hers. How cold his hands were. It was no wonder he liked to keep his classroom warm if his hands were cold like this. "If you would come with me, Mrs Lupin. I think it would be better in my classroom – it is warmer in there, and you look as if you need a little refreshment. Did you eat dinner?" Cecilia shook her head. "Stew, I think the house-elves have made. I'll have them send something up to my classroom. Now, would you be so kind as to accompany me, Mrs Lupin? 88888888 "I have a potion which I have formulated that reduces the person's background energy to that of the environment. Up here, in Durmstrang, in the cold, it helps to minimise it further still, and acts like a semi-conductor between the body's cells for the metabolism of the energy." Cecilia nodded. It was fundamental magical-scientific theory, something here, in the New Place, that was a given in the same way that parental DNA-testing was an unquestioned fact. Sitting by the fireplace, Lindvald had sealed his classroom door too, once Cecilia had eaten, and he held up the colourless liquid. Cecilia stared at it, from his own teacher's chair before getting up for a closer look. Lind gave it to her, unquestioningly, before removing a second bottle from his robe, identical to that she had taken. "It works with emotion, and I believe it can be altered either by genetic conditions, or by nurture, given the correct energy signature. It's like musical harmony, like a symphony composed by the best, played by a virtuoso on the best instruments in the best opera house. You need all of the conditions to be right... ...all that's for the future, of course," he added, watching Cecilia look at the vial. "This has to be the first thing, or else there will be no reason to test anything else." And Cecilia thought... ...Harry Potter, being saved in the Old Place, by his mother's love, that was the emotion...then, ...if that potion had been drunk by him in the Ministry, at the right time...if Voldemort had been there, the place was like an echo chamber, the spell could not fail, and he was by the veil...it all made sense, it all made beautiful sense...the conditions had to be right...if he had the potions...if he had the place...he had the protection of course, from his mother, but it had to be right at the same time... She stared at Lindvald... "It feels like natural magic to me," she said. "It feels, no...this is going to sound foolish..." "...go on?" he urged, gently. "It feels like how nature intended magic to be – the conditions all to be right. If you look at science, science is just humans manipulating the laws of nature. It seems as if you've just stumbled on how time spells work, and they might just work because the world has evolved like that. What?" she added, self consciously, as she reaslied Lind was staring at her. "Well put," he replied. "And, we should continue, Mr Halen," added Cecilia, taking the initiative to move across to the fireplace. He motioned to her to drink the contents, as he did so himself. Cecilia paused. Did she want to spill her emotions to this wizard? One she was feeling none-too-professional feelings to? Dare I not, her second thoughts shot back, across her cerebellum, trying to ignore her physical instincts towards him, attractive as his brain was to her so, Cecilia was realising, were wizard's handsome features. She had promised, and in a week she would be gone. She had fought stronger feelings than this: Lindvald Halen was just a walk in the park to overcome: a young man. It wasnt his fault. Besides, Ragnhild had told her not to worry, and to let go the guard to her feelings. She uncorked the potion, waiting for it to taste disgusting and was pleasantly surprised when it tasted of lemon-water. Well, they did things differently in Scandinavia, didn't they...? I have a husband who is seriously ill! Cecilia scolded herself. I cannot, I will not... Beside the wizard she sat as she looked at the grate. From his sitting position, Lindvald was holding his wand. The fire glowed, not a hot red, or a yellow, but flickered a blackness, a void, as if it was space itself moving away from the atoms around it. Scientists had the name for something like this, and Cecilia knew that astronomers had shown that one of these exists at the centre of every galaxy... ...with merriment in his face, Lindvald Halen offered her his hand. Cecilia took it. What she was doing there, sitting by this younger wizard, participating in his experiment, when logic told her everything was wrong about all of this, a part of her brain was still screaming at her about it, she didn't know. But she knew a person asking her for help, and it was one thing she found the most difficult thing to refuse. She looked at Lindvald, who smiled broadly at her. "Ready?" "What is it you need me to do?" "Nothing? Just be yourself. I need only to record the background of the spell in the environment, Cecilia, with you beside me. Then I will know. If you feel anything, if your emotions are aroused, it will not matter; my manuscript will record the quantum wavelength data of our cellular metabolism of the energy, and compare them to both the background reading and also to one another." "It's a black hole, isn't it?" "It's a black hole." Lindvald nodded. "But we will just be at the very cusp of the event horizon. Are you ready?" Ready to hold onto the cold hand of a wizard who I cannot rationalise my feelings about and participate in a time/quantum energy experiment on the outskirts of a black hole? She held his hand tighter. This time, it definitely felt warmer than it had done the first time. "Yes," she nodded. Lind circled his wand. And they were falling. Or were they flying? In any case, like old 1960s-BBC animation, blackness was engulfing them. And Cecilia was feeling...everything... 88888888 "It was...like I couldn't imagine it not doing," said Cecilia, clumsily, trying to think of words that accurately conveyed everything that she had sensed being in the black hole. She could, if she had wanted to, be interested in Lindvald's science-magic now, after experiencing that. But, a wise man once said that there were things that you could change, and things that you couldn't and the wisdom came from knowing the difference. This was the difference. Her plate was full, as was her heart. As for her feelings, well..they were best left unanalysed for the moment... Lind looked at her, then past her, and then let go of her hand. He stood up and made his way lightly towards his table. A manuscript had...stopped producing writing as he waved his hand over it. "Do you have what you need?" "It will take me some time to go over this. But, if you mean, did we carry the experiment out together correctly, then yes. It's as I wanted. I can't keep this void open for much longer; it's taking far too much energy. But it seems..." he gave some of the work a cursory glance, moving his large, brown eyes up the page, scanning for information. "Yes, I have what I want. I think," he said, turning a cursory smile to Cecilia. She shivered, and it was nothing to do with the temperature of the room, which was very warm, Lindvald's fire irradiating infrared radiation around it very efficiently from the fireplace, so well designed, much better than in hers, and in her bedroom, too. "That is to say, I think others will have a hard time challenging it and succeeding. All of it makes sense from all I can see, it's the theory that makes everything makes sense," sighed Lindvald, his brown eyes glowing with what seemed like an inner fire, then he looked across at Cecilia. "Without you, without being here, without travelling to here, to now..." he paused, then continued, "like yourself, Cecilia, without help, it could have been months...years. I am glad to have found you." "And I you," nodded Cecilia, scrambling for the feelings let loose by the experiment lest they chose some inappropriate words with which to represent her. Now for the hard part. "I'll be leaving at the end of the week, Lindvald, and it's unlikely that I'll be returning to Durmstrang. I meant what I said in my classroom: I want to be with my family; you helped me with my husband's potion; and my son misses me, and I him, dreadfully. If my help meant as much to you as yours did to me, then I thank you." Cecilia took some steps across the oak planks towards the door, looking at them, willing her inferior magic to make them open. Obligingly, Lindvald reversed his security spells, and stood by her, his face light with happiness. "I thank you, Cecilia. You took a risk for me; it was far more than I did on your behalf. However, is that true, what you say? You plan to leave Durmstrang?" Cecilia nodded, her head just a little unsteady. It was probably just the experience she had gone through; her inner ear was probably very disorientated from the time-space location she had been in and was causing the unsettled feeling in her stomach. "Then may I take this opportunity to say thank you, thank you for being my colleague, Cecilia Lupin, and inspiring me, and working with me." Cecilia held out a hand, but the young wizard bypassed that and pulled her close, hugging her for what seemed like an eternity, before letting go, smiling broadly and saying goodbye. The steps to her bedroom seemed fewer and less effortful than they usually did that evening. Despite being kept up a few more hours than she had intended, Cecilia opened her bedroom door, and then closed it, her back pressed to it, more to keep herself from running out of it than anyone or anything from coming in. Forcing her footsteps over to her bed, Cecilia lay there, fully clothed, staring at the ceiling, trying to drag the image of her Durmstrang colleague out of her head as she pulled her knees close, remembering the close embrace from Lindvald Halen as her mind chased sleep and amnesiaical dreams. 88888888 Leaning on the nearest memory-cloud, Tabitha Penwright rested. Not that, down here, she needed to rest, in the conventional sense but, like amputees needing to exercise missing limbs, she rested, and thought. The man had gone, out of sight, once before, and that had been before the wave-cloud had backed up, like a tsunami, and washed around the...place, leaving behind, in its wake, a different set of cloud-memories. It had taken Tabitha all her might to cling on where she had been, for she knew the memory-cloud she had got to was very important. Its effect was, as she had predicted, been to correct for an untruth planted within a pensieve. She had postulated this before, and recorded it in the Mysteriour ledgers. No doubt someone would find it and realise it was important. Whether it would be at the time that the memory had corrected itself, and caused repercussions in the world, or not, that remained to be seen. To see the inner workings of the universe, so speak, was to see the world as an inventor might the outside of a car, looking at the rods, springs, axles and gears. And, like a car's frame, it could be manipulated from the outside. Of course, nobody believed that was possible. No-one, except for Tabitha Penwright. She was famed for having really crazy ideas. However, coming into fashion in magical research was the notion of balance and so, whereas, twelve years previously, when Tabitha had suggested that a particular balance of magical skill (not too little, not too much), in a place where there was a particular magical frequency then this may access magic that other wizards could not, then the idea was dismissed. Wizards, the prevailing theory had gone, meant the stronger the better. But now... Now...all she could do was...do... No-one else could have done this, their magic was too strong to survive passing beyond the veil to the store of billions of memories in a dimension un-nameable, and return. But she had done it, and proved that she could. And, more to the point, Cecilia Lupin had done it too, but this had been more pure chance than anything – who could have predicted her arrival at that particular day and time and location? Well, who could...? With that thought in her mind, it was truly appropriate for Tabitha Penwright to turn. For the man whom she had followed all those...events ago...was now there, this time indicating to Tabitha...exactly where to begin. Tabitha felt a calmness overcome her. Now was the time. The man was only there for a moment, but there for long enough for her to see him. Perhaps that was the point? In any case, he was just a few memory-clouds away, and so was...the other figure. Both were in the proximity of a memory cloud each. So...this was where to begin...? Not one to judge the actions of others, Tabitha made her way tentatively over to where they had been, making sure that she didn't disturb the others, in case they floated off into the ether and caused a domino effect of floating away, which may push the ones of interest out of reach. Once she had got there... ...Tabitha realised that it was somewhere she had been before. Dark, darker than a moonless night was this room, and yet, it was still confined. People were there and, from where Tabtha stood, she could make out a door and frame. From the reflected light of the door, more clues as to where she was became apparent: beds, metal-framed ones, were arranged, spaced out with what looked like fabric suspended between each one. From where she was standing Tabitha could just make out the raised figure of a person lying on the bed, flat, still. Dead? Was this the mortuary at the basement of the Ministry for magic? It was kept in almost the same condition as here. Yet, there seemed to be voices, and life here. There seemed to be bustle around the other beds, with people carefully moving between them. If she listened closely she could hear people talking about... "...I've given him his nightly potion. Two more doses. I think we will have her out of here by the end of the week..." "...no change, I'm afraid, sir..." A hospital. St. Mungo's surely, with the mention of potion. Tabitha looked hard, wondering whether she could see her friend Grace there. "Amazin'" they called her, not just because her name was "Grace", but because she really was amazing with the potions she had made. There was a movement in the shadows. By the bed in which Tabitha could not be seen – for she existed in a different temporal plane – a figure swept past her. The figure paused for a moment, looking about themselves as if being incredibly cautious. The figure leaned over the bed, taking the hand of the person within it, then leaned over the person's head. In the almost-darkness, to Tabitha it looked as if the person was kissing the one lying still in bed. And then, the figure sat at the end of the bed, waiting, watching... ...the door opened to reveal a shaft of light from another room. The light cut through the darkness like a knife through warm butter, showing little of the figure, except for a witch's pointy hat atop a witch's head... As Tabitha tried to move in on the scene, to get a better look and discern any more detail that the memory had to offer, it began to fade, and the memory began to auto-eject her, through a fog-like part of a cloud. She must remember to try to slow down, she reminded herself, otherwise she would come straight off it and would lose it forever. And she mustn't lose this. For this was the start, the very first memory. The one where her – Tabitha Penwight – her theory was going to be tested, by attempting to manipulate and control the memories back here in order to try to make changes, temporary or permanent, back in the world from which she – and the memories – had come. Fortunately, she landed softly on the memory's outer surface. It was as if she had landed on the outer surface of a dandelion clock, with a little "ufff" to indicate that she did indeed have matter here, and the memories did indeed had a kind of gravity. Next to her, the other. Leaping very ungracefully, Tabitha let out behind her what might be called a rope. It was silvery-white, in the same colour as the memories around her. What it actually was was some sort of...well, she had described it to Aberforth Dumbledore as a time-keeper, which would allow the memories to be tethered together. How it actually worked was a lot more complicated than that and involved the use of muons, tachyons and other subatomic particles that make physicists very successful at scrabble, though not very popular. And what did this contain? Tabitha knew that she didn't even need to know. But for the sake of completeness, and the fact that time did not matter here, she went in, tethering the memory to start with very securely at the surface. 8888888 "I know you must be worried about Sam, but that's no way to treat James, that's all I'm saying!" Sirius had graduated from his bed now, at Grimmauld Place and was now resting on the sofa. At least, resting was what he was supposed to be doing. In actual fact, he was getting himself into an accidental argument with Lily Potter and for the life of him he didn't know how that had happened or why. "It's nothing to do with Sam. Or Henrietta. Or anything else you've mentioned, Sirius. And, what business is it of yours, mine and James's marriage, anyway?" Lily, her back to her so-called friend, had arrived that afternoon to Grimmauld Place to discuss the arrangements for Christmas. It had been agreed that there was to be a small Christmas Eve celebration, as usual, for the reciprocators, and that they would celebrate on Christmas Day there with a turkey altogether, with as many people that wanted to stop, including the children from Hedgwards. While Lily and James's house was now nearly back to it's former glory having been burned down in an attack, they no longer stopped as often as they had once done, however James had taken to doing so, having taken on the role of temporary Head of the Reciprocators when Caelius had stood down, just after Halloween. Of course, Caelius had too much on. Of course it was too much for one man. It was too much for Aberforth, Ibut he had managed it, Merlin knew how. It was now left up to the mere mortals of wizards, so to speak, to get on with the vacant roles he had left behind. "So, what is bothering you, Lils?" asked Sirius, trying to de-fuse the situation. "'cos you haven't been the same in ages. Look, there's been fewer attacks since the trial; James hasn't needed to spend as much time here killing everyone on triple shifts. The Conjurist bastards haven't stepped a toe out of line since the Aurors have been on their backs and the non-wizard Poleez. They've even got those Newers helping, with Petunia." He smiled. Lily didn't. She turned her head away, glaring at the fire. "Petunia," spat Lily, in disgust. "She chooses non-wizardry, makes herself out to be better than us, and then, when a massive thing like this comes along, Sam gets put on trial, she waltzes in and pitches in to help as if it's no bother at all!" "So it is to do with Sam," mis-concluded Sirius, shaking his head. "No!" yelled Lily. "Can't you see? She's taking over. Next, we'll have Mrs High-and-Mighty Lupin back over here, with her ways. Poor Henrietta!" Lily sank down in a chair opposite the fire, turning away from Sirius, who stared at her, uncomprehendingly. Finally, he thought of something to say. "That won't happen. Cecilia's over there, if that's what you're worried about. Caelius wants her there, at Durmstrang for research. Me and...Remus, when he went to visit over there, Caelius explained that she was needed there for a good couple of years. So, if she bothers you that much, I wouldn't worry." Sirius twisted awkwardly The potion, though wolfsbane, didn't seem to be combating the majority of the symptoms. He itched. And a bone would have gone down a treat right now. However, he wasn't entirely sure that wasn't to do with his metamorphomagus, too. "Do you need anything? Do you have your medicine? Snape's made enough for you, hasn't he?" Lily looked across to her friend as he shifted uncomfortably in his seat. "Yes," he nodded. "A glass of water would be good. He explained he needs to refine it a bit more; he said that he's only ever treated those who have contracted it young, or inherited the disease, and I had a slightly different strain. The wolfsbane will work, but he's going to spend time refining it. I was too ill to testify at the trial I am sorry if it didn't help Sam." "It was a bloody show trial," called Lily through the hatch as she went to get Sirius the water. "No offence, Sirius, but I think Draco Malfoy had made up his mind to let Blewitt and Swales off, as an example. They had to do something to punish Sam for being at the wrong place at the wrong time. But it didn't help them with that dodgy memory." She placed the glass on the black, iron-wrought table by Sirius, walking over to the window of 12, Grimmauld Place and staring out of it, malevolently. "Pettigrew," replied Sirius, simply. Lily turned, slowly. "What? What did you say?" "Peter Pettigrew was in charge of that memory. Others too. I wasn't called to give evidence, Lily, but I was savaged by Swales' half-breeds. As was Remus. Why wasn't I called?" "Beause you were too ill," replied Lily, still staring out at the park which 12, Grimmauld Place faced, tears pricking at the back of her eyes. "You weren't strong enough to." "Oh, but I was. That was just Caelius's excuse. He knew that, if I did, my memory would have to be verified through hovel security. And that's where the problems lie. Either incompetence or sabotage. That's why that memory, the one the defence based their whole case upon, turned out to be false. It had been stored in the hovel office, in the safekeeping of Peter Pettigrew." "Peter Pettigrew!" exclaimed Lily, her hand to her head. "The only boy who could catch the snitch for the other team!" "Precisely. So, can you imagine his case resting on my memories, having been stored with Peter Pettigrew? I mean, he means well, but, how had he got so far in life? How did he rise so high? Madeye Moody, yes, I can understand, although he is constantly paranoid." "Do you...do you think your memories would have...could have changed the course of the trial?" Lily's voice was quiet now, almost worryingly so. She had a headache as she pictured...what? "Who knows? It would have been accurate. It would have shown the court what we faced, it was just so quick: me, the werewolf, Remus the vampire, and - " " - and why you the werewolf and Remus the vampire?!" snapped Lily, folding her arms tight. "He could have had a chance then!" "Lily...?" "Why you, here and well, and not him? Why James and not Caelius? Why Cecilia Lupin? Why my sister, who has already had her luck with the non-wizard world, and your brother whose genius with that mucky indistry the floo has got him raking it in, by all accounts, with Dudley as an apprentice? There's even no need for her to work, she can vounteer, counsel victims, counsel me on my woes..." Sirius made his way tentatively over to Lily, putting his hands carefully on her shoulders. "We have done no wrong, Sirius. We have worked, and worked as reciprocators for years, and years, with no glory, with no thanks, and now, just because of the news, it's so fashionable and trendy to be "into" helping non-wizards, or reforming Conjurists...makes you wonder what we've bothered doing anything for... "We've laid the ground work," counselled Sirius. "Without us, without James, even now, there would be no model, no example." He pulled her close-to as Lily Potter began to sob. "I have to go," she said at length, as her sobs died away. "Look, I'll do whatever you need at Christmas, I'll put on the happiest face, pretend all is well. But now, he has no-one. He needs someone. It's as if the whole world has forgotten what happened to you both; neither of you got mentioned at the trial, and he's still stuck there, with no-one!" Sirius took a few unsteady steps back, closing his eyes. Remus was still there. Remus did have no-one. All that Lily said was true. "Severus is working on his potion all the time," he said, "he never stops. In fact, in fact..." he said, trying to get the distraught witch's attention, "I told him to prioritise Remus over me. I can cope; Remus may not be able to." Lily closed her eyes. "I'll be back in an hour; Harry has my work for now. There are a few things I need to discuss with you, Sirius," she added. "Certainly," agreed Sirius, as Lily disapparated. It's not hard to guess what they might be. 88888888 "They may be the land without magic but, give them their due, Gellert, the Conjurists in Britain are not without common sense." A land frozen in the depths of winter, not unlike that of the Durmstrang Insttitute. Unlike the Durmstrang Institute, the two great, powerful wizards of central Europe lived in a large chalet in the high Alps, a thousand metres above a tiny village bearing his surname. "Whatever do you mean, Albus? I thought you were keeping clear of that foggy isle for a good long time? Those wizards making trouble, I mean. We were going to wait until it died away?" "Indeed, indeed," nodded Albus Dumbledore, shaking a hand in the direction of his lover. "However, I ventured to contact one of my most faithful contacts for the briefest of moments. It would seem that, concurring with my advice, the movement has taken to abhorring modern wizarding communication technology. That fool of a minister has reinstated pensieves. But, of course, they are inherently traceable and therefore useless to us." "Clever indeed. And very simple. Your plan?" Albus Dumbledore looked up from his prime pensieve. It would seem that the clouds were behaving particularly dynamically of late. "We will wait. There is no immediate rush. Things will take their own course. And besides, your job will be to keep Blewitt calm. He will wait; Fraser is level-headed. In fact, I believe we have underestimated that young man." "Not I," replied Gellert Grindelwald. "However," he added, soothingly, "he had time to grow, and shape. The other disappointments...have found their own ends." "Indeed they have," Albus replied, looking pointedly into the prime pensieve. "All here, for me to pick through at leisure. Including...the witch who sits, oh my dear, you will be so upset to hear that she is distraught for her lover, who is not yet well..." "I am indeed sorry," replied Grindelwald, as he replaced a book in the vast, semi-circular arc of a library that was situated opposite Albus's pensieve, and sounded it. "And, may I say, how lucky we are to be this far along? Four months to go and your view will be clearer, dearest, it us of no matter the conjurists have not overthrown the non-wizards yet. There is more than enough time. Let us not be hasty. With no witnesses to leave untidy evidence, we even have 2 non-transmutable objects in our possession. " Albus Dumbledore put down his wand, from which a stream of white fog had erupted, connecting it to his temple, which he had guided into the pensieve, putting it into the memory-store. "My dear, we do not need to be hasty. By Christmastide, he will have brought us the third." 88888888
The sun was high in the sky, filling every corner of the landscape with the early summer sunshine. The solar warmth was filling up the bedroom in the hidden cottage on the south side of Helvellyn, and the whole building looked as if it could be an Alpine chalet out of season. Cecilia felt Remus grip her hand as they strolled happily towards it, his body close to hers, his presence reassuring... ...a few days before, it had been full moon and he had been out with Sirius, and their friend had been in the cottage too, insulting her morning attire and her uncombed hair while helping her make breakfast as Remus had slept... ...now they were enjoying the precious weather and glorious isolation in the most beautiful part of the country, Remus pulling her close to him, his face happy and contented, smiling with laughter and happiness, his ailment-fatigue falling away as he pulled her close for a kiss, his hands on her hips...Cecilia pulling away playfully, before finally succumbing...half-aware that their Sirius was still there, at the cottage, having not left for Grimmauld Place... ...the sun was high still as Cecilia descended the steps into the basement, looking around for something that she could use to light the still, her hand closing around a box, tin, wood and lead-lined. Aloysius Lupin had made floo powder suitable for his wife...Bessie could use it, so the note had said...he had kept it for her, here in this box...they had been Remus – and Caelius Lupin's – grandparents...this had been their cottage... ...the floo powder had made its way to a fireplace in Grimmauld Place...still Sirius lingered...like a ghost... ...she had thrown it...all of it?...into the fireplace, and had spoken to Dumbledore? Albus Dumbledore...? ...Albus Dumbledore... Cecilia looked around, the leadened feeling of sleep still clinging to her, as if to secure her mind to its world, and not allow her to escape to the world of consciousness...there was the outline of the foot-by-two-foot slabs which were the building-work of the room...the doorway she could just make out, and the outline of the bathroom door, near the foot of the bed. What time was it? She could only guess. Not early enough to be morning. But how could you tell this far latitudinally in the middle of the winter. In fact, thought her mind, as it occurred to her more, today was indeed midwinter, being the 21st December. Tomorrow, the day in the Northern Hemisphere got lighter by two minutes. Now, that was something to be pleased about: two more minutes' of daylight! Cecilia curled back up underneath her layers of bedding, wondering again about the time, as her eye noticed a flicker of green in the fireplace. With the layers still around her, as twice more the flickers occurred, she moved over, wondering who was trying to contact her. Severus? Or Petunia with that genius of a husband of hers? Maybe even someone to with Septimus? Now that would be something, especially given that it was nearly Christmas, and - The face of her brother-in-law appeared clearly and widely in the fireplace, and Ceclia recoiled a little in surprise. With so little contact recently, it was unexpected, even more so when the man began to speak: "If you have received this, Cecilia, then security measures are so severe it would be impossible to send the conventional methods." "How did you - " she began. But needn't have bothered, as Caelius's voice was pre-recorded, and continued to speak his message, rather than interact with her. Cecilia craned forward, now fully conscious of her whereabouts and keen not to miss anything, for it would not be repeated, she suspected. "Following a conversation with Petunia Black, Regulus Black managed to arrange for this. Do not try to contact us or reply to this. Instead, do only as I instruct: on Christmas Eve, use the boat from Durmstrang harbour, just as you did last time, travel just as you did last time, to Scarborough." Back to Britain? Septimus? Well, this was a turn-up for the books, Caelius Lupin wanting her to be back in Britain...! "Whatever state of affairs your work is in, whether for Auld Magic or for Remus – be on it, and you will be with Septimus for Christmas." Cecilia felt her face glow, at first out of shock at the message, and Caelius's intrusion into her room unannounced, even though it was a kind of video, but more because she could tell that tell that even her brother-in-law's etheral image was self-satisfied with the news he was bringing. Then, just as suddenly as the message had appeared, Caelius's features popped like a thousand tiny bubbles exploding, which coalesced into a greenish-blue ball, and then was gone. Cecilia sat alone for a good few moments, under her bed covers, by her bedroom fireplace, before gathering her thoughts about what her day held. It took her most of the rest of it for the idea of her leaving to sink in; the lessons passed amiably, mainly because the children here, of course, were not leaving, and they themselves expected to work and demanded work to be given over what would be the holiday period in both Hedgewards and Beauxbatons. Each time she thought about them not returning their family she felt a glow of happiness that she would be returning herself, on a boat, back to Britain, to England's east coast, to Scarborough. To be with Septimus at Christmas, thought Cecilia, the thought hugging her brain like the softest fur blanket one could imagine. But now, now to inform her friend that she would be going. Ragnhild deserved to know this time. This time, she would tell her legitimitely – no secrets this time. Climbing the stairs back to her room, to make cover preparations for her classes in her absence, her eye drifted down the corridor that led to the classroom belonging to Lindvald Halen. Both of them deserved to know she was going. And, thought Cecilia, she was actually genuinely sad to be leaving behind her friends. 88888888 Minerva McGonagall was also contemplating the Christmas holidays from her office in Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry but, due to the arrival of a certain distraction from the Ministry was now getting mildly irked by the whole affair. "C'mon, you've got to admit, it's going to be a lovely Christmas, Minerva?" he'd whispered, his breath on the back of her neck making her drop her fourth year homeworks in surprise. She wasn't expecting visitors, especially not Mick Mullen so early in the morning. "It's going to be a lovely Christmas," she repeated, giving in, but of her own accord, and smiling to him as Mick tidied up the parchments back onto her desk with his wand, leaving the edge of one out on purpose to annoy her a little later on when she was marking. "School is carrying on late til Christmas, isn't it?" "We will be having the Yule Ball, as well you know, Michael," rebuked Minerva, with some humour in her voice. "Then I'll be all yours, oh ever-loving husband of mine." "And don't you forget either," he replied, giving his wife a kiss. "Will you behave!" she gasped, pushing on her hat. "What have I told you about school? Will you ever grow up, Michael Mullen?" she added, when he retreated, taking an apple from her fruit bowl, wiping it on his jumper nonchalantly and then taking a bite out of it, sitting down in her chair and folding his leg onto his other leg at the ankle. "What are you doing at the school, anyway?" "James asked me to see Severus. His workload at the Reciprocators has increased a good deal this last week; it's almost as much as it was before Halloween. I offered to ask Severus if he would be able to pitch in over Christmas, be on the rota, and all that." "He'll be free after morning assembly, in the Great Hall," smiled Minerva. "I'll take you up to his office," she added. "My classes all have transfiguration exams all morning." "You are harsh," replied Mick, throwing the apple core in the air, before incinerating it with a wordless spell with his wand. "I have an equally busy schedule liaising with Sirius about the Grimmauld Place Christmas Party for Christmas Eve – colour scheme, Christmas tree, guest list, sleeping arrangements...it's a logistical nightmare. I will be grateful for Dave's help." "David or no, I believe you will handle it will grace and efficiency," smiled Minerva, kissing her husband on his very cheeky cheek, which clearly wasn't enough for Mick Mullen after fifty years of marriage; he took Minerva McGonagall in his arms and gave her a very old-fashioned, knee-melting kiss, one which was only broken by a knock at the door, Severus Snape being ready to see the Auror Mick Mullen now, Dobby the House Elf declaring, hopping between one leg and another. 8888888 "Blimey, where have you been? The McGonagall's going to do her nut if she sees you out of dorms again, Jules! Where've you been?" It had been a week since Septimus had been allowed out of the medical wing with a bottle of wolfsbane potion and instructions from Madam Pomfrey on how to take it and a talk from Severus Snape. He seemed to be saying that conditions, such as the ones that the non-wizards, like Julian, had suffered from, could be picked up from the environment, and as such, it seemed that he, Septimus, had also picked up temporary symptoms akin to lycanthropy which seemed to be eased by the wolfsbane. Septimus didn't ask any further questions: it didn't seem right to. Severus Snape was the world's foremost expert in the potion, and the condition too, so it made sense for him to be treated with the same treatment. Thus, he'd explained to his best friend, who'd nodded, and listened, and then invited him to his house for Christmas. Septimus had explained to Julian that Caelius had said his mum would be coming back on Christmas Day to be with him, but there was nothing to stop him from coming before and that he would speak to Caelius about it. Julian had said that would be great, as it would be his sister Opal's birthday. But his friend has spent the last week since their conversation away from Septimus, which was odd, as they were still best friends as far as Septimus believed. What Julian was doing was anyone's guess, but he rather suspected it was something to do with: " - Ariella mentioned to us anti-CC meeting last night in the greenhouses, while we worked with Rufus, that she thought her brother and his friends were up to their old tricks again, and someone should suss out the owlery for clues. Don't you feel well, still?" he added, his face filling with concern. "Still a little ill. Wish I could have been there. It's great what Rufus is doing," he added, not mentioning how lame he thought the anti-conjurist-club was, when the teachers were onto that sort of thing. Still mentioning conjurists, even anti-conjurists just brought back bad memories of the Halloween Games. "Come on, come back up to the dorm; we still have morning lessons before we relax before the ball tomorrow. Was there any evidence?" "None I could tell," said Julian, as they climbed the stone spiral steps, trying his best to be quiet, but his boots having thick leather soles meaning he failed spectacularly. "But they have time. And they are probably trying to be more secretive knowing there's a ban on them, and everything. You know, we have a quibball friendly, different years, on the day of the ball? That'll be something, won't it, to make up for what happened last time?" Julian put his hand on the door knob and turned, this time, the creak was enough to wake the dead – if any boys in the dorm weren't awake, they were now. Julian held his arm out, unabashed, unshering Septimus in first. Septimus grinned at their total lack of stealth, and strode past his friend, Julian's hitherto lack of interest in anything sporty changing completely on finding out that Ariella positively adored quibball... Behind the curtains of Septimus's four-poster bed both boys sat, cross-legged, scribbling on the parchments that were, in an hour and a half, due on the desk of the currently very occupied transfiguration teacher of Hedgewards and their Head of House who, incidentally, would not have caught Julian Walter Scott out of bed out of hours as she was has been extremely occupied and distracted by Severus Snape's visitor. "You know," said Julian, as they neared the end of their almost identical essays comparing transfiguration and disapparation, "I saw Cystallia Brandt, Sam's girlfriend, as I came back up. I thought it was the McGonagall at first, so I hid behind the Suit of Armour – nearly had it over – she didn't seem to notice though; she was crying, quite a lot." "I wonder what about?" Septimus stopped writing and looked at his friend. "Dunno," shrugged Julian. "Girls cry. Mum cries sometimes. And Opal. But Opal cries usually because she wants something she can't have right away." Septimus said nothing. He remembered his times that his mum cried too, the time when she had decided to go back to work at Hedgewards; when she had left him. When she and Dad argued. That had happened a few times. Septimus remembered Dad leaving the house one time and he had gone into his parents' room. His mum had had her head bent over onto her knees. He had wished he had gone to say something to her, cuddle her, do something. But he never had, despite the times he had remembered it. "Yes," agreed Septimus. And then, in order to forget about girls crying he added, "what have you put in about potions? "That potions can be used instead of spells for transfiguration, but not for disapparation," said Julian, yawning. "You?" "Yes," nodded Septimus. "A good comparison, I think, Mr. Scott. Thank goodness it's the last one of the term and - " suddenly the curtains were flung open. Darren Black's head appeared halfway up, grinning. "Was that you two making more noise than prisoners in Azkaban?" he asked, hopping onto the bed beside Julian, grinning. "What's the fuss? Homework?" "Homework," nodded Julian. "Got to get it in for the McGonagall. She'll make us do it when the quibball's on, knowing her, if we don't. You done yours?" he asked, a little slyly. Darren was notorious for his outlandish range of lack of homework excuses. A chance of missing quidditch, or quibball for that matter would have made him worry, but their friend seemed unperturbed. "Yep," he nodded. "All done. I don't know what's delayed you so much; it's just a simple comparison. Had it knocked out last night before I went down for a fly. Saw Ariella..." At the name, delivered in a mock, sing-song voice, Julian jerked his head towards Darren Black. "Where, at the quibball?" he asked. Darren nodded. "She seems to have really taken to the sport. Said that it would do wonders for non-wizard/wizard integration and promote our cause no end." "Our cause?" "I think he means the anti-conjurists," replied Septimus. "Makes sense, I suppose, wizards and non-wizards playing together. Can't say I've ever been that good at either football or quidditch." "You didn't get much of a chance after Sam Potter, or someone, smashed your Lightningshot to smithereens, " said Darren, evenly. "If you'd have had that, you could have at least have had a fly. The school brooms are terrible compared to your own broom. If you can buy your own, like you did, it's the only way you stand a chance to get onto the quidditch team. Quibball too. You spell "legato" without an "R" in the middle, Jules." Darren added. "Okay, okay," tutted Julian, crossing out the "R". "What's put you in such a good mood?" "I'm in the team," said Darren, his usual deep-set features lighting up for a moment. "Well, reserve, at any rate. For Gryffindor. As they say, 1st years never make the team, but there are exceptions. Sam Potter tried out too, but - " his voice lowered and both Septimus and Julian leaned in as Darren whispered, " - he pulled out again quickly. Never gave a reason. It was, well, just seemed like he was just too awkward, or something, like because of the trial he had to go to, he's changed." Septimus said nothing for a moment as Darren continued to look over Julian's work. It was true what his friend was saying: Sam had changed. He used to be confident and smooth, cool and sophisticated. Someone Septimus looked up to. But it wasn't that he didn't look up to Sam any more, more that Sam seemed to have lost confidence in himself. He was supposed to be Head Boy of Gryffindor, and as such, present at all meals, but he rarely was in the Great Hall at mealtimes. Sam was supposed to be available as a house champion, so other house members could consult him if they needed something. Yet, he was barely ever in Gryffindor tower. And even his girlfriend had been seen upset. "Ariella said she still needs our help," said Darren, as Julian put his finishing touches to his homework. "She says, now more than ever she will need us." "And, why's she saying all that to you, Daz Black, Gryffindor sports champ?" asked Julian, half-jokingly, half accusingly. It was to his friend's credit that Darren chose the former expressive manner to interpret his friend's meaning. "Our mums have joined together at home to fight conjurists," he elaborated, nodding towards Septimus as he noticed that his friend had finished his work too. "Ariella just mentioned it. She still thinks that her brother's up to something, and her father too." "Doesn't it strike you as odd, though?" replied Julian, scribbling the last few lines onto his parchment, his quill scratching awkwardly onto the parchment, "that a family could be that divided on the lines of politics, and yet be a family still. Sit around the table at Christmas, and all that?" You don't know my family, thought Septimus dully, as he recalled his mother, bustling away in the kitchen on the occasions she had been at home from Hedgewards when he was younger. She and their dad had been bitterly divided, Septimus knew – even his young self had known, stoked by the influence of his Uncle Kay – and yet, she had still taken the effort to lay the table with their best crockery, best linen, best plates. "Hie up!" The curtain got flung back, just as Julian put the finishing dots on his "i's". Rufus T. Lestrange grinned widely at his friends, sitting as they were on Julian's bed, knocking said quill out of his hand. "What're you all doing?" "Trying to finish the work that's due in in about ten minutes, Ruf," replied Julian gruffly, although there was no malice in it. "Good job I didn't need that." "Good job," agreed Rufus, missing the irony. "Who wants to come down to the greenhouses?" None of them did, as it turned out, but they did anyway, at lunchtime, although it had taken some persuading of Rufus that he didn't actually have a choice about lessons or plants, although by how late the McGonagall had been to their lesson that morning, Septimus reflected, they might have well have just chanced it. "You know," said Rufus, assigning them jobs in collecting sound waves using Rufus's pensieves from one of the night-flowering Jasmines which now, at precisely 12 hours away from flowering, had its petals well and truly closed as the boys spoke with enthusiasm about the forthcoming quibball with Darren Black in the reserves, "mum has managed to get the first muggle-wizard friendly of quibball organised. It;s going to be played on Boxing Day." "Wow!" expclaimed Julian. "That's really good, Ruf," he replied, handing the disc-like multimedia storage player back to Rufus. "Maybe there'll be a few good teams develop? Hey, you might even get to play pro in the future," he said to Darren, who was carefully holding up the leaves of the next plant. "It's going to help non-wizard slash wizard relations, too," he added. Septimus smiled, as Julian raised his eyebrows at Rufus's literal recounting of his mother's message, including the punctuation. "Have we got many more to go?" asked Julian. "Will we be able to get to lunch slash lessons this afternoon, do you think, Ruf?" "Oh, yes," said his friend, brightly as the three friends laughed. "Only another forty or so to go. You're real pals helping me, you know that?" "I'll say we are," hissed Julian, but Septimus hushed him. "It'll help Ariella's cause, too," Septimus hissed across. Julian frowned darkly, but didn't reply. "How long will it take you to analyse these, Ruf?" asked Septimus. "We've got the Crowfoot after lunch. Runes. We can't be late, or else we'll feel the North wind blast us up the corridor." "Not too long. Only twenty seven minutes." "Thirty five til the end of lunch," hissed Darren to both Julian and Septimus, but Septimus gave them a "what can we do about it?" look: when Rufus got into something, it was mean to stop him; it got him all agitated. "So, what did Ariella have to say," asked Septimus, innocently, as he passed the portable pensieve to Julian. "That we must still be watchful," he replied, either ignoring his friend's potential dig, or just answering politely. "She said she'd found some badly-drawn double circled c's in the girls bathroom the other day and she and Ro and Gertrude had to scourgify them. Got to be conjurist graffiti. And she reckoned that your uncle's decision to allow pensieves into Hedgewards again, Sep, was a bad one." "Really?" replied Septimus, handing back Rufus Lestrange his portable pensieve as the boy touched it with his hand and put it to the side of his head near his ear. "Thanks for that – what precisely can I do about?" "Say something to your uncle." The voice came from the door of the greenhouse as an icy wind accompanied the slight figure of the Gryffindor girl who stood outlined in the light. "Ariella!" Julian grinned. "Julian," she replied, walking in, smiling at him as she approached Septimus, who was also looking at her. Rufus, on the other hand, was continuing to record and sample the sounds of the plants, oblivious to interruption. "You can do something, Septimus Lupin," she replied. "You can tell him about us being conjurist resistance! You can tell him to support the Newers! Like my mum." "Newers?" "Non-wizard reciprocators," explained Julian, "they help liaise between wizards and non-wizards, and try to keep the peace." "Your mum and my mum are in it," added Ariella, talking to Darren, who nodded, silently. "Why? Do n't the Aurors do that? And the police?" "Aw, come on, Septimus!" exclaimed Julian, frowning at Septimus. "You remember the Halloween Games? Well, that sort of thing's happening all over the country these days! Mum sends me bits from the newspaper with the football in and that, but on the back, there's all sorts of things going on." He folded his arms defensively. " And I don't want my sister to grow up in a world thinking she's imperfect for being a non-wizard. She's a bright little button of a thing. And that's not just my sister, there's children all over the country. It's not right...!" Septimus looked at his friend, and Ariella too. Something about the determination on the girl's face was infectious: you couldn't help but be swept up in her determination to right whatever wrong she was championing. And if that;s how Julian felt, then of course he could speak to Caelius. "Course I will," he replied. "I joined the anti-CCs too, didn't I?" he added, lamely. "Yes," nodded Ariella. "Because when they've finished with non-wizards, mum says, they will go on to witches and wizards with limited magical ability. And then they will find something else. They like to blame people who are different to them, who they think are the cause of them being held back. I mean, nothing has ever held wizards back: magic has been an advantage to wizards." Septimus nodded, taking a glance at Rufus. Was he finished? The last thing he wanted was a lengthy discussion into the rights and wrongs of conjurism, even if his friend was potty for Ariella. "It's silly then, this conjurism," Darren Black replied, who had been listening to the conversation. "They are trying to make people dislike other people for not being the same." Like your brother, thought Septimus, who wasn't very good at a lot of different variety of spells, but could decode, recode, connect and configure the floo network with his eyes closed, and sometimes did. "Twenty seven minutes," said a voice. Clearly Rufus had finished, and was letting them know. He had his portable pensieve around his neck, the tendril-like fronts swaying as he listened to what he had recorded. "We need to get back," warned Septimus, hoping it was enough to dissuade Ariella from launching into another "do gooder" speech. It wasn't so much that he disliked the girl, nor that she clearly featured in his friend's affections. But it was her buoyant positivity that doing the right thing for someone believing in something so wrong was not only the right thing to do, but so too was insisting that others did so too. Sometimes, making your own mind up was the right thing to do and, just now, Septimus hadn't quite, yet. They stepped, as a group, carefully down the short bank which led towards the corridor row outside, which was slowly being covered in a thin layer of snow, through which you could go to take a short cut to the classrooms directly below. This was the route they were taking to the Occlumency classroom was by far the quickest but, when they had got there, even at a distance Septimus could see by the lack of students waiting for old Crowfoot that they must be inside already, and they were late. "Late!" exclaimed Rufus Lestrange, picking up his pace. "My pensieve is set at the correct time according to the Ministry! We're not late! The Professor must be early!" And Septimus could hear Rufus continue his protests as he, Ariella and Darren were admitted to the classroom by Professor Crowfoot, while a looming Professor Snape stood silently, waiting for the door to close. "We will talk in my office, Septimus Lupin," he intoned sharply, giving Septimus a short, but lingering glance. "You too, Mr. Scott." When both boys were seated before the large, oak table belonging to the Headmaster of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Severus Snape sat too, steepling his fingers before his hooked nose, looking between both boys, before settling his gaze on Julian. "I have, as of this morning, been in touch with your parents, Mr. Scott. We have come to the agreement, with your Uncle Kay's permission, Septimus," he glanced over to Septimus, "and if you wish it, of course, for you to stay with Julian, just before Christmas." Both boys looked at one another, and grinned. Of course they wanted Septimus to stay! Julian had mentioned this before, about Opal's birthday too, on Christmas Eve, 24th December. It'd be fabulous. "The stay would not be of any great length, you understand, Septimus. For, your uncle Caelius has been in contact with your mother – she will be home – here, for Christmas. She will meet you at the Grimmauld Place Christmas party and you will have the holidays together." "Oh!" said Septimus, at a loss for words. Mum. Home. Like she promised! Just three days' time! "I trust you are well, Septimus? After your recent stay in the hospital wing? No recurring sweats and joint pains at night? No shaking and delirium?" Septimus shook his head. Whatever he had been taking seemed to clear these up very quickly. "You will need this, for when it reoccurs," intoned Snape, placing an amber bottle on the table in front of him, looking briefly at Julian. "You are experiencing a kind of recurring illness, a hereditary one. Do you know what that means?" Septimus sought about in the back of his mind, but said nothing. "You have inherited, from some part of your family, an illness, which seems, for some reason, to be showing its symptoms now, just as you are approaching adolescence. In the absence of either of your parents with whom to discuss this, I took the liberty of confiding in your uncle until such time both of your parents could be informed and could suggest any family history which could shed some light on your illness." Severus Snape got to his feet, folding his arms, before moving towards the fireplace, its fire welcome on this cold winters' day. "What sort of illness?" asked Septimus, eventually, as he contemplated everything Snape had said "Am I like the non-wizards? They had to leave, didn't they?" The leaden ingot of doubt in his stomach was sinking further as he waited the nanosecond for Snape to reply. "It's nothing to do with your magical ability which, I can report, is good on all counts, from what I hear from your staff." Headmaster Snape turned back from the fire, glancing a look at Julian Stone, who had the humility to look down, and then walked slowly back towards his desk. "Sufficed to say, it appears to be a form of benign lycanthropy. In other words, you experience symptoms of this terrible illness, similar to that of your uncle's illness, but cannot, or will not, ever become a werewolf." There was a pause. And then an, "oh!" Caelius realised it was he who has said it. Such an underwhelming response to such big news. "I realise it's a lot to take in," reassured Snape, gesturing towards the vial in Septimus's hands. This will temper the symptoms next month, in about a fortnight's time, at New Year and not make you suffer as you did before. There was a long pause, as Septimus looked at the headmaster's floor, the black tiles glistening and glinting in the candlelight. "Can I see Dad?" He was going to be seeing mum soon, anyway, and now, at least, there would be a lot of things to ask her. Snape folded his arms as he gave a "humf" "Yes." I have a new potion to give him, before you leave tomorrow, after the quibball and quidditch matches, I will take you when I take that. We may find, after your mother returns, his progress improves much quicker than it has done thus far." Snape's expression remained steady as Septimus tried to read something from them, but was out of luck. "Sufficed to say, due to the nature of your illness, and the critical illness of your father, I highly suggest that you do not discuss this with anyone else - " he fixed a look at Julian, firmly, "as it could be deemed highly sensitive. Now," Snape pulled himself to standing, then swept past both boys, who were still seated, "please, return to your lesson. I have taken the liberty of informing Professor Crowfoot of your whereabouts." He pulled down on the ancient, and highly-decorated handle of the door, before gesturing towards it. On the other side, before descending the flight of stairs that would take them to the lower corridor where the classrooms were, Septimus paused, looking at Julian. "What was that all about?" he asked, "other than the obvious words?" "Tell you later," replied Julian, patting his friend on the back. "You OK?" "OK as I'll ever be, just having been told I'm a werewolf in all but transformationablility. It that's even a word," he added, looking doubtful. "Come on," he said, descending a few steps. They went the long way, passing the quidditch changing rooms on the way. "Look, there's sign-ups for tomorrow's quibball. I wonder why?" "Not like quidditch, is it?" replied Septimus. "Everyone wants to play quidditch – it's what you do at Hedgewards. But quibball's new. People aren't sure about – oh!" "There was a list of names, a long one. People had signed their names on the other side, round the top and even tacked little pieces of paper on when even they were filled. Darren, who has already put his name down, was at the top. Septimus looked past the board, and out towards the entrance tunnel, which led onto the pitch, which now got modified and re-modified whenever quidditch or quibball was being practised or played. On cue, snowflakes began to fall. "Christmas!" exclaimed Julian, with a grin. "And I'm at wizard school, with my best mate, doing lots of fun stuff! Can't wait til you come back with me, Sep, I mean...Christmas! It's gonna be ace!" 888888888 The security around the department of mysteries had been tightened for the third time that month: Gregor had scoffed, but Lucius Malfoy had insisted. Had not there been so many break-ins to the ministry over the months? Had not Vincento the Elf, who had worked next to Gregor, been a conjurist spy for Gellert Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore? Had not some of the mysteries been damaged or, indeed, had not one gone missing? "From the Minister's own office!" declared Gregor, "in June," he had replied. But it had not deterred Lucius Malfoy, performing the security spells himself, which meant Gregor had to sign in and out now, and a log of wizards passing into the department would be kept automatically should they even attempt to override the spells, let alone breach them. "Gregor's been to me, twice," Caelius sighed, as he met with Severus Snape. "But, I have told him, unless you have a rational reason to complain, i.e. Lucius Malfoy has been negligent in his duty, which is pretty impossible to prove, then Gregor'll just have to put up with it, until the threats from dark wizards have lessened. "A little like the tracing spell for lost people?" asked Snape. Caelius nodded "They need to be wizards, of course," explained Caelius. "Otherwise, what will the spell bind to? In fact," he added, as he moved around the very table his nephew had sat in front of nearly twelve hours before, "we have used the tracers for Blewitt and Doyle – we know they have been performing Auld Magic, and I had enough contacts as witnesses. But we haven't as yet, caught them in the act." He paused, trying to level his breathing. "We will, eventually," he added." "Indeed," replied Snape. "With the help of the Non-wizard Reciprocators?" "They are...a help," said Caelius, trying not to sound exasperated. "They do more harm than good, but it could be worse. I mean, at least they are on our side. And besides, the non-wizards now have a national party. We can look forward to some of their ideas being spread in non-wizard law." "It's not how I would do it," remarked Snape. "Nor I, man!" barked back Caelius. "But if there's going to be a "bleeding heart" party, at least it's not on the conjurists' side! And their requests seem harmless enough – love your neighbour, even if he – or she – are conjurists and would break your neck soon as look at you!" Snape smirked a little. The pressure really was getting to the usual cool, calm and collected Caelius if he was biting at this. "The Newers helped James and Arthur Weasley out at Highgate Cemetary yesterday evening when we had a report of arson caused by what definitely seemed like conjurists. It was handy having Ann Blewitt around, as I am sure the presence of woman who would talk reason to idiots who couldn't even light a fire properly will help free up the reciprocators, aurors and non-wizard police for other jobs. Funny, though." "What was funny?" asked Severus, "The damaged grave was one of our own ministers, dead for over ten years now, old Tom Riddle. Poor fellow. I reckon, if we'd have stuck around long enough, we would have heard him turning in it, the mess this country, this world is coming to, conjurists and auld magic. He would have hated all of this!" "I have made the arrangements for Septimus to go with the Stone family to London for Christmas Eve," continued Snape, continuing to look at Caelius, "for you to collect him and bring him to Grimmauld Place on the evening of Christmas Eve, and I will collect Mrs Lupin from Scarborough. The school is holding quibball and quidditch matches tomorrow, and there will be the usual feast, so they will be departing by train tomorrow evening." "Very good," nodded Caelius. "That seems to have gone smoothly. And, you have told him of his condition? Or do you need me to do it?" "Under the circumstances, I have. I kept it as simple as it is genetic and in the family. There is too much going on his life for details. His main concern was to see Remus, in any case, so I have promised to take him tomorrow night." Out of his robe, Severus took the vial. It almost seemed like nothing, in the candle-lit office. But it represented many months of work, both by him and far away, by Mrs Lupin. "It is the most complex by far that we have made. But, I do not think it will cure him in the way that we might think a cure could be expected. It may leave debilitations, like Sirius will get with his werewolf bite. But it is absolutely the best we have." "If it will cure his father, if it will cure my brother, then there could be no joy equal to this, Severus." "His father?" Severus Snape looked intently at Caelius Lupin. "Septimus, he has werewolf traits which are genetically passed on rather than acquired by a bite. So the man lying in St. Mungo's cannot, by all logic, be Septimus's father." "Before you say it, no, Snape. The thought of myself and my sister-in-law is out of the ques-" "I would never think it," intoned Snape. "And," continued Caelius thoughtfully, his tone changing from defensiveness, "Cecilia gave birth at just nine months." "She married your brother six months before that." "So? That sort of thing happens." "A mighty snappy maternity." "But you've said before that, genetically, he is Remus's son." "Indeed." "Yet he has a werewolf trait." "Indeed so." "I don't follow." "You do. Remus Lupin, werewolf. Where might such a person exist?" The quantity of silence to process this logic was almost perfect. Caelius Lupin looked at Severus Snape, and nodded. "And Septimus doesn't know of this?" "I doubt even Cecilia does. Yet she will when she arrives back and Septimus questions her. He's very bright, that child. Still, we will cross that troll-bridge when we get to it, Caelius. He is due to experience his symptoms at the end of the Christmas break. I've provided him with potion which will temper the effects." Snape folded his arms, "inheriting the characteristic is unusual; it seems that if inherited, there is less of an impact on the victim. He may suffer some symptoms and the parasite is a sterile one, which means he should forego the need to bite others." "Some blessing there." "May I ask, what is your intention with Mrs Lupin when she returns? I feel, if you truly wish your brother to get well again, I would appreciate some time in her company, preferably here, so as to discuss some things with her." Caelius said nothing for the moment. Cecilia Lupin's decisions were forefeit the moment she arrived in their world, as well she knew it, and as such, he could decide what she needed to do. "I am sure that could be arranged." 8888888888 The last lesson at Durmstrang, and Cecilia Lupin closed the classroom door for the last time. No more elite students demanding work from her, queueing for lessons, working themselves into oblivion. At least for her to see. A part of her would miss it, in time, she knew. But not today, knowing that she would be soon back at home with her family. Back enjoying Christmas with Septimus, buying Christmas presents, doing the "mum" thing. Visiting Remus with him. Planning her future. She descended the freezing steps down to the lower classroom where she knew Ragnhild Andersson would still be working and she watched from the door for a few minutes as her friend read the scripts on her desk before the witch beckoned her in without looking. "I am so pleased!" Ragnhild told her, her pale blue eyes twinkling, as if her irises had crystallised on their own in the coldness of her classroom and she began to tell Cecilia that Crystallia would be returning to her family, and her dad, in Iceland for Christmas, or Yule, and it would be fun for her, but she – Ragnhild – would be tense until Crystallia returned to the sanctuary that was Hedgewards. "It is safe for her there, Sissee," said Ragnhild, a smile of joy on her cheeks, "I have been so grateful for her haven; she could go mad otherwise, with knowing too much. And Sam is such a nice boy, so I am given to understand through her letters." "And you?" Cecilia pressed, guessing the answer. "I will remain in my haven, Mrs Lupin. I have all I need here to protect me. And so, I will guard myself, and count myself lucky that I am not overburdened with my abilities, and therefore I am able to carry out my research." And at that, Cecilia sank down in the wooden chair next to Ragnhild, sighing. "And what is worrying you,Mrs Lupin? Change? You have your way home. Believe me when I tell you that I can see only success in your future Cecilia Lupin." She took Cecilia's hand and held it delicately, as if suspended with spider silk, enveloping it with her own, cold but alive. "When is it that you leave?" "Tomorrow night. And – " she broke off, looking down at the large, ice cold flagstone floor. "I don't intend to return." There was a pause before she felt Ragnhild's arms, slender and long, wrap around her momentarily, pulling her towards her. "I shall miss our time together, discussing our research." She pulled back, and gave Cecilia a smile. To Cecilia's surprise, she felt a lump in her throat. Despite knowing she would be with Septimus, she would be able to nurse Remus, she would be able to see Petunia and get back to her house and no longer be Caelius's pawn, a good part of her would miss this elven-like, tall, thin, white-blonde haired, truthteller. "It is not goodbye, Sissee," she said, as Cecilia pulled her towards herself this time, "but, only "til we meet again" ". "You think we will?" she asked, her eyes shining. "You can count on it!" the witch's eyes sparkled back. "You're not leaving 'til tomorrow, are you?" Smiling at her friend's joke she strode up the dark, torchlit corridor, Cecilia climbed the steps that would lead to her room. How different it would be when she would be able to leave, tomorrow night, Christmas Eve, and land on the North East coast. This time, not a hundred and fifty mile illicit trek across the north of England to the Lake District in defiance of Caelius. This time, she was working with Caelius, who had organised the message, transport and someone to meet her. Last time, she travelled light, carrying with her notes she had got from Felix Felixssohn, before he ended up at Hedgewards, stuffed into her pockets. This time, what would happen to her belongings, sparse as they were? She had few clothes as it was, but there was the case of the potions under her bed which both Snape and Lindvald had perfected. As her brain mulled over the options – for her escort may not be able to retrieve everything if Caelius planned to return her after Christmas – she might have to put some of the crucial things on her person, or in a bag and take them with them, she did not see the figure of Lindvald Halen in the shadow near her door, and collided with him. "Humf! Whah!" "Oh goodness! Cecilia!" he exclaimed, when he realised he had bumped into her. "I do beg your pardon; I was hoping to catch you before you went to bed." In the dimness of the light it was hard to see his face, but he stepped forward and caught her elbow. "I was just going to bed, yes," said Cecilia, pulling herself out of thoughts of her departure tomorrow, before asking Lindvald into her room. Lind waited as Cecilia opened the door, and waited a moment longer as she held it open wider, inviting him in. He waited for a few moments before looking at Cecilia intently. "First of all, Cecilia, thank you," he began, his hazel-brown eyes widening in gratitude. "I have nearly completed all of the work that I came here to do, because of the experiment you helped me to complete last week." "Yes?" Cecilia nodded. He had thanked her last week – why was he thanking her again? "Because, I need to ask you another favour, in order to verify what I found." He paced over to the window of her room, which overlooked basalt cliffs, which led to the precarious steps down which Cecilia would have to navigate to get to the ship tomorrow night, and to freedom. "So much of my work seems to be interlinked, and so much seems to be attached by very thin threads of credibility, when it comes down to it. I must check everything and, including something I overlooked last time which, in my haste to complete everything, I was so stupid not have done, so much being in my mind, I do believe." "Of...of course, Lindvald," agreed Cecilia, as she paced over to him, as he continued to look out of the window. "What is it you need?" He turned slowly, and looked at her, before looking away. "I do apologise because, I am aware of your magical lack of ability, Mrs Lupin," he began. "I could have avoided bringing this up again if I'd have only thought more carefully!" He looked back at her. "Mrs Lupin," he continued. "I neglected to take into account the background level of your magical ability," he explained. "Oh," replied Cecilia. "Oh. And you've come to do that now, so you can incorporate it into your calculations for the phenomena we encountered when we went beyond?" He looked at her, taken aback for a second, before replying, "indeed." "Before you do that," said Cecilia, "and you can," she added, trying to make him take his ease, for it was clear to see he seemed put out asking her, "can you explain your experiment? I mean, I know we went through to another dimension, like to another universe, and you were measuring the energy, and frequency of the black hole itself, as well as a sand I can do that because I have limited magical ability," she added. "May we sit down?" Cecilia nodded, and Lind put out his hand as to escort her. Cecilia took it, her mind forcing her head not to think about it. On her bed they sat, carefully, and still, as Lind described his research, into the background energy of magic, and the link between magic and energy, how each spell had its own energy, and this could be influenced by other spells. "If people of low magical ability, or no magic, like non-wizards, are present, or are involved with magical artefacts or spells, sometimes, because their magical background levels are so low, or non-existent, they can slip past spells, or between phenomena, without being affected. This is my hypothesis. But, of course, people with little magic, and also no magical ability can then absorb or be affected by magic, be influenced by it. Magical people can, of course, as Severus Snape established, but I am talking about non-wizards. This is why I believe Hedgewards was set up in the first place. Some magic is too strong for non-wizards and it needed to be contained, away from them, to protect them." He looked at her. "You wrote about that, I remember reading." Cecilia froze. "Harry Potter and the Story that Never Was." She couldn't even give it away. Yet, Lindvald Halen had read it? "My magic is useless," replied Cecilia, honestly, "and there are plenty in the recip – people, " she corrected herself," hating me for this." "Surely not!" exclaimed Lind, turning to her. "Don't they know about the continuum of magic?!" "I don't think they think like that. Anyway," said Cecilia, trying to turn his attention away from her, "you were saying about Hedgewards?" "One of their founders, Salazar Slytherin, was behind the promotion of magic away from non-wizards. A little like Durmstrang does for wizards, I suppose. But what none of them realised was, that by taking the magic into a school for training, the hedge magic, the wild magic, that people developed in communities, was protecting non-wizards, and allowing them to grow up together. A bit like Caelius Lupin wants to try to put back into Hedgewards now, although whether it will work, who knows!" Hedge magic, thought Cecilia. Background magic. Is that what the Auld Magic actually was? Just a background magic, a naturally-occurring thing, which got separated from its place when the school was set up? "But my next place of research, oh!" exclaimed Lind, his eyes bright with excitement, "I couldn't believe the coincidence! Salazar Slytherin was related to a wizard who had, in ancient Greek times, divided his soul into parts to gain immotrtality! What an evil wizard he was too, Herpo the Foul. They say," he turned to Cecilia, mock whispering to her, "he is roaming around in space and time still looking for them! We could have bumped into him when you helped me with my experiment. Can I ask, Mrs Lupin...?" "Yes?" "In your book, you wrote of a wizard who split his soul. Did you base your...Voldemort...on this...Herpo the Foul? Did I find your secret?" Cecilia smiled. What could she say? I fell through the veil having been chased by the rampant memories? "I, er, didn't know that was the Greek man's name," Cecilia conceded. "But yes, to an extent." "I just want to prove that isolating magic isn't the right thing to do," Lind said, turning his head a little. You talk like Caelius, thought Cecilia, and yet you are working here, in the most elitist wizarding school on the planet. Even the most talented at Hedgewards would struggle here; they are the crème-de-la-crème. "What do you think, Mrs Lupin? You are a witch of limited natural ability, and yet, you are making a success of teaching here, in such a magically-polarised school. Should this school be open to all? Or should there be centres of excellence and elitism?" You don't know the half of it, scoffed a little part of Cecilia's brain. But her mouth managed, "There's a place for a rounded education. And there's a place for opportunities for everyone. But there are limits too. There can't be a situation that people can aspire to be anything without exception because there will be exceptions and it's wrong to allow them to believe that. But," she breathed, biting a lip. "From what I've experienced, magic and wealth often have come hand-in-hand, in the same way as royalty and wealth. And religion and wealth. So wasn't until Joseph Black's time, when talent of a different kind, logical thinking and technical imagination – science in other words – began to level things out. Anyone really can be a scientist – all people are born with a natural curiosity for things, different things. That's true levellism. Anyway..." Cecilia realised she had gone on a little: Lind's face was frozen in that fixed expression that Cecilia usually took to mean her listener was bored now and was being patient "...that's just my opinion." She looked away, feeling herself blush. It was true, though, her mind told her. Anyone could be a scientist. And it was interesting that the children who were finding it the most difficult were the children here, at Durmstrang, used to rote learning, whose minds were not used to being open to opportunities. There would be a part of her sorry to go, then, at Christmas, and leave them. "This is when I believe the Auld Magic is the connection. Not hide it away, like in here. Share it, put it back where it was. Allow non-wizards to strengthen and prosper from it. And learn. Like Tabitha Penwright. She's not conventionally strong wizard but, she can do things that so called strong wizards cannot." Like pass through the veil, thought Cecilia wryly. "So you just need my energy signature?" Cecilia asked, trying to get the conversation back on track. Because Lindvald Halen was sitting within inches from her on her bed, and she was tired and wont to make mistakes. "Indeed. May I?" He withdrew his wand. Cecilia nodded. "Open your hand." She did so. A crackle of light emanated from his wand. But she didn't feel much: maybe a soft tickle. "There," he said, smiling. "Now I can finish." He looked Cecilia in the eye. "Not long here, and I move to my next school. I hope to be able to collaborate there." "You won't be here after Christmas?" asked Cecilia, a hint of shock in her voice. He shook his head, his brown hair moving softly. "Nor me," she added. "I'm going home tomorrow." "Then, it has been a pleasure working with you, Mrs Lupin," said Lindvald Halen, getting to his feet. Cecilia was about to stick out her hand to shake his, when he moved forward and embraced her, strong arms under his cloak holding her close momentarily, before releasing her. "And my thanks. For without you, I could not do this work." "And without you, my husband's potion," Cecilia replied, her mind, at least, remembering some proprietary. Just as Lindvald had got to the door, and had opened it, he turned back, looking at Cecilia over his shoulder. "The headteacher has called for there to be a ball, tomorrow night, in honour of the season. I...to be honest...it's not the it's not the sort of thing I like to ask, but I am compelled to go, as are all of the staff. And I am in need of a partner." "Oh?" "It would be a relief to go with you, Cecilia. Do you think you could afford me the honour?" A ball. And Lind wants me to partner him, she thought! Like fire behind wood on a bright winter's day his eyes glimmered in the torchlight. The news of the ball had reached her ears and Cecilia had automatically dismissed the event, as images of home had filled her mind. But now, images of a different kind were filling her mind, and they were not ones she wished to dwell on. Her chest felt heavy and tight as she fought for breath, wondering for a moment what to do. No! Shouted her brain. No! "Yes," said Cecilia's mouth, as Lindvald Halen's eyes lit up and the wizard smiled at her. "Yes, I will go to the ball with you."
Both the quidditch and the quibball matches of the day before had been excellent: everyone had said so at Hedgewards, the staff and the students. Even a good deal of the Slytherin house had approved. It had finished off a very interesting term at his new school, Septimus considered as he continued to pack his large trunk which, Uncle Kay had told him, would be disapparated to his cottage in Helvellyn, while a smaller, overnight bag should be packed for his time with Julian. That was what Septimus had already packed, along with some gifts he had asked his uncle to get for him for Mr. and Mrs. Scott. The plan was that he and Julian, along with any students who were returning, would travel back on the Hedgewards Express to King's Cross Station, whereupon Julian's parents would meet them. Julian had already told Septimus what they were going to do: stay overnight at Mrs. Scott's sister's house before being collected by his Uncle the evening of Christmas Eve to the party that the Reciprocators were holding, and where he would meet mum. Mum, he and Caelius were to spend the Christmas at the cottage in the Lake District, or rather, he and mum would, Septimus had thought, when his uncle had told him of the plans: he was very sure that they would not see his uncle much over the Christmas holidays: Caelius would be working just as hard, or even more so, over the holiday period in the government buildings in London. But, to be with mum – that would be the best part. Though he loved his Uncle Kay, being with his mother, with promises to visit Julian and play out over the hills and mountains, would be perfect. Not quite perfect, of course. They would still be without Dad. But what could he, Septimus, do about that? The main thing was that he should be grateful for what he had got, and to have mum coming home would be, well, fantastic. Pushing on his case, which inexplicably seemed to be fuller than when he had arrived, and he wasn't even taking all his clothes with him, Septimus thought about the speech that Severus Snape had given them. The headmaster's speech in Hedgewards had hardly changed in a hundred years – Professor Snape had told the students that himself. But what he was sure the headmaster had added to the speech was based on the addition of quibball to the school's retinue of sporting activities. " - you have taken to a sport designed for inclusion and challenge for all people, and you have embraced it with all of your hearts. After Christmas, when the non-wizards return, we look to you to show them that they can be involved, and you can play as one. This act of unity through sports is just one of many things which will show you all in brotherhood and friendship, and yours will be an example to all. One another, wizards and nonwizards, ultimately, we are the same, we are one another's brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers, daughters, sons...the extent to which we can access magic is our difference, in the same way that we can play quidditch, or quibball...to which we can sing, or draw. To which colour our skin is; to how sociable we are. This is the universal link, ladies and gentleman, witches and wizards, non-wizards and non-witches, and it is in the spirit of our fraternity we must treasure one another, we must keep one another safe during our festivities, return ready and prepared to work hard, and play hard, for we welcome back our brothers and sisters, our non-wizard students - " It was here that Severus Snape had paused, waiting for the words of his message to sink in and Septimus had sneaked a glance over to the Slytherin table. If Fraser Blewitt had in any way protested about his headmaster's words he didn't show it, and indeed, it was students from that house who began the enthusiastic applause in response to this ending of Snape's speech, which was thoroughly embraced by the rest of the students and lasted for a good five minutes. Once the clapping had ebbed, Snape nodded briefly, before closing with his seasonal dismiss: "A Merry Christmas to one and all, and here's to a Happy New Year." A happy new year indeed, thought Septimus, as he sat on his case, trying to ease the catches closed. It was going to be some fun, he could feel it, and at least he was going home more certain about things than when he arrived. Just as he was about to give up, he felt hands under his legs clip the fastenings closed with two decisive "clicks". He looked over to see Rufus, his face one of triumph that he had helped his friend. "Where have you been?" asked Septimus of his friend, who had seemed to have packed all of his belongings the night before, his trunk sitting smugly at the end of his bed. "Thanks, by the way." "You've welcome," nodded Rufus automatically, his eyes glazing over suggesting he was in a different plane of existence to Septimus. "I've been down with Professor Longbottom – didn't you see that was where I went after the feast? Never mind," he added generously, when Septimus looked at him blankly. "The Professor said he would keep an eye on them and make sure they are still recording - " he looked at Septimus eagerly, "you know, he is stopping here over the holidays? Pretty sad – his parents are coming to stay too , he was telling me about them; they're retired aurors – they are as mad for plants as he is: great, I say...wish I could; mum and dad are taking me back in half an hour or so – special floo powder – got to do it outside of the castle grounds, beyond the Edgestones – so, I just wanted to give you all these now..." Septimus stared at Rufus, mainly because the boy had blurted all of this out to him and he was trying to remember everything, and filter through to the important pieces of information, but also because he wanted to get to the end to understand why Rufus was holding out a rather large parcel. Septimus smiled gratefully and took it out of Rufus Lestrange's fingers. "Wow," said Septimus, as he opened up the oak box, lined with velvet. Inside was a necklace shaped like a cross, with cutout spaces designed to hold four discs. One of them, just larger than a sickle, was lodged in the top section. "It looks really expensive." He glanced at where Septimus was holding out his own, the sickle-shaped disc of his lodged in his own but on the right. "What's really expensive?" asked Julian as he and Darren strode over to Septimus and Rufus, looking between them. "Friend finders, and they were, a bit. But I never spend any of my pocket money so I had a lot saved up." Rufus handed the same type of boxes to both Darren and Julian. "I've had them calibrated for just our four energies. The discs can go are particular to each of us and the branches change colour depending on how we are, or what we are doing. That way we can think how each of us is doing over the holidays." Rufus looked between Darren and Julian, as both boys were removing the leather-strung friend finders.. "So, what do you say?" "Cool, said Darren, and at the same time Julian, who was fumbling for the catch in order to wear his added, "I'll make sure I take it off when I'm in the bathroom! Ace," he clarified, as Rufus thought about Julian's joke. "Thank you, Rufus and they smiled." "Cool," repeated, Darren, putting his in as well. In turn, Septimus put on his. At once, all of the left-hand prongs glowed an eerie turquoise-blue colour. "Mega cool," said Darren, the least of them to express his feelings to something Rufus had given to them with such praise. "Here," said he said, "as we're doing presents now, I've got something for you Ruf. I don't get pocket money. But Dad gave me some vouchers so you can get music on your PP, so I thought you'd like it," he said, handing it over to Rufus. Hethen gave a box each to Julian and Septimus. "They're not much; I hope you like them." "Wow!" said Julian. "I know I say no-one listens to me, but wow! You've really come up here, mate!" "What is is?" asked Septimus, looking at what appeared to be like all of Julian's rock samples. "It's gneiss," he replied, holding it up to the light. "You're welcome," nodded Darren, smiling a little. "No!" exclaimed Julian, realising his friend's mistake. "Gneiss! Silent G. With quartzite inclusions! You're a star!" "I fuse hydrogen into helium at millions of degrees centigrade?" said Darren, straight-faced. They all laughed. "Go on," urged Darren. "Open yours." A little "click" of hinges and Septimus had levered the little box open. And, after staring at it for what seemed like a age, he knew he had the best Christmas present of the lot. "So, what is it?" Septimus took out, from the small presentation box a tiny badge of a Lightningshot Nine hundred and ninety nine, enamelled on a silver pin. "It's great, wow, Darren," said Septimus, beaming. "Gonna have to wear it right now," he added, unclipping it, slipping the box into his pocket and pushing the pin into the thick, cotton of his robe. "Yours is coming, Julian," said Septimus, apologetically, "and yours and Darren's," he added, "I had to ask Uncle Kay to help me. He'll be bringing them to King's Cross, when the train gets in. He wants to meet your parents again, Julian." "Well, I'm sorry, everyone. I've not got anything for any of you at the moment either. My parents are taking me shopping tomorrow – it's Dad, he never wants to shop before Christmas Eve – I think it's because it's only at Christmas that we get to go to a town." " 's OK," said Darren, looking across at Julian. "Can I just say this, Jules, I wasn't looking forward to coming here, to Hedgewards to school in September. Dudley came, and he can do a little bit of magic, and he cruised through, and mum loved him, and all that. But, even though she has never said, because Dudley didn't do brilliantly, she has always pushed me to do better. I knew when I was here she would know about all of my grades, the lot, when all I want to do is play sports - " " - and it was fantastic you got aloft on your broom for the quibball yesterday, even though it was only for five minutes - "Septimus looked at Rufus and Julian for support. " - and the shot you got to Quarley on the ground, that would be something the England team will be dying to pull off on Boxing Day..." "Thanks guys," nodded Darren bashfully, looking round at all three, standing as they were by Septimus's bed. "What I was trying to say was, though I would have survived til now, to Christmas, I wouldn't have done it without my friends. You've all made it a laugh, and we've stuck together. Especially against those Conjurist buggers." There was a pause, which was broken by Rufus applauding. Septimus's grin was fixed and he looked sidelong at Julian, who he could see "Indeed," nodded Septimus, when their friend's inappropriate clapping evolved into what then became appropriate – Darren's rare confession of feeling mirroring his own, almost exactly. "Same for me, Darren." "Me too," confessed Julian. "holding the necklace Rufus had given to them. "Just right, Rufus, these are. We are friends who found each other." "And we'll find each other again next term," Rufus replied, nodding at his inexplicably-found friends. "I wonder what fun we will have had in the holidays?" 88888888 Caelius was indeed there to meet the train at King's Cross. While the train journey had not been quite as anticipatory as the one on 1st September to take them to their school, it was almost as exciting, with students and the odd teacher boarding the train at Hogsmeade Station, where they had alighted three and a half months before. This time the mood was relaxed, jolly, full of laughter and singing, full of excited chatter about plans for Christmas Day and entertainment over the holidays. Rufus had asked his parents to see his friends off before they disapparated – he waved frantically when the train was about to depart, Dorielle, in her cage swinging about violently, before Rodolphus Lestrange took the cage from his son's hand so he would be unencumbered enough to continue the waving. She would be in good hands, Septimus knew; Rod Lestrange was an expert in keeping owl and she would go to the Lestrange's owlery over the holidays. Rufus had offered, and Septimus could think of no-one better to take care of her: Rufus was almost as attached to her as Septimus was, especially since the Lower Hunt at the Halloween Games. He was so happy that his friend had offered: it would be good for her to be with other owls and he couldn't bear the thought of leaving her for the school caretaker, Mr Finch, to look after her with the school owls. "Bottom Trumps" was the game of choice amongst the three friends as they headed south: just like the game "Top Trumps" but you won when the category of choice displayed the lowest value, rather than the highest, eating the snacks that the house-elves had prepared for the departing students (leftovers from their end-of term feast) although neither Julian or Darren felt like eating, considering how much they had eaten at lunchtime. Once they got bored of that, they tried telling spooky Christmas stories, but none of them were scared. They then discussed school and whether they would actually get the non-wizards and witches back in January, or whether their parents would keep them away. "It's certainly less magical than at the start of the term," observed Darren. "We aren't doing as much magic, because we have non-wizard subjects too." "I suppose," agreed Septimus. "But it's how things are now, isn't it? We try to make the non-wizards fit in – I know I do." Julian snorted as he looked at both of his friends, doubtfully. "I just mean that there's bound to be less magic, isn't there? Like there was more magic in our primary school with you being there, Septimus. When you left, there was less magic, and that's because you added to the "magical" percentage, even if you didn't actually do any. Me and Jason, and the others, well: we can't do magic, so we bring the "magic average" down, just by being at Hedgewards. Is that what you meant, Darren?" he asked. "Not really. You're talking about magical ability and percentage within a population," explained Darren, trying to sound reasonable. "I meant there were fewer spells because of the people being there." "I don't necessarily feel that accommodated for, because I'm a non-wizard," replied Julian, sighing deeply. Septimus tried not to sigh as his two friends debated over a mathematical supposition, and glanced pointedly out of the window and at the dark grey scenery through which the train was sprinting. It was always like this with Julian and Darren, and one which he would be, undoubtedly, pulled into when either one of them ran out of examples to back up their opinions. The conversation then turned to Rufus, who had insisted his parents were to take him back to Hedgewards every so often to collect readings to analyse from the night-flowering jasmines and hissing pines. "Bonkers," nodded Julian. "And so are we all for helping him." "He's not harming anyone," replied Septimus. "I think you're just miffed that you won't get to see Ariella of an evening," replied Darren, astutely, looking across to his friends, his dark eyes glimmering. "Shut up!" declared Julian, defensively. "We're friends, alright?" "That's what my mum said when she met my dad. You think she'd know, having Empathy," Darren added. Finally, the train slowed as it approached London, the frostiness in the air which had sent them off from Scotland dancing around the open windows, darkness having fallen in the capital. Septimus nudged Julian when they reached a standstill – the platform itself was decorated with coloured lights and faux greenery around its ironwork; snow scenes, santas and snowmen adorned several corners of the platform, glimpsed at by the children amongst the arms, legs and bodies of wizards, witches and, of course, in the case of Julian and Jason Crudglington, non-wizards, who had come to meet the train and collect their children. "Oh, it's spectacular!" exclaimed Septimus aloud, as he looked at the scene. Yes, they had had their final assembly of the term, and competed in the last set of wizard, and non-wizard games before Christmas. But it wasn't until they had reached the commercial decoration, the buzz and hiss of people at the platform, that the season had hit him, and how much he had forced the situation about his dad and his mum from his mind and his heart. Now, less than a day away, he would be with mum for a fortnight and how wonderful that would be! "Yes," nodded Julian, his sarcasm uncharacteristically leaving him. "Christmas. It's going to be brilliant, Sep, it really is." "Too right," nodded Darren. "I mean, it'd be cool to see you over Christmas, Julian, but at least I'll be able to see you, Sep, tomorrow." "Eh?" Septimus looked at him, losing his balance as he had gone to pull on his case from the luggage rack, the sound of doors being "clunked" open reverberating around the "Hogwarts Express"'s carriages as people began to alight. "Tomorrow, at the ball? At Grimmauld Place? Mum said you'd be going. Of course we're going: Uncle Sirius is hosting it, of course. Mum, Dad, Dudley and me – we're all going." Darren waved across the platform to a man and a woman with young man who looked exactly like Darren. Rufus too, probably. I know his mum's been invited," he added, smiling a little as his mother smiled at them all warmly, before nodding at the adults too. "Good to see you, Caelius," said Petunia Dursely, warmly, before her brown eyes rested on Septimus's face. "Ah," she sighed, "it's good to see you, little Sep – you've grown a lot since last we saw you. Did I hear little Darren mention you would be at the Reciprocators' party tomorrow night?" Septimus and Julian both looked at their friend, who was cringing at being called "little". "Yes, mum," replied Darren, who was being cuddled under duress in the large arms of his brother. "Septimus is going. And we are because of you being a NWR." At Darren's words, Caelius looked at her sharply. "I'm offering as much help as I can, although I do not like to be labelled as anything," she clarified, returning Caelius's stare with one just as sharp. "But the cause is just: people cannot just be treated like property, or objects to suit others' causes." "Oh," said Septimus, the news being out of the blue, and the memory of his request of gifts for his friends which he had left with his uncle slowly penetrating his lower left cranial cavity. "Oh? That's ace, that is," he smiled, his Christmas just having got better. "Uncle Kay?" Septimus changed the subject, causing the immediate cessation of a cold, ocular battle between Caelius Lupin and Petunia Black. His uncle looked down to him, as if having never looked at Darren's mum with a look somewhere between scorn and indignation. "Yes, Septimus? Are you about to ask me about these?" From his left-hand-side which Septimus had been blind to he held out three identical bags, differing only by their handle wrapping. He offered them to Septimus, who looked at them, before nodding. "You remember I said I had Uncle Caelius asked for something for you?" said Septimus, excitedly. When Julian and Darren nodded, Septimus continued, "well – here they are. I'll have to keep hold of Rufus's, though, till after Christmas." He held out the bag closed with a red ribbon and one with a blue ribbon to a Darren. Both boys obediently looked at their mothers seeking permission in the hope they could open Septimus's present. "One look, then I'm putting it away until Christmas morning," instructed Kathleen Scott to her son. At once, Opal was by his side, waiting to see what he had got. Immediately, Darren looked imploringly at his mother, who, like Mrs Scott said he could look but not play until Christmas Day. Both boys gasped in awe as they took out a pensieve. "Both adapted for use with grates only, and between these four friends," Caelius clarified, as both sets of parents looked at him astonishment. "They'll not connect to the floo, will they, Mr. Black?" "Indeed not," chortled Regulus Black, who looked down on his own handiwork with pride. "Now I know the end of my secret, Caelius Lupin. I worked hard on those things. "And I have one," clarified Septimus, as Darren and Julian reluctantly put them away. "There's instructions on how to contact one another. Shame we won't be able to speak to Rufus, though." "Why not?" asked Caelius. "If you take it with you tomorrow night you may well bump into Madam Lestrange – as a Recipricator, they're invited. I am sure she will pass it on." "Not fair I can't come," grumbled Julian, looking at his portable floo connector grumpily. "The whole place full of you three and I'm not there to keep an eye on you all." "Then we'll just have to have a brilliant time tonight," replied Septimus, evenly, glowing inwardly as he took the green-ribboned floo connector of Rufus's. "Til tomorrow then," summed up Petunia, as she and Regulus scooped up Darren's belongings. Dudley resumed his brotherly hugging as Darren looked at his older brother before grudgingly hugging him back, Septimus was about to go with the Scott family when Caelius took Kenneth Scott's hand, gripping it and shaking it firmly. "My thanks, Mr. Scott, for taking Septimus with you for a couple of nights. Whereabouts did you say Mrs Scott's family lived?" "Essex," replied the man, "and it's no trouble. It's the beginning to the holidays." Whereupon both men continued with aelius, having embraced his nephew, confirmed the plans that Septimus had expected, with one exception: that his mum had agreed to spend the Christmas holidays in the Lake District, rather than Edgeford, something he turned to Septimus to reiterate, his breath heavy on his shoulder, puffing out his long, ashy hair. "Yeassss!" shouted Julian, gripping Septimus's shoulders. "Can't wait!" Septimus returned his friend's excitement with one of his own. He was so pleased his friends should like his present, and they could call on one another. Just as well if his run-down feelings was making him dull and lethargic, like the last time he would be able to call on the help of Severus Snape's lycanthropy potion. He had it this time, and wondered whether he would need it again, in fact. It seemed so unreal what the headmaster had told him anyway. And then he forced his mind to the present, rather than dwell on the miserable topic of his father's ongoing critical illness. "It'll be ace!" declared Septimus. "And, when we're back in the Lake District", once his family had spent Christmas and Boxing days with Mrs Scott's family in Thundersley they too would be returning home, to Keswck, and that meant that he and Julian would be able to spend a lot of the holidays out on to the fells and mountains, playing out, as they had done in the summer. "Except, it'll be better if it snows," declared Julian. "We get so much snow, don't we dad?" Mr. Scott nodded. "Snowman competition," hissed Septimus, invoking the memories of last Christmas, when he and Julian had begun to hang out together, and had bonded over an incident involving a snowball, a steep, scarp slope and Julian tumbling and being made into the world's first living snowman. "I'm glad to have know you then, Sep," Julian added. Septimus smiled back: it had been the first time they had become best of friends: Septimus had used a spell to melt the ball a little; Julian had made sardonic, humourous remarks at his own expense, which had made Septimus laugh. Mr. Scott nodded from his conversation with Caelius, taking Julian's case. Just as they were turning, with Uncle Kay insisting on carrying Septimus's trunk from the station, back through the wall onto Kings' Cross Platform eight and seven eighths, with what seemed like an enormous amount of effort, Septimus heard a voice by his ear. "Have a great Christmas, Septimus. Stay safe." And then, to the children in general, just as they were about to cross the threshold, "Look after yourselves. I want a full complement of students back in January, and then we can see about claiming the house cup to ourselves. They all turned round, Septimus slightly ahead of the others to see Sam Potter's old, wide grin beaming back at them, Just as he was about to say something, Sam added, "and you'll be there tomorrow, won't you? And Darren?" "At Grimmauld Place?" shouted Darren, as his family had already gone through and he himself had just been about to put his foot though too. "Yep," he added. "Me too," replied Septimus, wondering why the older boy seemed so different all of a sudden. It wasn't until he and Julian, having said goodbye to Caelius and Darren, were travelling out of the city in the Scott family car that he realised that it was because it was a long time since he remembered Sam looking so happy, like he had been at the start of the year. Like he had been, in the summer, visiting Caelius's cottage, like an older brother, bringing him food and hanging out with him when Septimus was feeling very lonely but didn't like to day. Septimus thought about what had changed that term for the older boy – for all of them, really, but Sam Potter seemed to have had a lot of bad luck: the incident with his broom; giving evidence at the Ministry. Making enemies of the likes of Fraser Blewitt. It wasn't until Julian, who had been telling his family about his time at school and answering his little sister's questions about it, and whether they had a shop in which her darling elder brother could have bought something for her birthday, realised Septimus hadn't in fact gone to sleep, his face turned as it was towards the window, and had begun to tell him where they were going before they left London. Septimus was overjoyed as Mr. Scott told them about the visit they were going to make in the morning to the National History Museum's new dinosaur and fossil exhibit and Julian nearly jumped out of seat with happiness. It was when Opal Scott began to detail to them what she hoped for for her birthday the next day that Septimus's mind began to wander back to Sam Potter. He was glad his confidence had returned and Septimus would now look forward to seeing him at the Grimmauld Place party the next day. Maybe it would be different, there. Maybe Sam would be different, more like his old self. And, he would see his mum, and the Reciprocator wizards, who always made him feel happy, and his friends. "It's going to be brilliant, eh Sep?" asked Julian, grinning like a Cheshire cat who had got not only all of the cheese but the dairy too. Septimus nodded back in agreement as his friend launched into his listing of everything he wanted to see, playing with his quidditch brooch, wondering what it would be like to talk to each other on the portable floo pensieves. Anything to not think about tomorrow and meeting mum. 88888888 "You're late," needled a member of the Reciprocators who had, in his own capacity, been early for their meeting, and as such, grown impatient as he had waited for his colleague to return. It had been his request for the emergency meeting, in the first place. The tardy wizard looked carefully at James Potter as he considered how to approach the delicate matter. When none came to hand, Caelius Lupin merely offered James a chair, to which he shook his hand away in refusal. "I had to increase the security within the ministry," he declared, "so yes, I am late and that was mainly due to Hervert Herbert's insistence I hear each incident his aurors have dealt with this evening – his way of complaining that they are being taken for granted. I had to assure him, and Dulcie Dainty that it was entirely the opposite, especially considering the effort to which the Reciprocators attend to incidences of violence and disturbance now." Caelius dipped his chin and looked straight at the wizard to whom he had given the practical, day-to-day activities to organise – temporarily had been the watchword, despite the increase of at least 4-fold since the beginning of October. James Potter smiled but there was only despondency in his expression. "Unfortuately, there has developed of late an increase in visibility with which conjurists, whether obvious or discreet, have increased their productivity, so to speak." "Within the Ministry?" asked James, sharply, steepling his fingers together. "Within the Ministry...within the Aurors...within the non-wizards. But the point of our meeting this evening is to plan. Things have changed – Cecilia Lupin's status has changed professionally...personally...facts which are only now becoming significant..." "Then I do not wish to know them, sighed James his shoulders sagging, "beyond the realm of the practical duty I agreed to carry out with the Reciprocators." Caelius Lupin gave him a long, penetrating stare, which seemed to last for an uncomfortably long time. When James's brain decided to tell him that he needed to pay attention, as the stare seemed significant, the Head of the Ministry for Magic answered his ill-formed question. "Were you to have access to the information that myself and Severus do," continued Caelius, still refusing to take his eyes off James, "then I truly believe that this would make your role more efficient." It took a few minutes for James Potter to realise what Caelius was saying – he raked his fingers through his unkempt black hair as Caelius's meaning bore home. "I understand now that Sam may still stand a chance with his application for his internship, despite what was said at the hearing. And your sister-in-law's presence tomorrow and further integration with the Non-Wizard Reciprocators will cause Lily distress, I fear. What an opportunity, my dear sir, to take control of the situation, in full possession of the facts? You may then delegate day-to-day affairs to whomever you see fit, safe in the knowledge that you have omniscient understanding." This time, it was James Potter's turn to stare, his expression one of incredulity and astonishment. A few moments passed between them as Caelius turned away, waiting for the wizard to play the next move. It wasn't long in coming. "What must I do?" asked James, seeking Caelius's face. "Should we discuss this with the reciprocators and The Head Minister obliged, turning back to look at James, this time, in the privacy of his office, completely secure, removed his wand and held it aloft. "We need no meeting – the role of Head of the Reciprocators right back from Joseph Black's creation of the assembly was that whomsoever was the head would do as he – or she – saw fit in order to preserve wizards and non-wizards." Caelius waved his wand. It must only have been a minute or so, but for the two protagonists time appeared to dilate, slowed by the weight of the significance of what was to pass. There had been few heads of reciprocators – few people between whom such wizardly transfer of knowledge had passed. Then, just when Caelius Lupin thought that he would turn away and laugh at the offer, James was holding out his wand too and walking towards Caelius's office table. And then, just as suddenly, when the tips of their wands met a flash of green-blue light arced between the tiny gap, connecting the particular information stored within the wand, and ultimately the honour of becoming the Head of the Reciprocators. With his left hand, as the transfer of information and energy took place, Caelius began to wave it rhythmically, as if conducting to an invisible orchestra. And then, as quickly as it had begun, James Potter reeled, as if the energy brought to him was too strong to keep him on his feet, his mind bathing, swimming, struggling with the influx of information shared only with a bare few over the last two centuries. As the blue-green stream began to ebb Caelius reeled too – his mind freer than it had been, free from burdens and worries. He looked sidelong at James who had now, in the space of a few minutes, seemed to have aged. At length James looked slowly up to Caelius. "My word..." James gasped, gripping the side of the table before looking back at Caelius in utter disbelief. "Us? These...? Cecilia...? The wizards in - " "Don't say it," interrupted Caelius, sharply. "My knowledge of several of key details will begin to fade in time and this, I believe, will allow me to devote my time entirely to securing and forwarding the cause of integration, understanding, and safety for all, regardless of their wizarding ability." He made to par James on the shoulder, but James Potter took a step back, as if Caelius was meaning to attack him. Instead, he looked at the now-joint Head of the Reciprocators abstemiously. "I must dealing with a polarity within my own cabinet, James, Strasbourg too and, while we are not officially at war with anyone, it is an undeclared war behind which are Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwad are fighting against us with weapons unknown, using people, exploiting situations..." "Yes, yes, I can see that, now," James Potter held his hands against the sides of his head, looking up to the ceiling of the Department of Mysteries' infinite blackness. Then he jerked his head sharply to Caelius, his eyes sparkling, either with the remnants of the vitality that had been conferred, or its effects, now reshaping the wizard's internal relationship with the world, just as it had done his nearly twelve years before. Was it selfishness that made him feel relieved that the burden was no longer his? "May I speak plainly, James?" Caelius said at length. "Indeed." "My battle is on the home front. From intelligence gathered from the aurors, as they police our British Isles there appears to be a common mutual divide that is growing daily between non- wizards and wizards. Non-wizards consider us arrogant, lazy and dangerous who would endanger them without care and thought to get on with their lives." "Hm!" exclaimed James, looking back to Caelius, sardonically. "Non-wizards would be correct." "And wizards are continually having their prejudices reinforced by the portrayal of non-wizards as ignorant, stupid and lacking in skills and capacities which for wizards are innate." Caelius exhaled deeply. "The responsibility of the reciprocators, which you now undertake, was conflicting with my ability to grasp the political picture. There is only so much one person can do." "There is no need to explain," James replied, placing a hand on his shoulder. "You have borne far more than Aberforth ever did. It is easy to lead when the weather is fine, not so when the world is in chaos." "I thank you for your understanding," nodded Caelius. "It was Aberforth's desire to see non-wizards at Hedgewards – as you now know – and, though I wasn't entirely convinced, I still stand by his convictions that integration of differences between people is far more humane than division." "I have to agree," James replied. "When those errant wizards hiding in the Alps began their quest for a school for the wizarding elite and the Dumbledore brothers fought one another over it sixteen years ago, there were nights when I lay in bed and considered this question deeply. Would I have preferred Harry, who was just about to start Hedgewards then, to learn old spells, to learn practise as an old wizard might, historic, mighty spells which were the foundation of this country when the Anglo-Saxons came? It would be a glorious thing indeed for my son to embody my ancestors' line, to be skilled in the auld ways? "But then I thought, what good would it do him, with all this knowledge and skill if he were to return home and have no understanding of the people around him, of the everyday, of this country? Hedgewards was enough for him, and rightly so. While he is not of the same calibre as Draco Malfoy, whose innate ability has got him to where he is, as the Head of the European Parliament, Harry going to Durmstrang would not necessarily have got him there either. He is a talented historian; he can use his skills of deduction as an auror. Everyone has a place, Caelius, and it would be wrong for me, as a parent, to force him into such a place, where the detriment to his character may outstrip any benefit he may gain. Look at Sam: his skills lie with people and societies and his charismatic nature is well-suited to life in Strasburg. And he is Hedgewards-educated." "Gamely put," agreed Caelius. "Everyone has a place. Were it that all parents thought like that for their children. It's Albus Dumbledore's legacy, and that of his successor, Gellert Grindelwald, that has been the catalyst for all of this. Had they never met, perhaps things would be different. So many things could be different..." "May I ask, Caelius, about Cecilia Lupin?" James continued his steady gait through the shelves of prophecies in the darkness, their cases lighting up automatically as the wizards walked, as if, somewhere within there was an ethereal hope that they would be chosen to relieve their burden of future-casting. "We all know she mysteriously ended up here, here - " he arced an arm around him, lighting up several more prophecy-cases, "nearly twelve years ago. That is common knowledge. And I now understand your decision to isolate her. Do you believe her "Boy that Never Was" book was some sort of prophecy too?" Insightful, thought Caelius, as he stepped lightly. For James had little time to ask these vital questions of him before his ability to share them with him diminished to nothing and he had nothing of worth to share. They were up against time – this was no leisurely wander through the most secure department in the ministry: the prophecies' magic acted as white-out to anyone trying to intercept what they were discussing, their magical frequencies and amplitudes adding and merging to a point where theirs would be hidden below their noise. "I am divided on that point," Caelius conceded, "for some pieces of evidence point to that, while some do not. Perhaps it could be no more than a coincidence that this woman knows so much about our world; she came from beyond the veil, something we believed, up until recently, was impossible. Something which Tabitha Penwright proved possible. Perhaps there are more people waiting to cross the threshold from the World of Souls to exist in this world? And I have a strong suspicion that Albus Dumbledore believes this too, that the interference in the pensieve business, by communicating using such devices to those wizards he calls Conjurists skewed, extreme propaganda, this is just a smokescreen. There is some connection with the World of Souls, with Albus Dumbledore's ability to tap into it somehow, and the conjurists." "But what?" asked James, stopping abruptly, now truly awed. "That, my friend, is the sixty-four thousand galleon question. For when I find some more information about it, when I glean more knowledge, it only sets be further back, not forward. These fragments of intelligence that I come by in my capacity as the Minister for Magic serve only to muddy the picture, rather than bring clarity. I haven't been able to move from this point for a long, long time." "So you believe, by shedding your role as one of the Joint Heads of the Reciprocators you will have more capacity?" "As you now know, James, the world from which Aberforth departed is far, far different to the one you inherit. It is more than a full-time job for one person, let alone for that person to fulfil such a critical political role. Something would always have to take less precedence, and at this moment, that cannot be the case, or they will triumph. Tabitha is doing as she assured is she would be: it's hidden and almost beyond any explanation than mere words can convey. But I trust Tabitha implicitly." "Unlike Cecilia Lupin," retorted James. "She has done nothing wrong, as far as I can make out. Why do you isolate her so?" "Can you not see? If she is a link to Albus Dumbledore's plan...if she is a connection to the evil he is bringing to our world, setting this country's people against one another, a divide and conquer strategy, then she must be held at arms' length. It was only because she revealed such talents that I decided on mercy." "Mercy? To go to Durmstrang is mercy? She lived with us, alongside us for years before you decided on that! She and your brother married. There's Septimus..." "Circumstances changed, James. Her existence represented a threat. What would you have done? I could have thrown her into our North Sea prison. But, as you yourself said, she did nothing wrong. I had to manufacture a reason for her to go. At least she has a purpose there." "In the lions' den? You know who is headmaster, Caelius, Broeck! And to whom does that lead?" "It was the best of a bad situation, James. You have faced them, on your duty rounds as a reciprocator. You will face them again. I like control, I do not deny that. But I have to also accept that there are some things I cannot control, for being controlled would necessarily cause harm. Some things have to unfold naturally, and only then can I react to them. We must see what Tabitha Penwright's work will uncover; we must see where Cecilia's decisions take her. As it is, she has been most valuable to us where she is; she had brought fresh information about Auld Magic to us, which your dear wife, and now Harry, have spent a good deal of time unpicking for us." "If you are going to ask me to ask Lily to collaborate with Cecilia then that is out of the question. She is...not herself currently. But, if you want my opinion, Caelius, it will be a boon to have Cecilia back. It will advance our cause. Maybe she would be better off in Britain, Caelius, for she may offer insights, having worked at Durmstrang, that she couldn't before." Caelius pushed his long, sandy hair over his shoulder as a silence grew between them. "It is a point I will consider most thoroughly," he replied, at length. "Our country has been fortunate that we have not fallen victim to the extremism that has befallen so many parts of Europe. That we are an island, while it is a weakness in collaboration, is also a strength. Ideas travel more slowly, again a weakness and a strength. If we can stem the extremism; if we can call upon our citizens to unite in what we have in common, this will be the start. We held Durmstrang as a model, and wanted to emulate it, and have taken our time, slowly, carefully, ensure it happens successfully. But at the same time what has happened? Society has grown less tolerant, more polarised...this...conjurism is established and its roots run deep, its branches reach far. That it is controlled by Albus Dumbledore is almost without doubt. But the operative word there is "almost." Should there prove to be something else we have missed, we will all come to pay the price of this mistake – my mistake. Twenty years ago he was on the brink of opening the doors of Durmstrang to the proletariat We could say "Auld Magic" and just mean the magic we search for when it's not at our fingers, but it has become torn and twisted out of shape, nailed to the maligned cause of fundamental wizardry. And, then, then - " he turned his head, his eyes locked on James, "I sent my brother...I sent Sirius to that house! But I, in the interest in societal cohesion, had been the one to allow those half breeds into the country in the first place! Sirius Black! The descendant of the greatest libertarian we have ever seen! And my brother! If I had known...James, if I had known, I would have gone myself!" He slunk back as James's brow crinkled in empathy. "And now, Caelius? What does the Minister of Magic wish of the Reciprocators?" "To go on, James. We can continue to monitor the inter-floo messages - Regulus is our pioneer there. Cecilia will be here and, as you suggest, I will allow her to aid us." "You will let her stay?" "For the moment. She may prove useful. She has, after all, proved her worth. Even as recently as a week ago Severus received word that she had found a way to help Remus. If that does not demonstrate her love for him, then I do not know what has. I believe I may have wronged the woman, despite my suspicions of her deeper part in all of this." "As a conjurist?" asked James, doubtfully. "As a pawn. But, on balance, to remain in this country would provide more benefits than difficulties." Spoken by a true statesman, thought James. For there was no-one else like Caelius Lupin. He was born to be in a position of political power – no other job would suit him. Someone had to do it. And someone had to he head of the reciprocators. "Are you in accord?" asked Caelius, suddenly, the side of his face illuminated by the prophecies by which he had suddenly stopped. "Yes," nodded the new Head of the Reciprocators. "We will carry on, Caelius, like we pledged to do when Aberforth died. Our work is hard, yes, but since the Witan, they seem to have got the message about covens, regulated or not. Those that were in fashion a few months ago are not so overt; it's not fashionable or trendy so much any more. Any true conjurists are keeping their counsel. We knew that our duty was to uncover the meaning of the Auld Magic for the purposes of information and education and we were all instrumental in it." "There is worse,," conceded Caelius. "I have discovered, the corruption, the amount of corruption at the ministry...I am...involved in counter-terrorism with the non-wizard government and the European Government as the Combined Government. We are using emergency powers just to get us through each day. To be honest, even if I did went to keep Cecilia in Durmstrang, I don't think I could: I cannot afford a day off over the Christmas period, and it will not do to leave Septimus alone over Christmas as I did in the summer, especially in a few days' time when he experiences his...no..." Caelius pulled his cheeks down momentarily, then put the heels of his hands against his closed eyes, before opening them. "The polarisation of opinion is still there, James, though, as you say, is well hidden. Some elements of my cabinet still call for regulation of the Reciprocators, something which, of course, I have vehemently opposed. But not just for the obvious reasons - if we are regulated, we lose the independence of the group, and therefore the essence of our existence. To some, to many, increasingly so it appears I have – I had - a conflict of interest. In addition, I just cannot keep the pace of what I used to - the role has grown, outgrown anything Aberforth could have envisaged - did envisage: I asked him when I met with Severus yesterday – and told him that by doing this badly it will be worse than not doing it at all. I cannot do any more. I have plugged every role that I could in the ministry over the years - " "- and your unfailingly hard work is a strength of yours- " "I am glad you have faith in me, James. Ha! To think, it seems like only yesterday that you would come to our cottage to visit Remus. That you and Sirius would be out over the mountains with him, like Septimus and his friend Julian do." "Peter too," added James, adding to the reminisce. "Yes," agreed Caelius, gravely, "Peter too. So," he summarised, "we are in accord? The reciprocators are to remain independent, and you will continue to lead them as you have done for so many months already." "Indeed," agreed James, stopping as he turned to the Minister for Magic. Already the man seemed changed, as if physically the removal of this burden, this role, had caused his spirit to come alive again. "Come, come to my office," Caelius bustled, "for Severus Snape will be anxious to meet with you." "Indeed," nodded James. As far as Lily as Sirius knew, he had only been visiting Caelius to deliver an update. When they found out, it would be rather more than a shock. Lily, James considered. Perhaps I'll leave it until after the party tomorrow. She may have relaxed a little and be in a better frame of mind, especially as she had been the one to try to insist that he resigned his responsibility of the co-ordination of the reciprocators only that morning. No, he thought. Lily would not be pleased. Caelius's office was a stark contrast to the gloom of the Department of Mysteries. He had at least gone to the effort of decoration for the season – the wall behind him was set for perpetual snow; the fire in the grate was burning a huge Yule log. And place did indeed seem as homely as he remembered Mrs Lupin's cottage to be all those years ago. James's attention was brought back to the here and now as Caelius held up a bottle, in a dark, amber bottle. "Photosensitive," Caelius explained, "or at least, that's what Severus told me. The potion within is susceptible to light, which is why I have been keeping it with the Mysteries." "What potion is that?" asked James. "What does it do?" "It buys Cecilia Lupin's freedom," he replied, "for, potentially, it is Remus's cure." "Really?" James stared at the little bottle. "She did that for Remus?" "She conceived the theory; Severus Snape developed it into existence. His contact from Romania, Constantin, the specialist in vampires, has this in his possession and is even now on the verge of confirming whether this will bring Remus back to us." "And will it?" James was still staring. There was an iridescence to it, even within the dark walls of glass, that was almost hypnotic – it gleamed and glistened like water under an early morning sun. "Severus told me that chemically - magically- it should work. The potion should fool the parasite within Remus into reproduction and at that point exterminate the larvae." "Charming." He looked at Caelius. "I got the primrose root - I found a way..." "And it is contained therein," nodded Caelius. "The ingredients are correct; its been cross checked. I will remember to thank Cecilia Lupin tomorrow night for saving my brother's life." "So, you're coming tomorrow night?" James asked, when he could stand the silence that Caelius's last statement had invoked. "To the party at Grimmauld Place? You'll stay, not just drop off Septimus?" "I believe so," nodded Caelius, repocketing the amber vial. "Then on Boxing Day there's the premiere of the quibball - Bannerman, Quatley, Heironymous...Ronaldo, Giggs, Gerrard...Aberforth's legacy bears fruit: Bellatrix is a genius!" "Yes, eventually, I will be there," agreed Caelius, folding his arms. "I am to meet Cecilia; Severus is bringing Septimus." He closed his eyes, the warmth on his face a balm to the almost intolerable feeling of stress and strain being relieved, in part, by the wizard standing in front of him. "I have a long night - rest, Caelius. You have no need to escort me to Hedgewards. Things are quiet for now. There's hardly been anything like any attacks since before Halloween, and the Witan...can you spare yourself an evening longer for the quibball?" Caelius turned his head to James, a smile on his face, something his muscles had almost forgotten how to do. Quiet is just an absence of open animosity, thought Caelius, cynically, quiet should not be confused with peace. "Severus's meetings are never of any great length," nodded Caelius, feeling as if his mind had been drained, and a measure of calm was enveloping it. "You have a lot to consider. Continue to keep Rod Lestrange informed, even if it is quiet." He looked at the now-unofficial Head of Reciprocators and added, "I appreciate your consideration, my friend, but no. Not now. Later, perhaps." And James Potter disapparated, leaving the head of the Ministry mulling the imminent future as yellow flames greedily consumed another pine log. 88888888 The visit to the Natural History Museum had been brilliant. They had gone early to London's shops, woth the coloured lights and festive displays and, while Septimus had stepped off train the evening before, tired from travel and dull from worry the drive to Mr. Scott's brother's house, where he would be staying with them for a few nights had replaced those of desperation for the next couple of days to pass quickly so he could be with mum in the Lake District and having Christmas with her, with feelings of euphoric festivity. "It's so Christmassy!" Opal had exclaimed for about the twentieth time that day, as shoppers, milling about, buying the last-minute bargains, greeting one another, walking about and chatting happily, had exuded the essence of the season. In Marks and Spencer on Oxford Street, Mrs Scott had helped Septimus choose a present for his mum – a sparkly gold top and matching jewellery. Mrs Scott has said that she had met his mum once, and that was about her size, but if she kept the receipt Mrs Lupin could return it for a different size. Mr. Scott had then found them and had urged them on to the museum, promising lunch at the restaurant there as an incentive for their expediency. It didn't take much for Julian to hurry. The museum was within walking distance, and surprisingly busy for Christmas Eve and Mrs Scott had supplemented their lunch with almost every conceivable delicacy that the Lake District had to offer: butter, cheese, cake... "...and Kendal Mint cake!" she declared, her voice dropping as Mr. Scott brought over the food, slipping the three children a bar each of pure condensed sugar flavoured with mint, as Opal's father put in front of her a large cake with eight candles on. "You wouldn't think we'd forget, now, do you?" asked her father, as Julian's sister grinned from ear to ear. "Look, they even managed to ice a bee on for you." Opal was, in the same way that Julian and their father were keen on rocks and minerals, deeply interested in insects and she had received an apiary for her birthday, something she had woken the house with that morning with her excitement at such a present. At home, there was plenty of space in their garden for it, and was promised that when she was older she could have beehives, if she looked after the bees in the apiary properly. "I am really looking forward to watching the quibball match on Boxing Day," said Mr. Scott, when they were making progress with their lunches. "To think, we saw the first one, eh Maureen, at your school, Julian?" Julian and Septimus grinned at one another, both remembering the Halloween Games, where Mr. and Mrs. Scott had indeed spectated, and the attacks by Conjurists had led to them, along with a lot of other parents, sleeping overnight in the Room of Requirement. "It's going to help all over for sports," he continued, "lots of footballers are getting into it – those not signing to leagues, and so on. The same with quidditch players;they're setting up together. It's going to be an up-and-coming sport in years to come." Quibball, thought Septimus, as he tucked into his cabbage and carrots. The Scotts had bought them all a roast turkey dinner, which was, as these things usually are in restaurants at Christmastime, turkey instead of chicken, with a range of vegetables, stuffing and gravy, with the option of things like cranberry jelly and roast chestnuts, things you just didn't get at any other time of the year. "What sort of traditions are there in your family, Septimus?" Mrs Scott had asked, and Septimus had told her that Christmas was pretty much the same as in non-wizard families, " - mum's a non-wizard. And we go to church - " and then everyone laughed and chatted about Christmas, and their favourite part of it, and things they remember, including Mr. Scott explaining how he got a large cut all down the lower part of his left leg where he and his friend had gone out sledging when he was thirteen in large snowdrifts in the countryside round Coniston, and had come off and got entangled round a tree. After a long afternoon in the museum, where they had seen everything from mummies, dinosaurs, the statues of Darwin and Alfted Russel Wallace and, eventually, the large collection of minerals and rocks, they had eventually got back to Mr. Scott's brother's house at around nine, just enough time for a bite of supper and to hang up their stockings. Opal had been enthusiastic, demanding first go at hanging up hers so that,"Father Christmas would see it first"; Julian and Septimus were a lot more cynical and had played along for Opal's sake. Once their beds that night, in the very top of the house, with the lights out, Julian asked Septimus about his dad. "Do you wonder what Professor Snape meant when he said that your illness was hereditary?" It had been something that had been on his friend's mind, Septimus could sense, and in the mostly-darkness (mostly because the curtains were illuminated by the orange glow of the streetlights outside) he turned over in bed towards his friend. He could feel his face redden under the cover of darkness as his soporific mind sprang to alertness at the mention of the condition that Severus Snape had told him about, and he, in turn, had told Julian. "I don't know. At least I can ask mum tomorrow. I am looking forward to seeing her so much." "I know - " There was a pause. "Only?" "Only, you know I'm your best friend, right?" "Right..." Septimus's voice trailed off. What was Julian trying to say? They'd chatted that evening already about his parents and Julian had counselled him about his dad's absence and how he would explain to his mum he hadn't got his Lightningshot, which she had spent all her money on for him, "What's this about, Julian?" he asked, pointedly. "You know when you were ill? You were in the exact same bed that I was when I was ill?" "Yes," nodded Septimus, sensing his friend's point was not about hospital beds. "I visited you, and, one night, I came down to see you after hours, and I heard the Prof talking to Madam Pomfrey talking to Professor Snape." "Oh! Right?" "He said...I heard him say...the illness, the lycanthropy that you had, was hereditary, rather than you being bitten, like Darren's uncle? Who had gone out with your dad that day and was bitten by a werewolf?" "Sirius Black?" "Yep." Julian shuffled under his duvet. There was a long pause. Whatever Julian was trying to tell him was clearly awkward. "What I'm trying to say is, if Professor Snape is saying your lycanthropy is inherited, so you won't actually be a werewolf, where did it actually come from? Who did you get it from?" "Well..." began Septimus, then stopped. It was a good point, and one he had not yet thought about beyond the fact he had the same condition as his Uncle Kay, who was the only werewolf he knew. Even then, Severus Snape had made him a potion to prevent his spontaneous transformation. And had been bitten; he didn't inherit it from his father, Septimus's grandfather, who was also his dad's dad too... "I...dunno, Jules. I'll talk to mum, I guess. It's a lot to take in. But hey, thanks," "For what?" "For telling me." Lycanthropy, inherited from somewhere. What about his dad's ancestors? Or his mum's? She was a non-wizard, as were her parents. But if there was anything he had learned about the Universal Link was magic skipped generations, like hair colour, and if there were twins in the family. Perhaps it was from his grandparents, or great grandparents. "Night," called Julian, in the darkness, which made Septimus, who was dropping back off to sleep, wake back up sharply. "Night." "Sep?" "Yeh?" "It's after midnight. Merry Christmas." In the darkness, Septimus smiled. Today he would see his mum, and see dad, and have Christmas with his family. "Merry Christmas to you too, Jules." 88888888 It was just after midnight when Harry and Hermione began to move from the sofa, from which they had been watching their Christmas film. The evening had been really lovely; Hermione had got back home – early for one – from Strasbourg. Harry too had been able to slip away from the auror office, from where he was doing a large amount of historical research in place of his mum. A good deal of paperwork to that respect had been brought home and bene duly filed in a pile in the cupboard under the stairs. As they watched the film that evening, "Out of Africa", one of Hermione's favourites, his mind wandered to the last few messages that had been flying round the auror office, from Dave Mullen, Cabinet link to the aurors. They had been asked to note any incidences of where magic had been used and to cross-reference them with any conjurist attacks. Not that there had been many conjurist attacks recently – since the Witan even the likes of Swales and Blewitt had been keeping their noses clean. But another phenomenon had been on Harry's mind that afternoon, following their morning de-brief by Hervert Herbert: they were to report with any attacks the magical energy levels: it seemed there was less of a magical footprint at places where these attacks took place than other places where wizards and non-wizards met – significantly so. Caelius would be onto that like a bloodhound on a fox-trail, Harry had thought that afternoon. Any patterns in magical activity and the Minister for Magic would take a keen interest. "But that's his job," said Hermione, when he had mentioned it to her that afternoon, "like some things are my job. You'll see, when you move to Strasbourg with me. I'm glad you agreed with me, that it would save money towards the wedding. Caelius says only temporary." He felt Hermione snuggle next to him as the film had played on and Harry had thought, "but temp things sometimes have a way of becoming permanent." And he knew that he wouldn't like to move there permanently, as lovely as the city was. Anyway, all of that felt a long way off with Christmas now surrounding them. Over dinner, Hermione had asked if he had seen Ron, and what his Christmas plans were. "He's still seeing Freya. He says they'll be seeing each other over Christmas. "How about when Cecilia comes back for Christmas?" Hermione had asked, a forkful of ham and cucumber. "Who knows? She's happy with Ron, it seems." Yes, things did seem to be happy. And he was happy for him and Hermione too. How lucky he was to be with her, and they had a future together, and good jobs. There was a lot to be happy for, in their own future too. "They are invited at Christmas, dad said, to Grimmauld Place." "Oh? That'll be great," replied Hermione. "Only, won't Dudley be there, with his family, too?" "I shouldn't think that would matter," Harry had replied, "that's been over several months. My cousin doesn't dwell on these sorts of things. Anyway, he'll be pleased enough with his promotion: he's working with his dad on the floo network. There's a lot on with that and the ministry work is keeping them busy. He relaxes easily, does Dud." "Hopefully all of them are relaxed tomorrow," conceded Hermione, clearing up the dinner and dishing out a steaming rice pudding. "I spoke to your mum but all she seemed to be concerned with was the collaboration of the reciprocators with the NWRs." "It won't be the NWRs," sighed Harry, "it'll be one NWR in particular." "Petunia," they'd said together. And laughed. That Lily and Petunia Evans had never seen eye to eye was an understatement. "It's helped I've got some of her work but - " "Yes?" "But, I dunno. Dad said she'd been acting strangely recently, not like her usual self." "She's been through the mill recently with Sam," Hermione had reminded him. Harry's mind came back to the present, just after midnight between Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, as the credits of the film rolled. "Time for bed," declared Hermione, untangling her limbs from Harry's. "You aren't staying up to do anything with that lot, are you?" Past the Christmas tree Hermione pointed to the partially-ajar under-stairs cupboard door, which would not close because of the vast amount of paperwork from Harry's office. "Nah," said Harry striding over the living room floor and into the hall, stooping to scoop them all up. Hermione knelt to help him. After a couple of minutes her hand rested on a pile of things and she seized one, then another, looking them over in disbelief. "I thought I'd thrown this out," she declared, "and that one. Just a moment." Harry looked at what she had in her hands: Cecilia's notebooks; the "Story that Never Was"; "Auld Magic"... "Or, you could just put them back," suggested Harry, innocently. Harry looked at him suspiciously. "Harry, I've thrown this book away three times, and this one, in fact all of these, only for it to reappear in the house." "Magic?" suggested Harry, trying not to sound too enthusiastic. "Or perhaps there's something you'd like to tell me?" She put down what was Cecilia Lupin's notebook and looked at the pages, which were blank. Giving Harry another doubtful look, she leafed further in, only to find more blank pages, and then one which did contain some writing. She stared at it and Harry craned over, trying to read it, but it faded from the page as if the paper itself was absorbing the ink. "What you have in your possession is no mere diary. It is access to someone's thoughts, past and present. " The words that Severus Snape had said to him the night he had visited and made Harry promise to look after the books trotted themselves over his cerebellum. "Well," he began, defeated. There was no harm in Hermione knowing, the thought of the warm, fuzziness of sleep now well-abandoned. "Cecilia Lupin," he began. "They belong to her. Severus Snape left them here for safekeeping." "But I distinctly remember burning them!" exclaimed Hermione. "Biblioinflamore." declared Harry, in wonder. "There is a spell, there must be a spell protecting them. It doesn't matter if you destroy them, they'll reform as they once were. Phoenix-magic." "And how is it continuing to write?" asked Hermione as the words appeared on the page, existed for a second, then were absorbed by the paper. "Strong, deep magic," Harry replied, vaguely. "I didn't perform it – maybe Snape? Maybe Caelius Lupin?" "And how long must you take care of it?" But, before Harry could answer, below Hermione's hand, the page darkened, as if being covered from edge to edge, corner to corner, in black ink, the pages crinkling around the sides and near the spine. "Snape said I should bring them to him, and I would know when." "But - " but before Hermione could continue, the book vibrated under her hand, hissing and writhing like a lobster in hot water. "I don't know," said Harry, staring at the book. "They've never done that before." "Shall we put them back?" suggested Hermione, who went to pick up Cecilia's journal. It was at that point when the pages flicked open to the blackened ones and the screaming started 8888888 Despite her last lesson being two days ago Cecilia Lupin, Professor Lupin, teacher of non-wizard studies at the Durmstrang Institute had spent the freezing, wind-lashed days preparing work for the Durmstrang students. As fervently as ever she had known they were spending their pre-Christmas time not considering family, festivities and fun but, rather, work, focus and studying. At least that way, Cecilia rationalised, she wouldn't be bombarded with questions about holiday learning schedules if she was prepared and planned for them: it allayed their fears and worries, it made her stop the feeling of anxious excitement in her stomach at finally seeing her son and, Cecilia thought, the third thing. The thing she must get over that night. The thing the students had been told they must attend, must relax for and at which with their presence they must honour their school: the school ball. Climbing the stairs back to her bedroom, having dropped off the last pile of work in the correct "out" trays by her classroom, labelled as they were for the appropriate year groups, Cecilia heaved it open, stepped wearily in and closed it behind her. Done, her mind thought to herself, as she took a few steps back, leaning against the thick panelling for support. That truly is the end. No coming back here, whatever Caelius Lupin wants. She smiled at the thought, as the rain and sea spattered the windows again and again, being swept there by high winds. And, she would have to go out in that, her mind thought as her heart sank. A lot of her things would get soaked unless she could wrap them well. But...that wouldn't be 'til later. First, she needed to...Cecilia reached to her head, her hair having grown quite a lot since the summer, when she had chopped it to ear height. Now, her hair was limp and in need of a wash. And a good hairdresser to get it halfway neat for a ball. At least, she had some time now; it was only four-thirty. And Ragnhild had promised she would help her out with re-styling something she had. It would work, anyway. It was only a ball. So why was she feeling self-conscious about it? Focus, Cecilia, you old fool, she told herself, as her incidental magic managed to get herself a halfway hot bath next door. Focus on what's really important: getting down the steps to the harbour, on that boat, and back to Yorkshire. Focus on what you need to take. Think about Septimus and Remus, and what you'll say to Severus Snape when you meet him. Think about getting to Edgeford and planning your way out of this mess and getting your lives back together while Remus is in hospital - A knock, on the door of her room came sharply and interrupted her train of thought. Cecilia stopped the train in a siding and called out, "yes?" "It's me, Lindvald?" There was a pause. She couldn't very well let him in. And, well, she hoped to heaven he wouldn't come in. "Cecilia?" "I'm...just in the bathroom!" she shouted, hoping he could hear her through two doors. "Alright, well, I came to say that I would call at seven for the ball?" When she didn't answer immediately, he added, "did you hear me, Mrs Frobisher?" "You said you'd call at seven, Mr Halen," called back Cecilia, having gulped a mouthful of soapy water. That only gave her two and a half hours to make herself look – less like some old woman. "Thank you," she added, wondering whether he'd gone, and "see you later." "Yes," his voice came again. "See you later." Having got out of the bath with rather more haste than she had got in it, Cecilia wrapped her hair in a towel, her body in another and pulled on Petunia Dursley's jumper over the top, pacing over the cold stone floor towards the door at speed, opening the lock and latch and pulling it open. He had gone, she thought, with a touch of relief as she told herself as she closed the door. Then she turned her back to it and leant against it, crossing her arms over her chest, her mind filling with thoughts racing and she screwed up her eyes. This was so wrong, she thought, as Lind's brown eyes and chestnut hair invaded her visual consciousness, his long nose and fingers which she had so often noticed when he'd held his wand aloft, or pointed things out to students when he had taught. His soft, reassuring voice – was she alright – how did she feel – questions that made her feel, well, like a person again, rather than a mother, rather than a non-wizard, rather than a - A wife! Remus, still in St. Mungo's, still ill, caused a shiver across her shoulders. She was still here, technically. She had been working for him, of course. That was why she had spoken to Lind; discussed things with him; watched him work on things she could not. He had done so much for her: of course she could repay the favour to Lindvald Halen! She would go. Even thought she was thirteen years older than him...like he was a younger brother, as she had described to Petunia. She was helping him out. So why did she still feel so wrong about it? Cecilia returned to the bathroom, where it was relatively less cold, towel-drying her hair and pulling on some pyjama bottoms for the moment to go with her warmest sweater as she dragged out the case that was under her bed, where her book was stored with the refinements for Remus's potion were; where the match and base for Harry. She had it pictured in her mind only for a few minutes on the day that Caelius had forced her back to Durmstrang, almost immediately after she had said goodbye to Septimus at King's Cross, on 1st September. The rails had barely had time to cool down before he was telling her that her belongings were already at Durmstrang. Outside, in the stone passageway, feet were stepping, and Cecilia froze. It was never seven already! She waited for a knock on the door, but it didn't come. The footsteps grew quieter. Other wizards and witches; Ragnhild? Perhaps not; she tended to excuse herself from large groups of people as the Seeing upset her: she and Cecilia had excused themselves from the last two Christmas balls on that basis. But not tonight. If she thought of Lindvald Halen as a little brother, perhaps that would make it easier. Because after tonight, she needn't see him again. Others were making their way now to the formalities that were Christmas Eve at Durmstrang that year: doors below and further along the gloom-filled corridor opening and closing told the tale of all the staff of the Institute preparing for tonight. She had been awestruck at actually how many staff there were at the school: Cecilia had attended the formal school meal before the children, working up to the last minute as they had chosen to do, were expected to mark the season with a dinner and speeches. If that has been anything to go by, this evening would also be filled with talk of exclusivity, hard work, toil and reward of the wizards they would eventually become, before instructing them to return home for the season and continue with the school's teachings of discipline and high expectation as they represented their families for a short time. Several of the students did choose to remain at the school and it had increased last year compared to the previous; many of the teachers returned home so the students weren't able to access lessons but at least they could search in the library, or use their leisure time, as well as practising Quidditch to perfect essays or speeches. Inside her suitcase was little of merit, nothing at all that would be fit for a formal occasion. A short sleeved suit blouse and trousers that she wore for teaching was the smartest that she could find; nothing in the dress department and, because of lack of time to dry it properly she would have to wear it up. As for make up? Forget it. She had never thought she would socialise and never wore any. Dressing quickly she criticised her appearance and not constructively. Another decade and she would look like her mother, only with redder hair though with definitely as many wrinkles. No. It was no good. Cecilia closed her eyes. She would have to tell Lind that she couldn't go and he would have to bear his dislike of the event as best he could. Opening her eyes, Cecilia expected to see the image she had just banished by closing them and was about to step towards the bed to undress and put on something more comfortable stopped dead. Her hair. It was longer than even she had remembered, and curled slightly so it bobbed down as ringlets from her crown. Her dress, a flattering turquoise, cut advantageously around her hips so it flared out and fell in soft waves. A stole on her bed was trimmed in turquoise and gold lace and, on her feet, a small heeled pair of open-toed sling-backs. How...? Ragnhild stood in the doorway as she turned. The white-blonde witch a few years older than Cecilia was wearing a floor-length silver gown which sparkled as though covered with diamond. Her figure slender, she had silver shoes to match the dress and her hair was fixed with bluebird-shaped clips, pale blue stones adorned the decoration. "Ragnhild?" "You cannot go to the ball in anything other than the finest," Ragnhild began, smiling happily. "Nor I too, Sissee. I cannot help you with the decoration of your thoughts however; whether you go is your decision. But if you do go you will at least look your best." Cecilia stepped – carefully – towards her friend, the ability to walk in the small heel of her shoe a little difficult as she was so out of practice. She looked at her friend's face, seeking the answer which she knew would not come. "I am expected. But, following the speeches and dancing begun, I expect to return to my room. Please may I take this chance to wish you a good Christmastime, Sissee, and that all you wish for comes to pass. Your gift," she added, indicating Cecilia's appearance. "I have nothing for you, Ragnhild, only my friendship. You shall always be dear to me; you should only ask should you need anything. I am likely to be going home soon and I can keep you informed of Crystallia." The older witch sighed. "Only if you are able Sissee, that would be gift indeed." "The communications black-out. But if you use my fire, Ragnhild, I know of a way." "Indeed, indeed," nodded Ragnhild. "I will be sure to use it, of course, and should you have news of Crystallia I will be indeed glad to receive it. Now." The graceful witch took a step back, her eyes looking Cecilia up and down, critically. "One more thing for you, and you will be perfect." Out of bag she pulled a necklace, a large, oversized gold filigree heart, which seemed to contain a red stone underneath. She slipped it around her neck carefully, then looked at her again. "Perfect." Cecilia felt her eyes look down. It was beautiful. And she would be sure to return it to the witch before she left. Her eyes took in the detail again, as her mind was trying to work out where she had seen it before. "Thank you, it's such a lovely loan." But, perhaps it was not her own necklace which was familiar, but that of Ragnhild's: she had wondered how it was that the witch would be able to stand the presence of so many people. And then she realised: she had made her watchstone into a necklace! "Ah? You noticed the detail? Yes, indeed, I will attend tonight, although I will not be able to bear it for too long – a few hours, or so. Enough for the show of propriety." Cecilia smiled. Ingenious work from a witch whose condition made her suffer so. "Crystallia's is from the same rock – it is from our home, from Iceland. The whole of the island is made of it, and keeps Narratoveritae safe. Safe up here," she added, waving her hand towards her temple. "Many a truthteller has lost his mind without it. At least her country will keep her safe," she added, smiling wanly at Cecilia. "If only I could go with her, and see her once more." "Can't you?" asked Cecilia, "if the rock will keep you sane, like you said." "Oh Sissee, it is not as simple as all that. In my community, in my country...for a truthteller to have a daughter...this means you are cast out, banished from your home, your lives, your people." "What?!" Cecilia exclaimed in shock. "It is...unfortunate. Crystallia is still pure, and as such will receive her visions without the horror I suffer. My mother was the same...which is why I was compelked to leave Iceland before this so-called gift drove me to madness. I am lucky, Sissee. I can use academia as a salve, and Caelius Lupin was able to afford Crystallia a place at Hedgewards. She is going back to her father's family for Christmas, for Yule." "So, it's worse becauae you have a daughter?" Cecilia felt her mouth was still open, agog. "Because I have a child, yes," Ragnhild sighed. "Having a daughter is the fate of a Narrativeritium. It is passed down through the female line. I exiled myself before the shame of my own expulsion from my family, shame that my mother had to endure. I would not wish that on Crystallia, the shame I had to bear...and yet...the last thing my mother said to me was that I, too, would be in the same position she was in. I was horrified, of course, but vowed to control the circumstances in which it happened. It did not stop me from loving her father, it did not stop me from his family taking me in to their home and treating me like a daughter, risking exile too. "The ten years before Crystallua was born was the happiest time of my life. I studied; we travelled. And then, when life seemed only too perfect my visions became intolerable and the words of my mother came to my mind. I knew I was expecting a daughter and so to save the honour of Sigurd's family I made plans to be away, legitimately, with dignity. Something my mother could not. After she was born, my darling girl, pure as the moonlight, innocent as the sun, I spent more and more time away. The Brandts stepped in to raise her...I could not have asked for better parents-in law...but" she gripped Cecilia's lower arm, staring into her eyes deeply, "I miss them, every day...my darling Sigurd...his parents...their home, which was our home, near the coast...what else could be done? My mother died of madness, rejected by her family for her gift. I was brought up with the stigma and shame of truthtelling in my nature. It's better to know, than not know..." Cecilia did not know what to say, and rather, said nothing, drawing the beautiful, flawless, slim, ice-blonde-haired, pitiful woman to her, holding her close, feeling her long, sorrowful sighs against her own body as if the woman was letting go some inner sadness. "It is Crystallia's fate, too," whispered Ragnhild, as they broke apart. "When she leaves school I plan to visit home one last time to tell her. She cannot avoid her fate any more than she can escape the tides. But with luck she will have enough life experience and friends around her to soften this cruel fate of ours." Cecilia took her hand, thinking of Sam Potter, who was the girl's boyfriend; of Lily and James...of Harry and Hermione...yes, she concluded, there were enough people around Crystallia Brandt to care for her when the time came and, who knows, maybe the curse of truthtelling would not be as terrible for her, being educated at Hedgewards, with the variety of children there...with a different attitude to impairments such as Crystallia had. They had begun to take on non-wizard children, for example: you couldn't get more liberal than that. "So I am glad for you, Cecilia Lupin. When you leave tonight, like Cinderella in the story, you will take the boat home to be with your son, her pale eyes shimmering like diamonds. To want to be with your family is a will like no other - I know that. But also, sometimes, the will to stay away to protect them is what you need to find within." Cecilia could feel her eyes widening but before Cecilia could question Ragmhild on her profound statement, though, a knock came on the door, followed by, "Mrs Lupin? Cecilia?" Ragnhild's mouth turned into a crescent at the sound of Lindvald's voice and she got to her feet. "Thank you, Cecilia, for all you have done. Listened to me, like no-one else could have," she added, answering the question that was only now half forming in Cecilia's mind. "And take care." Lightly she paced to the door, her delicate limb guiding her slim hand to the doorknob. She opened the door as Lindvald Halen stood there. The wizard bowed to Ragnhild as the witch nodded, striding by but, just before she continued towards Durmstrang's Great Hall she turned her head, looking at Lindvald for a second, before flashing a smile at Cecilia. "Mr. Halen", Cecilia felt herself saying as a flush of colour worked its way from her stomach to her chest, to her shoulders and then to ger face as the wizard's chestnut-brown eyes met hers. He smiled, before saying, "may I come in?" Cecilia nodded, trying to quell the slightly uncomfortable feeling in her stomach - the young man looked...beyond handsome, the blood-red and black fur of the Durmstrang dress cloak complementing the dark brown of his robe beneath. He was smiling "Thank you, Mrs Lupin. You have afforded me a great favour this evening. And may I say how exquisite you look this evening?" Cecilia could feel her heart beating faster, but she fought to control her feelings. "I think, under the circumstances, you may call me Cecilia," she said, smiling back. "I must just say, though, I cannot stop 'til the end of the ball." "No, no, I quite understand," Lindvald replied, stepping towards her and, with a nimble deftness drew his hands towards her shoulders, catching the necklace that Ragnhild had lent her as it fell. "It looks as if the catch is loose," he said, glancing at the ruby-red stone, before withdrawing his wand and aiming it with all the precision of a clockmaker working on the inner cogs of a timepiece, a tiny stream of a spell interacting with the clasp. "Here," he said, holding the necklace in his hand. "It's beautiful," he added stepping behind her. Then, without warning, Lindvald lifted her hair to one side, fastening the gold chain on which the filigree-work pendant hung around her neck, his hands brushing her shoulders. "There," he said, smiling widely to Cecilia, "you look beautiful. Thank you again." He held out his arm. "Dress cloak," Cecilia said clumsily, trying to dash away thoughts of, well, anything from her mind, the wizard's touch on her skin most of all. She looked towards the end of the bed and Lindvald scooped it up, making to put this on her, too. "I think I've got it," said Cecilia, as she took it from him, swishing the heavy cloak over her shoulders in an arc, then fastening it with the two ebony buttons at the collar. "There. Shall we be off, Mr Halen?" "Lindvald," said Lindvald Halen, as he offered her the crook of his arm. "If we are on first-name terms, Lindvald..." Scooping up the small bag that was also by her bed, containing both the two potions of Harry's and the final notes that the refined Mr Lindvald Halen had assisted her with, plus the theories that Lindvald Halen had put to her - verifying background energy as she had been involved, and his discovery of Herpo the Foul, splitting his soul, related to Salazar Slytherin. Cecilia had mused on the coincidence, but had dismissed it - of course Slytherin would have an ancestor who had formulated horcruxes. But there was no heir of Slytherin, here. Or rather there was, but he had had a stable upbringing, lived a life of obscurity and died as an old man. Tom Riddle here was not Lord Voldemort. She took the wizard's arm which we was proferring and allowed him to escort her and the only two things she was taking with her home on the boat that night down the corridor to the ball. But, they did not turn left, as was the way out of Cecilia's room in the direction of the Great Hall. Instead, Lindvald took her to the right and they walked down the torchlit corridor towards the owlery, the steps down to the harbour and the rocky outcrop where, several months ago he had saved her from certain death as she foolishly had taken the wrong path down to the owlery to send a letter to Septimus. "Where are we going?" "You'll see," replied the wizard, mirth in his voice and, to Cecila's astonishment, as they stepped out onto the flat path, in the freezing cold, the gibbous moon illuminated it - Lindvald Halen's broom! "I thought we could arrive in style," said the young man, gesturing towards the hovering mode of transport. "But it's only 2 storeys down!" Cecilia laughed, smiling back at him. "We could walk quicker!" Nevertheless, she stepped towards it, sitting side-saddle on the wide handle of the sports-broom, ignoring the urge that she had, always, when getting onto one of the blasted things to put her feet on the floor as if it wouldn't hold her weight. Behind her, Lindvald Halen stepped over the handle at the back, gripping it with his knees as he took Cecilia around the waist. "Ascendio!" he commanded, as the freezing night air caught Cecilia's face, driving the heat of another flush away from her cheeks as the wizard held onto her tightly. Up, up the broom went, ascending the basalt rocks which made up the staff bedrooms, up towards the quidditch pitch, the goals driven deep onto the top of the rock and extending out over the tumultuous Norwegian North Sea. "How are you feeling?" asked Lindvald near her ear, as the wind caught her hair that Ragnhild had so neatly tamed, so that it streamed out behind her shoulders. "Incredible!" she shouted back into the night air, carefree, all measure of inhibition cast aside: it was Christmas Eve, after all. "Incredible,"she replied again, quieter this time, turning her head towards Lindvald, his face close to hers, his eyes reflecting the moon, his eyes and mouth smiling back at her, clearly enjoying their ride as much as she was. Had this been another place, another time, another reality, Cecilia thought for a second...just a second...she could be tempted, by those smiling lips, to... "Hold tight!" declared Lindvald, pointing past her and to the quadrangle that was the open space just ahead of them: the Great Hall square, and he pulled her tightly towards him as he guided the broom deftly over the castle wall and down onto the stone, light glowing from inside the hall. And Cecilia was glad that she had held on: the bump onto the dark, dense granite that made up the square was coming and the landing would be hard. Bracing herself for the "bump" that was to come, Cecilia closed her eyes, but a "bump" never came. Instead, like the careful broomhandler that he was, Lindvald allowed the broom to gracefully glide up to the bottom step of the Great Hall, dismounting, and then, offering her his hand, stood next to Cecilia. Patting her hair that was now truly wild and unkempt, Cecilia took it, before hesitating as Lindvald made to walk her up the steps. "Let me just do something about this, Lindvald," she said trying to make her hair less haystack and more "an hour in the hairdresssers". "You look fine as you are, Cecilia" replied, but stopped anyway, withdrawing his wand again. As the wizard carefully re-did her hairstyle, or at least, did something to make it less like she had gone through a hedge backwards, the light of the moon reflected off Lind's own necklace, a heavy chain next to the collar of his cloak. Cecilia's eyes traced the length of it, but the pendant part was tucked into his robe-collar, under which would be his chest, of course...Cecilia dragged her mind away, by it's proverbial shoulders and leading it away hurriedly from temptation... "There," declared the young wizard, as Cecilia took her eyes away from Lind, the feeling of nosiness at the wizard's attire melting away as she realised he hadn't noticed her looking at him, thank goodness. "And now, Cecilia Frobisher," Lindvald Halen declared, smiling and offering her his arm once more, "to the ball." 88888888 As she stepped through the archway of the hall, music. That would be the enduring memory of the evening. Though 21st December, the equinox and, technically, Yule in the Scandinavian countries had passed, the Christmas celebrations here were punctuated with the spirit if Yule, the pagan festival long predating christianity's celebration of the birth of the Saviour. The music was something she recognised: a song about the green forest and the loveliness of the enduring life in the winter. At the doorway fir-trees, higher even than the one gifted to London from Norway for Trafalgar Square, rose beyond sight into the high entryway; candlelight welcomed the guests to the hall, nestling in decorations of fir branches and red ribbon. A lump came to her throat: this was her third Christmas at Durmstrang, but the first ball she had ever been to. In fact, it was the first time she had entered through the Great Hall's main entrance: for the few times she had been compelled to attend assemblies there she had always slipped in through the teachers' door, on the right, at the back of the hall, through which she had thought she and Lindvald would be entering tonight. The spectacle was a true wonder to behold. Her eye took in the huge basalt columns, set firmly, like guards, in the centre of Durmstrang's Great Hall. Torches burned; a Yule Log too, in a huge central fire. In the shadows, at tables, sat students and staff tables occupied the end of the hall. Lind's voice by her ear made her realise she had stopped and was gaping around her "Are you all right, Cecilia?" "Yes," she nodded, "yes", she repeated more certainly. "To the ball, Mr Halen!" "To the ball!" he echoed, laughing, and Cecilia laughed too, her eyes shining in the candleight from the Christmas tree which loomed to the left of them, at the entrance to the hall. It truly looked as if the hall had been carved out of the basalt rock itself, like a dwarf-mine from tales and legends and the grotto that had been created had been decorated for the season. "Mr. Lindvald Halen and Mrs Cecilia Lupin!" Their names echoed as both of them stepped over the threshold, and they were announced in. Ahead of her, in the dimness she could just make out Ragnhild's while-blonde hair reflecting the torchlight. Other wizards she vaguely recognised, Mendel Felixssohn, Anna Donarsdoetter, Professor of Runes – all of them were sitting, chatting, drinking what looked like wine from long-stemmed glasses. And the evening progressed like that: in a formal, sophisticated manner. She and Lindvald sat; they listened to the speeches cordially delivered; they applauded the displays of talent from the students – poetry-recital of sagas of long ago from memory – one of which, that of Beowulf, took the sixth-year student nearly an hour to recite. Then, as the evening wore on, and Cecilia felt the nervousness of ensuring she must leave in time for her boat, a dance was announced, for staff. At once, Lindvald stood, offering her his hand. "I must go," Cecilia whispered near Lindvald's ear, not least to prevent a repeat of this: dancing with the wizard; being in such proximity, his left hand in her right; his right hand on her back, his fingers warm, holding her steadily. "Certainly, Mrs Lupin. May I escort you?" "Back to my room," she clarified carefully as the music for the dance finished. She stooped by the table, retrieving her bag. It would be a cold journey back to England in this dress, she thought, but at least she would be going, back to her own country; back to Septimus. "Then we shall fly," he chuckled gently, "tell me when - it will be suicide on your own on the steps, in the dark." Cecilia's pale blue eyes met the deep chestnut of his own, and she laughed too, recalling when he had saved her from certain death when she had fallen on the way to the owlery in her attempt to post a letter to Septimus. "Thank you, Mr. Halen. Tonight has been..." Cecilia smiled widely, euphoria coursing through her as he escorted her towards the Great Hall's door, past the Yule log, having burned much lower since their arrival. "...exquisite. I wouldn't have come if you hadn't have asked me." "No," replied Lindvald softly, as they reached the doors, "it is you whom I must thank. Appearances sometimes must be kept, despite how we feel." He leaned forward, his face close to hers. And then he took her face in his hands and pressed his lips to hers. The rush of feeling flowed through her like electricity, although the kiss lasted mere seconds. Lindvald looked down at her necklace – the red, ruby-like stone had begun to glow. Why, thought Cecilia, why? Just when I had managed to control my feelings for you, and be a duitiful wife, did you go and do something like that? Then, just as quickly, Lindvald stepped aside, as another wizard, who had followed them out of the hall trod closer. "Mrs. Lupin! It is good to see you. We know you are busy, and have little time available for the finer things the Institute has to offer. I trust that you enjoyed yourself?" The wizard glanced across to Lindvald, who smiled in acknowledgement. "We have never met formally," continued Wolfgang Broeck. "although you do attend some of our assemblies." Wolfgang Broeck, thought Cecilia. It was Christmas, after all. Logically, that was the reason that the headmaster of the school was talking to her. So why did she feel so uncomfortable? It was the the decorations on the walls: that would be it, thought Cecilia. The carvings on the wall, of people being standing on other people; ancient carvings adhering to the wall, a constant reminder to the students here what the school stood for: hierarchy, elitism...slavery. "It's good to see you too, Professor," replied Cecilia politely, the feeling of discomfort spreading all over her. And she was out here, at the entrance, the courtyard flanked by high, basalt walls on all four sides; Lindvald's broom the only means of exit. The only means... "You're looking at the carvings?" Wolfgang Broeck turned, giving them a cursory glance, before waving his hand in Lindvald's direction. Before Cecilia had a chance to look at his gesture the huge, wooden doors slammed shut. She turned quickly, wondering why Lindvald would have done that. But it wasn't Lindvald Halen. In fact, he was no longer where he had been. In his place, another wizard, his wand aloft. "Mrs Lupin, we meet at last. Let me introduce myself: I am the headmaster of the Durmstrang Institute – on leave, currently. My name is Gellert Grindelwald." Cecilia's eyes darted around desperately at the sound of the name, looking for the wizard who had brought her. Surely he could help, or if not, down the steps, back to the owlery, to the boat. She wouldn't be able to get out of the courtyard of the Great Hall without his help, either. She was trapped. There was no escape from here. "Oh, I am afraid your time with Mr Halen is at an end. I do hope you enjoyed your evening. You appeared to be, in any case." The wizard's hair blew in the winter's breeze; his eyes like hot coals in a fire, piercing her gaze as she looked at him defiantly and made to dash past. She felt two hands grip her forearms, bringing her to a stop. "No, you will not be slipping off to catch your boat, Mrs Lupin, or should I say, Mrs Frobisher," declared Grindelwald, as she struggled in his grasp. It was hopeless, yet there was fight in her still. She tried to swing her legs round and struggle out of his grasp. "Pacify!" called out Broeck, behind her and Cecilia felt her muscles go limp. From her neck Gellert Grindelwald seized the necklace Ragnhild had given to her, the clasp that Lindvald had mended a few hours before breaking again. "The second!" he declared, with what sounded like triumph in his voice. "Recovered again, at last! Albus, you are most careless!" "Hey!" shouted Cecilia, the only thing her mind could think of saying. That wasn't hers! "Mute!" Grindelwald waved a hand by her mouth and Cecilia felt it go floppy, like her limbs and muscles had when she had been "pacified". Past her shoulder, Grindelwald spoke to Broeck in a different language, perhaps Norwegian? Perhaps Danish? German...? "...and tell Albus," Grindelwald finished, this time in English, as Wolfgang Broeck nodded again, "he will be pleased to know he is right. He did bring the third." 88888888 In a tiny harbour at the bottom of a set of granite steps near the owlery of the Durmstrang Institute, a boat was ready to sail to England. Just after midnight, the instruction had been – the wizard from the British Ministry for Magic had been very specific. Not "a tad", after midnight, nor even "a jiffy." "Just after midnight..." And just after midnight, into Christmas Day, having picked up a discarded handbag from the steps of the Great Hall, containing notes and potions; having visited Cecilia Lupin's room and obtained the notebook he had seen her writing in,Lindvald Halen picked his way over the shingle foreshore, lay down, took in the vista of the stars and became its passenger.
"Your handover appears to have been a success." Four hours into Christmas Day and Severus Snape had finally managed to contact Caelius Lupin via Floo. "He arrived at Hedgewards shortly afterwards; it is a wonder he did agree: however did you manage it?" Caelius looked back at the green form of his former partner. It had been just over two years when they had vied with one another to be Aberforth's successor; when the Reciprocators were divided over both candidates and, eventually, it was agreed that they would share the role. That sharing had continued on to a second generation with James Potter now agreeing to take up Caelius's mantle as the sole Head of the Reciprocators with regards to the Ministry and, in doing so, Caelius's memories, via the transfer spell, were fading, and would, in time, be gone from his memory. "Persuasion," the Minister for magic replied, simply. They hadn't done quite yet, it was fair to say, although the transfer had happened only three hours before. He supposed that his resignation should have been delivered to the reciprocators at a whole in order for others to propose their interest in leadership. But "should" in such emergency situations, where law and order were at threat, was something which would be a pleasant state of affairs. He needed someone whom he could trust to fulfil the Ministry role. James had taken over, functionally, two months before and the reciprocators had agreed then. Coercion had been the key, and explanation, James was intelligent enough to know that few envied his position and even fewer would volunteer to stand against him. Besides, that would take too much time. Within the ministry itself there were far too many...incongruities that he must address: he had discussed this with Severus the day before and both wizards had agreed that Caelius's course of action was the only one. "Indeed," replied the Head of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. "And, have you had any success in your investigations?" "A few successes. To what outcomes they will lead, I do not know." Caelius sank wearily into his seat. "Although I am at the end of my time, I have to admit, Severus, I am exhausted. I must recoup some energy to go forward. There is a lead I must follow this morning, whose end may cause my timing this evening to be indeterminable. May I ask that we change roles? I had offered to collect Septimus at seven from Mr, and Mrs. Scott's house in Thundersley and you to meet Cecilia in Yorkshire, or wherever the blessed boat may land this time. Should you not be there, she will either wait, or walk, no doubt. I can send the homing spell to her and then locate her once I am finished. Septimus would be put out if I did not meet him at seven, so depserate he is to see his mother." "Indeed," replied Severus Snape. "That would indeed be sensible. Your lead connects to dear Tabitha, does it not?" Caelius shot him a look. "Yes...and no. To some extent. Her work is entirely removed from our own, as well as, paradoxically, entirely connected to it. She will no more realise our calibration an ant may the turning of the earth. I have to have some surety that what will proceed next will be as I believe, as this will relate to the events of tomorrow." "It's peace of mind you need." Severus's words were not a question. "I am only human, despite appearances," came Caelius's response. "It was difficult to yield leadership, I will admit that, but it will benefit our cause, in the long run. Could you..." Caelius trailed off before covering his obsidian-black tiled floor and crouching before the fireplace. "I mean, I have something for Septimus, and I would appreciate he had it today." "You will not be at the party?" "I...will," Caelius said, slowly, "but I wish him to have it at the time you collect him. My day is...somewhat uncertain and to know that my nephew will receive this today will be heartening." "I can do that for you, Caelius," replied Snape and, within seconds, a hand was reaching through the flames, waiting for the gift. "The actual gift resides at Hedgewards presently," Caelius mitigated, "and this - " he passed an envelope to Severus via the floo-nudge, "will explain. I will, indeed, see him this evening," he added. Snape's ethereal hand took the envelope, and within seconds his face reappeared. "And...our man?" "Yes, he will be arriving to take up his role for us shortly after Christmas." The conversation ended. While it didn't sit right with either of them for Caelius, as Minister, to oversee Hedgewards' appointments, for this one, he had insisted. "I just hope you're right, Caelius Lupin." "Between you and me, Severus," replied Caelius in a rare moment of honesty, "so do I. But what alternative do we have?" "None that I can see. I trust your judgment on this matter implicitly. " "My thanks, Severus." "Until later, Caelius. And, may I wish you a "Merry Christmas"." "Merry Christmas to you, Severus." The flame dimmed, and Caelius sank to the floor, lethargy overcoming him for a second. Was it now that this was to come into play, on Christmas Day? He knew that the event had to happen, as was how the subsequent events would stack up to the culmination of his plan. Had time really passed so quickly? But when that wizard would carry out what he planned for those who controlled him, Caelius did not know. He did know the location and once he had been below, to Gregor, he himself would be going there. To watch. To wait. Five minutes later and the Mysteriour Gregor was giving Caelius Lupin's plan the sort of consideration a motor mechanic might on lifting the bonnet of a car and assessing the damage. "It is unknown for one Mysteriour to involve themselves in the mysteries of another," he warned Caelius, looking at the Veil. "For one thing, bystander effect." "This is something...regrettably, that I must insist on," replied the Minister for Magic. "I must check something." From the end of his wand which he had withdrawn a long, thin curl of a memory exuded, circling in front of them like a very dynamic cloud. "And it is definitely false?" "Absolutely. However, should I fall through there is no way back. You have that...advantage." With a snort at the reference to his particular abilities, Gregor siezed his own wand and drew the memory, like a puppy on a lead, to where it would be deposited. It writhed and wriggled, as it it knew that it was about to be imprisoned. Caelius could monitor its life, so to speak, through his own. Its existence therein was short lived. For almost immediately after Gregor had leaned perilously over the edge of the Veil the memory shot out, like a bullet from under the arch, only to then circle around him, as if begging forgiveness. Caelius held his wand aloft and swept it in the memory's direction, causing it to be terminated. "Was that all you wanted, Minister?" asked Gregor, his already crinkled face crinkling further in anticipation of Caelius's answer, "only I've got a lot on with those jars over there, and with the Scotts you came to me with last week..." "Yes, Gregor," replied Caelius, his mind, currently, wondering whether Tabitha had experienced the effect of a false memory attempting to be forced into the Veil of Memories, its occupants, through some force of logic, ejecting it, presumably. Just as had happened with the false memory submitted as evidence against Sam Potter. "My thanks." "Any time, Minister, any time." 88888888 The screaming had lasted all day. From the time that Hermione and Harry had returned the books and parchments under the stairs, stacking anything that could be used as insulation around the journal, all night, and in the morning. What a way to start Christmas Day! Which was why they had left for Hermione's parents, whom they were visiting for most of the day, and Harry's parents that night and Boxing Day, so early in the morning. Mrs. Grainger was still in her dressing gown when they had shown up, dressed for the day with presents in tow, and had welcomed them, nonetheless. Once they had returned home, at six, the noise was still going and they had been told, by their irate neighbour whose house adjoined theirs, that a very strange noise had been heard by them through the wall opposite their under stairs cupboard and it had lasted all day. "We will deal with it, Mrs. Nugent," replied Harry, with as much assurance in his voice as he could muster. "Will we?" asked Hermione, doubtfully, slipping on a silvery-coloured dress and redoing her hair and makeup in their bedroom when Harry had come upstairs to explain. "We just need to go; I can't even bear to spend time getting dressed how I wanted to. " She turned to Harry, imploringly, who had decided to go to the Grimmauld Place party as he was. "We simply must do something about it. I've tried everything I know..." "Some sort of deep magic," replied Harry. "Power is not your difficulty, Hermione, but if a deep magical spell has been used, then I doubt anything will stop it." Just then, the door went again. "If that's Mrs. Nugent again, tell her we're sorry, and we have it in hand," called back Hermione, as she fixed a pair of diamond stud into her ears, "even if we haven't." It was Ron, dressed ready for the party and who Harry had invited with Freya, that morning via a late Christmas card sent by owl. At the screeching and wailing, gave Harry a look of doubt. "What is going on?" he asked. "In know in your Owler that you said you had a problem. I never imagined this." Harry took him over to the cupboard and withdrew the books and parchments." "The "Art of the Wize"? I never thought you'd end up with a copy of that in your house, Harry," said Ron, reprovingly. "It's not mine; do you remember all that stuff that arrived in the summer that I showed you?" Ron nodded slowly. "Well, this is it." "It wasn't shrieking, though," replied Ron. "I distinctly remember that." "That only began to happen last night," said Hermione, who had finished getting ready and had come to find out who was at the door, and why the screaming had got louder. "Evening, Ron," she said, to their guest. And to Harry, said, "for pity's sake, put them back in the cupboard! I'd burn them, but I've every confidence they'll come back." "Biblioregenesis," replied Ron, to everyone's astonishment, even his own. "I mean, I've seen that spell before: Dad told us about it. It's a spell put on books so they can't be destroyed." "Marvellous!" replied Hermione. "Absolutely marvellous!" "Where did you get them from, anyway?" asked Ron, leafing through them, watching the words appear in the pages following the blackened ones, then disappearing, as if being absorbed by the parchment. "Why does Severus Snape want you to keep safe a copy of "Art of the Wize?"" He glanced over at Hermione, uncertainly. "It's pretty strong stuff." "They turned up on the doorstep. And then Snape dropped round one night, about a month ago, and asked me to continue looking after them." Harry took them over to the settee and smothered them with some cushions. "He didn't, by any chance, say anything else?" asked Hermione, pulling on her jacket. "Like, how to stop them screaming the place down?" "Not that I remember. Anyway, Ron," Harry turned to his friend. "I thought you were going with Freya? You're still going out, aren't you?" Hermione smiled, politely. "Ye," replied Ron, combing through his hair with his fingers. "She said she'd meet me there. She's been to Grimmauld Place loads of times." "Yeah," replied Hermione. "She was a lot younger, though." "Only sixteen," replied Ron, "and anyway, Cecilia's going to be there, and they've put that behind them." Hermione nodded, but said nothing. "Sam's coming too?" asked Ron, changing the conversation. "And Crystallia?" "Crystallia's gone back to Iceland to visit her dad," replied Harry. "She's not having a good time at school, according to Sam, even thought she wears her watchstone on a chain now. She thought a break would help her feel better." Harry thought back to the moment, at the Witan, where Sam had been called to give evidence and Crystallia had come forward to vouch for his whereabouts at the time that the supposed event, given as memory-evidence, implying Sam had sworn to do "anything for the internship at the Ministry", by controversially revealing he was with her, and had given her the watchstone as a birthday present. "That's a bit dodgy," said Hermione, folding her arms. "Her mum went out on a limb to get her into Hedgewards; Caelius fixed it for her. She might never come back from Iceland if she goes." "Oh, don't be so dramatic," replied Harry, looking back at the pile of cushions, irritation rising proportional to the guilt he was feeling to agreeing to Severus Snape's request. He looked at the mantlepiece where several Christmas cards were precariously balanced, around Hermione's collection of awards, glad that they had some for so many people sent portable pensieve greetings, which just didn't feel the same. He remembered last year when they were together, before he had proposed, his mum imagining a wedding. Well. They would be getting a wedding next year. They were working so hard for that. It would all be worth it, wouldn't it? "Come on, or we'll be late," replied Hermione, slipping on a pair of silver court shoes. "At least you both freshened up," she said, looking at them both, as Harry and Ron exchanged glances. Some things never changed. Stepping towards the hallway, Harry stopped, and sniffed. Was that burning he could smell? Hermione had clearly smelt it too and had pushed between he and Ron, looking around the living room. Then her eyes alighted on the settee, the pile of "interesting and bright" cushions bought to liven up the ancient settee and smoke coiling up from between them. "That's just brilliant!" she declared, pulling the cushions off Cecilia Lupin's journals and papers. Immediately the wailing started again. "Just...do something, Harry." She glared at her fiance. "Didn't Snape say anything about "He did say that we would know the right time to contact him." Harry looked at Hermione sheepishly, her hands on her hips. "I think now would be the right time, don't you?" 88888888 Christmas Day for Septimus was at Mr and Mrs Scott's house. But not, however, in the Lake District. Julian's parents' siblings were also Mr. and Mrs. Scott and were married and lived in Essex. That was strange, thought Septimus, as he woke up early on that Christmas Day. Strange still to be waking up in a strange house and have Christmas Day with people other than his family. But, if it had to be, there was no other family he would like to be with. The day before had been excellent in London; the Natural History Museum was fabulous. Opal. Julian's sister was as much of a tomboy as anything and was like a little version of Julian, interested in everything and had a jolly little character about her. She had been tired on the way back to her aunt and uncle's house and had dozed off in the car, but had livened up at the prospect of "Father Christmas" and leaving out a mince pie and sherry for him and carrots for the reindeer. Barry and Maureen Scott were as lovely as Julian's parents too. They had no children of their own and had delighted in spoiling all three of them, and listened in wonder as Julian recounted his time at Hedgewards. They'd asked Septimus if he could show them some magic, but he had had to explain, reluctantly, that magic was not permitted outside school until they were seventeen, as they were just learning the spells and it was for safety as many of the spells could go wrong if they weren't done properly. Waking so early, he had looked at his "Friend Finder" which Rufus had given them so kindly two days before, at Hedgewards. These sort of things were indeed expensive, and Septimus had lay in bed staring at it, in the semi-darkness, as Julian slept, looking at the prongs between which four discs could be placed. Each of them had one, each Friend Finder had a disc of its own, in different positions around it. The prongs which supported the disc changed colour on each of the Friend Finders and Septimus had noticed that, apart from the one holding his own disc, the other three were a dark blue-black colour. As Rufus had not explained how the Friend Finders had worked Septimus supposed that he was awake, and the others asleep, and the colours denoted that. Septimus's hypothesis was further supported when the bottom prong, adjacent the position that Rufus's disc had been on his Friend Finder began to change colour, from the deep blue fading to turquoise: Rufus did usually rise early and he imagined his friend looking at his own Friend Finder and perhaps working out that Septimus was up too. As he seemed to be the first one up, Septimus crept downstairs and into the Scott's living room, to where the stockings they had hung were still, bulging with presents. Behind him a little voice had made him jump: Opal had crept down too and when Septimus had said, "Looks like Santa's been," she had replied, "well..." she dipped her head conspiratorially to Septimus, "I know it's just mum and dad, and aunty and uncle too, of course. But I have to remember to pretend, because they still believe in him." The day had been a lovely one. They didn't go to church. Unlike mum, who took Septimus to church on Christmas mornings, they had spent their time opening their gifts, chuckling and laughing at the presents. Julian had a new bike, which he wanted to ride on right away, and a football. He gave his parents the sweets from the sweetshop in Hogsmeade, which he had got Septimus to get for him when he had been ill, and before Septimus had been. It had been a little sad, however. Church at Christmas was mum's "thing" and not going underlined her absence. It wouldn't be for long, he told himself though, as Julian's Dad and Uncle Barry had been delighted with the "jelly babies" which were, of course "Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans" and mum and Aunty Maureen had got "Toffee Shocks" which we "re toffees which grew instead of shrinking in the mouth, then exploded once they completely filled their mouths, coating the inside with sticky sweetness. Opal had hold of the Christmas TV listings and was busily deciding what it was she wanted to watch – the Christmas film, Bolt, and "The Gruffalo". Not long after, when both Mrs Scotts were in the kitchen and beginning to prepare dinner, Julian asked whether they could go to play on the community sports field that was across the road and between the houses on the other estate. It had a pair of goal posts and some footpaths where there were bound to be some people walking new dogs that they had had that day. Once the adults had agreed that fresh air was a good idea for the children, and making sure that Julian had a watch and they all knew what time to be back, all three of them were haring towards the common, trees and hedges, football area and paths ahead of them. "Look," said Julian, as they got to the common and had climbed one of the large oak trees that lined the football pitch. Septimus had climbed up after him and they were both sitting on wide branches high up which, had it been summer, would have camouflaged them both. From here they could see Opal had, who decided to play pooh-sticks on her own from the bridge over the brook and he had brought his friend finder out of his jumper. "They're both up: Rufus and Darren." Septimus pulled his out too and his too had matching turquoise-coloured stems. "I wonder what they'll be doing now? I'm really going to miss them this holiday." "I'll tell you about them, when I get there tonight," Septimus told him. "They'll tell me what presents they've had – I can tell you when I'm back at Uncle Kay's cottage with mum." That last phrase had made Septimus smile inwardly: he would also be seeing mum and going back with her. He could ask her so many questions: about his dad; about them going to see Dad, about his lycanthropy...Septimus was disturbed by his imaginings when Julian pointed to his Friend Finder and then looked at Septimus's, "Wow – purple!" exclaimed Julian. "I wonder what that means?" "Dunno," said Septimus, unhelpfully. "Maybe they're in trouble?" "Both at the same time? Together?" Julian shook his head. "Maybe they're floo'ing each other." Septimus looked at his friend, then jumped down a couple of branches. Portable floos were illegal under the Ministry's "Prevention of Underage Wizardry" and so, just in front of him, like a person calling someone by phone who was sitting in the same room, he arced his wand and created a green, transparent area, in which Septimus then proceeded to put his head into, waiting for a response. A second passed, then another, before he saw in the green Julian's head. He looked down at his "Friend Finder". Like the other two arms, which represented Darren and Rufus, those relating to him and Julian also changed to purple. "Wicked!" he heard Julian shout, both through the portable floo and, with a slight delay, from above. "I love it! Darren really came up with a decent present." Julian's head disappeared from the floo and appeared next to Septimus's shoulder. "Hey, we should see if we can contact them." After half an hour of flooing both Darren and Rufus, who had indeed floo'd one another, Opal, who had been playing Pooh-sticks by herself came over to the foot of the tree. "Jules! I'm hungry," she complained to her brother. "Can we go home now?" So Septimus and Julian said goodbye to their friends and took her back to her aunt and uncle's house with them to enjoy some Christmas Day food. What a feast it was, rivalling even the best that Hedgewards could offer. Turkey with bacon-wrapped sausages; a variety of pickles and condiments. At least fourteen different kinds of vegetables which, as they were passed round, Septimus decided to try to remember them all to tell Rufus: he had no idea there were so many! There were even three types of potato: boiled, mashed and roast. Both Mr. Scotts put on a show of firing the Christmas pudding: Julian's uncle brought it through into the dining room, shortly followed by Julian's dad, carrying a bottle of Pusser's rum as if it were a new-born. On drowning the pudding in the spirit, Uncle Barry then brought forth matches and ignited the pudding, sending blue flames six inches above the pudding, which kept alight for a good minute until it had burned off. Not a fan of Christmas pudding, Septimus nevertheless partook in a small section and was rewarded by biting down on something hard and silvery after the second bite. "Aunty makes the pudding herself," hissed Julian, extracting a similar piece of what turned out to be aluminium foil from his own mouth. "She puts in money – not sixpences, like in the old days – but real money." Septimus spat his foil-covered coin into his hand and proceeded to unwrap a pound coin, like Julian did. Several other members of the family were also lucky ones, including Opal, who had spurned the pudding in favour of strawberry jelly and ice-cream and had found that her aunt had hidden a foiled coin inside her ice-cream. Timing had been perfect and, as both Mrs Scotts cleared the table, Julian's dad called everyone into the living room for the queen's speech. Septimus often watched it with mum – he remembered that mum liked to guess what colour the queen was wearing – on this occasion lilac – and for once, in the silence of the moment, heard what Her Majesty was talking about: that Jesus himself was a refugee and was taken in in Egypt before being able to return to Nazareth with his parents 12 years later, and that he had been protected in the land to which they had fled. He thought of mum, who had sailed on a ship from Durmstrang seeking well, if not exactly refuge, then help and told himself he should remember the queen to mum, for she would surely be watching from wherever she was that afternoon. Following the Christmas film – "The Incredibles" - during which the Scotts passed around posh Thornton's chocolates, Julian and Septimus went upstairs to help Septimus pack as Opal watched "The Gruffalo" - a bit childish for them when they could be playing "Top Trumps" and talking about quidditch and quibball, particularly the Boxing Day game. He was looking forward to seeing mum, Septimus knew, but he also knew he would miss Julian. Despite their promises to meet up later in the holidays he knew that he would be sad to leave the Scotts after two days of fun and excitement. "What about what I told you?" asked Julian, when the last of his belongings had been put away into Septimus's trunk, including his new art pencils. "Septimus, don't you mind that I said?" Septimus paused mid-closing of his trunk. Did he mind? It was certainly something to think about, and ask someone about, in all seriousness. But that his friend had been the one to tell him what he had heard – that was quite good really. "What about your dad?" prompted Julian, a look of uncharacteristic worry on his face. Septimus smiled. "Someone, mum, Caelius, will take me there. To St. Mungo's." There was a pause as Septimus broke off awkwardly. "Anyway, could you do something for me, as Darren and Rufus will be at the party you're going to tonight?" Septimus looked in his friend's direction, and then down at the two, brightly-wrapped parcels in his hands. "I've got their presents here. Can you give them to them?" "Er...yeah, sure," agreed Septimus, opening his trunk again and slotting them in where he could. "What did you get them?" "That one," pointed Julian, "a radio. For Rufus. If he doesn't like non-wizard music he can look at the different wavelengths. For Darren, a football, signed by Tottenham Hotspur – Peter Crouch, Ledley King, Southgate. I know it doesn't look like a ball," Julian added, "it's in a box." "That sound's great, Rocky," nodded Septimus, "some'll be playing for quibball tomorrow, too. I know King is." "So...began Julian, but before he could get any further, he heard the doorbell ring then, moments afterwards the door latch being removed and a few muffled voices. "That'll be Uncle Kay," said Septimus, picking up the presents and trying to move his trunk. "I'll be going just now." "Right, mate," nodded Julian, and then they gave a friendly hug to one another, indicating their mutual happiness at spending the beginning of the holiday together and their sadness at parting even if, "...we'll see each other near Ullswater," Julian concluded. A few bumps down the stairs with the case and Julian, who was the potential destroyer of the stair carpet had managed to heave his friend's case next to his mother and say something witty to Septimus's Uncle Kay. But it was not Uncle Kay who was standing, looking a little out of place, but no less imposing, on the Scott's hall rug. "Professor! Snape!" Puffed Julian, his face going crimson at the words which were retreating from his mouth and cowering for all they were worth in the side recesses of his brain. "How good to see you, Sir." "Indeed," nodded Snape, a smile playing at his lips. "Glad to see you home, Mr. Scott. Is Septimus ready to leave?" "Yes, I am, sir," came Septimus's voice from behind his friend. "But...Uncle Kay?" "I was just explaining to Julian's mother." Snape stared at him, unblinking. "Caelius chose to meet your mother when she lands in Britain. I, on the other hand, then became free to take you to Grimmauld Place." "Oh. Right," nodded Septimus, at a loss for what to say, or at least something intelligent to say. He looked between Julian's mum and his friend. "Right, I'll be going then." He waited for Julian to put down his case and he hugged him, patting him firmly on the back before turning to Mrs Scott. "Thank you," he said to Mrs. Scott. "It was great being here. Can you thank your sister and brother-in-law? I've really had a lovely time." "The pleasure was ours," murmured Mrs. Scott, embracing him motherly, and rubbing his hair. "Please feel free to pop over when we're home. Or we could come to your uncle's house..." Septimus and Julian exchanged looks: everything was ancient in Caelius's cottage, and there was nothing to keep them amused, unlike Julian's house. "We can invite them to ours, can't we?" asked Julian, as Severus Snape shouldered Septimus's trunk and stalked off outside. "Mrs Lupin would love to meet you, mum." "Indeed," nodded Mrs Scott, ushering Septimus outside. "Well, take care, dear." She looked about for a car or some other such vehicular transport. It took Snape to bring his Broadclad down from first-floor building height for Septiumus to realise just how they were getting to Grimmauld Place. He glanced across to Mrs Scott, and Julian, who were both agog at the sight. "Don't tell me you ride on those things," Mrs Scott said to Julian, her tone a mixture of warning and wonder. "Not by myself," nodded Julian, looking at the heavyweight broom and keeping his eyes there. "Only with help." "I've taken the liberty of performing a shrinking spell on your trunk, for ease of transportation," explained Snape. "These are coming with us too?" In the semi-darkness, their headmaster's face illuminated by the outside light, turned to the gifts in Septimus's hands. With a wordless spell, followed by a bright flash of light, which made Mrs Scott jump, "Thank you for looking after him," intoned Snape, politely, as he swung his leg over the handle. "See you soon!" called Septimus, as he did the same, just in front of Snape. And then, within seconds, like the gust of a strong wind – Beaufort 8, Julian reckoned – they were up, into the clouds, and gone. 88888888 It had been worth the Mullen twins helping Sirius make 12, Grimmauld Place festive, thought Tonks as she let go of Nick Smith's hand and, leaning nonchalantly against the kitchen wall, bathed in the chic, yet vintage ambience of the room. How good it was to see everyone relaxed and happy after the frantic, the fraught few weeks they had all been through. Candles adorned the room in chandelier holders around which holly and ivy were entwined. The Black's record player had been liberated from the library and records had been found, ones matching the season, jazz, mainly and also including Bing Crosby, whose soothing voice emanated around the room, causing the guests to feel relaxed...happy...two adjectives which Tonks never could have imagined herself using even a few days ago. In one corner the tree which Sirius had promised he didn't want was decorated tastefully in red-and-green bows, little silver bells, which were tinkling softly in time to Bing's mellow voice, wooden ornaments of a Northern snow theme – Father Christmas ski-ing, a nutcracker doll, wooden children in hats on sledges. Red-and-white candy canes (which seemed to be having a tree-climbing competition with one another). On a table near the window food, which had seen Lily Potter and Molly Weasley had spent most of the afternoon making was appearing when needed. For, there were more people arriving every few minutes, Tonks observed, to join the happy atmosphere. At the same time as Nick was procuring a butterbeer for himself and Tonks, and a pumpkin juice for Freya, a crackle in the stocking-bedecked fireplace announced the arrival of Regulus Black, Petunia and Darren, the latter who was grinning from ear-to-ear, Tonks noticed. It was good to see her cousin, Sirius's elder brother, who seldom came to Reciprocator events. But, of course, Petunia had joined the NWRs and was even now embracing Ann Blewitt, who had, up until then, had been looking a little uneasy and had lingered near the adjoining hall door. Little wonder, Tonks thought grimly, given the events of Halloween and the trial. Nevertheless, the party had been opened to Reciprocators and Non-Wizarding Reciprocators, who had been, since mid-December, taking part in the watch duties, Ann Blewitt in particular. Darren, she noticed, as she kissed Nick on the cheek, had broken away from his parents, having spotted Rufus Lestrange, sitting cross-legged as he was, near the door, portable pensieve in hand. The boy took a minute to be encouraged back to the here-and-now as Darren got his attention, and it was mere seconds until Rufus handed an extendable ear to his friend, which acted as an earpiece to listen to whatever was on the PP. "It's good to be here," Nick echoed, linking arms with his wife. "I so rarely get to see your side of the family these days." He smiled over towards Freya, who was now chatting to Sirius… Sirius, whose improvement meant he had graduated from a bed in the living room to a chair; walked unsteadily and, conflicting with the vanity of Mr. Black senior, he was now a spectacle-wearer. "Nick! Nick Smith!" exclaimed Arthur Weasley as he passed them on the way to the kitchen. "We haven't seen you in a long time! How is the decommissioning going? Is Sellafield really green and glowy, then?" Nick quickly broke off from Tonks's arm with a brief smile in her direction. Tonks returned the smile and patted his hand: the last time Nick had been here had been at the time Freya had embarrassed Cecilia by reading from the woman's diary, sharing her embarrassing, private thoughts committed to paper to the Reciprocators. Private, Tonks had explained at length to her foster-daughter. And yet she could understand how the girl felt: an orphan at seven, adopted in haste by Cecilia and Remus. She felt ignored by Mrs Lupin's apparent abandonment of her to work at Hedgewards and she was going through a particularly trying set of teenage years. Yes, it was true Tonks did not approve of the age difference between her and Ron Weasley. But it could be much, much worse. She took some steps towards Freya, who was laughing heartily at something that Sirius had said to her. Sirius looked at his cousin, pushing up his spectacles quickly as she sat down next to Freya. "So, when will she be here, then?" asked Freya, smiling at Tonks before taking a sip of her pumpkin juice. "Later," Tonks added, looking briefly at her cousin. "Severus is bringing her." She watched her foster-daughter's face fall slightly. "It'll be OK," she whispered, leaning towards the girl. "Those things are in the past." Freya fell silent, biting her bottom lip, before standing up and walking across the carpet. "Ron," concluded Tonks, without turning round. Sirius nodded. "I am glad she's settled at last. Being nineteen suits her." Sirius nodded, then looked at his cousin. "You look lovely, as ever, cousin darling," he said, smiling at Tonks. "Jeans and a quidditch T-shirt?" asked Tonks, doubtfully. "I wasn't sure what sort of party this was going to be." "Your hair's silver," Sirius argued. "At least some of you is festive." "To be honest, Sirius, I'm worn out. So much to do on Auror shifts. I just feel glad that everyone who's come is happy to be here. Caelius can make the traditional announcement and all can be right in the world. At least we can let our hair down." "Everyone who's come," echoed Sirius, glancing away uncomfortably. Tonks dipped her head to try to look at his face, newly-glazed. "Remus isn't here," he whispered, closing his eyes then looking away. Tonks leaned over and folded her hand over his, saying nothing. Then, she caught the mid-part of a sentence which infiltrated her counscousness instead... "...Ann...Ann Blewitt." Tonks, still holding onto Sirius's cool hand turned to look who it was she was speaking to and she saw the NWR smiling at Freya, "- I knew your parents, dear," she continued, her face, always kind-looking, turning concernedly towards her. "I am so very sorry that they gave their lives so early on to the cause..." "...training to be a nurse," replied Freya, looking earnestly at the woman, who had clearly asked her what she did for a living. ",Wizarding isn't for me." So says the girl who broke into Hedgewards, thought Tonks to herself. At least they had come so far from those bad days that she, Tonks, could, if not joke, then think wryly about the situation... "...and Nymphadora and Nick?" Petunia was asking. "Well. Grateful every day they gave me a home. But...Mrs Black...I am so pleased to speak to you, I am so sorry for what I did to Cecilia." The girl was biting her lip, her dark brown hair falling over her face a little as she hung her head and glanced away from Petunia Black. "I could say I was influenced, but..." she looked back up and concluded, with earnest honesty, "I was angry with her too...for no real reason, in the end..." "I believe you, Freya," Tonks heard Petunia say, kindly. "You are not the only person to have made a mistake in your life. It's Christmas, after all. Are you prepared to tell her so?" Sitting on the opposite sofa as Tonks and Sirius, Petunia Black was talking to Freya and she watched as her eyes filled with tears. "Oh, yes yes," she nodded. Petunia caught her shoulders in her arm lightly, which seemed to have the effect of lifting the girl's mood: Freya was smiling, beaming now, as if reassured immediately by Mrs Black's empathic abilities. "I've told Freya that Cecilia will be here tonight," Tonks said, breaking across the conversation, having got to her feet and coming over. Petunia had a way of extracting information from a person before they even knew what they were doing, unconsciously and without intent. Not malicious - never malicious – but unnerving nonetheless. . "It will be so good to see her, Nymphadora, after all this time," Petunia declared, smiling at Tonks. If she saw the witch cringe at the use of her first name, she didn't acknowledge it. "She has progressed so far; I do think it will be most unjust for her to be forced back again - " " - whatever can she gain from the school wouldn't be worth her time," interjected Ann Blewitt, sagely. Tonks felt her mouth open in astonishment. "I was briefed," Mrs Blewitt justified, then leaned across Freya to whisper loudly to Tonks, "when I became a NWR." "Are you...enjoying your role?" asked Tonks, the amazement at the wife of an accused Conjurist declaring information that she – Tonks – thought only Reciprocators were privy to. "Indeed." The woman shook her dark-brown head of hair as she smiled warmly. "I feel – I see how much good my actions are doing for this country when I am called out on shift and I can...put someone right...lead them along a different path." Just as Tonks was about to say something Ron, to whom Freya had approached just now, appeared, two glasses of pumpkin juice in his hands. He passed one to Freya who smiled weakly – it was clear she just wanted to be away from Mrs Black and Mrs Blewitt despite being relieved of a good deal of her burden of guilt for her own past. Magic, of a sort. "It's true; she has changed," continued Petunia Black, leaning back into the plush of the sofa as the fluted stem passed by her face. There, though, she broke off, her expression one of mystery. "Harry, dear!" she exclaimed, getting to her feet and embracing her nephew. "How good to see you!" Under Petunua's arm Freya slipped, and across the carpet with Ron, balancing her glass expertly between thumb and forefinger. "It's good to see your friend and Freya so happy with one another," Petunia added, looking across to the corner of the room, where she and Ron were standing, deep in enraptured conversation. "Although he is a little bit odd for her," his aunt qualified. Harry nodded quickly, before looking up to Tonks. "Have you seen Severus Snape?" he asked of Tonks quickly, his face one of nervous energy. "We do need to speak to him. Now. Tonight," chipped in Hermione, her beautiful dress sparkling in the candle-light. From behind her, Nick gave Tonks a cuddle, making her hair blush. "It's a great party," he declared to his wife then, seeing Harry and Hermione added, "Merry Christmas to you both: last one as single people." "Yes," agreed Harry, hurriedly, then reiterated, "We need to find Severus Snape." It was then that behind him the door opened, the aforementioned wizard standing in the doorway with Septimus, fresh from their broom-ride across London. "Sep!" exclaimed Darren, jumping up from beside Rufus, who again took a second or two longer to realise that he was here. When he did, he too crowded by his friend. "He's behind you," said Nick, his eyes shining in jocularity. "Now ask me a harder one." Tonks tapped him on the arm, smiling, but indicating his joke wasn't appropriate now. Nick smiled back at his wife – even a dozen years of marriage hadn't dampened their outer display of feelings – and she kissed him on the cheek. As the boys pushed between Hermione and Harry Snape strode towards the door of the kitchen, greeting James Potter as he did so. Tonks took in Harry and Hermione's look between one another as they both followed him. As determined as Hermione and Harry were to speak to Severus Snape, equally Rufus and Darren were to see Septimus. "'C'mon!" Septimus said as his friends bounded over to him and, within seconds they were out of the door and upstairs, into the bedroom Snape had just told Septimus was his. Rufus and Darren, took case upstairs, gave gifts, Ace! And this is from me, Ruf." Darren gave their friend an exact copy of that which Septimus was just about to give him – money towards his PP." "Thank you", Rufus said, nodding towards the money-vouchers, before putting them in his pocket matter-of-factly. "What will happen after tonight? What plans do you have?" "I'll tell you in a minute – but Ruf knows," Darren declared, his smile now stretching from ear to ear. Septimus was about to press him, but decided against it. Darren would tell them in his own time. He changed the subject, sitting down on the cream candlewick bedspread. "Mum's coming. We are going to Caelius's cottage and will be spending the rest of the holiday there." Septimus's smile was not as broad as that of his friend. He would be happier when Mum actually got there, and he had been training himself not to get too excited. Not til she was here. Count no chickens. Before him, Darren and Rufus had crossed the wooden floor, their shoes squeaking on the oak floorboards. Once they had say down on the bed, Darren bouncing on it for good measure, Septimus asked, "Did you have a good Christmas?" asked Septimus. "I had such fun with Julian," he added, then proceeded to tell them about his Christmas Eve and Day. Darren was just itching to tell of his Christmas, at how pleased he had been to see his brother again, and the one his mother and father had got for them all. "Only one?" said Rufus, quizzically. "Yes," nodded Darren, bouncing just a little on the bed in excitement. "You know tomorrow the quibball match is going to be on?" Both of his friends nodded. "Tickets. For all of us! We're going to Wembley!" "Wow!" exclaimed Septimus. But when Rufus said nothing, his friends waited. "Yes, I did know," declared Rufus, thoughtfully, as he adjusted a setting idly on his PP, "mum arranged it, I think." "Yes!" agreed Darren, loudly. "Mum got me - " " - the Boxing Day Quidditch tickets," finished Rufus, automatically, looking up at his friend. A dark shadow flitted momentarily over Darren's face before he burst into a beaming smile and nodding towards Rufus. "Yes!" he confirmed, enthusiastically. "Wow!" declared Septimus, lighting up too, "I mean...wow!" He looked across to Rufus. "How did you know, Ruf?" "His mum and my mum had been talking," interjected Darren, wresting the dialogue back so as to continue with his own story. "I just...can't believe it still, to be honest! When that match is on tomorrow...and Dudley...he's so excited." He looked at Rufus, who was waiting patiently, his hands tapping on the floor rhythmically as Darren spoke. Both Darren and Septimus looked at him, waiting for some phrase that Rufus was clearly formulating in his head, which would illuminate the conversation, to come out. "Mum told me when I knew we had tickets," Rufus said, finally, smiling at Darren. "You mean, you're going too?" "Mum has to," conceded Rufus, "as she's the Minister for Sport. Dad too. I have been invited, but..." he looked away for a second. "You've got to go, Ruf, it'll be great," encouraged Septimus. "I'll be there...we can sit by one another," Darren cajoled, who then turned to Septimus and added, "we are in the Ministry seating!" "I'm sure your mum will let you bring your PP," said Septimus. Rufus looked between them for a second, then nodded. "Wow!" said Darren, again, "we're going to be on TV, as well as the radio, but I can't see why a brand new sport would be broadcast in the radio – people won't know what's going on." Septimus reached out and handed Rufus and Darren a parcel each from Julian. "He was a bit upset I think that I was going," Septimus said eventually, when both friends had torn off their wrappings. "Well, more than a bit. I think he's going to miss us all in this holiday." Septimus's mind flashed to their conversation as he felt his skin prickle. He was glad that his friend had told him what he had heard Professor Snape had said to Madam Pomfrey; at least he could ask mum. And Severus Snape had been considerate enough to have asked him if he needed more lycanthropate – if the last time was anything to go by, this month would be over soon. As soon as the moon began to wane gibbously: that was what Professor Snape had said. "Cool!" Rufus's eyes lit up at the sight of a non-wizard radio. "Look – it does Medium-Wave...Long-Wave...I can't wait to try this back at school with the jasmines...his voice tailed off as he investigated every aspect of his electrical device. "I can even synchronise it with my PP, and, with a control plant, I'll be able to..." he tailed off again, as if his monologue was continuing silently, now within his own mind. "Wicked!", declared Darren, as he removed the autographed football, the names contrasting easily in the candle-light. "I mean, I'll have tell Julian that I think it's awesome. Will you tell him, Sep?" he added, still examining the surface of the football, and the names of the players. "And this radio will be great – tell Rocky thanks?" chimed in Rufus, continuing to give the radio a delighted examination. "Just think of the possibilities…" Septimus and Darren looked at one another again and grinned. They knew what Rufus was like by now. "Well, he seems happy," Septimus replied, holding up his Friend Finder, one of four which Rufus had got for them. "His part is green – he's relaxed...probably in bed, knowing Jules," Septimus added, knowing of his friend's habit of rising very early, and then getting to bed early too. His mind flashed to his friend, as Rufus and Darren pulled out their Friend Finders from their clothes, examining them, thinking for a second of the conversation which they had had the night before, and then of Dad, still ill, and then mum, last of all, at which a lightness in his chest began to spread outwards, that unmistakeable feeling of happiness. A roar of excitement erupted from downstairs. The boys looked at one another, Darren getting to his feet from Septimus' bed. "C'mon," he said, "it sounds like Fred and George Weasley have arrived. With the entire stock of Wheezes from their shop, by the sounds of it!" They had indeed, or close to it. As some of the Reciprocators had been in the centre of the floor, bopping to a wizard Christmas song, one which has been a hit forty years ago and was now a cheesy classic, the twins had apparated and were now entertaining the guests. As the three friends appeared in the doorway an indoor firework in the shape of a dragon was circling, a classic wizard trick, and they were applauded wildly when the dragon exploded into hundreds of tiny sparks which twinkled around the room. Noticing her son at the doorway enjoying the entertainment, Petunia Black took a few steps towards them, just as her sister was in her wake, just missing Lily's serious, grave expression. "Petunia!" declared Lily again, and this time Darren's mum turned back. Though he could not discern exactly what the conversation entailed Septimus, who had noticed Darren's mum turn, caught a few words, first Lily asking, "...Petunia, can't we try to get on...?" followed shortly by, "...can we put it aside, for the future...?" "...perhaps," Petunia had replied frostily, but has smiled shortly afterwards when Sirius stood next to them both, smiling between both witches. Whatever was said next, Septimus couldn't tell, but he felt his arm being pulled. Darren was pulling them over to Grimmauld Place's coffee table, which had now been turned into a table to play - " " - Dioploy!" declared Rufus, his radio still in hand. "I like Diopoly!" he added, pulling both of his friends a little so they could see for themselves the game in hand. Around the table, coffee-table height and a little wider chairs had been dragged from different corners of the room: Sirius sat on one, peering intently through his spectacles at the board. Nexr to him, perched on the arm of the chair was Freya. Next to her were the Weasley twins, one of them counting out the galleon coins with which to play. Sam Potter sat next to them, sorting through the pieces to find the ones he wanted (the game was played like "Monopoly" but a second rind of properties matched those on the outer edge of the board, representing non-wizard properties on the usual Monopoly board, the others wizarding locations such as "Hedgewards", "Diagonalley", "Durmstrang", "Rosstrappe", Stonehenge", and so on. The boys pulled up a chair each, smiling around as the game pieces began to get organised. From out of the kitchen door Ron appeared, breaking off from Harry and Hermione's meeting with Snape and, spying his girlfriend, pulled a chair between her and the twin who turned out to be George. Septimus had sat next to Sam, who was watching the party guests as well as the game setup, nodded briefly to him and Septimus wondered whether he still felt the guilt he had done over Septimus's lightningshot at the Halloween games – his initial expression towards Septimus seemed to indicate some lingering memory of it, though his complexion brightening, pulling out of his former reticence as the sound of Septimus's voice. "How is Crystallia?" asked Septimus boldly, as he chose a unicorn and a rabbit as his pieces for the game. "Better," Sam replied, placing his hippogriff and top hat on the "GO" space next to the small, but growing, collection of playing pieces. The board jolted a little as Freya got up, slipping out of the back of the group and heading quickly through the kitchen door. "She'll be with her family in Iceland by now - " Septimus watched as Sam's face fell at his separation from his girlfriend, " - she had a particular magic which is helped when she is at home. I am sorry abut your dad," he continued, changing the subject and, smiling kindly at Septimus, passed the dice. "I'm so sorry that he is still so ill." "At least I'll have my mum. Uncle Kay is bringing her here tonight. And we'll visit. And she has worked on a cure for dad – I spoke to her with Professor Snape. He said that together they had made a lot of progress. She's bringing it with her tonight to give him." Septimus felt happiness glowing in his heart – if this was what Christmas was supposed to be about, happiness being brought about by the birth of Christ then no amount of party food and games and presents from his friends would beat knowing that there was a real chance for his dad. Septimus threw the dice that Sam had passed him and threw a double-three. "Gringotts Bank pays me 100 sickles," Septimus read, and immediately his little pile of Diopoly wizard's money grew as one hundred sickle pieces flew over from the game's bank tray. "Wow," he added, at his game money. "At least you were cured pretty quickly," said Percy Weasley to Sirius, who had joined them, sitting himself between his twin brothers. "At least Snape had some lead, with lycanthropy. But, it still took a while for you." "Then," growled back Sirius, "it would have been all the better if the Ministry could have taken a zero-tolerance line on embracing half-breeds in Britain, rather than an open-door policy!" He stared pointedly at Percy, who had indeed voted for the latter. "I've got Knockturn Alley!" declared Fred Weasley, as if to drown out a potential argument between the two by narrating the game very loudly. "And I've also got Shimbleshanks, so that means I can buy a house." He selected a green, plastic house from the tray, the money for which was automatically flown from his pile to the bank. "I'll put it on - " A door banged loudly, as Fred announced, " - Knockturn Alley", at which his brother declared that, even though he had a house it was on the cheapest set of property on the board, but Septimus had turned his head at the noise, looking around for Uncle Kay and mum. A few other heads turned, including Darren Black, and also Harry and Hermione. Harry got to his feet when he saw Severus, Hermione having nudged him, and she followed him as Harry walked purposefully to the latest arrival. "Not Caelius," whispered Sam as he took in Septimuss forlorn face. "He won't be long." "And then it won't be long until we have the speech from the Head of the Reciprocators," added Sirius. "I just wonder what Caelius will have to say!" "Speech?" It was Rufus who asked the question. All of the diopoly players paused as Sirius explained: "Ever since Joseph Black began the reciprocators we have had a Christmas party on Christmas Day. Up until two years ago, that is, when Aberforth passed on to the spirit world. But, Caelius promised this time – " "Yeah," chipped in Ron, as his friends stepped through into the hall with Snape, "Snape passed it all over to Caelius now – so there's no excuse that neither of them had checked that the other had prepared a speech!" Tonks, who had now come over to the ever-growing diopoly players gave him a stern look. "I don't think it's like that, Ron," she corrected. "I mean, if you look at what we've all been through in the last two years..." "All I'm saying is, traditons should be upheld." He grinned as his brothers gave Sam Potter the dice. "Traditions like, giving your girlfriend so much to drink she throws up?" Ginny Weasley, who had followed Tonks over to the game folded her arms across her burgundy strapless dress and frowned at her brother. "I thought you were looking after her!" Tonks looked at Ginny in alarm, before padding across the wooden floorboards purposefully and pushing on the kitchen door. "Not me!" protested Ron, getting up too, making to follow Tonks. "I gave her pumpkin juice, that's all." "Well, it wasn't pumpkin juice which is making her sick all in the sink right now." As her brother pushed past his little sister, Ginny added, "but perhaps it wasn't Ron giving her drinks all night, was it? " She fixed a stare on Sirius then adding, "and inappropriate conversation!", before following him into the kitchen, who slipped back into his chair a little as Fred Weasley handed a triumphant Darren a galleon for landing on free broom parking while George bought "The Three Broomsticks", one of two from the cheaper end of the Diopoly board and was busy trying to barter for the other, "The Hogshead" from Sam. "He works at British Floo, with Dudley," whispered Darren to Septimus and Rufus. "I didn't know his girlfriend was Freya though – I thought she was still Dudley's girlfriend." Dudley, who was having a conversation with Arthur Weasley, his head close to the green flames in the fireplace, was in full flow and Septimus noticed his and Darren's mum had come over to get his attention. Dudley nearly hit his head on the brick chimney breast in shock. "You too, Darren," she called, walking over to her younger son. To Sirius, who was sitting back now watching the diopoly game, rather than participating in it, she smiled and thanked him for inviting them, commenting that Regulus rarely has time to see him, and he was pleased to have come tonight. "You'll be missing the speech," replied Sirius, resignation in his voice, glancing at the kitchen door. "But I am always glad to see you and my brother, Petunia, you know that." Petunia bent towards her brother-in-law and, speaking softly, said, "us too. Make sure you have whatever Severus Snape gives you for your illness. I have every faith you can reconcile your mind to this and find peace within yourself, Sirius." Then, she stood back up, rounding Sirius's old, green leather chair, making for her younger son. "I'm taking Ann back too, as well as Dudley and Darren," she continued, smiling at a reluctant Darren, "we have an early start in the morning so we can get to Wembley and the Quibball match." "Gotta go," said Darren, smiling wanly at his friends. "I'd like to stay, but we do have to go. Thank your mum again, Rufus." "Yes," replied Rufus Lestrange, simply. "Yes, thank your mum, Rufus," Petunia added, holding out a hand encouragingly to Darren. "I have a lot to get on with for tomorrow. Say goodbye to your mum for me, won't you Sam, dear? And give my love to Harry? I saw him here just now?" "We're going too," announced Bellatrix, Rodolphus next to her, beaming. "We'll see you tomorrow night. You are next to us: the boys can sit by one another." Darren grinned, looking across to Rufus, who was playing with his portable pensieve and nudged his friend, who hadn't been at all listening. Septimus laughed, feeling a little pang of sadness that both he and Rufus had to go now. "Is that Severus Snape I saw just now arriving? Re-arriving, that is?" asked Bellatrix. I must just find him before we leave, Rod; I need to ask him about the quibball arrangements for Hedgewards next term. "So much for a fast getaway," declared Rodolphus, sitting down in the place just vacated by Darren. "I may as well join you – there's no such thing as a "quick word" when Bella decides to talk about sport!" Out in the hall a conversation of a different kind was being had, between Severus Snape and the reluctant keepers of a set of books, papers and parchments which had been driven to them to distraction. Hermione had used her small clutch bag to contain it all and had handed it over to Snape, who she had told what would happen if he opened it. "My thanks," Snape replied, as Bellatrix opened the door on their conversation, and most of the party who cared to listen heard their conversation, "you did indeed bring these to me at the correct time. There seems to be a certain amount of difficulty for Caelius this evening which is why he is not yet here. That they have reacted in this way is most perturbing - " Septimus, who was one of those listening did not, however, have a chance to hear the end of the sentence for, as he noticed Bellatrix, a flash of green illuminated the room from the fireplace which Dudley and Arthur had just been inspecting. James Potter was next to it and he put his head into it to collect the message, kneeling quickly then, hurrying towards the kitchen, pushing it open with a bang, a quick jerk of his head in Severus's direction as he did so. "Lily?" he shouted, "Lily!" The door closed, quickly as another flash of green brought Caelius Lupin by floo to the party, apparating to Severus's right, in the hall, opposite Harry, Hermione and Bella Lestrange. Septimus got to his feet: Uncle Kay! He was here at last with mum! He stepped over Rufus's feet and his dad's legs to get to the hall, watching his uncle's face as the thoughts he had bottled up over the last few days flooded over him! A Christmas with mum! Being with her! Talking to her! Seeing Dad! "Where's James?" Caelius looked at Severus, expecting an answer, but when he didn't get one within a couple of seconds he added, "James need to help! He needs to organise!" "What does he need to organise?" asked Snape, as Caelius stepped into the room, Bing still crooning into the easy-going atmosphere, albeit one which had just been disturbed by a loud apparation. "The Reciprocators! There's been attacks! More than we could anticipate." Around them, the room began to fall silent, small pockets here and there as attention fell to Caelius. "What sort of attacks, Caelius?" Septimus, his eyes still on his uncle, drew them away and to the voice asking the question. Ann Blewitt, her face pale, has stepped from Petunia Black's side and was speaking to the Minister for Magic, who she had last seen not two months before, at the trial of her husband. "Attacks on non-wizards, and wizards too," Caelius added, over the unified intake of breath. "James will probably need the NWRs tonight," he added, looking at Petunia, who had, like the rest of the room, gone still, the will to get an early start for the quibball dissipating quickly. "Regulus," she turned to her husband. "Take Darren and Dudley home. I'll come when I've finished here, and Ann..." Her friend nodded almost immediately, taking a few steps back so that she was by Petunia again. Bellatrix declared the same of Rodolphus for Rufus, and the Lestranges too floo'd home. "We will do all you deem necessary," Petunia nodded, as Regulus floo'd with Darren and Dudley. "Not me" said Caelius. "I am - " But before Caelius could continue what he was saying, the door to the kitchen burst open, James Potter waking out very quickly, his head bowed, his wife behind him, screaming at him. "How could you?! How could you! How could you is what I want to know, James! After Sam…after everything, I mean?!" "We need to talk about this later, I need to speak to – " "James!" exclaimed Caelius. "- Caelius." He turned to the Minister for Magic adding, "What exactly do you need us to do?" "It is not I who can make these decisions now," Caelius replied, standing away from James as the Head of the Reciprocators (yet to be ratified) stood at the centre of them all, his wife's incandescent rage glowing behind him. "I have done what I think is necessary for the viable continuation of this organisation," Caelius began, addressing the Christmas party guests. "When we agreed powers we took this as validation for emergency situation. I have seceded Headship of the Reciprocators to James Potter. Anyone object to my formal resignation?" "I do!" shrieked Lily, glaring at her husband. "One," counted Sirius, looking round his living room. "One," he confirmed. "There is a majority, Caelius." Caelius Lupin took a step back, then stared at Severus Snape who, at once, disapparated. "NO!" screamed Lily Potter, "No!" She bore down on her husband, for whom there had not been sufficient will from the Reciprocators to deny him leadership. "Lily," said James, calmly. "Didn't you hear what I was trying to tell you?" He stabbed a finger towards the kitchen door. "I heard it!" Lily retorted. "But that does not mean I agree with it!" But before she could continue, Snape re-apparated in the living room. Caelius looked at him, desperately. "No," he replied, glancing at Septiumus. "Neither can I find her." "Everything?" "Everything I know, or is within my capability to do, Caelius," taking in his pained expression. "You need to try again, Severus – WE need to try again; if she is missing, it could be catastrophic for everything we have worked towards." "If WHO is missing?" asked Harry, still standing in the doorway between Grimmauld Place's living room and hallway, with Hermione. But before anyone could answer, Lily once again turned to her husband. "All of this means nothing! Nothing!" she raged. "Did anyone not think? You are outrageous!" She glared at Caelius, then Severus, before turning back to James. "I need you! Sam needs you!" Sam looked at his father now, then briefly at his mum, before looking across to his brother. Harry said nothing as their mother raged on. "Someone's missing! So what? HE is lying there: ill; no-one to help!" She put the tips of her fingers to her head, pushing them through her red-auburn locks then turned to Caelius, "Is it true, what he told me?" Lily stabbed a finger at James, her face red with ire. "What true?" "Don't give me that! You have handed not only the title but the responsibilities of the Reciprocators over to him?" "I took emergency measures, LIly. Tonight, people are dying. We must act quickly in order to prevent what is unfolding!" He looked at James, wordlessly urging him to say something, "There are always people dying! And we always have to deal with that! How is it any different from any other night?" "It isn't," Caelius admitted to a sullen Lily, and to the rest of the room. "It's what we do." And, just as Lily was about to say the words, Septimus realised something: Caelius was alone. "And you have brought her? Cecilia...Lupin?" Lily spat the words, with venom. "Yes, where is Cecilia?" asked Harry, feeling the weight of the burden in Hermione's blue velvet bag, now in Severus's possession, at the back of his mind. "Missing. We believe the enemy may have – " "Hold on," said Severus. "We need to rule out every avenue first, before we presume. Your contact at Durmstrang…?" "…says she is gone," replied Caelius, quickly. "She is no longer at the castle, and her boat has gone. I'll send aurors for now; I need you here, Snape, to agree with James the Reciprocators' position." "So…"Lily angry, "SHE is more important; schedules more important; Reciprocator shifts more important…" she wheeled round to her husband. "You say you are supporting Sam: how could you be if you've taken on this? How did you, anyway, without a vote?" "Emergency proxy vote, as I said. And what has just been confirmed. We voted for James to replace me in October," clarified Caelius. "I took that consent as binding for transfer wholly, under the circumstances." "You just don't care about him at all, do you? Your own brother!" She stabbed her finger in Caelius's direction. "You…you…you, Caelius Lupin: you don't! You come here, mind full of organising people onto shift; mind full of the Ministry! Not one of you cares if he lives or dies!" "That's is not true!" Sirius got up from his chair slowly, with difficulty, supporting himself on the arm of his chair, waving off help from Fred Weasley. "People do care about Reums, Lily: Septimus, for example." He looked across at the boy, who was still staring at his uncle. "Caelius does." He took in Lily's disbelieving expression. "I was there, Lily I went there, with Remus...terrifying,...terrifying, it was! Caelius does his job as Minister now, depriving himself of life, of rest, to keep all of this out of our lives." Sirius stepped forward towards James uneasily, his former strength not having returned and his balance betraying him a little. "I was there and was terrifying, I am still ill now. If our help stops this happening to anyone else, Lils, we simply must always continue. And besides, Severus is working on a potion with Constantin at Beauxbatons...and...there is a bigger picture here. There is a war that needs ending! You say Caelius doesn't care? He has - so – much – to do, and I for one apologise, that I doubted you." He fixed his eyes on the Minister for Magic. Caelius slowly nodded his head, in comprehension. Sirius turned his impromptu speech back to Lily. "…this…lycanthropy…it is debilitating. he works himself to death, Lily, to cope with all of this…when Remus and I saw the house we had to visit…when we were attacked – " he flinched a little as a sharp sob came from his left: Ann Blewitt had begun to cry, and was being comforted by Petunia, " – it showed me just what a threat was to this country. If we don't deal with this now, and in its entirety, then we will be overrun. The only fault I can charge Caelius with is conscientiousness…he has demonstrated he can delegate now…look!" he snapped, as the noise of the collected witches and wizards began to grow, and opened his gesture towards Caelius Lupin. "Indeed. Friends…Reciprocators…the time to discuss the finer points of this is not now. We are in a crisis situation. Now is the time we need you to pull together to succeed: tonight, conjurist attacks all over the country have yet again killed and harmed the citizens of this country," he looked across to Petunuia. "Regulus will return to them ministry?" Petunia nodded, "He will monitor communications for us." "And mum?" Septimus had found his voice at last, looking desperately at his uncle. "Yes, of course! And Cecilia?" It was Lily's voice that had imitated his. "What does that narcissistic, selfish drama queen want now? I would not put it past her to have gone missing deliberately for sympathy! She isn't here for her husband; no-one is…" her voice began to quaver, "looking towards the space on the floor by the others where Septimus had just been sitting. She withdrew her wand and pointed it to the ceiling. "And you!" She angled her wand towards her husband, "you've caused this!" "That's not fair, Lily," Petunia had stepped across the floor, past the Christmas tree, past Tonks, Nick and James, and was standing by her sister, her voice low. "Leave me alone. You come here with her? After Sirius...and Remus...does no-one care about him? All you care about is avoiding us, and living in your perfect world with your perfect family, your perfect life; your NWRs! Your perfect answers to everything! You had your man, Petuniua, oh yes! You were the closest you ever could be to being a proper witch, and when Vernon died, you, martyr, widow, got comforted, poor Petunia... and you had to do all of that by marrying him into wizardry – to give poor Dudley a dad..." She pushed past James, wand still raised until she got to the white-shocked face of Ann Blewitt. "And you brought her with you! How generous!" Glaring at her sister, she jabbed her wand towards the woman. "You accepted her! Her! With what her husband did! With what her son did!" "Steady now, Lily," James warned. But his wife seemed not to have heard him. "And now my Sam, Petunia, cannot get a job anywhere because of the mere suggestion that he has been mixed up with conjurism, on evidence that was discredited." She lowered her wand, and fixed her stare on Ann, "Is he out there? Your son? After what he did to Sam?" she pointed her finger from her wandless hand towards her second-eldest son. "Your Husband? A known conjurist? Where is he tonight? Do you even know?" "With the children, " Ann returned, her voice hollow, her eyes on the end of Lily's wand, tracking the threat."he'll be – " her face was ashen; all of the colour having drained from it, " - at home." "Your family is in no way involved in anything that is happening in the country tonight, Ann, nor is there any suspicion of them being so. They are innocent." "Innocent!" spat Lily, then looked at James. "And you! You can stop this right now! We're going home. We're not doing anything for these Reciprocators again! "Lily, calm down," urged Sirius. "Go home, James, it's probably a good idea. Then we can organise what we need." But what appeared to be conciliatory words from their host were met with fury as Lily dashed a half-empty glass of pumpkin juice to the floor, shards of glass splintering, some rebounding. "Accio glass!" declared Hermione, helpfully as those around the impact leaped out of the way, crying out in annoyance. Lily followed the wake of the spell back to Hermione and was about to take a step towards her when instead she targeted her next volley of rage to the wizard next to her. "And you..." she concluded to Caelius, "I am astonished at you! Allowing her here, as well as admitting the halfbreeds - that Remus, James and Sirius fought...it was you who, ultimately, signed the bill, Caelius." There was a gasp of horror amongst the wizards there. Caelius had never before admitted who had had the final say. And yet, that was ministry business. "It's true then, Caelius?" "In my capacity as Minister, I allowed the legislation through, yes." Lily stared at him in triumph. But, before she could say anything else, Sirius began to clap his hands, beginning slowly then building to normal speed. Lily's expression changed from triumph to confusion as he staggered towards her, clapping ceasing. "What are reciprocators for, Lily, did you ever think of that? Are we just an exclusive club that hangs around here unwilling to get our hands dirty when things get tough?" At this, Lily seemed to falter, steeling her look to Sirius, then looking away, tears in her eyes. "That was the last...last time I saw him, Sirius, and then you - " she stabbed her finger towards Caelius, "sent him to his death knowing exactly what was there! You signed the law! Your own brother!" "Lily..." it was James now, his voice , soft, steady, even, though his features betrayed shock. "You're a murderer, Caelius Lupin!" Lily shouted, as her tears flowed. "And you!" She turned to Sirius and continued, "you've changed your tune after you did for Remus what you did! Why don't you tell everyone that now we have their attention?" "No." "Of course. When it's you, you won't. Where did the bottle of polyjuice potion go to, eh? Tell us that! I'm sure Caelius would like to know the security he is so proud of is full of holes! You told me! Don't deny it! Ha! Does she know?" "Lily!" declared Sirius, hoarsely, "Remus is Caelius's brother! don't forget." And the words, "just what is he to you?" appeared silently in her mind. Lily glared at her sister, hating her ability. "Think of Sam! And Harry. This doesn't have to be discussed here; it can be done in private." Petunia looked at her, reasonably. But Lily did not feel reasonable. "Why would I want to do that when Remus lying dead, or as close to death that it makes little difference? Auld Magic? I don't care! I resign! Every conjurust in the world can come to Britain for all I care and I just don't - "Lily!" Sirius shouted back, devastation on his face matching her own. But his wife had not finished. Instead, she raised her wand to Caelius. "What you've done to your brother..." she pressed on, tears flowing down her face..."the only man who...I have ever loved... "Go to your lover then, if it will give you peace. I do not want you destroying my house over this!" Sirius declared, turning away. "So…" Lily growled, glaring at all who would dare look her down. But then the point of what she was about to say seemed to disappear from her lips. "I will be at St. Mungo's!" she declared, a crack accompanying her disapparation. James stood still, staring fixedly at the spot. "Well, it's not a party unless something gets broken," said Mick Mullen to his brother, trying to lighten the mood. Minerva gave him a "now is not the time" look as James's face drained of all colour. Then, he looked around the room, forcing a smile, before leaning over to his friend and saying in a low voice, "Sirius, you seemed to imply...It's something you need to speak to Lily about...?" But before there was any answer, Molly Weasley spoke for the whole room. "Caelius, can you tell us just what I going on?" "Yes," Caelius nodded, as ever the consummate politician. "There has been a proclaimation on behalf of wizards, a proclamation we believe that conjurists are behind, regarding non-wizards. They are claiming that, since the dawn of history wizards have been repressed by non-wizards...failing to integrate us; failing to assimilate their communities. They claim recompense for years of repression." "They can't do that!" declared Benjamin Wergs, outraged. "They have. And as they have, therefore they can. And Europe is honour-bound to investigate it. Shortly before our party here began a confederation of conjurists sent a legal protestation European Council of Wizardly Justice against all non-wizards from time immemorial for the persecution against magic practitioners and the suppression and repression of magic: hedge wizards burned as witches - " " - they probably were witches!" declared someone. " - druids exterminated. Fairy-folk driven away from communities and settlements." "Ridiculous!" whispered Hermione to Harry. Draco will laugh that one out of Strasbourg! It;s like Britain suing Denmark and Norway for the Viking raids, or...Italy for the Roman invasion!" "So, you can understand that I am needed elsewhere, and that it would not be fair to either the Ministry or you, as Reciprocators, to attempt to carry out both roles at the present time. This is a critical state of affairs," he added, now addressing them as if it were a Reciprocators meeting, rather than a Christmas party, albeit a ruined one. "James yesterday agreed to be Head of the Reciprocators in entirety. He will carry out this role and all I cam ask is that you support him in the same way that you gave supported Severus and I over these last 8 years. Aberforth would be proud of you all." There was silence. A score of people stared back at him, wordlessly. And then a clap began to build, starting at Sirius, which gained momentum until the whole room was applauding, and chanting, "James! James! James!" And then, as ever, the Reciprocators began, organising, discussing, planning, as if that evening's rage and shocking declaration had never been, like it had never been a Christmas party, and with speed and efficiency, knowing that non-wizards were getting caught up in a lot of trouble. Caelius stepped over to Severus, his face one of concern, "I cannot pursue the breach in memory tampering overtly, Severus, though I thought that I was on my way here with news for Lily and James that Sam was entirely exonerated," he looked past his former colleague, noticing Sam had gone to his father's side and had pitched in with the helping, "due to this matter in Europe. Draco will be sensible, we can be assured, but he has to be seen to be doing it by the book. By highlighting this cause legally draws attention to the conjurist cause; I'm not about to add more fuel to it by declaring my findings, but I am almost certain about how the memory alteration came to be...the same wizards who, I suspect, hold Cecilia; the same who have brought the lawsuit." "Then you must leave – your night will be longer, much longer than ours." When Caelius then disapparated, he caught Harry's eye. Both he and Hermione were as they had been, and had heard everything his mother had said. "You were right to give this to me," he reassured them, clutching the blue, velvet clutch-bag. "Mrs Lupin is missing; tonight there have been attacks: now…" "As bad as Halloween?" "Maybe worse. But what we have established is that they are different. We cannot detect the source; they don't appear to be using pensieves, so it is going to prove difficult to mount an effective response." Benjamin Wergs floos, "they have destroyed the majority of the sporting establishment at Wembley. Madam Lestrange is there…the quibball pitch for tomorrow is on fire..." "They will still play," said Tonks with certainty. "I have never known Bellatrix give up. She won't leave til it's all right, you watch." "Keep me informed, Benjamin," James replied, looking at the report Ben had just handed him. Caelius, returning to the very spot he had just left from, collided with Benjamin as he disapparated at the same time. "I must speak to you alone," Caelius told Severus, a little shaken from the collision. They made their way upstairs to Sirius's father's study. When Severus closed the door, Caelius began with an apology. "I apolgise for the timing of this, due to what has just happened, but I feel my ability to think as I once did, following my transfer of responsibility to James means that my memory diminishes by the minute. That, combined with my symptoms..." He rested a hand on one of the bookshelves, one of its inhabitants, lying close to Caelius's hand, snapping at it. He sighed, folding his arms. "Who, at Hedgewards would seek to do Sam Potter harm? Who has the most to gain from his disgrace. Or he was goaded into it?" Caelius said his questions aloud, but expected no response. It was a good job, as none were offered bt Snape. "His mother, and sister...Fraser's...so different to the boy and his father..." Their eyes met, Caelius's pale blue connecting with Severus's dark brown, "We are in accord then. The boy had to have had help." "You understand, then, why I cannot investigate the breach of memory security officially?" Caelius's mouth turned upwards, as if hoping he was displaying a smile on his face. "Indeed. It could be all our downfall." "It means another traitor in the ministry." "Could it be...after last week?" "I will reserve judgement until I have evidence, Severus. All I can ask is that you look after Septimus until the arrival of...well, you know...take him with you to Hedgewards, if that's where you'll be over the holidays, I'd ask Mr. amd Mrs. Scott, but that would not be wise - his safety is of prime concern, and he may endanger them.. Additionally, it is close to full moon. He will need his medicine; he will someone who understands." A look of paternal angst etched in the face of Caelius Lupin told Severus Snape all he needed to know about how the Head of the Ministry felt about the boy, even now, when Septimus's real paternity was in question." When Caelius had departed again, Snape descended the stairs, past Hermione and Harry, who were busy over groupings of wizards and non-wizards who were about to go out as backup to those, it was clear, had already left. "Thank you," he said to Harry again, holding up Hermione's bag. "These are most valuable. Especially the screaming – I may be able to get an analysis on it…it may shed some light. Snape stepped past them into the living room. Around him the Reciprocators and Non-Wizard Reciprocators were at work, the party now abandoned, collaborating, discussing, organising. "We'll stay and help dad," said Harry, to Hermione, as he looked at his father, no trace of the indiscretion his mother had shared with them that evening on his face. "I think the party has pretty much ended." "You'll need to," growled Sam, pushing past his big brother, "after what mum did. And, did you hear what Sirius said?" "I think we all did." "I'll go and look after Septimus – I take it he's still upstairs?" "That's where I saw him go," confirmed Hermione, looking past Harry. "Right," sighed Sam, stepping on the worn, oak steps, looking down at them, his head hung as he ascended. "I'll get him," said Severus. "I need to speak to him about all of this." Past Harry, Severus strode up, making the steps two at a time. A moment later, as Harry and Hermione heard the Headmaster of Hedgewards call Septimus's name, each time more urgently and quieter as he moved further away from the stairs, Sam hurried back down. "He's not up there," he said, stopping before his brother and looking at him carefully. Just then, Caelius pushed past them, back again in Grimmauld Place, leaning on the door into the living room so it swung back on its hinges and slammed against the wall. Shouting above the noise of wizards planning, Caelius called, "Septimus! Does anyone know where he is?" Mutterings around him proved inconclusive and impatiently he tried again, "who saw him last?" "Upstairs," came Sam's voice, his father's hand on his shoulder. "And then he came down…" Caelius stepped towards him, waiting in forced silence as the boy accessed the sequence of events, "…and then, he and his friends joined us to play – " Sam looked across at the board around which Fred and George were still sitting, " – Diopoly, then," Sam stopped, and thought, then looked at Caelius in the eye. "Then," declared Caelius, "we need to find him." "There's something not right about all of this," whispered Hermione to Harry, as the wizards and witches began to tear around the house. "Sam?" she asked, as the boy's downcast face appeared by Harry's shoulder. "Sam!" declared Harry. "Wait here, for Septimus," he instructed. "And keep an eye on Dad." Sam looked at Harry, curiously. "Why? Where are you going?" "Out!" declared Hermione. "Come on, Ron," she hissed as their friend drifted nearer, his face downcast. "Where, out?" demanded Sam. "Why?" asked Ron and Harry together. ""He can't have gone far; he's only young. He will have had to walk." She opened the door of 12, Grimmauld Place with her right hand, the winter night air blowing in. "We're going to look for Septimus Lupin?" questioned Ron as Hermione and Harry stepped onto the first step of the house. Behind them, as if on a hidden set of rails, ready to move the building, Number 12 shuddered. "Yes. Will you need to go and tell Freya?" Ron shook his head. "We're over, I think. She did not look too well ten minutes ago; Tonks and Nick took her home." Hermione gave him a sympathetic look. Behind them, Sam looked more miserable than ever. "Harry, stay with him," she hissed, looking at Harry's brother, sinking down onto one of the steps of the staircase, his head forward and his hands cradling it. "He needs you. Then, find us. In an hour or so. Use a "Global Positioning Spell." "Where are we going, then?" Ron asked Hermione, as she pulled him down, outside, on the other side of the front door, which she now closed and leaned with a hand against it. Behind them, the building creaked and groaned together, shrinking the volume of the row of terraces and she pulled her hand away almost as quickly lest she fell over the handrail and down onto the cellar steps of No. 14. "Some Christmas Day, eh?" Harry sat down next to Sam on the stairs next to him, patting his hand lightly. "Mum? And Remus Lupin?" Sam turned his red-eyed, red-cheeked face towards Harry, his eyes full of sorrow, his voice full of disbelief. But before Harry could answer, there was a loud "crack" by the hallway fireplace, a green glow and, as he stared into the living room, watched the figures appear in sharp contrast compared to their original, blurry, prototypes. "Let them help," declared Ann Blewitt as, one by one, the figures came to stand next to her. Harry leaned back from his position on the doorstep of No. 12, catching his aunt's face as Ann spoke. "Petunia...minister…what can they do? What can we all do?" Around her, to most people's amazement, stood her husband, son and daughter. Harry watched as his brother, intrigued, stepped into the living room and even more amazed, once he had got to his feet, that his brother had stridden over to Fraser and stuck out a hand. After a brief look down, as if the boy had never seen hands before, Fraser encompassed it with his own, and shook it, smiling generously at his former adversary. 88888888 "London, Kensington. Newgate. The M25..." Septimus's plan had, well, not existed. He had no plan after crossing the threshold of 12, Grimmauld Place. All he wanted to do was to walk, and walk, and walk. The evening air was chilly now as he walked down a long road, heading South-East, one which looked as if it might take him past the capital and towards...where? Pausing for a moment, having left Professor Snape's broadclad at the top end of the street (it had decided that it knew Septimus was not its' owner and had bucked and writhed until Septimus had flown it lower and swung himself off – the broom whereupon gave itself a shake, like a wet dog before dashing back off into the cloudy night sky) and he had continued on foot. So many things...so many disappointments: his mother was not coming; she had been kidnapped by wizards...Sam and Harry's mum declaring her love for his father. Not to mention the tickly, uncomfortable feeling at the back of his neck which had told him to get the potion that Professor Snape had made for him. A gentle breeze whipped past Septimus as he walked. No mum. No opportunity to ask her about this, anyway. He looked down at his Friend-Finder and was green in each of his friends' places. At least that was something, Septimus thought as he read a sign: Brixton. At least Dad could be cared for, by Snape, and the St. Mungo's healers. And, Mrs Potter? In his mind she was always so happy, smiley, mum-like. And now...she'd said all those things? Her and his dad? She had said she could be found at St. Mungo's. He shivered, wondering how long it would take him to get to - "How far did you think you would get, trudging alone at night, in winter. On Christmas Day, too?" His own mind thought the words which were, practically, true as he contemplated his journey south. South. Across the Channel, and closer to his mum. Although it would be like looking for a needle in a hundred haystacks, even if he did know where she might at least be. Septimus pressed on, knowing that he must continue. Should he be found by Severus Snape he would send Septimus home. Or to Hedgewards Castle, which was as close to home as Septimus could imagine just at the moment. There or Uncle Kay's cottage. A flash of green, however, brought Severus Snape to him and within seconds his headmaster was standing in front of him. Instinctively, Severus took some steps back, tripping back over a low wall of sandstone blocks which was the border between someone's garden in an old, Victorian terrace and the pavement. Snape waited until he got back to his feet and then, as Septimus began to walk purposefully in the direction he was going just then, Severus Snape fell into step with him. At length, and having crossed two roads using the pedestrian lights, his headmaster turned to him. "Is mum missing again?" Septimus began, rather than waiting for Snape to say anything. "And are my dad and Mrs Potter going to get married? And how are you going to cure him?" He paused, glancing sideways towards his headteacher. " "You shall find the answers you seek, yet not necessarily walking the streets of London." "I mean, I'm ill trying to adiust to this lycanthropy, sir," he added, pulling at his collar. "Where are you intending on going, Septimus?" growled Snape, his voice like two millstones grinding flour. "To find mum. To get answers!" "And just how, pray?" "You'll see, if you intend on walking with me all the way to Dover." Snape smiled, glancing up the road. "It's 40 miles..." "Not you, or anyone will stop me, sir," declared Septimus, hastily. "I always know where I am going. Like mum," he added. "She always finds her way too." "I have no intention of stopping you," replied Snape, "however, 40 miles is a long way." He fumbled within his robe and handed Septimus a roll of paper. "Take care with this; clearly my confiscating it from you has had its benefits." The boy looked down, unpeeling back the edge of the paper, carefully. It was... "Non-wizard floo powder is untraceable: you need to be, too. So, may you reveal where you intend to go?" "Constantine Beauxbatons has an academy in France," Septimus reasoned, screwing up the floo powder and handed it back to Severus. "And you said that the Professor expert in vampirism works there." "Indeed," nodding. "Only...I have, er, never used it for…" "Travelling," guessed Snape. "Well, we had better just get that sorted out now," he opening the ends of the floo powder wrapper carefully and, taking a pinch from the green, crystalline grains, balanced them on his forefinger. "When I throw this in the air, you need to wave your wand and state where we intend to go," Snape instructed, standing near his pupil. "What do you mean, "we"? Are you..." "Coming with you?" Snape smiled a little, the corners of his mouth rising. "Just how far do you think you would get on your own?" And, at once, Septimus felt a little better, despite the hollowness which he felt had been carved into him as the evening, so full of promise and a different course of events, had turned out so badly. " "But," said Septimus, drawing his arm back a little, "Professor, I must ask you, my lycanthropy…I wanted...I wanted, " he huffed, stopping from his quickened beat of his heart as he thought again of the question, "I wanted to ask mum if it passed on to me from my relatives, or something...or Dad?" Their eyes met for a moment, and then Septimus felt as if the unspoken question in his mind had been sensed by Severus Snape nevertheless. "Remus Lupin is your father, rest assured about that. As for your lycanthropy...yes it is benign because you inherited it. But should you stop caring for Remus despite your doubts? Is he not your father? Did he not raise you? Did he not nurture you, love you?" There was silence, for a time, as Septimus considered this. "It is your choice, Septimus. Your Uncle Kay had asked me to be your guardian over the Christmas period. Critical political happenings are afoot, which may or may not be related to your mother's disappearance. So, where to, Septimus Lupin? Back to Hedgewards, where the house elves will, no doubt, lavish you with food while you spend Christmas there, with me?" His onyx eyes seemed to twinkle as he spoke. Septimus raised his wand again, a parallel action to how the hope in his chest was affecting his heart. "Or Beauxbatons? To find Constantin and seek for your father the answers you crave?" Septimus placed his hand on his jeans pocket. "Constantin from Romania working in Beauxbatons," the tiny scrap of paper had read, which he had prised from his unconscious father's hand. Septimus oppered the small twist of paper to his headmaster. "Beauxbatons. There's really no choice, Professor." 88888888 Lindvald Halen got off his boat at the Holy Island of Lindisfarne, a clear, still night illuminating him with stars from the night sky, crossed the causeway onto the mainland and looked towards Berwick, towards the Scottish border. As Boxing Day dawned, Septimus and Severus were almost at the south coast followed keenly by Hermione (and a little more grudgingly than keenly by Harry and Ron). Pushing all thoughts of the near-past to one side in his mind, Lindvald began, here as he was, in his own country, a place where he had not set foot for over seventy years. He put his left foot into the soil of his homeland, then the other and, with just one final glance south, trod north. 88888888 Next to Hermione, Harry crackled into existence. She was sitting on a bench not a hundred yards from where she had seen Septimus perform his disapparating spell, under the guidance of Severus Snape. He looked at the wake of the green-ness, staring into its absence as the light dissipated from its centre. "Where are they going?" "To find answers at Beauxbatons," Hermione said, leaning her weary head on her fiancee's shoulder. "C'mon." "What has this got to do with us, Hermione?" demanded Ron, disturbed from his semi-stupour on the other side of Hermione. "He is with Snape, after all." "These notes of Cecilia's," Hermione replied. "Snape left them behind when he went off on his own. I picked them back up to save them from becoming a curiosity in the house, and therefore risking the secret to be told. There's something not right, Harry!" she clarified, her last words fierce and strong, getting to her feet and beginning to walk. Then, she turned back round again, sagging onto the cold, metal bench. To their left, sounds that Christmas Day night were finishing up, with groups of people in that Brixton suburb chatting, singing as they returned home from the pub. "Since the Witan; since Henrietta's death. Why did Snape send you the notes anyway? He could have chosen anyone if it was just a safe house he was looking for." Ron looked past Hermione, and to his best friend." "She does have a point." Ron said, lethargically. "There's something bigger…and it involves you…somewhere in it," Hermione concluded. "There's the "Art of the Wize" in the downstairs cupboard that I've been using for your auror work. And – " Harry's face turned from one of eagerness to one of disgust. He looked at Hermione. "Is it 'cos of that stupid book isn't it?" asked Ron. "Don't remind me!" "But," mused Hermione, her hair moving in the strong wind, "WAS it just a book? Is there anything deeper in that which – " she took in their blank expressions. "Not far now – we need to follow them." "For weeks?" asked Harry, who was growing tired of being in Hermione's guessing game. "What about your job?" "Hang the job, Harry!" exclaimed Hermione, fiercely. "There's something much, much bigger here. I may be able to help – WE mat be able to help. But," she added, looking at their confused faces, "for the moment, just tonight, to catch up, that would be something. I know a spell that can track them, to fine-tune their whereabouts over long distances. It would show us where Septimus is going with Severus." "He's going to Beauxbatons, didn't you hear what he said? There, and to find his mum?" "You think it's just that?" Hermione looked at both of them, astonished. "I want to know…we can help. C'mon!" Jumping up from the park bench, enthusiasm chasing away her earlier tiredness, Hermione began to stride off in the direction of Septimus and Severus. The Harry and Ron sat there, getting up only when Hermione turned to wonder why they weren't with her. "Well, I'll go on my own then." That was enough to jolt two pairs of legs into submission, as Ron whispered to Harry, "she'll need our help, sooner or later." "We'll support you, Hermione, of course. At least it will distract me from Dad and Mum's problems…" "And Freya's…" chipped in Ron. Harry gave him a, "we need to talk" look, but Ron just shrugged his shoulders. "We're over, Harry, me and Freya… it doesn't matter. You were right: she WAS too young for me." "Sorry?" "She was too young for me." "No, the first bit…" "You were right…" "Come on, you two!" snapped Hermione, impatiently. "I can use the "locator" spell. But, it does have a limited time in which it can be used, you know." And, with that, on Christmas Day's evening, the three friends headed south. 88888888 If Septimus Lupin had had a mind to look north, towards Britain, he might have stopped and turned back, such was the power of that awesome and terrible jewel. But he didn't. And neither did Severus Snape, with whom Septimus was walking, determinedly. And neither too Lindvald Halen, across the sea in a ship mirroring a passage his colleague and, should we call friend, Cecilia Lupin (we will reserve judgement), would have, should have, taken, exactly a day before, now past Berwick, on foot, and at the Scottish border. A day had begun, and in a week, it would be the start of a new year, a new decade. But an old one was not ready to be forgotten yet. 88888888 Peter Pettigrew sat at the grave of the 95-year-old, 12-years' dead Tom Riddle, not yards from the bench that Hermione, Harry and Ron had sat on, almost a week before. Beside him, the traitor instructed him that they were early and would have to come back at the right date. Peter Pettigrew, looked at him. simpering. "It's here." "Yes, sir. Tom Riddle." "Open the grave. Let me see him." A scrape of stone, followed by a scratching of dirt followed. And then the removal of the lid, screw by screw. Albus Dumbledore looked down, down at the now bacteria-eaten cloth which had once been what Tom Riddle had been buried in – his Sunday best – and, intertwined with the cloth bones, skin, muscle, sinew, hair...all well-preserved for having laid buried for nearly twenty years. The traitor looked at Peter Pettigrew: the inept wizard was loyal – that was in no doubt. He was ideally placed, especially since the demise of Vincento. But, equally, he was an easily manipulated fool. "And you sure this is the right man? He worked in the ministry 20 years ago and lived an uneventful life." "Yes! Yes, I know I am right," simpered Pettigrew, pacing on the spot earnestly. "And the Cause?" insisted the traitor, sharply. "How can we justify this if our work night-by-night is at risk?" "My dear fellow, this is for our Cause" Dumbeldore nodded. "And now, on the cusp of a new decade, we are at the very start of a new world." As if on cue New Year began, fireworks all over the district began to explode. "Believe me, we have this," he took out an object which had an eerie green glow. Felix Felixssohn's book, which the traitor had taken great pains to liberate. "If the floo network is tapped and the pensieves are going to be spied on,then we will just have to go back to old fashioned pen and paper." He held aloft the book. "The Art of the Wize will communicate to all those who are faithful. They need only to read..." Dumbledore's eyes drifted to the corpse again, alive not now with maggots but with something far better: potential. "What do you need him for? Old Tom?" "You will see in time. You have done well." Into Peter's pockets galleons poured, reward not nearly enough compared to the potential of Herpo the Foul's descendant, speaking to his remains. "You will see," he repeated, his eyes working its way over the corpse he had spent decades seeking. "You will see, and you will cower in terror." And then,having replaced the lid, by hand, Albus Dumbledore took the soil from the floor from where Peter Pettigrew and the traitor had piled it, and began to rebury the body of the Heir of Slytherin. Replacing the gravestone contemplated the bright, rosy future in which he and Gellert would soon be living, and thanking Merlin (a silly superstiton, he told himself sharply) for the excellent and productive Christmas he and his lover had "In time, everyone will see." 88888888 In a place now snow-bound, a chalet stood, perched on a high mountain, so high that, in the summer the summit could not be seen from the ground. In a room at the very top there was a guest whose needs were being taken care of by one of the hosts of the intimate party in which both hosts had partaken. They had much to celebrate, for their plans had crystallised far more succinctly than either of them had imagined. The unwilling guest, stupefied, but still no less lovely in her turquoise dress, soft shoes, styled hair, but lacking the necklace that her friend had lent to her, had not been invited. Indeed, it is probably fair to say that even if Cecilia Lupin knew of such a celebration, and had indeed been invited to it, then she would have declined. Gellert Grindelwald ascended the pale, wooden steps that led to the room at the very top of the chalet, whose balcony overlooked the main living area and housed his Great Pensieve. Cecilia had not moved from where she had been carefully laid, next to it. She was the third: the third non-transmutable object: something whose essence did not change from existence to existence. One whose presence here, along with the locket, handed to their agent at Durmstrang for the purposes of verifying Mrs Lupin's validity as the third, had the potential to connect them directly to a certain place and time in that other existence. Or rather, Mrs Frobisher had. Mrs Frobisher... He looked at her – nothing much to look at though – a middle-aged woman with pale, reddish hair, dishevelled now, though inexplicably presentable when she had been at the ball and most carefree in the company of Lindvald Halen... The woman murmured in her sleep. At this, Gellert Grindelwald put his wand to her temple, all the better to witness the dream in her mind... ...of another Christmas, somewhere, of another party...of a time when all the world cowered to a name, the wizard bearing that name being the most powerful of them all...Grindelwald looked back at her, her thoughts still playing on through her mind...of a betrayal...interesting...interesting...of a lover...of the promise of a use of what seemed to be Auld Magic – use of bone and blood to access the very fundamentals of wizardry...but, in their ignorance, they did not know about the origins of such magic for, through a more deep awareness of Auld Magic this wizard whom they feared would be of no threat to their plans whatsoever...
It had taken Caelius two hours to cross London on foot. Following the revelling of people celebrating New Year in Trafalgar Square, the party atmosphere, the fireworks over the London Eye and countless false callouts to potential disturbances, he had decided that a walk in the fresh air was in order. It had been surprising, if a little unnerving to discover that a conjurist plot had not been carried out that night, with so many people in the city for the celebration. However, if he had been Albus Dumbledore he would have foregone that night as it would be too obvious. Better yet if he were to organise a wizardly attack on non-wizards – via wizards in Britain still enthralled by the propaganda – on a day which had little or no significance. The wind was fresh on his face as he crossed the Seven Dials district although any amount of fresh air would not be enough to make him feel alive: too many nights awake as days; events changing quickly by the hour. He knew he needed rest – his condition was nearly upon him – but there was not a lot he could do. It had been an unpopular move to call a meeting so early on the 1st January; his ministers, many of whom would have been at parties that night, or on call at Grimmauld Place, would not have had a lot of sleep. But what he had to say needed the cold, hard, light of day to explain, and he was in no mood to wait. Descending via the red phone box in Uttoxeter Street, Caelius mused at the violence which had happened just after Christmas. It seemed to have coincided with the petition to the European Wizarding Council, as he had has reports from Draco Malfoy's office that similar attacks had happened in France, Germany, the Czech Republic, Austria, Italy and Switzerland. However, more than that, he was sure that now, a lot of this was a smokescreen. For what, Caelius did not know, and would certainly like to have found out, for it would have saved a lot of waiting. Somehow, he suspected, it directly involved his sister-in-law. An hour later, the Minister for Magic was indeed standing before his cabinet of bleary-eyed ministers as he discussed the case for continuation of the Magical Union, and that they would stand firm lest the continent split back into its former factions. "This is about future co-operation; the past is untenable. This will be our position when I am, in due course, called to give evidence in Strasbourg." "And you think it will come to that, then?" asked Dulcie Dainty, not Caelius's most ardent of supporters, but one who had seen, over the last months, the scourge of conjurism, and liked it less than the modern ideas of wizard-non-wizard integration. "I do indeed. Grindelwald is clever; he knows that, where in the past overt violence has not achieved its aims, legal wranglings might, especially with so many interests to be declared at the hearing. We may not like the idea of a legal statement over the rights of wizards, but we cannot silence them. In any case," he paused, swallowing as his monthly ailment made his head light, "Dumbledore and Grindelwald know this. Draco Malfoy had no choice but to accept the hearing." His eye alighted on Mick Mullen who, unusually, did not sit casually at the table, feet up. Instead, leaning forward, he raised a hand. Caelius nodded. "The recognition can be heard, Caelius. It will be finished with. Then no-one can say it was never investigated, and we can move on." A murmur of assent arose in the office. Only when it ebbed did Caelius continue. "Indeed, if that were all it was. And, forgive me when I say I do not have definite answers to this. As we know, Mrs Lupin is missing, and we have at least one traitor in our ministry - " There was a collective intake of breath as his ministers looked amongst one another. "If I thought for any moment it was someone present, I would have done something about this already. But, my friends, not you. They have betrayed us – the country – for a long time, and for some of that time I had my suspicions that the traitor was Vincento, of the Department of Mysteries. Indeed, he was declared a traitor at the Witan hearing. But events have passed too quickly and have too many coincidences to be dismissed. "To whom are you referring?" asked Dave, leaning forward. "He would have taken them now, wouldn't he?" snapped back Evelyn Forteskew, one witch who would definitely liked to have been in bed right now, instead of here, at the Ministry. "May I ask, why is Mrs Lupin so important to the events you are referring?" Lucius Malfoy steepled his fingers on the cabinet room's desk. "Forgive me, and I do mean this genuinely – I am sorry that your sister-in-law is missing, Minister," he added, "but her disappearance – how is this linked to Strasbourg, or the declaration of Wizard?" It would not harm anyone here to be told the truth, Caelius thought. They were his trusted ministers, and Evelyn had been right when she said the traitor would not have been called to the cabinet if Caelius knew it was them. "And you haven't the faith in us to tell us whom this traitor may be?" pressed Dulcie, leaning back in her chair, her white-grey hair falling over her shoulders. "Faith? I wish it were only a matter of faith. Currently, there is a security leak within the Ministry, which is why I have implemented a minimal information-sharing policy under emergency measures until this is rectified." "Very prudent," agreed Dave Mullen. "And you have Aurors still looking for Cecilia?" "Indeed," replied Caelius. "The search has begun Europe-wide; I had a meeting with Draco Malfoy this morning. You know, or at least, many of you know, that Cecilia Lupin emerged from beyond the Veil nearly thirteen years ago. Where she came from, I do not know – she may not even know herself. I recall she gave you a nasty thump in the face, Lucius." Lucius Malfoy raised his eyebrows, smiling a little. "Indeed," he replied. "I remember." "It coincided with Tabitha Penwright's experiments. She went beyond the veil; Cecilia emerged almost at the same time. We know that the veil is linked to memories which are stored in pensieves. If you can recall the meeting we had just before the attacks on 30th October, I expressed my concern that the portable pensieves might be being used to co-ordinate attacks as well as to transmit nefarious information to naïve ears, such as "The Art of the Wize". Tabitha's objective is to investigate the physical link between the world of memories and ours – she proved that it could be done, and we are waiting for her return." "You have had no word from Miss Penwright, then?" "None. Save for confirmation that the memory used against Sam Potter at the Witan hearing was indeed false. Whatever Tabitha experienced, the memory store did not tolerate being cheated." "But Mrs Lupin's arrival was unexpected; no-one except Tabitha was supposed to come back through, and even then, that was expected to be months away, according to our measure of time." "Aye," agreed Hervert Herbert, stifling a yawn. "And so...?" "I had to be sure before I reported to you – a great deal of information – coinciding information, has been reported to me." "What information?" asked Hervert, thinking of his bed which, by rights, he still should be in. "There have been corroborating reports of areas weak in magic around the country – spells not working, or not working as well as usual; more disapparations resulting in splinching, even to the most experienced of wizards, not just newly-Of Age wizards and witches." "Maybe an imbalance of magic?" suggested Mick's twin. "Conjurists are causing concentrations of the magical field when they meet, causing voids? We always were distributed on this planet sparsely and thinly. Could it make a difference?" Caelius nodded, half to himself. The Mullen twins were always very astute when it came to unusual, yet brilliantly insightful hypotheses. "It is exactly this which I am investigating. The dips in magical consistency have been verified. I am to put Gregor onto it, and a couple of the Unspeakables. Yes, Dulcie?" Dulcie Dainty cleared her throat. "You called us here so early in New Years' Day so the Aurors can begin to investigate what you say, areas of magical influence?" "It's not that in itself, Caelius clarified, guessing correctly that this would be raised. "The polarisation of magical energy has always been there, and has, more or less, existed. But, it is accelerating. More places are becoming concentrated, and more are getting less. Injuries have increased over the last month; even the Hedgewards Express flicked into existence between platforms nine and ten at Kings' Cross when the wizards returned home at Christmas – we had to use the "balance of probability" clause in the "Use of Magic Against Non-Wizards" Act of 1976 to alter the memories of scores of non-wizards. They could have been told it was magical but – whoever would have believed that when they think they had just seen a steam engine appearing to pull up through the platform and into the brick arches? No," concluded Caelius, beginning to pace as the strain of over-work was beginning to inflame his symptoms, despite his wolfsbane, "this is a matter which needs our close, covert attention. There is more to this than meets the eye, and this, the disappearance of Cecilia Lupin and the Petition are not unrelated." Caelius paused, collecting his thoughts. Now, onto the next part: it was a risk, but a calculated one. One which, if mishandled, would throw the world into disaster, and it really would be all his fault." "As you may know, when Cecilia appeared, she was afforded care by Aberforth Dumblefore, faultless, humane care. She met, and married, my brother, and had Septimus. And that should have been the end of it. However, somehow, Cecilia's origins became a matter of interest to Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald – how this happened is open to speculation. But the one thing that is certain is that Cecilia arrived with three intransmutable objects." "Intransmutable objects?" asked Rod Lestrange. "Aren't they just ...theoretical?" "Not to the Mysteriours they aren't, or at least theoretically. Even Tabitha Penwright did not bring one back through the veil last time. However, it has been proven through their atomic energy signal that they are. Or at least they were. Two of them were stolen from very high security inside the Ministry, here. The other, well, we do not know about the third." "And who do you believe has stolen them?" asked Lucius Malfoy. "Albus Dumbledore," replied Caelius, softly. "Via the traitor." "And why is this relevant, Caelius?" pressed Hervert Herbert. "They have a different magical signature..." "Not seen since the middle ages. Wherever she came from it was a long way away. The intransmutable objects, however, had a energy wavelength which corresponded exactly to the fundamental natural forces, those which are held in highest regard by conjurists. "There are four," Caelius continued, "and all magic can be traced back to when the first electromagnetic waves were produced. Wizards, by definition, and those other magical beings who never evolved separately, could metabolise the energy and thrived. Some developed and passed on the ability to manipulate energy. Some did not, and chose to live separately. We, or rather Lily Potter, and then Harry, who since has taken over the work, have found out that, back in mediaeval times non-wizards were protected as long as they didn't expose themselves to too much magic, and a type of immunity could be acquired. All obeying natural biological laws. Auld magic relies on use of basic spells that relate back to objects or places, people's hair or fingernails. Physical ingredients. All emit their own characteristic magical signature. This is why wands vary in success according to owner; why spells have to be intoned in a particular way. Auld magic invokes the four main forces at once, gravity, electromagnetism, strong nuclear force, that holds matter together, and weak nuclear force, that allows for decay. If a spell can attune to all of these forces, it's Auld Magic. And of course, only wizards can do this." "But why? This is the magic we all do, every day. " "Because it's not really to do with Auld Magic, is it?" Peaceable Furness declared, his voice ringing out clearly. "Isn't it?" "Can't you see? It's to do with Dumbledore and Grindelwald seeking to control. We thought we had everything we needed but Mrs Lupin has been unavoidably detained. She developed this. It even, slightly, changes the Universal Link, as Snape overlooked a connection with relativity. Potions developed inductively rather than by outcome need a minor adjustments." "I bet Albus Dumbledore would give his eye teeth to know about this," growled Herbert Hervert, severely. "I bet he's guessing at the Intransmutable objects, and guessing that Cecilia has come from a magical place, if the energy signatures coincide." There was a long pause, as the cabinet silently filled in the obvious. "They have her? Is that what you suspect, Caelius?" Hervert Herbert's strong Yorkshire accent rang out, without either confirmation or dismissal of his idea. At last, Caelius replied, "Yes, Hervert, that is indeed what I think. The intransmutable objects in his power, supplied by a traitor in the Ministry, and access to the one possessing them. But, to what ends? What possible use has Cecilia Lupin to them?" "Then I say we get her back!" declared Hervert, banging his fist on the table. "That'll stop 'em in their tracks." "Indeed, that is one course of action I have considered," replied Caelius carefully. "But there is another." "And that is...?" prompted Lucius Malfoy, smoothly. "To allow events to take their natural course. See what Cecilia's disappearance, her intransmutable objects, the "Rights of Wizard" and actions of the conjurists take." "So you mean, don't do anything?" "Precisely. Then, at least, other, hidden mechanisms may suddenly reveal themselves." "Yeah, like Blewitt and his family turning up to help the Reciprocators. I mean, do you believe he's reformed, Caelius, after everything?" The Head of the Aurors banged his fist on the table again. "Everyone deserves a second chance, Hervert. I have it on good authority that the Christmas Day attacks were too much for them to just stand by. Yes, they still have their copies of "Art of the Wize", let us not pretend anything fundamentally has changed with their belief system. However, the situation is out of their league, and they're scared, and embarrassed too. And again, to watch and observe Blewitt, and Mark Swales too, this may be fruitful. I do not believe conjurists will declare themselves, nor events come to a head until the "Rights of Wizard" is heard, on 29th March, I believe?" Caelius looked across to Lucius for confirmation. The father of the Magical Wizarding Council Head nodded. "What of the Wembley attacks?" asked Rodolphus. "Bellatrix went all out after the perpetrators, and I know Aurors made arrests, Hervert." "Indeed. One of many attacks that day. It is to the sportspeople's credit that they played the match anyway – please pass on my regards to your wife, Rodolphus – she has created a magnificent sport, whose potential in both sportsmanship and wizard-non-wizard co-operation can only grow." When the last chatter at the mention of Wembley died away, Caelius considered his cabinet. He was lucky to have them, and knew that it was only in these times of difficulty that you knew for certain exactly who he could rely on." "Any further questions?" There were none. All of the wizards of the cabinet cleared the policy of increased reporting of these three areas through normal channels of reporting: Auror, Reciprocator, non-wizard police and, insisted on by Dave Mullen, NWRs. "The last thing on the agenda is the issue of the headmaster of Hedgewards. It is custom, and duty, for the Minister for Magic to appoint the role of Headmaster." Caelius told the cabinet the name of the wizard he had appointed and had been a little taken aback when there had been no opposition or questioning of his appointment. "He is an outstanding wizard and entirely trustworthy. I will make my way to Hedgwards to break the news to the staff tomorrow, in time for the return of the students on Wednesday. Now, any other business before I close the meeting?" No-one had. When the wizards had said their goodbyes to one another, and wished each other a peaceful rest of the day in lieu of their return to work the next day, Mick Mullen had approached Caelius. "It is taking its toll already, Caelius," he said, "your "time of the month"." Despite himself, Caelius nodded. "It is indeed becoming particularly troublesome, yes. I have enough wolfsbane, however. Severus Snape saw fit to ensure it before he chaperoned my nephew." "And you do not know where they are?" Caelius shook his head. "I have sent the homing bees," he admitted, "although if he does not want to be found, Septimus will choose not to be. I have it from Snape himself that Septimus wishes to pursue his father's cure with Constantin, who is currently teaching at Beauxbatons, I believe. I trust in my nephew's decision, Michael, however much I disagree with it." "You will have three unhappy students on your hands when you tell them," Mick added. "I wouldn't like to be in Minerva's place on Wednesday." "Three students?" "Darren Black, Rufus Lestrange, and the non-wizard boy...Julian, something, Septimus's friend." A pause sat between them, like a rest in music, before the Minister of Magic replied, "Indeed. It is not a pleasant time for anyone. Since the destruction of Wembley, to the political declaration of the Rights of Wizard, too many things are relying on other things; too many things are interconnected – too interconnected for my liking. I can be patient – infinitely patient. But I must be vigilant to the unforeseen repercussions of these matters for it is these which will bring the house of tarot cards down." "Right," nodded Mick, deciding that he knew he never wanted to be in Caelius Lupin's place, either. "You only need to be in touch should you need assistance, Caelius, you know that." "Indeed," acknowledged the minister. "And I thank you, Michael Mullen. Although you may regret that offer, in time." "And Remus?" pressed Mick, seemingly not in a hurry to leave. "How is he?" "As well as he was, that is to say, still unconscious and being treated by Severus Snape's blood transfusion. But I know, we all are aware, that this is a race against time. His body will perish, is perishing, slowly and unless a cure can be found, by Constantin, or in any other way, I fear that it will be too late. My own doing, I am sorry to say." "That was just a woman given to rage, screaming that at you," said Mick, referring to Lily Potter's outburst on Boxing Day. "Indeed," agreed Caelius, slowly. "And with truth in it. I did indeed sanction half-breeds in the country. It was only a matter of time that Conjurists would take advantage of the law. But Istand by my beliefs – wizards and non-wizards should work closer with one another, not further apart. It is such division which breeds bigotry and hatred." "No-one can doubt your motives, Caelius, for they are wise and humane. It is for the European Wizarding Council to state this – if it is your belief that Grindelwald has engineered this for his own end, it may be to our advantage after all. Now," nodded Mick, patting an increasingly agitated Caelius Lupin on the shoulder, "look after yourself; take your medicine, take some time, and begin again tomorrow. Now, I must be going, Caelius," Mick concluded, holding out a hand. "Happy New Year, Mick," Caelius replied, shaking the Head of Magical Education's hand. "Please pass my best wishes on to Minerva." Rest, thought Caelius, he should. He should rest. But there was so much to do. First of all, to wish his brother the best of the New Year, and New Decade, hoping that Lily Potter would not yet be at his bedside. And then to Hedgewards, to discuss the appointment of the new Headmaster, which would not go down well with some of the more established teachers. Sometimes, and especially at times when his inner werewolf was howling, Caelius found himself doubting his beliefs. Yet, the face of his own dear nephew, caught up in this like a fly in a spider's web, crossed his mind and lingered, as he thought about his departure, and his path, which he could no more change than Caelius could go back in time. At that, a further thought passed through his mind, of the new Hedgewards Headmaster as Caelius disapparated to St. Mungo's and his brother. 88888888 "It's much colder than I remember, at any rate!" finished Jason Crudglington, grinning as he finished a debate with Sam Potter as the students assembled in the Great Hall. "You're used to it; you've been here six years more often than me. My old school was on the south coast – we just don't get winters like this down there." "It's never been this cold, is all I'm saying," Sam replied, taking Crystallia's ice-cold hand in his for a second. The girl smiled, her face more angled than it had been when they had left nearly two weeks before, crinkling into a smile "But it will snow in Scotland." Around them the places around the long benches began to fill. Voices filled the room, the volume rising as groups of children entered in bunches, laughing, talking loudly, hugging one another, layered up in woollens and jerseys. Another beginning of term, more this time than had left for several more non-wizards than not had rejoined the school, as had been Caelius's plan, and had boarded the Hedgewards Express at King's Cross that morning. Jason's little brother had joined him too and was waiting nervously by Jason – he was to be Sorted, like the others, Professor McGonagall had explained. But, Jason had explained to Aaron, at the start of the Autumn Term, the Sorting Hat wouldn't Sort, and so the students had to make their own decision anyway, which meant that they chose what was in their heads. Aaron, an almost identical, if smaller, copy to his older brother – ashy-blonde hair, blue eyes and mad-keen on sports – had said that in that case he would choose to be in Gryffindor as it had led in both quibball and quidditch at the end of the last term. Jason got him to sit down and, on the other side of Aaron, Darren Black sat, pulling up his sleeve and showing his wristband from the Boxing Day quibball match to the new non-wizard student, who smiled broadly and . He was the first of his friends to sit – his mum had allowed his dad, Regulus, to "broom" him up, and he grinned at Sam for a few seconds, made to say something, then thought again. Instead, Crystallia smiled back at Sam's cousin and, closing her hand around something in her lap, said, "I see you wear the quibball band from the match? Tell me, was it a good game?" At this, Darren's face lit up, and he proceeded to tell her how they had played, the footballers kicking the ball up so high that some of the former quidditch players had had to fly so daringly fast and close that some of them had been milliseconds away from fatalities. "That's a bit of an exaggeration." A voice on Darren's right caused him to jerk his head back towards the speaker. Rufus Lestrange, staring at the dials on the non-wizard radio which he had brought to the Gryffindor table, interjected. "Seconds, at most, Or they would have come off due to their momentum and turning speed." He looked up at Crystallia for a moment. "It was a good game, though. Mum's pleased." Next to Jason, Aaron Crudglington opened his mouth in astonishment and, his courage replaced by a sudden boldness, made to say something. But the speaker on the dais was urging the students to sit quickly and quietly. Darren turned to look at Rufus, and then past him, to Julian, who had accompanied Rufus by train, his "Friend Finder" around his neck, the place in what would be compass-point "east" glowing a faint purple, like his, Darren noted and, as he craned over to look at Rufus's, his too. It had been a difficult week for the friends. It had been Darren who had found Rufus to tell him about Septimus's departure at the Boxing Day quibball match, before the attacks had taken place. Bellatrix Lestrange, embodying an authority which could rival the Minister for Magic himself had fought off one attacker, holding him and two others at wandpoint. By the talking to she had been giving them, all three were humbled to the point of submission when Dave Mullen had come to take them for questioning. But it was Julian for whom Darren had felt the sorriest. It was at the station where he had been told by Caelius of his friend's departure with the headmaster and, living so remotely in the Lake District, hadn't even been in touch with the news and knew nothing of the quibball attacks, nor even the nationwide broadcast of the event. To his credit, Julian had taken it well, Darren had thought, and had said he had known something must have been wrong: Septimus had promised to visit, and his friend-finder position had not changed. Darren had then spent the rest of the journey patiently listening to Rufus discuss his plants, the radio experiments he had planned and Dorielle, who his father had been taking care of for Septimus, and now, by extension, was in his care. Julian had sat very quietly for the rest of the seven hours to Hedgemeade as Rufus had gone thorough in tortuous detail how he looked forward to building on the training he had begun for the Lower Hunt and link it in to their natural ability to respond to radio frequencies. Now, as the last glimmer of hope Darren had had of Septimus being at Hedgewards when they got there with Professor Snape, he turned back to what his Uncle Kay was saying from the raised platform at the front of the Great Hall, from where Severus Snape had welcomed them all to the school in September, and bade them an excellent Christmas just over a fortnight ago. And now they were sitting at the Gryffindor table, having watch the First-Years Self-sort, looking around at the students, who were, as they were, keen to be back. Before they had sat down, their Head of House had called them over, talking first to Julian, with Adam Owen and John Tallick about their return, and that they needed to report anything unusual with themselves or their health to her. John had shown her that he had a measure of magical ability, and had asked to borrow a wand to show her he could do the levitation spell which Professor Flitwick had taught them on their very first lesson. Once Adam and John has been sent to sit down by McGonagall, she then went on to ask both of them if they knew the whereabouts of Septimus Lupin. "I had to ask, as you are his close friends," Minerva told the boys. "you, Mister Black, were one of the last to see him." Both Darren and Julian shook their heads. "Then I can tell you that, wherever he is, Septimus is in the company of the headmaster of this school. Severus Snape, the most gifted, most talented wizard. We are welcoming back the non-wizards, and yes, I did say Severus Snape, for he is no longer your headmaster for the time being." And here, thought Julian as the Minister for Magic addressed them, was Professor Snape's headmaster, somewhere up there. A few of new teachers caught his eye as he looked around to try establish which of the three it was, including Huggy Bear and Longbottom, although it was his friend that Professor Longbottom was happy to see returned. "As you all know, to a greater or lesser extent," began Caelius Lupin, looking as if he had aged a decade in a fortnight, "that recent events in the country over the holiday period have been distressing and dark times. Our island has faced many threats over the millennia, war, conflict, invasion. And yet, the people of this land, have yet to face adversity with anything other than stoicism, courage and fortitude." He surveyed the students – some of them whom he had considered would not return, how ill they had been in the last term. There were even some new students, whose parents had decided it an excellent education and had been impressed with news of it from non-wizards student autumn term. There were some further, from wizard families who were protesting to the admission of non-wizards by boycotting Hedgewards, but that didn't amount to many; those who had not come back in September had been sent to either Beauxbatons or were being educated at home while their child was considered for a place at the Durmstrang. " - I don't know about you, and I know mum and his mum were fighting against the conjurism, but, well...Fraser Blewitt...?" He glanced across to the second table over from them, to the places nearer the front occupied by Fraser and Henry Swales. "...I know..." replied Julian, the conversation bypassing Rufus, as usual, who was adjusting the dials on his radio, having thanked him profusely for what was perhaps the hundredth time; the power to the machine being off no deterrent to him. "The non-wizards," said Caelius, moving his hand towards the tables, "have returned to you. We are a united school. Despite incidents during the holiday time, we are as strong as ever we were. We are a proud nation, one of inclusion, tolerance, fairness to all – by being here, non-wizards are pioneers in education, and by being accepted, you all are demonstrating the spirit on which our country was born." "Hardly," whispered Darren, who rarely had an opinion. "Mum said there has always been fighting between wizards and non-wizards, all the way through history. It's because both lots of people want different things and they find it hard to see each others' points of view." "By returning to Hedgwards, I welcome you to a new year, and, yes, to a new decade. 2010 promises to be one of excitement, opportunity and excellence, and I know you will face it with courage, determination and temerity. So," he nodded to the table of staff, McGonagall still there, as was Grocott for potions, Flitwick for levitation, the ghost Binns for History/History of Magic. "So, there is just one thing left for me to do. I introduce you to your new headmaster, who will be your teacher for Defence Against the Dark Arts/Practical Defence in place of Professor Snape who is, temporarily, indisposed. He will also be teaching you practically in this subject, in order to prepare you for your lives in what are, at the present moment, uncertain times." He nodded towards the students slowly. "The Dark Arts has been practised against both wizards and non-wizards in centuries gone, by those wishing to exert their influence over others, in the form of earth magic, hedge magic, which led to power and control over the weak and the vulnerable. Though those days have gone, there are some in this world who would have this back again." "Conjurists!" shouted someone from the direction of Ravenclaw. As Julian raised his head to look at Fraser Blewitt again, he turned to look at Darren's ear when he realised Ariella was watching him. "Indeed so. It is my pleasure to announce to you your teacher for this new aspect of your subject, as well as your new headmaster - " "That's who he is! He doesn't look much older than Sam Potter!" "Lindvald Halen!" Applause filled the room as the young wizard smiled at his new charges. He thanked Caelius Lupin for the kind introduction before looking around at the students. "Welcome, welcome all back to school, all of you. As headmaster, I wish to stress that my expectations you are no less than those of your previous headmaster. Indeed, Professor Snape is a wizard who I hold in high regard. He was once a student, like you, sitting at a table listening to a headmaster discuss challenge, expectations and quality in academic achievements, and he grew and flourished, becoming one of the most celebrated potion makers of all time." He turned his head to each table as he spoke, looking up and down the rows. "But it is much more than that. To motto, Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus" I add another: "Sine Honore Nihil." Nothing without honour, nothing without conscience. Keep these words close to you for, some day, we all may tickle a sleeping dragon, and we must know that, however we deal with the consequences never make it without honour, being true to yourselves, your houses, your school, your families and, as the minister has already discussed, your country in its time of uncertainly and difficultly. May we all make the right choices, for the good of us all, and trust those who make decisions on our behalf do the same for us." He glanced across to the Minister for Magic, then nodded briefly. "Now, on a matter close to the hearts of many here," Lindvald continued, running his long fingers through his chestnut-brown hair, alongside quidditch this term - " at this several of the Gryffindor players, Justine Grey, Belle Howard, Arthur Mulligan, Andrew Fletcher and Robbie Reynolds cheered, "- we have decided to introduce quibball to be played on alternate weekends. A separate training programme has been devised. Those students looking to captain their houses as well as wishing to contribute to developing the game further should apply in writing to their Heads of House. And now," he concluded, waving his hand aloft, "let the feast begin!" "Yeah," commented Rufus, as he looked at the power sockets that the radio had around its plastic body, frowning. "Mum was so pleased she could introduce quibball from Hedgewards she has so many more plans for wizard/non-wizard sports." "C'mon, Ruf," nudged Darren, as he tucked keenly into the food. "That can wait 'til you've had your food." "It's getting really popular, isn't it?" said Julian, as he picked up some chicken from a nearby platter. "There was some reporting in the news about it over the holidays, and on the Internet and the radio. The reporters are in agreement that it's an excellent sport." "It's been on the pensieves too, especially after the attacks at Wembley, after Bannerman and Quatley's defection across. There;s been lots of footballers who have moved too, one from Aston Villa. Even some of the wizard children opposite us were acting out what they thought the football part was." Darren the sportswise speared a pork pie with his fork. "It's an excellent opportunity for something new, teams are forming and making up their own rules, using any spare time they had modifying pitches and local parks so people so play." And, once dinner had finished, and they were back in the common room, the friends, or rather, Darren and Julian, began to talk as Rufus took a screwdriver to the back casing of the radio before staring at the microchips with it. "I'm just wishing Septimus was with us, that's all," said Julian quietly. "It doesn't seem quite right, you know, without him. "And his mum was coming back, too." "You know that she didn't, right?" When Julian shook his head, his fork halfway to his mouth as his eyes widened. "She didn't – she never made it to Grimmauld Place," confirmed Darren, in hushed tones. And, I tell you who else turned up – " his voice dropped again as Ariella Blewitt got up and began to walk in their direction. Julian's face was trying to urge the end of the sentence, but his features changed when Ariella got closer, into a beaming smile. "Tell you later!" hissed Darren, staring at the girl, which didn't seem to phase her at all. "Julian?" "Hi, Ariella, good Christmas?" "Yes," she nodded. Then the conversation stopped. I'm going to the greenhouses," said Rufus, filling the awkward silence in his characteristic unrelated-to-the-previous discussion way. "I want to test out the radio with the jasmines and the pines, see if the radio waves have any effect on them. Coming?" "Yes," replied Julian and Darren at once. To hang out unperturbed by the presence of teachers – Professor Longbottom didn't count – would be excellent. "Coming?" asked Julian of Ariella. Darren raised his eyebrows, but said nothing. The girl was a little annoying, but seemed to like them. "I am sorry about Septimus," said Ariella, when they had got to Greenhouse Number 4. "I was shocked to hear what had happened on Christmas night. When we arrived to meet mum, it was quite busy. But it looked like the Reciprocators were doing their bit." "He is safe, at least," said Julian, as Rufus got the door open and used his wand as a light. He showed her their friend finder. Ariella opened her mouth, wonderingly. "We all have one, thanks to Rufus," said Darren, holding the door open. "It it tells you how we all are – it's a bit like those old-fashioned family clocks some old wizard houses still have and - " he broke off as he realiedd what the girl had said, "you went to Grimmauld Place?" "Me...Dad...Fraser…" "Wow!" "They've given up anything to do with conjurism," explained Ariella, that's what I came to tell you. "I've disbanded the anti CCs – I knew mum would convince them, eventually. And besides, there are loads of wizards who have declared that they are turning towards inclusivity and multi-societism." "So we've no need to keep drawing back on our anti-CC symbols," asked Darren, his having rubbed off almost immediately and who hadn't bothered in any case. "You can if you like," said Ariella, "but it's more that we keep on fighting conjurism when we see it, rather than go looking for it. I am so proud of Dad, and Fraser, and Uncle Mark too," she exuded, "they burned heir copies of "Art of the Wize" in the garden once the trial was over. Mum says that it was all too much for them and they realised it wasn't just a silly hobby." "Ah!" exclaimed Rufus loudly, as he found his beloved plants that he had unhappily left behind on Christmas Eve. Then, in a much softer tone, looking them over, stroking their leaves and talking to them, pure love in his voice, "Let's see what you've been up to then?" 88888888 Without her watchstone, Ragnhild knew, the only was the way down, to madness. In her cold, dark classroom in the middle of the Durmstrang Institute Ragnhild Andersson stirred the stew she had decided to make with some of her provisions over a warm flames in her fireplace. As she stirred, inhaling the comforting odours and anticipating the taste her mind mulled over the future – not one of someone else, but her own. How would that feel? Would she even know that she was mad? It had been nearly three weeks since Cecilia and Lindvald Halen had departed Durmstrang's hall and she had disappeared, her watchstone too. Yet, to some extent, its absence made Ragnhild feel that an unimaginable burden was seemingly lifted from her. She had slipped away from the ball that night and to her room without much of a word – not that much of a word was ever to be had between staff and between pupils at Durmstrang. So she had got on with it, working with a few individual students who had come, with ice forming on the inside of the walls as she taught them, the ink freezing in the wells and being warmed by the glow of their wands. How would it be? Because at the moment she felt quite well, as if a great heaviness had been lifted from her chest. Maybe this was the start – maybe it had already begun. But, Ragnhild though to herself, as she served the stew into a wooden bowl, she would carry on – it wouldn't be for long in any case: Caelius Lupin had already contacted her to enquire about Cecilia's whereabouts and she had had to tell him she was gone. No, it wouldn't be for long. Already there were cracks, cracks appearing between, well, magical areas. Had it been happening in Iceland...? Would Crystallia have noticed it like she, Ragnhild, had? How she missed her daughter. How she would be with her, if she could. But this was the fate of a Narratoveritium. When she had kissed her daughter goodbye, seven years before, at platform eight and seven eighths, she knew it would be the last time The last, pleasant time, at least. And the ironic thing was, the wizard who had also left the night Cecilia had been taken would be in charge of her daughter's care Albeit temporarily. For things were not going to be the same now, and somehow she, Ragnhild, would have to survive it the best that she could. She could switch allegiances – this would save her. However it would doom her daughter. And she couldn't rely on Caelius Lupin helping her, even if he promised he would. Taking up her bowl, and leaving her classroom, Ragnhild made her way down the corridor and, pushing open a door, paced across the large flagstones of Cecilia's classroom, until she was sitting in a bench beside the fireplace, flicking her hand and igniting a small fire in the hearth. Time had passed so quickly since she had seen Gellert Grindelwald take her from the entrance hall of the school on Christmas Eve. She had tried to run, tried to stop him, even now not knowing whether it was her friend's abduction or the loss of her watchstone that she was trying to prevent. Ragnhild's inner voice was kind to her – she was probably running for both. But she succeeded in neither. Wolfgang Broeck had handed her lifeline to the true headmaster of Durmstrang before he disapparated with Cecilia Lupin. Taking a sip, although not tasting anything of her stew, Ragnhild wondered whether she would even feel it. Would there be pain? Would she know that her body's endocrine system would become out of equilibrium and overwhelm her physiological workings? Who knew. She could just carry on, she must just carry on. Maybe here, away from people, she wouldn't know about it very much. 88888888 It was just as her beloved Severus had hypothesised, long into the night that they had talked years, long years, ago and she had known with some information, predicted to some extent, the memories she would see. But here, in the wasteland of Iceland, an island strongly bound to life as well as death, and here he was, the man behind her. It was here he had begun, where he had, like the Norse travellers of a thousand years ago, sought a new land. The memories had accreted here, joined and linked. If she were superstitious she could think it was luck; if she were a conspiracy theorist then she would believe something or someone had assembled the memories just for her to find. But Tabitha Penwright knew that, in this place, these memories had no form or being – in reality memories had no dimensions or essence- but it was her mere presence that was giving them existence. And right now this one exuded coldness and dullness and, in a few hours, the Northern lights. Just beyond her, in the memory, was an overhanging rock, seabirds lining its outer crags. It was hard to know the date, judging by the landscape – Iceland had barely changed since Norwegian habitation, although there did not appear, from Tabitha's vantage point, any modern-day lighting or amenities. No roads, for that matter. So she was here then, in Iceland. So soon? It seemed like only ten minutes ago that she had seen the last of Gregor's face, impassive as she left the living world, and found the first memory, one connected to- - a wind blew across the open landscape, low ground with few tall natural features carrying the air in a wide-ranging field – its connection to the other memory was no mere coincidence: memories connected to one another in this place, like bubbles, like cloud formations - Herpo the Foul was not part of Iceland's story – his had been in the interlinked one which Tabitha had seen connect to this by a memory-tendril - by contrast his memory's climate had been humid and warm, and existing, with a turul-bird sitting on a rock near his home, presumably, five hundred years before R...yes, there was not doubt about it... ...Tabitha stepped carefully upon the icy rock as she made her way towards the ridge – five hundred years before – the man who had found the only source of iron-aluminium-silicon oxide mineral was there, of that she knew, and a whole line of witches would be able to trace their ancestry to him, the man who sought to hide the immortality six hundred years ago Iceland was just an island of Norse descendants living off whale and fish, communications with Irish, Scots, Shetland Islanders, Faroe Islanders...he wouldn't hide for long, or rather, he wouldn't have been able to...but it would be enough, for his time, at least. Into the gloom Tabitha trod, and was surprised at the warmth the cave beneath the overhanging rock contained and, too, the light. Light irradiated the interior of the rock, its angled, translucent facets glowing like precious stone. And, of course, it was precious to... - "Miss Tabitha Penwright. Is it really that time?" A face smiled weakly from the back of the cavern. He went by any number of names of course, but there was only one for the here that mattered and she nodded in confirmation and smiled again. It was a long time since...since she hadn't seen him before yet. "Well, I knew it would be soon," Nicholas Flamel, young in years but with a position, holding into the rock face with one hand, seeming to draw life from it. "Is it today, Tabitha Penwright? Come in, come in. Where shall we start?" 88888888 It had not taken Hermione long to be back at work – indeed, despatches had been sent to her over her supposed holiday and Harry had not had it in his heart to ask her not to. Besides, it had been as much of a shock to her, the events of Boxing Day, as much as him, and throwing herself into work was a salve. He had interest in what she was doing too, for he had been back at the historical records, searching for Auld Magic references, not for triangulation back with Felix Felixssohn's book, but back because of "The Right of Wizard" petition. Now, the weekend after New Year, and both had work to do. It had been a little exciting, Harry had to admit, pursued Severus Snape and Septimus Lupin for a couple of days using a tracking spell, which Hermione had overlooked registering at Strasbourg had led them in pursuit of the wizard and boy, until all three of them had decided it was crazy: they couldn't spend all their time following them. Besides, Hermione had a mountain of legal work to do, with the "The Right of Wizard" petition hearing looming. Conjurist petition, more to the point. They had tracked them to the south coast of England, following the boy, walking, and the wizard, striding, with no attempt to conceal themselves. Then, having taken a ferry from Poole to Cherbourg, eating sandwiches as they sat on the public seating on a turbulent, overnight crossing the three friends followed as the two travellers continued their journey. They seem to be heading south, in France and, Hermione had said, when she had returned, having placed a stealth sensoring spell on both of them, despite both Severus and Septimus were not under cover, and was able to track them through her PP, a sort of global positioning system. "They're just at the northern border of Aquitaine," said Hermione, picking her head put of a blue cloud which had projected out of the PP. "I wonder where they are going?" "France," said Ron, picking up an apple from the worktop bowl, biting into it. "Very insightful," said Hermione, rolling her eyes as she closed the top of the portable pensieve, causing the blue glow to disappear. "Why did he just go off, though?" asked Harry, opening the "Daily Prophet" and noting the article by Anaxagoras Tring, Head of Non-wizard Liaison, praising the good work that the NWRs were doing in repairing community relations. "I mean, I can understand that he stormed off when he heard what my mum said, bloody hell, I almost did, and I wonder how Sam managed to stay. But that they are on the continent now means there is something planned. Plus, Hedgewards is without a headmaster." Hermione looked at her fiance, eyes wide. "Oh? Didn't you know? The headmaster change was planned in any case; Caelius sent a memorandum to Draco Malfoy, which I had filed. I thought that he must have shared it with the Reciprocators. "Who?" "Don't know. But, I bet it will be someone from the Ministry. Mick Mullen, perhaps? But, someone knew Severus Snape would not see in the spring term. I expect we'll find out, at some stage. It is the "Rights of Wizard" petition that's taking Draco's time now; he's taking it seriously." "As is Caelius. I have had to fill in for mum, now; I'm reassigned. Which means I have history of magic and legal research to carry out now. But it's better than being not busy; I'll get more money towards the wedding." Although, thought towards the wedding, although how that would even look since, well, Christmas, that was difficult. How would their wedding, in four months' time actually be? To his friends, he added, "I wonder if it's anything to do with those screeching books – Snape took them with him." "And my bag," said Hermione, stiffly. "I liked that bag." "I'm just saying," said Harry, putting down the newspaper and, folding it, put it on the third-hand coffee table. "I have this feeling that something about them, and Septimus's disappearance with Snape are connected." "Did you see Sam?" asked Hermione, changing the subject. "With Dad. Mum is spending a lot of time with Remus Lupin. He's still unconscious," he added. "When I was round at Grimmauld Place, they were both there, with Sirius and Frey-" Harry broke off, looking guiltily at Ron. "Oh, don't mind me, mate," said Ron, stiffly. "I'm over her; I've moved on. She was too young for me anyway." He threw the apple core into the air, so quickly that he had eaten the apple, and thrown it into the direction of the bin. "Score!" he shouted, having hit the target. Harry smiled. "See you later for the quibball?" "Yes," nodded Harry, getting to his feet. "I have a lot to get through this afternoon; I managed to get all I could from Godric's Hollow." He looked at his kitchen table which, for once, did not contain the manuscripts, journals and documents of Cecilia Lupin, but yeah, seven thirty?" "OK," agreed Ron, then disapparated. "You didn't tell me about Sam," said Hermione, getting up from the living room and coming over to stand by him. "How is he?" She leaned past him and switched ion the kettle. "He seemed fine. He was getting his things together to go to Kings' Cross; he was in a great hurry." "I would be, if I were meeting Crytallia," said Hermione, smiling. "They are good for one another." She leaned back and looked at the table on which rested Harry's work for the afternoon. "What have you discerned, so far?" "With these?" asked Harry, looking at the front cover, then turning over the original copy of "Art of the Wize". "I can only say what I said before, and what mum said before me: nowhere in this original copy does Felix's father, Mendel Felixssohn – " he looked at the faded name on the cover, written in Gothic script, " - well, this original does not exactly tally with what the conjurists are saying they believe, or what they claim in their proclamation." He looked over to his fiancee. "Do you think these will help the defence?" "Perhaps," said Hermione. "Caelius will provide what he sees fit." "Then I shall ensure he knows about this – whatever mum decided to share I don't know; I'm taking this as a new assignment." He looked at the books again, and then pulled out some notes. "These were done by Henrietta," said Harry, as Hermione gasped a little, eyes wide at her former superior when she had begun at Strasbourg, "when they were working together. Here is something, but I do not think it is of much use." Hermione, responding to the "click" of the kettle, made the tea, and then leaned forward, passing Harry his, then moved the first page nearer to her, pulling a page nearer. "May I?" Harry nodded. "From what I have read," said Harry, as Hermione read the parchments, "it seems that mum and Henrietta have put together information linking the Universal Link to Auld Magic. That is, there is a magical instinct in the brain, a neurological connection which changes to accommodate magic." " "It's easy when a wizard is young and the advantage of training is that it will more easily accommodate the magic -" " Hermione read, nodding. ""It is easy when young and difficult when old. If a child is left alone with no training, he may develop it, but the neurones will accommodate magic much less efficiently. Those with a little magic and have not trained never will have the chance to learn will never master magic." Harry! It seems like this is a blueprint for - " " - non-wizards at Hedgewards," Harry sat down next to her, looking at her enlivened face. "I know. I've read this before. Mum had done a lot, already. And with Henrietta." Hermione was still staring at him. "Harry! Do you think that Henrietta was...wasn't a conjurist?" Light was in her eyes, light which he hadn't seen in her eyes since she originally got the job in Strasbourg in July. "Because... because..." Hermione looked at the papers again. "Someone who was a conjurist wouldn't have - couldn't have – written this!" Harry looked at her, and then back at the papers. "Who knows, Hermione? There was evidence enough for the Witan to declare it to be true. But, unless we can find out for sure, yes, I agree with you. The author of this shows their understanding, and insight. Not the usual qualities of a conjurist." But Hermione didn't seem to be listening to him; instead she was running her fingers over the letters on a page. Then she read, " "but all people have the potential, even miniscule, that can metabolise even the smallest amount of energy and make magic work for them ." Which makes the whole idea of a them and us a fallacy, Harry! All energy is magic but it just depends on who can access it." Her face was alight again. "But all matter is energy too, so all matter is magical; it responds to spells, that's why spell developers must take into account background energy – Harry, don't you see? It matters where you are in the world; that's why different countries have their own spells, and if you visit, yours may not work. Background energy is important to the efficacy of spells." She leaned back, running her fingers through her hair. "But our spells are so old these have been accounted for in posture, voice intonation and why some spells work better than others: it's to do with practise. And how we stand to command the spells, as we teach the students, how we intone them, its not just part of an act - it is essential for exacting the spell we need." Hermione leafed through the rest of the pages. She cites Tabitha; she cites me! She cites Mendel Felixssohn's "Art of the Wize " and a wizard from Durmstrang, Lindvald Halen. Do you know of such a wizard, Harry?" Harry shook his head. "I willl look into it," said Harry, looking at his fiancee again. How is it that her own natural ability could astonish him so much? "Because this...all of this, not new work, but this work already done, will need to be heard at the Petition hearing in Strasbourg." "Well," said Hermione. "That should save you some time. And I'll look forward to you reading my work, now everything you were going to do is already here. Wow! Wouldn't Severus have liked to have read this." "Yes," agreed Harry. "He would. It seems to tie in with Mrs Frobisher's books. I'll get on with the household jobs, and you can get on with your work in peace." And I can re-read all of this and see if it still makes sense a second time round. As Hermione bent to her own work and Harry tidied up the living room and upstairs, he ran over the work again. All of the others he knew, of course, Hermione. Severus. Tabitha Penwright, even. Henrietta came across as a self-centred woman who spent too much time on her own interests, with events happening to her advantage, her advantage being her own interests, but these notes, unissued, unreported, showed an opposite side. Caelius has already motioned the UK's position when it came to the hearing, due in March, but it was the law the non-wizard government put in place for upholding the rights of conjurists, wizards historical rights, personal safety and public responsibility that led the way. The non-wizards had ensured the right to freedom to practise - they argue this as right for a fair trial, right for their point to be heard, and that the existence of such a law, rather than protecting the rights of people now has been brought to absolve non wizards of atrocities in history against wizards, and by introducing the law amounts to an admission of guilt. Picking up the linen basket, Harry began to sort it, ready for hanging. Draco has to be fair, but he was no fool. There are more non-wizards in the whole of Europe than wizards. It was that book again - Arrt of the Wize. Ha! As Hermione said, we might as well try to sue modern-day Denmark and Norway for the Viking invasions...or Italy for the atrocities of the Romans. "But, it must be heard, Harry!" shouted up Hermione, as Harry balled up socks. "I wish you wouldn't use legillimency on me, my love," Harry shouted back down, and then, putting down the washing, went downstairs to her. "You could just talk to me. Anyway, isn't that exactly what the conjurists want?" Hermione smiled at her fiance. "They know it's ludicrous - the point is, by airing it keeps their cause alive and airs it again for a fresh audience. Won't we see more attacks on non-wizards now...that is an incentive for hatred...but whoever was behind this knows that legislation is far more powerful than actual might." "And in the meantime? Dad hates staying at Grimmauld Place, knowing that Sirius had known about mum and Remus, but he is the Head of the Reciprocators. He talks about keeping track of both what's left of the Reciprocators and the non-wizarding reciprocators. He complains mum's being unreasonable. I know he wants to complain about Sirius too, but he'll have nowhere to go if he does. And besides, Sirius hasn't done anything that wrong." Hermione put down her work, taking his shoulders in her hands and guided him towards the settee. "Come on, lets look at these books again. The least we can do is help this boy and Severus – the genius that is Severus Snape arranged for Mrs Lupin's work to be transferred into those which you stored for him for months without knowing it. Perhaps he also arranged for them to be going?" "One of those books was "The Boy who Never Was," Hermione," said Harry, pointedly, taking her hand. "Do you believe that it has something to do with you?" "I don't know. I..." "What?" "Cecilia Lupin. What has happened to her?" "Well," said Hermione, slowly. "She was supposed to come to the Boxing Day party, but could not as she was not collected by Caelius because she never arrived." "Caelius has sent people out to Durmstrang to look for her," added Harry. "Well? She must be somewhere; she can't have just disappeared." "She appeared, once before," said Harry, slowly. "What?" "She appeared. Out of nowhere, one day. So, that book she wrote, naming the character after me; she got together with Remus Lupin, had Septimus..." Suddenly, Harry stared at Hermione. "Aberforth Dumbledore accepted her so easily into the Reciprocators, ad it caused mum and Henrietta to resent her." "Well, what are you saying?" "Don't you see? One day she wasn't here and the next she was." "But," said Hermione, "what do you mean?" There was a long silence, where Harry continued to look at Hermione, but then looked away. "I er…mum asked me, er, to look into it…her…when I was in the Auror office. Now I realise why," he replied, pinking a little. "Of course why, now. I found…no record of her, not at Edgeford, where she claimed she had lived, not in Warshaw, where she said she was born. No birth certificate, no school or medical records...she is a mystery. I never told mum, though. I told her I couldn't find anything out." "But Caelius is looking for her…she's married to his brother…she has a son…" "Who has gone off, too. Then there's those books which we gave to Snape, all seems too much of a coincidence to me, Hermione." "Ok? Ok," said Hermione, at length. "Well, what is there to do? What do we do?" "There's not a lot we can do, I don't think." Harry looked back at Hermione, her eyes full of concern. "Just let things happen? Go to Caelius Lupin and confront him? You know he will not tell us anything especially if there is something up. And if there is, he'll be alerted to the fact we know." Hermione leaned over and nestled into Harry's shoulder. He put an arm over her and cuddled her in. "It is beyond our control, Hermione," said Harry, softly. "What is happening has very little to do with us." Or, he thought, just a moment later, perhaps entirely to do with us. "I heard that," said Hermione, quietly, closing her eyes. 88888888 The new headmaster of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry watched as Severus Snape and Caelius Lupin crossed into France's western region before moving his hand across the fire in the hearth. Shuffling in the pictures behind indicated the past headteachers of Hedgewards were interested in the present incumbent's interest as he then attempted a connection to Caelius. On the perch at the back of the office, a chip-chipping noise drew his attention and he lowered his hand, turning. Severus Snape had left his ice-phoenix, far from his home in Iceland: it was solidifying, and in a few moments it would transform. A cloud of tiny ice shards, a crumble and the bird pulverised, leaving behind a pile of ice powder. He watched as, after a moment, the powder coalesced, and a tiny, blue-white ice-egg formed in the nest on the perch. For someone who was never educated in a school, Lindvald Halen felt he had spent a long time as an adult in one. Hedgewards was very different to Durmstrang; to Beauxbatons, that mediaeval castle on the coast of France as well – the children were very different. Despite their differences, the headteacher considered, as he held his hand over the cracking ice-phoenix egg as it hatched, Lindvald Halen felt that nevertheless, they would get on very well together. 88888888
"How far did you think you would get, on your own, a boy of 11?" At another deserted farmhouse in the French countryside a fortnight after Boxing Day Severus Snape had raised his wand at sunrise and had placed an "imperturbability" spell, lighting an smokeless fire in the hearth before apparating some food. It had been a long time since Septimus had had real food – he and Snape had subsisted on sandwiches and sausage rolls as they used the cover of darkness to fly between places that his headmaster had determined were uninhabited. As the child began to tuck in, with some eagerness, into his food Snape's hand curled around the Veritaserum potion which he knew Septimus would need again and looked around at the décor. The farmhouse, once clearly the heart of someone's family life – pictures still hung on the walls; curtains had been lovingly handmade – was now abandoned. Broken furniture lay around them, and the bedsteads, above in a platform near the roof, were beyond use. Not that it mattered to Snape; he would, as he had done since their departure on Boxing Day, apparate more furniture to keep them comfortable as they slept and keep the fire going overnight so that neither of them would freeze. He had done this since the beginning. France was a big country, Septimus was realising, and its scenery mile after mile, morning after morning, was not much different. "I, I don't know, sir," Septimus replied as, for once, Snape has decided that a cooked meal was in order and he tucked keenly into the warming stew of his headmaster's own recipe. He had also chosen to have a conversation with Septimus, something that the boy was astonished about and he chose to reply honestly. "I was actually very angry." "Angry?" "About everything," Septimus explained, blowing on the vegetables which were incredibly hot, trying not to burn his mouth, "about dad still being ill; about mum on her way, but then disappearing. About Mrs Potter. " "Yes, angry," Snape echoed. "And you think the answer to your anger is to run off from your guardians?" "I - " Septimus stopped. He didn't know what he would have done, if truth be told. If Snape had not caught up with him, would he have got this far into France on his own? Would he still be alive? "Mum used to let me go down to the shops when I was eight. I went to the city sometimes on the train and the bus when I was nine." "I am not questioning your ability to be able to get to the Beauxbatons Academy," Snape replied evenly, "but this country is fraught with danger: all of Europe is – Britain too. There are some wizards who would delight in finding a young wizard child alone." "Conjurists." "Yes," admitted Snape, helping himself to a second bowl. "But, aren't they supposed to abide by the law?" "Have you abided by the law?" Septimus felt his confidence fall. He hadn't, of course. And conjurists seemed to be the least law-abiding wizards of the lot. "So, if you don't abide by it, what makes you think that a group of wizards with extreme views will? Our government is failing, Septimus, yes, failing," he added, as the young boy shot his head round to look at his headmaster. "Your uncle could not manage to keep the peace, with or without the help of the non-wizards; he has sent the homing bees - time flies - to follow you, not that it has done much good to them; the European Government is just about to tie itself in knots with the legal challenge: a legal Declaration of Wizards' Rights. Distractions on this scale leave voids, spaces where their minds cannot be occupied, and these voids are filled with all manner of evil – poor judgement; imposition of will on others; scapegoating; manipulation. It is unfortunate that these human characteristics are the ones which are first to arise." "Time flies?" asked Septimus, the most he had gleaned from Snape's monologue. "You can't have failed to notice the little cloud of insect-like things which have been following us?" "Oh that's what they are: time flies? Homing bees?" "Both," repeated Severus. "They were designed to track escapee prisoners: time flies when you're having fun, or so the saying goes. But, at Azkaban it goes, "time flies when you're on the run." They fell to silence at this as the weak sunrise suggested the beginning of the day. Fourteen days and Septimus and Severus had not talked like this. Up til then the ex-headmaster had gone along with Septimus's idea of getting to the French wizarding school and had been at pains to make sure they remained concealed. Now, fifty miles away from the French coast, in the area of mostly deserted plain that had once been home to people who had farmed the land Severus Snape had begun to ask searching questions. "Headmaster," said Septimus, once he had finished his food. "Am I wrong in doing this?" "Do you feel wrong in doing this?" No, Septimus thought immediately, as Snape cleared away the breakfast things (or were they the dinner things?) "Where is mum, Professor? I'll find her," he added, determinedly. "I need answers!" At this Snape turned in the process using a spell to make up two beds in the loft above, lowering his wand and looking at his young charge. "Do you remember a witch by the name of Miss Penwright?" Septimus nodded, thinking of the pale-faced woman he had once seen with Snape at one of the Reciprocator meetings. She worked in the Ministry. "She worked with my Uncle." "Listen very carefully when I tell you this," Snape growled, wheeling round to Septmus. "Your mother was foolish enough to write a book when she had come...just before you were born. Do you remember it?" "The Story that Never Was," clarified Septimus, weakly. Suddenly the simple task of finding a wizard in France seemed to be getting rather complicated. "Your mother is an exceptionally gifted non-wizard and, in her absence from you at Durmstrang, has been able to aid not only your father's recovery but also work towards fighting the darkness that confronts us every day. You see, our enemy will not out and out fight us, not like in the old days of wizardry. Our enemy, the conjurists, the wizards who control the conjurists are exceptionally intelligent. They have chosen to fight us here." Snape tapped the side of his head as he leaned against the inner planks that made up the roof. Dust and splinters fell around him. "In our minds?" asked Septimus, looking hopeful. Snape sank down onto the larger bed. "In our day-to-day world, through legislation with unintended consequences, through rumour and public influence. And yes, through our minds. They seek to divide us, divide non-wizards and wizards, to divide wizards and wizards. But yet, the prize they seek is out of this world, so to speak. That is where Miss Penwright's work comes in." "Professor," said Septimus, not following Snape up to the farmhouse's loft, where they were to sleep until evening and they could continue west again, "what is Miss Penwright's work? And how does my mother fit into all of this?" "When I say that it is out of this world, it is what I mean...it exists…in a different plane of reality, a different place divided by dimensions that are not of our time, nor theirs. It is where thoughts and memories are housed as and exist, well, physically, like a dimension all to themselves. Time flows differently, if it flows at all. It is through this that the great and powerful, terrible and awe-inspiring wizards target, and unfortunately, through with good intentions, your mother wrote about this place." Septimus felt his mouth fall open. "Wow!" He exclaimed. "I don't really understand what you mean, but seems - " "Incredible," said Snape. "Yes. And, if I am honest, I don't fully understand what it means. It takes a certain wizard to begin to understand it, let alone work with it." "And mum wrote a book about it?" "She didn't know that it was that plane of existence she was writing about," Snape clarified. "Does Uncle Kay know?" Severus Snape didn't answer for a moment, as he thought of the Minister for Magic, and his role in this all. "Yes, Septimus. He certainly does. And he has it under control, there is no doubt about that, or at least, he thinks he does. But it is that place that the wizards who we believe have taken your mother want to exploit, to control, to manipulate. By taking Cecilia, they believe that she will be able to help them, Unfortunately, I suspect that she knows far less than they believe." "And what happens when they find out?" Snape did not reply at once. Instead, climbing the rickety ladder which led up to the hay loft, he turned and added over his shoulder, "That is not something about which I would like to speculate. However, your visit to Constantin, to find out the answers you seek may turn out to be advantageous both to your mother's as well as your father's situations. Injuring two nifflers with one well-stuffed money bag, so to speak." "Is this..." asked Septimus, sitting on the bed, his shoulders flopping down. "Is this why I have not been brought home? 'Cos I know Uncle Kay could do it, if he wanted." "Let's just say your visit to Beauxbatons will answer questions beyond the wizard Constantin and his ability to make a vampire cure." There was silence again. In the morning sunlight, which was growing stronger and beating down through the gaps in the ceiling. Snape swung himself, fully clothed onto his bed and closed his eyes. "I heard Dad say something to Sirius once," said Septimus, climbing up behind headmaster. "He said that she was the biggest mistake he had ever made and he wished she had never ruined his life. Does my dad hate mum?" "Sirius has strong views on many things, including your mother, and it does not mean Remus was right." Snape's eyes remained closed and he spoke to the ceiling. "If mum and dad not been together, I would not be born. I owe it to them." "Yes, indeed." Snape did not expand on this but Septimus looked as if he needed an explanation to such a wretched situation, something which had clearly been on his mind for some time. "If your mum and dad had not been together you would not have been born, that is quite right., But they were, and so here you are. Septimus," he continued, sitting down on the temporary bed, "are you still happy with the choice you made? There is always time to change the path you are taking." "If I go back, and do nothing, then I cannot help them." "You know that you suffer lycanthropy, and yet neither Remus Lupin nor Cecilia Lupin are werewolves?" "Yes, I had wondered, ever since you told me, headmaster," Septimus admitted. "The man you call your father is not your father, biologically speaking." "Remus Lupin is not my father?" "Remus Lupin is your father," Snape replied. "It is a complicated situation and it all comes from Cecilia Lupin's connection with the other plane of existence, something which has nothing to do with the world in which we live." "Like, heaven?" "Like quantum physics. We are in the universe, correct?" Septimus nodded, sitting down on the bed that Snape had counjured for him. "How do you know?" "We are here," he said. "This is earth. It's a big rock falling through space around the sun, which is a star. It has gravity and speed and plants and elements on it." "That's science, yes," nodded Snape. "Go on." "And we exist, and we think, and wizards change energy into spells, and non-wizards can't." "And, you can think these things, Septimus. So, what are thoughts? How do they exist?" "Well, they..." He tailed off. Thoughts. How do they exist? Mum had gone through these things with him, scientific ideas. Thoughts were electrochemical processes in the brain. But what caused them? And they certainly existed, or else how did humans make decisions about things? "There is the plane of reality hidden to us. Wizards capture thoughts and can suspend them in that place, a place which has no name. A place, until recently, no-one thought a human could go. And darling Tabitha proved us all wrong. But your mother made a grave error, an error which has cost her her liberty. Yes, she was encouraged to do so by Aberforth Dumbledore. You know who he is, do you not?" "Yes," said Septimus weakly, his own thoughts now disparate in his mind where, not an hour before, they were crystallised into a sharp point which pointed in the direction of Beauxbatons and Constantin the vampire researcher. And now Remus Lupin both was and wasn't his father at the same time. "Yes, your parentage is complicated, and one day you will find the answer you seek. But there are more pressing matters." Snape opened his eyes, stood up, cracking his head on the beams of the farmhouse roof and doing his best not to swear, opening his cloak and pulling out a book, and then another, and then a pile of parchments, and then more papers, another book and a ream of paper, the left-hand -side of the cloak acting as an area where the dimensions of objects could be reduced to thousands of times larger or, in this case, smaller. The screaming was deafening but Snape "silencio'd" it within a few seconds. "Your mother's research, abandoned, of course, on her abduction. What do you notice about it?" Septimus peered down onto the pages, her mother's untidy lettered words staring back at him. And then, before his eyes, something else appeared. "It's being written!" "Yes. Can you not guess by whom?" Septimus peered down. A trail of words were making their way across the page, like black tiny bubbles popping on the surface of a cream-coloured pond in her uneven hand. "Mum? These are hers? She's alive?" "Indeed. And, wherever she is, she is stirring up memories, as she had done with all the work she had produced for your uncle, Septimus, and those memories are being recorded here. I even have the best she and Lindvald Halen produced in Remus Lupin's cure." He withdrew another paper, this one rolled up tidily in s thin tube and sealed with a red "Durmstrang" seal. Septimus craned over to see, reading words which were very long and complicated, scientific words, he was sure. Medical words, perhaps. He looked up at Snape. "Constantin should read these, for Dad," he said, a firmness in his voice that Snape had hitherto not heard before. "Should you so choose. But choose wisely. We are to get to Beauxbatons by this time tomorrow." He leaned across to Septimus and put a kindly hand on his shoulder. "But yes, she is with you, Septimus, wherever she is. She may be out of sight, but she is not dead. Cecilia Lupin is very much alive. Now," he said, removing the silencing spell and shrinking Cecilia's two years of research into his robe again, "try to get some sleep. We shall be at Beauxbatons very soon." 88888888 "I cannot believe this is what he is proposing, Pomona!" Minerva McGonagall slapped the notice onto the desk of her opposite number. The Head of House of Hufflepuff creased her eyebrows into a frown as she picked up the paper that she had thrown onto her desk. "Practical Defence?" "They have always done "Practical Defence" haven't they?" Pomona Sprout replaced the parchment onto Minerva's desk, having scrutinised it throughly. "Practical means "defence spells" does it not?" "But not to this extent! The students have only ever disarmed! I mean, they complain when they get back to the common room that it was all well and good they were taught to disarm an opponent and what good will that do them in real life, but this? Welll!" Minerva McGonagall folded her arms. ""Defending territory against enemies?" The "Impervious" charm? Dark Magic protection? He's not at Durmstrang now, he does know that, surely? And we have non-wizards here too! Whatever will Caelius say?! Remember what it was like...before Aberforth?" Pomona sat down at Minerva's desk, on a chair usually reserved for perpetrators of misdemeanours and bit into an apple. "We have never taught these students defensive spells before," she conceded, "and...like preparing them as soldiers...for an army!" "Never! Abeforth and Caelius put a stop to that!" declared Pomona, hotly. "Fundamental magic, pah!" She bit hard into the green flesh of the apple. "However," she continued, her outburst gone, "maybe it is merely a plan to teach the students in line with Durmstrang. I mean, after all, the students there head for great jobs within the wizarding world; Beauxbatons, who similarly teach their girls also excel." "But we have never done it!" fumed Minerva, throwing down the missive that repulsed her. "And the conntations...What will they make of it? What will their parents make of it, and the wizarding world? I mean, he began this morning, and we have not even sent out permission owls to their parents!" Professor Sprout said nothing, but chewed on her apple carefully. "Pomona," she began again, this time her tone a little more controlled. "I speak to you as I have known you the longest – we have worked here the best part of fifty years. I am concerned with the wellbeing of our students. Yes, of course, we must accept Professor Halen as headmaster, but there seems to be several illnesses amongst the returning non-wizards again, like the last time and yet some within the wizards too." she sat down in her own chair. "And Miss Brandt concerns me to a great extent, she sickens and pales daily, she has her watchstone, but…she is frequently shunning other students, seeking her own company, or is out of lessons. Too often she is with Sam Potter and they are both losing lesson time as a consequence. Sam has missed two NEWT deadlines already - " Minerva turned suddenly, as if expecting to see someone standing next to her, screwed up her nose, which resulted in her glasses falling down her nose. Hastily, she pushed them back on and looked back at the same place where she had before, her eyes falling on nothing. Tabitha Penwright stared back at her. So soon? Had it been the mention of Crystallia which had led from Nicholas Flamel, his dying wife, his bond with a long-missing, nefarious wizard to secure an eternal youth potion to keep Perenelle from passing from his world? Nevertheless, it had led her here. But for what? Time had flown past from the theoretical point at which she – Tabitha – had begun on her mission behind the veil: considering the timeline all these people that she had known nearly a decade ago were now...well progressed. Perhaps it was true what the physicists said that an object accelerates towards a black hole. It certainly felt as if time had, for Severus's time line, accelerated in relation to her own. She climbed back up, carefully and evenly, making sure that the memory she had entered was tethered securely next to the one in which she had visited Flamel. None of these memories were coincidental: indeed, it was their very nature and substance which meant she could find them so easily. And now, to another nebulous dimension the man who…sometime ago…between both the coming towards Tabitha at speed and the going away from her had…gone. Across the semi-solid clouds Tabitha looked, and waited. It would not be long until the next part of the plan she had hypothesised would be. It was difficult, Tabitha considered, to relate the quantum nature of the place – it existed, in so far that you could say "existed" could describe here. Physicists spoke of other dimensions than the other three, fourth being time, and fifth onwards venturing into string theory. Physicists could never enter an actual physical place wherein excited the rest of their proposed dimensions, only express them numerically, in equations which proved one another's' existence. But here, it was as if the theory of the string dimensions was actually made real, memories of different times and even different dimensions were collected, unstratified, unclassifiable, unending. Time did not exist were in the way it had where she had come from…would come from…in the world time passed from moment to moment. But here, it was as if every second was passing AT THE SAME TIME. For Tabitha, everything was also happening together sometimes the events outside the clouds may happen in any order, cause did not necessarily follow effect. However, in the broad picture – the broadest – there were some things what would happen here, overlooking the memory clouds, offering some connectedness, some progress, of a sort, was happening. The man who had been there before, when the false memory had cause uproar, had gone now, having, for want of better words, rounded up the memories for her because of his very particular presence. The clouds were coalescing by themselves now, without her help, because of...him. Others would join them, or already had. And, if Tabitha's memory of the present she had left was correct, as much as it could be, totting up her time in comparison to all of the other realities, about half the time that wasn't passing here had gone. Some sort of period of time meaning the other half would see…thinness, transparency…interconnectedness would follow. But that was not yet. Tabitha breathed deeply. Multidimensional physics would be so much easier to understand if the physicists weren't relying on a language that had evolved to communicate to your tribe where the best fruit was or to avoid the large, stripy cat. Halfway. Tabitha had already that memory, like an anchor, with her – Cecilia. Before any part of her would be able to rationalise it the coalescing would eventually accelerate to beyond the speed of light – and there would be no going back. Back in the cloud in which she had left Professors McGonagall and Sprout, the conversation was coming to an end, with doubting acceptance. "Hm, yes, I can see your point, but it is the future for these children which is of my concern. I cannot see any other way than to approach Lindvald Halen on the matter. In spite his years, which are few, he is a most capable headmaster to replace Severus." "What other choice do you have?" "None that I know of, Pomona, and that what worries me." 88888888 The legislation was going to keep them busy for some time. Albus Dumbledore descended the steps from Cecilia and over towards a desk piled high with the recent Conurist pamphlets, due to be delivered by his national...agents...tonight. Agents. He preferred "loyalists". Yes, they would do, to keep the wheels of revolution turning. But it would be the call to law to clarify the position of wizards which would speed up and embed their cause most beautifully. Broeck was an under-signatory to the Declaration, his interests being to protect the Durmstrang Institute from…pollution...and to guarantee protections for the wizardly way of life. In short, no further integration both at Durmstrang, and in society in general. It was a bold assertion. And yet, with the traitor more than willing to their cause, Dumbledore will have his arena, and his audience. He glanced upwards for a moment. She was asleep, Mrs Lupin. Still, in her dress, her face tear stained, asleep…unconscious, not for this world, visit to the land of dreams, spell keeping her sedated for easy access to her memories. But, it was proving difficult. Like a radio broadcast in a foreign language the memories had to be interpreted, evaluated, their worth to wizards intended destination analysed. And, now almost three weeks after...acquiring her, the third "Intransmutable Object" from where she had come from, a small part of Albus Dumbledore wondered whether it was possible Cecilia Lupin was eluding his efforts to share the secrets of her mind somehow. He looked back to the "Prime Pensieve", its aether swirling and writhing, formless. Had it been so long since he built it, and dreamed of controlling all through memories alone? How foolish he had been then. But, it had its purpose, for he would never have considered the possibility of...whatever it was he and Gellert were doing now. The place of memories as a physical place was labyrinthine – one could easily get lost, double back take a detour and be there forever. He would have to keep his head. Meanwhile, to any outsider, the woman lying peacefully on the bed was a modern day fairy tale character waiting to be woken, surrounded as she was, in the Black Forest chalet belonging to Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald at the start of the German Alps. Where to begin, what was the issue, Dumbledore considered. Her mind was willing to spill secrets, he had already seen, but they were of no consequence: they would not be efficient fuel for the Prime Pensieve to build up a location, people, places. While Grindelwald had his job manipulating, corrupting and buying the European Wizarding Council, on balance of things his job was a far easier than Albus's. But, what did they have was time, for the wizards in the Ministry of Magic had yet to uncover the most important piece – the person which linked it all together. Then, while Lucius Malfoy and Peter Pettigrew were not necessarily the most honest of wizards they were motivated by honour, power and glory, and he would be able to present this person when he and Gellert were just ready. Albus ascended the stairs again, bending carefully over Cecilia, pondering the foolishness of his brother, trying to keep her hidden as he had done. Didn't he know that he would have her in his power in due course? Or had he put his faith in one in the Ministry whose loyalty could not be bought by any means. Caelius Lupin? Myopic, trusting in human nature . Trusting lycan nature. So, Mrs Lupin, where to begin? Ah yes, Mrs Frobisher, it's all here…but, how to understand? Got to choose the right place, the right path... The memory of a wizard with whom Albus Dumbledore was most interested and who he was most anxious to meet began to unravel itself, like nebulous spaghetti from Cecilia's temple. 88888888 "Oh, quick! Huggy-Bear...!" Down the corridor they tore, round the bend and standing before the "Thin Lady" Julian, Darren and Rufus stood, trying to remember the day's password, once they had set eyes in their Natural Philosophy teacher accelerating in their direction. But, before they could speed up too obviously themselves, and finding the portrait stuck fast, the teacher called back, in his Dumfries accent, "And where do yous all think you are going out of hours?" Rufus had been training Dorielle to detect radio signals, which influence his plants, commenting to both Julian and Darren that she was very put out at not having Septimus around, which prompted Julian to comment, "me and her both." "But, what use is it, Ruf?" Darren had asked, throwing a quibball ball between foot and hand. "That I can do it – it doesn't have to have a purpose, I've just found out that it's possible." Rufus had fussed little Dorielle as she returned from a spot between the radio and the Nighflowering Jasmines, invisible to them, but clearly of electromagnetic significance. He had explained how at night, radio signals travelled further and were stronger, and he was going to compare these observations with ones, eventually, in the day. To see where the point lay Rufus had marked its position on a string, which stretched from one end of the greenhouse to the other, a piece of red ribbon, to match the others, in a kind of pattern on the same strings and ones below and above it. Julian squinted, trying to make something out, but then went back to staring at the floor. "It wouldn't surprise me," Rufus had continued, regardless of the fact that neither Julian or Darren had continued the conversation, "if the radio frequencies, the particular vibrations had a role in controlling the growing time of plant, or quality thereof. Especially when the stone is vibrating." "Are you saying something in this stone is affecting time?" asked Julian, their expert geologist. "Could be. It's happening with these plants, whether or not the stone is there." "So they are experiencing time differently to us?" Julian frowned, but tried to look interested. "You know how a fly can move faster than you can swat it? That is the stone's influence, and now look at this – plants that do not necessarily have that effect are being influenced by the stone." "What about these plants?" Darren had asked, suddenly interested. He'd rested the quibball ball down on the floor and looked intriguingly at the set of plants closest to him. "One type are dead, nearly." "They've been affected by the magical plants, nearly killed off by their presence. It's really sad. Professor Longbottom had been working on them to try to keep them alive when they are with their magical equivalents. "Indeed," Professor Longbottom had explained," coming into the greenhouse carefully, closing the door quickly behind him. "And there had been illnesses again, wizards and non-wizards, in my opinion, should not be in close proximity to one another. A pseudo magic can illnesses, but can convey magical ability to some people too, look here," he'd bent closer to the ones near Darren, "some of these dead plants, non-magical, had the ability to grow shepherds' purse pods with the tiny money in same way that the magical variety do. However, being near to the magical plants has killed them" Julian and Darren exchanged sudden glances. "I have reported this," Neville Longbottom had continued, "and my hypothesis that this is can be seen between wizards and non-wizards, it's not a very popular cultural and social opinion at the moment, politically the Ministry want to convey the opposite, and my evidence flies in the face of it. But I have duly reported this to Malfoy at Strasbourg." "What?" Julian had asked, when his mouth had found the words that his brain didn't really want said aloud, "do you mean, people could develop magic too? Non-wizards? Borrow wands and...do magic?" "But some people are ill," Darren reminded them. "Aaron Crudglington, and Humphrey Luckwood, twice. And Luckwood was able to do a transfiguration spell the other day. Both of them were new at the start of this term. And I heard Jason tell Sam he had been able to do a levitation spell." "Wow, that would be something. How many people know about this?" "Few." "Yes, Longbottom confirmed solemnly, scrutinising Rufus's strung labels. "Phantom symptoms, a weak version of magic, to lull the non-magical thing into believing it is doing well, but dying. My theory is that, historically, people discovered this and magical people and non-wizards separated themselves out and grew separately. I warned Professor Snape, and Professor Aberforth Dumbledore, this was just after his brother's treachery, of course." "Treachery? The Professor before Professor Snape's brother?" "I know who you mean," said Darren Black, suddenly, his face lighting up. "Albus Dumbledore. He had experimented on students, hadn't he? Tried to get them to do dark magic? Tried to get them to form an army – Dumbledore's Army..." "Hence Aberforth taking over, yes," Professor Longbottom had confirmed, almost dismissively. And it had taken all the will of the three boys, well, the two of them who were now most interested, and Rufus, who would contribute, on point, at regular intervals, to not discuss the matter until they had got back to the common room, when Rufus had finished. And they were there, almost. "We had permission from Professor Longbottom!" garbled Julian Scott, pulling out a scrappy, handwritten parchment from his pocket, confirming it. Darren and Rufus produced theirs, too. "Alright," said John Huxley-Baird, his rough voice sounding the word in the darkness. "But, don't let me catch you a minute past..." he glanced down at his pocket watch, which was slipped out of his waistcoat pocket, and then back to the note, which he then placed back in Julian's hand, "...nine thirty again." And with that, their teacher turned on his heel and strode off stiffly in the direction of the Ravenclaw common room. When at last the boys managed to get inside none of them could talk sensibly at first, so quickly that they wanted to speak. Darren pulled them over to some empty chairs near one corner of the common room into a close circle. Julian and Rufus helped, then jumped on them. All three boys looked at one another expectantly. "Well?" "Well, what?" asked Julian. "I don't know anything about here. What do you know?" "Only what mum told me," replied Darren in hushed tones, darting his eyes around quickly to make sure no-one was listening. "In the Christmas holidays she said something about Hedgewards being the place separateness of wiizards and non-wizard should be excluded from wizard affairs, where - " at a distance John Tallick circled past them, turning his head with ambivalence towards them. "It was a long time ago, a time when my mother might have been here. She said Albus Dumbledore began it. But it wasn't just at Christmas – now I think about it, mum always talked about "those war-mongering wizards". I thought she meant the Reciprocators, but I think she meant Albus Dumbledore. Or people at Hedgewards at the time." "It makes sense, with what Professor Longbottom had to say," nodded Julian. "It's no wonder Septimus's uncle wanted non-wizards to attend." "The Bad Times," said Rufus, half to himself. Both Darren and Julian waited for his friend to elaborate, which he did with much insightfulness. "Mum and Dad were at school then," Rufus continued dreamily, half to himself, almost as if he had also been there too and was recalling a distant memory. "The Headmaster would call special meetings of the Young Dumbledores, and they would practise dangerous spells: attacking spells, claking spells, legillimency. They were in charge of disciplining the other students and they used these spells on them to find out how many had non-wizard sympathies, although most of the Army didn't do very much. Lots of the students were outraged but kept their opinions quiet. "Some didn't though, and when they left school went into the Ministry determined to change the world that they saw had come about." He smiled at Darren and Julian. "Mum told me that it was Caelius's uncle, and the Reciprocators who helped prove that Albus Dumbledore was using the students for evil, and Alberforth Dumbledore took over. He joined the country with the European Wizarding Council so that it would never happen again." "And you knew all of that?" asked Julian, aghast, glancing across to Darren. Rufus nodded, shrugging his shoulders. "What else do you know?" "Only that," said Rufus, evenly. "I didn't think it was all that important." "Many people know it." A voice by Darren's shoulder came past softly into the inner part of the circle. Ariella Blewitt smiled, the glimmer not going unnoticed by Julian, who smiled back. "It's where Conjurism comes from, don't you see? It began here, Conjursm began within Hedgewards when Albus Dumbledore was headmaster." She pulled a chair over as Darren and Julian made way for her in their group. "My father, mother, Uncle Mark were all there at the time," the girl continued, "your dad, Darren, Rufus's parents; Septimus's dad too. Even Sam Potter's parents. They all know what Conjurism is, and how they were taught in lessons about wizardly superiority. Some believed them, of course. But some, like Rufus's parents, my mum, loads of others, did not. And they formed the – " " – anti CCs?" guessed Julian. Ariella nodded her dark head. "Can you imagine it," said Darren, scornfully. "You wouldn't have been here; people in this country would be separate. Maybe even non-wizards not knowing wizards existed at all, mum said. Can you imagine that?" "But Professor Snape saved it all with the Universal Link," went on Ariella, her eyes wide with the telling. "My mum said that by showing there aren't just wizards and non-wizards, there are people in between, made the conjurists' argument disappear. But, of course, it didn't, altogether. There were always some who carried on being conjurists, and being controlled by Albus Dumbledore, and – " Ariella broke off, and looked between Darren and Julian sharply, as if she'd said too much. It was clear to them all that the girl had meant her father and her uncle, and, probably, her brother too. "Mum said they'd see sense in the end," she concluded awkwardly, "and they have. They have done nothing other than help the Non-Wizard Reciprocators. Mum is getting on famously with your mum, Darren." Darren nodded absently - everyone got on with his mum, it was in her nature. "Well, that's all I know, anyway," said Ariella, pinking a little. "Dad said that Albus Dumbledore meant no harm in it, except for educational purposes, but we know how it ended up." "Albus Dumbledore met back up with Gellert Grindelwald, the Headteacher at Durmstrang, and all this started up again. Mum said, if only their sister had not died, none of this would have happened." Rufus looked at Darren, who raised his eyebrows at what a fount of both relevant and interesting information their friend had been that evening, and smiled. "She is pleased with quibball," he added. "I'm sorry that Septimus isn't here," said Ariella, getting up. "Can you promise that you won't tell anyone what I've said? You need to know to help get him back, right?" "Right," nodded Darren, adopting the cause quickly, for they had just been talking. "Wow," said Julian, when she'd gone. "Yep," said Darren, "she's a genius. We can use this to help get Septimus back, can't we?" Rufus picked up his friendfinder by the chain, dangling it in front of him as he drew his legs in and crossed them under himself. Septimus's quarter was pulsing a faint orange-red. "He's walking somewhere," he interpreted, looking intently at the cruciform silvered metal with four discs slotted into each end. "He's with Severus Snape." "How can you know that from the friend finder?" shot back Julian, glancing down at his. "Caelius Lupin, said so." "Do you think he knows about Hesdgewards and Albus Dumbledore? Do you think him leaving had something to do with it?" "I dunno, Rocky," said Darren, yawning heartily. "I just miss him being around, you know? He's always so..." "Yeah," nodded Julian. "Calm in a crisis. Dependable. I hope he's OK". And with that, the three-quarters of the New Marauder went off early to bed, all (two, at least) wondering what Septimus was doing, and where he was. One thing was certain: things just weren't the same without Septimus Remus Lupin. 88888888 "Come on, Lily, you know that it couldn't be helped." Sirius Black moved away from the range in the kitchen as Lily Potter folded her arms unhappily. "Someone had to go with the child, and someone had to replace Severus at Hedgewards." He held out a cup of tea to his friend, which he thought she might rebuke, but instead Lily took it, her eyes red from exhaustion. It had been over a fortnight since Christmas, and her outburst against James and Petunia and, well, almost anyone who had got in her way. It seemed like such a long time ago, but that was only because January was dragging, the nights were still dark and the Reciprocators coming home from morning shifts were tired and miserable, mainly from a lack of action. It was boring standing around in traditional Conjurist haunts for hours on end waiting for something to happen. "Maybe it will hasten a cause for him, you know," Sirius continued delicately. "How is James?" Lily turned her head to her friend. Sirius paused as he considered what to share. "Bearing up," he replied. "I think Remus can get better, Sirius. But, know that he did love Cecilia, once. He spoke to me about how distant she had become." Lily sipped her tea again, as if her action would prevent more words escaping from her mouth. He thought she may have been seeing Snape. Your help in the summer put paid to that theory," she added, pulling up a chair, before sitting on it and then resting her head on the table. "Sam would do his Internship application much better under Severus than with the new one, Lindvald, is his name?" "I've shown no-one this," said Sirius changing the subject suddenly, "for she gave me this right in my hand just as I was about to leave on that morning. "I have read it a hundred times since Remus was bitten, and it still reads the same." He passed the oft-folded piece of paper to Lily, who opened it, read the contents and then returned to leaning against the table. "Does that sound like someone who's given up on their marriage?" asked Sirius, when Lily said nothing. "She came from a different place, she has different experiences, but somehow still loves him." "Well," said Lily slowly, as she sat back up again, blinking hard at her tired eyes, borne of work, worry and the night shift at St. Mungo's.. "It's more than I can say that about James. But I did love him, once, in my own way. I wish I'd listened to my heart." "He'll be asleep by now, I expect. Won't be down for a while. He and a couple of Newers did catch two young wizards trying to set light to a phone box last night. The Aurors took them in." Sirius took a sip of tea and closed his eyes for a second. "Why did you do it, Lils? I was handling it for you, I really was." "You and Freya?" "Ah," said Sirius, folding his arms. "Freya. She was worth it, even if it was only for two weeks. She began her college course for nursing this week, Tonks tells me." Lily nodded absently, as if only half listening. "He has to want to do it, Sirius," proclaimed Lily, mournfully. "That's all that stopping him from responding to even basic medicine. It's as if one more step is needed, but he won't die." "Merlin, you just want the world, Lily, look who's given what up for you!" She closed her eyes and nodded. "I'm putting in a request for an investigation into your assignment, yours and Remus's" said Lily, her voice low, not looking at her friend. "I want to find out how it was you both ended up there." "Lily," said Sirius, as calmly as he could. "It's not like it was James. It's none of your concern, really." "He's ended up like this and it's none of my concern?" Lily bit back her words with sourness. "Caelius! Did he do this on purpose? Did he send you off knowing, really knowing, there were dangerous half-breeds? If so, he needs bringing down!" Sirius took a step towards her, placing a steadying hand on her shoulder for a moment, feeling the panting of exertion in her chest at the upset. ""Would you listen to yourself? Calm down, Lily, and think rationally! You can, of course. But what good would that do you? You could destroy your family; think of Harry, and Sam! Think of James. And besides, Caelius is his brother; he's hardly likely to be unbiased. And what about Remus? How would he feel that you've initiated official proceedings against Caelius in the midst of all this trouble?" In the dim of the small hours he could hear her breathe out, in silent defeat. "You're angry: I know," he soothed as Lily still sat defiant. "Let Caelius do what he does best: be a politician. He'll have more than enough on his plate with the Declaration of Wizards to overturn. And of course, I'll come back with you tomorrow, as long as you promise you'll speak to James?" Lily's eyes widened in astonished protest. "He just wants a discussion, Lils, that's all. About Sam. You owe him that much after thirty years of marriage." After a few moments' contemplation Lily Potter nodded and, getting up, she walked to the stairs through so many times she had gone and sat, waiting for people to go and she could be alone with her beloved, with her friend Sirius, back to Grimmauld Place and a discussion she knew could not be avoided any longer. 88888888 The school of Beauxbatons stood proud in the landscape, its creamy-white sandstone blocks reflecting the midday sun. At the top of a hill three miles away Septimus pointed down to it,a huge, white-walled castle which looked as if it had been lifted right out of the Middle Ages. Behind it, even in the mid-January cold the indigo sea of the Atlantic glimmered and writhed like an enchanted snake. But, of course, the joke was always on the spectators – the snake was enchanting them, rather than the other way round, and the castle itself too, seemed enchanted, as if calling him, Septimus alone, to walk right though it, as if in a dream. "Not far to go, Professor," he said, blinking sharply and forcing himself to look at the stone of the building, ignoring the thrall that the place was trying to put on him, before looking into Severus's face. His headmaster was also looking upon the school, bright and new, like a mediaeval palace and Septimus was half-expecting horses carrying knights on their backs, with lances and armour, their horses shrouded in livery – he was a little diaappointed. "It's just a spell," said his former headmaster, now his companion on the journey. "Ignore the enchantment, your mind will get used to it. At least the time flies have gone, for now. Jump on." Septimus looked past Snape, and then down towards his hand, which was horizontal, palm down over the Broadclad. "This school likes to do things traditionally. We will be welcomed as friends if we arrive by broom." "And what then?" "Then," said Severus Snape, heavily, "then, you will have reached Constantin and you will have reached your goal. These, of your mother's," he gestured to his robe. "They contain what that wizard needs to potentially help your father. In the absence of Cecilia Lupin the custody and responsibility of these fall to you." Out of his cloak pocket, enchanted to shrink down the manuscripts, letters and information which had once been the scourge of Harry Potter's under stairs cupboard. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," said Severus, as Septimus was about to open up Cecilia's notes, which had been another reason the documents had to be shrunk and deposited in his pocket: it was sound-proof too. "Looks like a copy of "The Art of the Wize". "Not just any copy. This copy once belonged to Salazar Slytherin himself. Have you ever heard of his name?" "He was something to do with Hedgewards, wasn't he?" "Indeed. It was taken by your father from the conjurists' house where he and Sirius were attacked. When the Aurors came to assist the book was given for safe-keeping to your Uncle Kay who, by curious turn of circumstances, did not put it in the safe room at the Ministry, but sent it with your mother back to Durmstrang on the day that she saw you off on the train to Hedgewards. It was returned to me with her unique insights and from there it has been in my care. If it were to open, as well as wakening the entire French countryside for twenty miles in any direction, you would see the annotations in her hand, ones which helped your uncle face down the challenge to Conjurist trial in November, exposing "The Art of the Wize" as a scam. "Will...will you come with me?" asked Septimus uncertainly, his determination now beginning to falter a little. "Keep them for me until we see Constantin? Help me explain?" It was now the eleven-year-old boy stood before his headmaster again as he asked Snape for help. "I will, just as long as I am able. The entry to Beauxbatons is tricky. It might allow us both in, or neither, or just you. But because it is you who seeks as wizard within its' walls, it is you, Septimus Lupin, who must gain entry." And with that, Snape leaned one leg over his hardy broom. Septimus followed, after a second's thought, glancing down at his friend finder. Blue in three of the spaces; they were up and going about their business at Hedgewards. Pushing away a pang of sorrowfulness Tabitha Penwright watched as Septimus legged over the wide, iron-strong broom handle, holding on to Snape for dear life as they chased the last of the dawn away to the west.
"I thank you for your timely provision of this, Harry." Caelius Lupin closed his fingers around the parchment of paper on which the younger Potter historian has prepared work from the classified section of the archives. It had been a difficult start to the year and Harry had to admit that working in behalf of the Ministry, which was to put its position to the European Wizarding Council had taken his mind off it somewhat. He watched as Caelius leaned back in his chair a little and closed his eyes, the obsidian walls darkening as night drew in. "Eight weeks and the evidence for integration needs to be presented," the Minister for Magic continued, as he gestured towards a pot of tea on his table. "Would you care for a cup?" Harry shook his head. The day had been a trying one. In addition to Hermione flooing at the last moment that she wouldn't be home as planned, his mother before that seemingly with no other aim than to talk to him. Harry had this work to do, and it played on his mind as his mother asked him question after question about their domestic arrangements and how she wanted to arrange the tables at the wedding by family, but of course, they should be encouraged to mix, and though she hadn't spoken to Hermione's mother, since it was the start of summer, yellow would be a good colour, and... ...on and on, avoiding telling Harry anything of value, such as how his father or Sirius were, or herself, or the Reciprocators for that matter. "Draco is being very thorough," Caelius said, at length. "All of my departments must present their statement on wizards, as do each of the countries in Europe. The President may have his work cut out if he has to wade through each country's report from each of their departments. May I say how quickly you have got this into my hands? With inspiration like yours over historical documents you truly are Lily's son." Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair then suddenly his hindbrain seized control of his mouth. "Did you know about…mum and your brother, sir?" Caelius paused mid-sip of his tea and looked over the rim. He lowered the cup slowly into its white china saucer and pursed his lips. Just as Harry thought he wouldn't answer Caelius smiled his smile that Hermione said was his "gloss", one which he put on for show, covering things up and making things better. Let's see him make this better, a voice at the back of Harry's head whispered to him urgently. "No Harry, I did not. But they had always been very close friends. I was accepted to Hedgewards with their help; your mother persuaded Snape to continue with his research into the Universal Link. True integration then, when I was accepted, you see. It is...unfortunate. At least, someone is with him now; I can rest a little easier knowing that if there were any change your mother would come to me immediately." He folded his arms a little and added, "I know it cannot be easy for you, especially with your own wedding approaching. So, have you considered our offer?" he added, changing the subject. "Yes," nodded Harry. The money would go a long way to getting Hermione everything she wanted, whether or not it matched his mother's plan, and towards a house of their own to boot. The Strasbourg apartment was all well and good but, it couldn't be forever. "Then, you need to be prepared to be proactive, search where records there are not and read what is not written." "Sir?" "It is a motto, of a kind. Harry, listen to me. The information I am seeking while you search for evidence for our case is hidden well beyond the reach of even the most skilled of wizards." Caelius Lupin leaned over his desk, staring at Harry suddenly, eyes wide as if stricken by a disease which was about to make him fall dead, and therefore must impart the information with haste and urgency. And then, from Caelius's mouth something Harry had never expected. "Though he was a brilliant wizard there are things that Aberforth has done which are almost as unforgivable as those of his brother. How easy did you find obtaining this information?" "Very easy," replied Harry, frowning. His workload had increased since Christmas and he was now entirely in charge of data collection and analysis from the historical records. "A lot of it was in the Ministry archives." "Well, what I am going to ask you to work on, for the hearing and for the future is not, and it is must not be repeated." Caelius reached out past his now-abandoned tea cup and to his gnarled wand, curling his hand around it. "Swear it." It was not a swearing which required words. Harry, in wizard fashion, pulled out his wand from his pocket, raised it aloft and met Caelius's at an angle, both wands forming an "X" in the air. Pale lilac sparks crackled between the wands. Harry felt the energy between them forcing him back, as it two similar magnet poles had come apart and were repelling one another. "I swear, that what I here before you, now and forever, will be my secret until death, whether I choose this mission or not, from heretoforward!" Harry recovered his balance, glancing at his own wand, which was still producing lilac sparks and then back to Caelius. "You are familiar with the fact that Aberforth Dumbledore saved the ministry...and Hedgewards...by opposing his brother and then taking over?" "Yes, sir. Mum and Dad were there, I remember Dad saying. And that the students – some of the students – had formed themselves into a group..." "That's right," Caelius nodded severely. "But that's not the half of it. Aberforth Dumbledore chose to expunge the record of a lot of information pertaining to when his brother was headmaster, including the actions of that "group" ". He rubbed his beard and steadying himself against the table. "Wizards who might otherwise have been brought to justice for using curses and spells against non wizards, and wizards too have evaded it, for a lot of evidence simply cannot be found. The official record now appears to show that anything that happened during his time there did not happen." Harry could feel his mouth dropping open. "Oh, but yes, of course it did. But as we get further and further away from that time, there are only people's memories to rely on – your parents at school, for example; those in the Ministry, d'you see? If nothing can be set down straight the argument continues, the argument has continued. The moral path is being challenged by extreme wizards bent on division." "While, on the other hand there are extreme wizards." Harry shifted uncomfortably in his seat, a feeling that this would not be as simple as the first part of his work. "Dumbledore's Army, that was. Many of them are now the conjurists and extreme wizards who have signed to bring the hearing to Draco Malfoy". "Where do you suggest I look?" "In the archives. But there is a need for you to be imaginative in where you look, with how you look. Look where you cannot see, search where there is no light. The records are still there, the witness statements, the victim reports." "But…" Harry looked bemused. "I have searched the place, everywhere, and such records do not exist. No evidence that what you call Dumbledore's Army attacking students at Hedgewards with mixed parentage exist. I asked mum and she said I was a fool." "Yes, of course she did!" Snapped Caelius, irritatedly. "The ministry took steps to eradicate things from people's minds. There are some who remember. There are some who refused to forget. Perhaps you should begin by interviewing my staff, here, at the Ministry. I believe your aunt may have a few words to say on the matter, too." "My aunt? Aunt Petunia." "Indeed so. Do you have another?" Harry shook his head. "And your father. He may be of more use, since I relinquished my responsibility as Head of the Reciprocators to him – there is a reason for that, Harry, that you should understand in time." "Yes?" "In time. His department oversees the discharge and security of our time turners, does he not?" "Yes." Harry nodded briefly, realising slowly that this was no ordinary collection of his work. Caelius was trying to tell him something weighty and it had taken his despatch of work to do it. "Sir," replied Harry, evenly. "I have spoken to Dad, and I will do so again as you suggested. He is…mum is…they are concerned, a lot of the reciprocators are concerned about Lindvald Halen..." "Indeed?" "Allowing wizards to do active, defence and attack spells. There has not been active spells since..." Harry's sentence trailed off. "Since, presumably, Albus Dumbledore's time as headmaster?" He examined the face belonging to the minister for magic but it was, as always, in vain. Caelius Lupin's features were always unreadable. "My father was going to come to speak to you about this," Harry continued, with a topic that he could expound on with far more knowledge than that of the existence of militant wizards under Albus Dumbledore at Hedgewards. "Why are you allowing it? I would not like to think of Sam, for example having access to some of the spells I have only ever learned about at the Ministry." "Why ever not?" "It's like giving guns to people,. It's like…Dumbledore's Army..." "You were not at school then, said Caelius, carefully. "No, but I remember, yes I do remember Dad telling me something about it. It is no wonder that some reciproicators have come to him with their concerns." "So you see my point? People do remember. We have a traitor in the ministry, and though I had an idea who the traitor was, watching and waiting, but he was watching and waiting too. And now our community is doubting my actions, but it has, as it had always been, dynamic inaction, waiting for the course of events to unfold. We should see where Lindvald wishes to take this. Now Harry, what I am about to tell you is something which must not be repeated." Around them Caelius's office glowed pale lilac, Harry's sworn secrecy enveloping, cocooning them as the Head of the Ministry continued his sharing of classified information. "There is a reason I chose James, Harry, to take over my role as joint head of the reciprocators. What is your father's auror role?" "Security of time turners," replied back Harry, carefully. And any other things needed to be done for the ministry. "As well as the creating of the time flies it is, of course, such devices that are used to eradicate memory. But, with Aberforth's crime – and to withold these events, and hide these events, a crime it most certainly is, too many people remember, if not all the detail, some of it. That is why they are uneasy But it is necessary, Harry, to allow Lindvald Halen to teach the students true practical defence, not only because I may discover our traitor but also because, with the forthcoming Declaration of Wizards knowledge of such defence will help to engender assertiveness and courage in our students," At first, Harry said nothing. He looked at the Ministry's chief wizard for a moment, going over the detail again, before shaking his head. "Wow," he said, nodding slowly. "This is heavy." "Indeed," replied Caelius, pouring out another cup of tea. "And superfluous to your needs. Now, I am sure you understand, why it is vital you look further, deeper, to find what is needed." Harry nodded. "I must commend you, Harry. You have developed your mother's role of finding evidence of Auld Magic in history and you discovered divisions between wizards and non-wizards, you determined when these were first declared. That has been most valuable." "But sir," said Harry. "I have only been doing as you asked. Aren't all these differences accounted or anyway?" "Indeed not," said Caelius, sipping at his second cup of tea. "Take...herbology, for instance, that wizards have always used. In the hands of non-wizards, because of their lack of skill, it has become mechanised, out of the hands of the everyone. Had Hedgewards not been founded, and preserved Auld Magic in school form, as it were, it may have been lost altogether. I mean, would you go to a doctor, or healer if you were ill?" "It depends on what you were ill with." "Precisely. You are fortunate to get the choice of a second opinion. We have that luxury. If we lived how the conjurists wanted, it would be a straight choice or no choice!" "So, hang on," concluded Harry, rubbing his head for a moment. "Auld Magic is just...magic, the basis of our spells? Some sort of common features? Like, fundamental maths? Grammar in language?" "From every available source, it would seem so. It's as if there was a point in time, not two thousand years ago that things changed. Non-wizards and wizards have long ago been known to have lived side by side in magical communities, But something happened, suddenly, quickly, that changed all of that. Within a generation wizards were living apart. Perhaps it is has something to do with non-wizards getting ill in the proximity of magic. Or, by inventing more efficient spells wizards felt that they were somehow more sophisticated. And the conjurists believe that this is the pure magic from this time, about a millennium and a half ago, from which all their magic stems. It is this basis they are asking for our existence to be justified. But, it is not all that it is, of course. The Declaration hearing is being controlled by someone, oh yes." "But there's always been wizard people with that feeling - we've had privilege all these centuries above non-wizards, and we can't know how lucky we are. That's why we redress the balance by integration, your work, such hard work to get non-wizards to Hedgewards. The European Wizarding Union's fundamental principles - " Suddenly Harry broke off, laughing half to himself. Caelius was about to speak when Harry regained his composure." "What is funny?" "Felix Felixssohn!" declared Harry, mirth on his features. "All that time, researching his father's work. They were right, completely right, but for all the wrong reasons!" Caelius said nothing for a time. Harry, not known for his outbursts, even if it was just laughter, had made an excellent point, one he – Caelius – was going to pursue for the cause of anti-segregation, for that was what the Declaration had been really designed to do. "What is your advice, Caelius? What do you need me to produce?" "It is certain that the proposers of the Declaration will use "Art of the Wize" in their testimony. More than certain; it is at the heart of it, which could result in...untold repercussions, for our two main enemies, Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald, are the true instigators. So, what I require from you, Harry, is that you seek help with the past by looking into the future." "But the future was not written. How can the future help your case?" Harry asked. "There exists one who can, physically, access the past to see the future, and it can be evidenced in science. Time time travel possible, but at a cost. Spells set in books have a record from the past but also sealed and stored with other possibilities. We had to regulate it all now - " " - the veil? Hang on, you don't mean...Mrs Lupin?" Harry put a hand to his head trying to take it all in. "She teaches science; she came from a different place..." "No," replied Caelius. "I do not mean Mrs Lupin. Their identity is not important. What is important is that somewhere else lie the memories that Aberforth was so desperate to hide away in order to give our country a clean slate. And also..." Caelius paused, looking carefully at Harry, "if one looks to the past, knowledge is power, strength and wisdom, it is to know everything that others do not." "That is a very strange view of magic – knowing more than someone else?" "Some may say in any circumstance, intelligence is the key to winning any war. The sooner a sentient being talks the faster it had communicated." Caelius pulled open his desk drawer and, before Harry placed a thick, ancient book. "It is very old…" Something which Caelius did not need to tell him. Harry rose from his seat, looking at it eagerly, figting the will to touch the pages, for they looked as if they would crumble to dust at his touch. "You are familiar with the Hedgewards story of Salazar Slytherin?" Without taking his eyes off the book, Harry nodded. "That he had a dispute with the other three founders and left?" "Did you ever get told what he did after leaving the school?" Harry looked to Caelius sharply. "He travelled round Europe," Caelius continued, "looking for others, anyone who would share his beliefs, robust, logical, testable beliefs - " he gestured towards the book. "Everything he believed, written down. Everything he had seen and done. A precursor, after a fashion, to Fellixssohn. And then, quite unexpectedly, he met someone, someone who believed wholeheartedly in everything Slytherin had done. A someone who was desperate to save the life of his wife. You may touch it; it may be old, but it is robust." Harry looked up for a moment at Caelius, to make sure he was serious, then dropped a hand to the cover. It was heavy, as if he was touching lead, but soft, still, bound as it was in leather. On the cover there was a name, his name, Slytherin. The pages crackled under Harry's fingertips as he turned them, craning in at the old, cramped, cursive script in which this was written. To one side additions and addenda had been added, names, places, extra information. As he turned the pages yet more, and sketches, of what looked like the effect spells, recorded in ink, of their hand-movements, another with what looked like a list of potions ingredients and their incantations. Still further was a list of names. Harry traced his finger down the list, pausing at one, and then glancing up. "Nicolas Flamel?" Harry asked, questioningly. "Raymond Lully?" Joseph Black, founder of the reciprocators, was also listed, as were the names of some 20th Century physicists, who he cannot have known directly..." "How can he know De Broglie? Schrodiger? Heisenberg? They were nearly a thousand years after his time..." "He then also met someone who was desperate to save the monks in his monastery persecution for developing magical cures," Caelius continued, ignoring Harry's question, "as they had done for centuries. He then met someone who wanted to formalise the integration of wizardry, and then, someone who mysteriously had worked somewhere else, with scientists who were bent on mathematically uncovering the universe." Caelius glanced between the book and Harry for a second. "That he had their name recorded can only be accounted for fourth dimensionally." "Using time? Somehow, bending time?" "Not just bending time, using time to his own advantage. If my suspicions are correct." "And, er, " Harry examined the page where he had read another name, "Aloysius?" "If you look carefully, it should say Lupin." Caelius got to his feet, beginning to pace before his desk. "An ancestor of ours, brilliant wizard, fully versed in quantum physics and quantum mechanics by means of his collaboration of some of the best minds in the field during the 1920s. But from a different plane of existence. And, as you so spoke her name this evening, you are aware, are you not, that Cecilia Lupin came from somewhere too." "Yes. " "Yes," agreed Caelius, pausing in his walk, glancing between Slytherin's book and Harry. "Now, I am going to share this last piece with you. Tabitha Penwright. She was sent to investigate the nature of the "somewhere" the access to which, certainly in our world, is located within the Ministry of Magic's Department of Mysteries. She will be successful, for her very nature of existing there has two effects. One is that she has succeeded. Second is that whatever she does we will only gain by. As it is, my role is to maintain what we have. And so yes, if it means Lindvald Halen teaches the students at Hedgewards more hands on Defence than we have had recently, then so be it. The students will learn defence spells, and will learn attacking spells, to be educated in such matters brings enlightenment, and dashes ignorance. But by Merlin, I hope never to think that they are in a position to ever use them." Taking one last look at Slytherin's book, Harry looked back at Caelius, before asking, "Is that what I need to know?" "Indeed. The book needs to be guarded; it is unique, irreplaceable. It lives in the Security Department. Use it as a beginning point for the work that I need you to do." At this Caelius reached for his wand, the end pricking and dancing lilac. Harry glanced a his own before doing the same. Holding them now again at cross purposes out in front of one another, a rush of energy. As they touched, Harry felt the energy forcing the wands to remain together, as the pale, lilac glow which had surrounded them and their classified discussion tried to fight its way back into their wands. As their wands touched, the light poured into the tips of their wands, causing them to stagger back, in the same way it had done as Harry had sworn never to repeat what he had been told nearly an hour ago. "What I have heard this night shall not be from my lips repeated, nor my hand, nor my mind, whether or not I hencetoforth intend to use it as proposed!" Once Harry had recovered from the power of the spell, his eyes lit back onto the book. Taking it carefully from the table, as if at once it would disappear. Caelius said nothing, but nodded slightly. "So I thank you, Harry, for sharing your recent progress. Find out all you can – it will be worthwhile; money towards your wedding." Harry paused, thinking about the event in four months' time and wondering whether it would be as happy an event as he had first hoped. As he scooped up the book, and bid Caelius good-day, the Minister for Magic nodded towards the door. On opening it, Caelius leaned towards Harry's ear. "I thank you Harry Potter. We must not fail." 88888888 "It's good to see the new game is as popular as quidditch," said Jason Crudglington to Sam Potter as he eased himself into a chair next to the head boy, glancing at Sam's half-written essay that was due in the next day. "I mean, what genius to combine the best bits of footy and quidditch to make a new sport. Aaron is really into it." Sam looked up to his friend, his eyelids heavy and eased a smile from his lips. "That's good to hear," he replied, putting down his quill. "I was a little skeptical at first, I must admit. But what with the demonstration at Halloween and leagues popping up all over the country, it's beginning to feel like we were never without it." He glanced down at his work, not nearly finished and due first thing. "You done yours?" "Yes," nodded Jason, "although I have to admit it was difficult, not knowing the actual curses that were listed. How do you feel about actually trying these things out?" He looked across to Sam's work. "A patron-us," he read, phonetically. "We, that is to say, you are going to actually make one of these?" "To defend against dementors," nodded Sam, "although they are hardly used nowadays, just to track really dangerous escaped prisoners. I remember Harry having to learn it when he became an Auror. But even he's never really used one I don't think." He watched as Jason looked at his face. "You look tired out, mate," he said. "That lady love of yours keeping you up?" "Not in the way you might think," said Sam, glancing over his work again and then back at Jason. "Crystallia's...unwell, and not likely to get better. I'm helping her find a way, any way, that will help her." "Maybe something in potions? We are going to be learning about healing potions soon. Or in herbology? Plants used in medicine?" "Maybe," replied Sam, dismissively. "We have tried a lot of things. Her mother has the same condition. There is no cure, really. But I am determined to help her." Jason paused for a moment, considering Sam's recent past: the Halloween Games, the trial. He'd told him about the disastrous Christmas and that his application for the European Wizarding Council was in the balance. All in all not the most smooth of years for him. "Crystallia will eventually go mad," said Sam, looking down at his paper. "She came here to, well, learn what she could. But she is a narratoveritium: a witch who can predict the truth about the future. As such, her kind are well sought after. But there is a time when her gift will become a curse." "I had noticed that she spends a lot of time on her own," commented Jason. "More and more. It's the only way she can cope with the truthtelling. She told me she spoke to her father and her grandparents at Yule: this is what it is like for people with her gift." Sam bent his head down to his work. "That's tough, mate," said Jason. "If you think that there is anything I can do, you'll tell me, OK?" Sam nodded, and looked back to his work. It had been a bad choice of place to work, he thought to himself, as Jason retreated. Rufus, Darren and Julian came barrelling past him on their way out of the dormitory. Though it was still dark they were still allowed down to the greenhouses. Julian gave a "Hi" to Sam, who clearly didn't hear him, craned as he was over his work again. "I wonder if we'll be that busy, when we are doing our NEWTS," said Darren to them both as Rufus, having passed the Fat Lady's portrait and was now holding it open for the others. "He looked busy." "He's always like that, when he's not with his girlfriend. Dudley said it was hard," said Darren, sitting down on the tunnel edge before jumping down the foot drop to the floor. "That's why he went into the Floo business. He wants to be as good as Dad." Walking down the stairs that would eventually lead to the door in front of the Great Hall they heard some students laughing over a copy of the Daily Prophet. "Have you done your homework for Crowfoot?" asked Darren of them both. Rufus, with whom it took a good ten seconds to register the question before he even bothered about considering a reply, clearly had heard his friend's question and nodded. "Got some more still to do," said Julian, trying not to add the rest of the sentence which included a wish that Septimus was there. Septimus helped him a lot with his work and as well as missing his best friend, he was missing the person who helped him the most with homework. "I actually thought it was kinda interesting," said Darren. "It's a bit like Flooing – you have to be accurate when you want the fireplace you want to visit, or when you want to Floo-nudge someone or something. You could get into a lot of trouble if you got the wrong fireplace or person. Spells are like that – they have to be practised because only that sound of your voice and that movement of your arm match with the spell that you are trying to do. One false move, or a cold, and you could have a completely different effect to the one you meant. That's why the school only has a few lessons on practical - " he turned his head at the laughter coming from a group of fourth years sitting on the steps on the lower floor, " - magic. Until this term." "Wicked!" exclaimed Julian, grining. "I've seen Septimus do magic before. He did a rescue spell when we got stuck in a dried up lake once." "I've got Dorielle to do so much," said Rufus, unexpectedly. "Septimus would like it, I think." He glanced down at his friend finder: Septimus's segment was glowing white. "Yes," nodded Darren, used as they were to Rufus's odd, tangential sentences, like he had just reached the conversation the long way. "And we have the new headmaster," said Julian. "I don't want him in a bad mood if I haven't done my work, will this take long, Rufus?" "I don't know. Maybe. You don't have to come with me." "Professor Snape didn't teach, did he?" Julian glanced back to the group of students again, their laughter echoing around, then back to Darren. Neither of them did want to go back – it was a great privilege being allowed out of the castle with Rufus and his work. "I like him," said Julian, as they descended to the ground floor, the huge castle doors before them. " "Non-wizards have a perfect right to play a part in our school", he said." From above a voice permeated down, accompanied by laughter from the students who were reading the "Prophet", reading from the satirical column written by George and Fred Weasley. "Why are you always on about non-wizard rights?" "I want to be one." "Whaaat?" "I want to be a wizard. From now on, I want you to call me John Wandcharmer!" At this laughter erupted from the third years who had enchanted the newspaper to read out the column. "What?!" "It's my right as a non-wizard." "Well, why do you want to be John Wandcharmer, Fred?" "I want to do Dark Arts." "You want to do…Dark Arts..?" "It's every non-wizard's right to do Dark Arts if he wants to." "But…you can't do magic!" "Don't you come all conjurist on me, Perce!"" "I'm not being a conjurist, Fred, you haven't got the genes for magic. Where's the energy going to be metabolised: are you going to swallow a battery charger?" "Conjurist!" "'Ere, I have an idea. Suppose you agree that he can't actually do Dark Arts, not having the genes for magic, which is nobody's fault, not even the conjurists, but that he can have the right to do Dark Arts." "Good idea! We shall fight the conjurists for your right to do Dark Arts, Fred. John Wandcharmer, sorry." "What's the point?" "What?" "What's the point of fighting for his right to do Dark Arts when he can't do magic?" "Its symbolic of our struggle against the conjurism." "Symbolic of his struggle against reality." As they left the Great Hall, to laughter and cheering, and to members of staff making haste to the second floor, where the "Daily Prophet had torn itself, confetti-like, into tiny pieces, giving the effect of snow inside the castle. As they got to Greeenhouse Number 3 the boys were surprised to find it locked. Trying all the doors, soon realised the reason they couldn't get in the usual way – long tendrils of plant had crept and woven their way around the handles, glass and metalwork. "Alohomora!" declared a voice next to them. Professor Longbottom's spell released some of the strength of the jasmines, which had done surprisingly well, considering it was winter. When they had set up Rufus's radio, Longbottom, who, like Rufus, was not one for small talk, pointed to a crystal that he had left in the greenhouse, red and crystalline it pulsed its faint glow around the jasmines. "I got this to work shortly after your last visit," said Neville Longbottom, beaming at the rock. "No, don't touch it," he said to Julian, who was about to pick it up for further examination. "It's operating at the same frequency as the radio and look – how well our jasmines have responded." It took just a few minutes for Rufus to set up his radio and a few minutes more for him to attune the long wave frequency to that of the rock. "What is it?" asked Darren, staring at it. "It looks like a type of amethyst, only with a different arrangement of minerals, to make red not violet," speculated Julian. "We saw this before, It's…" "…it's from Iceland," said Longbottom, smiling. "The headmaster provided me a sample, and –" But he never got to finish the sentence. From the radio that Rufus was still adjusting a low-pitched whine emanated from the speakers. "What on earth…!" "It's the jasmines," said Rufus, folding his arms next to the radio. "I made it into a receiver. Now we can hear what the plants are saying…" "What the plants are, what?!" asked Darren, looking from Rufus to the radio and the plants. "Yes, they can communicate, didn't you know?" asked Longbottom, looking between the two specimens. "They live at a faster rate than humans. Tiime gets dilated so we can pick up their communication. Rufus, here, has managed to find a way for us to detect it." "You didn't tell us!" returned Julian hotly. Then he grinned. "Well done, Rufus, mate," he said, clapping the dark-haired boy on the shoulder. "This is excellent!" "Just think of all the plants that we can speak to, and us to them." "I feel that there is more work to be done, certainly, for not every plant will respond in the same way," warned Neville Longbottom, smiling down at Rufus. "But, this is groundbreaking – I do not know of any other research like this, Rufus. Make sure you record this, and send it to Professor Halen. He needs to know this: Hedgewards needs to be credited with this discovery. You can help him, lads, right?" Both Julian and Darren nodded at their teacher's enthusiastic praise of their friend. "Will you help me write everything down?" asked Rufus, when Neville Longbottom had left. "I have lots of things written down all over the place." "This would have been right up Septimus's street," said Darren, as he took a section of parchment and tried to read Rufus's handwriting in the dimness of the candlelight that served in the greenhouses. After an hour and some progress on the parchment slips, Rufus collected their work together and they headed back to the dormitory, paper still littering the ground floor of the school as they ascended. Climbing back through the Fat Lady's portrait hole a thought suddenly occurred to Julian. He followed Darren and they emerged into a sparsely populated common room, it still being mid-week in mid-winter. "That thing, the red amethyst and the radio," Julian said to Rufus, unable to hold onto his thoughts any longer, as they stood by the door of the boy's dormitory. "How you managed to receive signals from the plants on it." He stopped, looking between his two friends, then held up his friend finder. "I wonder…could manage to get hold of Septimus?" 88888888 ...and the book appeared...leather bound, red. It was under her bed...she was at Durmstrang, of course... ...but... Now, Cecilia moved her arm, her heavy, heavy arm, trying with all her strength to waft away the great clouds that were obscuring her view...her book...Severus needed it, for Remus...for the Universal Link... ...it was there of course...but now, lying open on her bed, it was blank...all blank... ...but of course, it would be – whatever was recorded there was enchanted to do so, to appear in Snape's duplicale... ...she tried to get nearer, but she felt as if something was holding her back, her feet anchored in one place, her upper body unable to move... ...and now the book was not there...in its place another, smaller...green bound... ...NO! Cecilia protested soundlessly. Where was it? Where had it gone? It was valuable...and this...a thin book, parchment bound...what was this...? She craned over her bed, there in Durmstrang, and tried to read the words on the front cover... ...she shivered, the shiver of a person overcome with dread and foreboding... ...there was a name on the front cover...Tom... ...Tom Marvolo Riddle... "Are you actually making any progress, my love, or are you just entertaining yourself?" Gellert Grindelwald removed his pipe from his lips, holding the bowl as carefully as if it were the most precious thing in the world and looked at Albus through the thinning haze. Albus Dumbledore raised his white head from the rim of the Prime Pensieve. Already he had gleaned a good deal of information from Cecilia Lupin's mind, harvesting her memories to find the right place, artfully bending thoughts and memories, like a tapestry, like a web, a picture appearing but not one to see, more like a representation of a time and a place. He waved his wand in the direction of their guest. A tendril of thoughts instantly shrunk back, leaping back into her temple like a rebounding rubber band. "It will take some time, my darling," replied Albus, evenly. "A whole mind's worth of memories, well, they would spill out at the same rate as they were made – over forty years' worth would take just that. But then, he had...intelligence...they had intelligence with respect to what to find, to look for. Not that there was anything respectful in searching Cecilia's memory. "We knew a great deal prior to her...visit." "But, will it be done by Beltane?" demanded Gellert. "That is the only time the way will be thin enough for us to..." "I have every confidence," replied Albus, stepping down from the omnipotent memory store, the only one in existence in the entire world and then descending the spiral staircase from the mezzanine to the ground, approaching his lover with openness, open joy that he was, at last, able to pursue what they had dreamed about together for so long. Their goal was so close he could almost taste it. He placed his hand over Grindelwald's. "Remember, it was you who bade me have patience once," he whispered softly into the great wizard's ear. Gellert interlinked his fingers with Albus's. "Indeed. All we need do now is wait, wait until the Declaration comes and goes, and when young Draco Malfoy finds in favour of liberty and freedom of culture - " Gellert grabbed out for Albus's other hand. "And, thanks to Lindvald Halen, this work has been brought down from decades to months." Albus kissed his lover's head. "The world beyond will be full of infinite possibilities." Gellert leaned up, his mouth seeking, searching. "So," he said, kissing Albus lingeringly, savouring its pleasure, "there will be nothing, no-one to stop us" 88888888 "Caelius, this is a surprise." For once, Hermione was not poring over documentation, but over wedding arrangements. Her mother had just left and, for once, Hermione felt uplifted, positive for the future. It had been good to see her- all those months putting off seeing her, with her promotion and the work that came with it, there had come to a point when Hermione knew that if she didn't focus on wedding arrangement she and Harry wouldn't be getting married at all. When she opened the door for the second time that afternoon, expecting to see Mrs Grainger wanting to collect something she had forgotten, instead, the glow of happiness that that afternoon had garnered began to fade quickly. "Can you conform something, Miss Grainger?" asked Caelius when she had invited him in. "Has Septimus has reached Beauxbatons?" "Miss Grainger?" asked Caelius,when Hermione hadn't replied. "Please, won't you sit down? I understand that you and Harry spoke a few days ago. I am pleased he has a purpose." She watched Caelius as his eyes lit on the wedding catalogues and samples of wedding stationery that lay on the coffee table. "My mother visited to make sure I got things organised: working for Draco Malfoy has caused my time to be rather thin of late." "Look, I'll get straight to the point - " "I saw him leave with Severus, after everything, everything that had gone on at Grimmauld Place that night!" Hermione did not mean to blurt out the explanation, but it had been a surprise him standing on the doorstep, even more that he had asked her directly. She held his gaze, but for once it was Caelius Lupin who looked away. "I came here to ask for your help, Miss Grainger," Caelius explained, his eyes looking back over to the coffee table, at the fabric swatches overlaying one another; the business cards in a neat pile. "Cecilia, my sister-in-law might be alive, she might be dead...but one thing I can be sure is that she was taken for a reason." Hermione looked at Caelius. There was a flicker of something there, wasn't there? In his expression? What was he trying not to betray? "From the spell I used, it would seem he has got to the west coast of France, yes. As to whether he has got to Beauxbatons, I cannot say. Tea?" "No, thank you," said Caelius, glancing around again. "It is not very far off the happy day now, is it?" "Indeed not," replied Hermione, looking a little uneasy at the lack of the job she had hoped to be able to do to fill the awkward silences. "1st May. You are invited, or will be, when we get round to sending out the invitations. "Then, I am sure that some extra money would come in very useful?" When Hermione said nothing, Caelius repeated his opening words, "I'll get straight to the point, Miss Grainger. The homing bees are not doing their job. We have tried may ways to activate them, but we have had to face facts that for some reason they are not tracking Septimus and Severus Snape. What I propose is that you continue to track them, Miss Grainger. For a fee, of course." "Yes," agreed Hermione, after a few moments. "I will." "Ah," replied Caelius, breathing what seemed to Hermione as a sigh of relief. "Through Septimus, I am sure, we will discover Mrs Lupin." "I don't know how it is that my spell worked and the Ministry's has not," said Hermione. "But, that poor boy, taking off like that..." "If only we could have kept you in the Ministry," said Caelius, nodding towards the other pile of objects at the far end of the coffee table. "Though, the "Declaration of Wizards" is approaching fast." "Harry too," replied Hermione. "He has been well occupied with his job for you." "Then, you may need this," Caelius continued, laying a piece of parchment next to the wedding plans, glancing once to it, and then turning his back on it. "I am supposed to be in no way in contact with this, as my evidence is independent. But, this information may be something Harry would find, has found, in the Ministry to inform you. Auld magic..." he added, his tone changing once again. "But, of course, you know. But, it has to be said. Auld Magic is our ancient heritage, which has all but been eradicated as the centuries from the Iron Age passed. It lived on underground, of course, in monasteries, in Hedgewards..." He looked round at the pages again, as if they would leap up and bite his hand off. "Somehow, there is something we here which needs to be untangled, something which needs to unfold. A situation far bigger than Septimus and his mother. Something we have overlooked all these years. Something which has been staring us in the face for a long time." "Do you fear the rising of conjurism again?" "It already rises. Dumbledore and Grindelwald have the potential for power, wicked greatness over all. But they do not fight open warfare; they fight with the weapons of our making...laws, conventions, treatises, diplomacy. And unfortunately they are very good at it." "Cecilia might be dead." "I do not believe she is. Tabitha would not be doing what she is doing if she were." Watching the veil, thought Hermione, considering Cecilia Lupin. "I think conjurists plan to use it, somehow," replied Caelius, narrowing his eyes. "Dumbledore's Army," he added, under his breath. "And yet, you do nothing?" "I wait, Miss Grainger, to see what unfolds." He turned towards the papers again, then swung his head back, scornfully. "And, you are sure you are still tracking him?" Caelius shot back, his tone suddenly forceful, abrupt. "Yes." "Then find him. Get him back to me before it's too late." .
The sound would remain with Septimus the longest in his memory of his visit, the beguiling, melodious, mournful song flowing over the white limestone walls of Beauxbatons that shimmered in the midday sun. As they approached the French wizarding school, there was very little, just a sound at first, like the rustle of wind through topmost tree branches as Snape circled down and down, until, well...until he could hear the château before he saw it, gripping tightly onto Severus Snape as they flew slowly towards the school. "Come to us…" it seemed to entice and yes, they were coming to it, glorious and beautiful, its white walls towering higher and higher as they approached, something he could listen to forever. "Come in...come close..." As Snape dropped his Broadclad lower it felt like the sound was all around them, twisting and turning, carrying them ever onwards towards the castle gates. Septimus felt a sickness in his stomach, rising and falling as the sound circled and enveloped him. "Put your hands over your ears!" roared Snape as they circled just before the main entrance as the sound became dizzying and Septimus was glad he did, for when they landed it felt as if the sound was penetrating even his very being. Snape did not look at all affected. He lowered his broom in a series of arcs, the edgestones glimmering beneath them, until they were hovering a couple of feet above the ground, he raised his leg and thudded off in the shadow of the school's main tower onto the soft eat before reaching over to Septimus, hands still over his ears, and lifting him down beside him. Septimus looked up at the gates before them, towering oak doors studded with iron and metalwork. This school, Snape had explained to him, protected itself, as all wizard schools did, although he had not elaborated. This dreadful noise, then, was clearly one of those protections. Septimus thought as he followed in Snape's wake towards the barred doors – it felt as if he was being called onwards, towards it, but drowning at the same time. "Here!" shouted Snape, his eyes scanning the high expanse of wide, thick stone and then back to the door. Septimus staggered next to his side, the broom obediently dropping to the grass as the ex-headmaster placed his hands on the wall's uniform surface. A few words that Septimus was unable to hear left Snape's lips, as he placed his left ear to the wall, his palms flat to the warm, calciferous surface. Septimus looked at him, and then up at the expanse of white rock that enclosed the three towers that peered over its edge. Here they were then. Beauxbatons. In here was a wizard who could make his father well. He would speak to him. He, Septimus, would ask Constantin what could be done. A sound, almost imperceptible at first, drew Septimus's attention away from the turrets of the school, around which he could just make out figures on brooms circling between the towers and he looked away sharply and back to his headmaster. Snape was still standing there, ear to the wall. Behind one hand, though, there was appearing a door, glinting a faint gold, like a sheen protecting the doors and the whole façade of the chateau before them. Snape took a step back, sliding out his wand from inside his cloak, extending it and pointing it towards it. He then turned to Septimus. "I need to gain access for us through the gates!" he shouted, above the roar, like the waves of the sea that were beyond the castle, then turned to examine the gates, large wooden barriers between the wizarding world in France and the rest of the country. Septimus watched him lean forward, his ear towards, one hand palm-first on the wood as if Snape were listening to a safe with the hope of breaking the combination. "I bring forth one who has business with one within!" declared Snape, his stentorian voice addressing, or so it seemed, the doors panelling. He looked back to Septimus, grabbing his arm and putting him before himself and the now very definite wooden doors that had come into existence. With one uncertain glance over his shoulder, Septimus looked on towards the doors, and then up again, to the very top of the wall. "You must say your business," Snape uttered, sotto-voce. Septimus swung his head back again, raising an eyebrow, "Tell the doors who you have come to see!" "The wizard Constantin!" declared Septimus, tentatively removing his hands from his ears, addressing the glimmering wooden doors, which seemed to glint more at his words. Hedgewards, of course, did have its own interesting ways of entrance and egress and so too, it seemed did the French wizard school. But the only thing that happened was that the doors popped out of existence from the white walls. Septimus turned back to Snape. "It is considering you," said Snape, baldly. "You have at least been acknowledged by the building itself; an answer will come." "That noise...that singing..." said Septimus, his brain remembering it like a dream. "We must be careful!" exclaimed Snape, wheeling round to look at Septimus in the face, his eyes wide with intent. "The school here is as terrifyingly magical and as awe-some as Hedgewards in its sorcery. We must not be beguiled by its charms – the building and the people here, I mean," Snape added, his voice intense. "Yes, Septimus?" Septimus nodded. Hedgewards was dangerous, of course. But what was it here that he needed to be aware of? He scanned the almost perfectly white limestone walls as he contemplated this, one wall seemingly going on forever into the distance. "The school was deciding...it was holding you to account," said Snape, his face expressionless. "It seems you are in favour; it thinks you are a powerful wizard." Septimus turned his head to Snape in alarm. "I'm not, though!" cried Septimus, in alarm. "I'm...I've..." He stuttered off, looking shamefacedly to the ground. A powerful wizard? He had done what he was told at school; he had never done anything worthwhile, really. "The school thinks so; and it has taken your whole lifespan in consideration, not just the portion that you have already lived." Septimus frowned. My whole lifespan... "So, the school can predict the future?" "It is complicated. It is all to do with probability. Ah," he declared, looking back to the walls, as the doors reappeared, looming over them like huge wooden cliffs. Then, as Septimus watched, they both began to open. "We can go in," breathed Septimus, looking back to Snape. "We can find Constantin." "You can," said Snape, reaching into his robe. "The chateau has consented for you, not me; it is your business it has agreed to allow, not mine." Septimus looked at Snape, panic flowing through him like magma and felt his heart sink in his chest. It had been nearly a month since he had left Grimmauld Place and, while at the time he had felt brave and forthright, as time passed and his journey lengthened, he had been glad that Severus Snape had been with him. Now, the thought of seeing the wizard specialist in vampires alone was something he had not anticipated. "Here," Snape continued, a bundle of paper and parchment, some bound, some not, in his hands, "Your mother's work." Into Septimus's outstretched hands he carefully placed it all. Septimus looked at it, and then to the open door of the French Magical school. A faint singing, faint and echoing, came from beyond the open doors. Septimus looked back up to Snape, helplessly. "You got this far; the school will only admit you and, in doing so has already secured the agreement of said wizard." Constantin had agreed to see him. As the door closed behind him, Septimus took the work hurriedly, shoving it beneath his robe, one arm over it all, looking back to see Snape's face. He had reassured Septimus he would wait for him and was now watching him, silently, on his way. A flutter of doubt passed through him, but the receding sound that he had heard, of singing, was faint now, just on the cusp of hearing. He forced his head forward, and looked around him. Hedgewards was a huge place, and it had been through the lower level dungeon he had first entered, on a boat across the Black Lake. On their way, Beauxbatons had looked a similar size, not granite, but marbleised limestone shining brightly as they had been enticed towards. Looking around now, at the crenulated battlements almost touching the heavens, it was clear this wizarding school far exceeded Hedgewards' proportions. As did the person who was now approaching, tall, elegant, walking gracefully as if the whole place was hers. "Oui?" Septimus looked about him, at the courtyard and the students. None of them seemed all that bothered that he had come to visit them. One of a small group of girls, clad in clothes as blue as the early February sky, turned to look at him, then turned away, giggling lightly. "Please," began Septimus warily, looking up...and up. Madame Maxime was entirely living up to her name. She smiled faintly as she waited for him to explain. "I have come to visit Professor Constantin. Please. May I speak to the headteacher?" The tinkling laughter from the students listening re-ignited, and was then joined by the deep, melodious humour which accompanied his request, reprised when confusion crept over Septimus's face again. "Oui. Zat is I." At the light tittering, like bells, surrounded them, students with hands to faces as they watched this discourse, the headteacher turned, shooing them away. "Headteacher - " he began, in earnest, stopping as he recalled Snape's words. His headmaster Snape had been at pains to warn him about spells put on visitors, ones which meant they suddenly disappeared or, conversely, forced to stay within the castle forever. Do not think about it, he cautioned himself. You are here to see the wizard Constantin with regard to a business transaction. "Madame Maxime," she corrected silkily, bending her head lower, elegantly, and extending a hand like the flower of a lily. "Madame Maxime," Septimus corrected himself, taking her hand and shaking. "Constantin is not expecting me. But I have information - " he thought about the books under his robe, the ones that howled and shrieked like men condemned when he had, unfortunately, opened them at the last deserted, run-down farm cottage he and Snape had slept the last day in. He never wanted to hear it again; if he were to meet with the vampire expert, he expected he would have to. "And you...you are a pupil at..." "Hedgewards," he finished. "My father is very unwell; my mother thinks...believes...she has a way to make him well." "Ah, 'Edgewards. I 'ave many fond memories of zat place. And you come all ziz way to our ecole, mon chere," she nodded. "And 'ow did you get zhrough zee gate? It is made of very powerful magic. And you are yet a young wizard, wiz no age to 'im..." "My headmaster - " "Headmaster Snape?" she interrupted. "Yes. He accompanied me." "And why should I allow ziz? You say zat you are a student, and Snape, your 'eadteacher, has brought you 'ere. But, 'ow can I be sure zat you are not a goblin or a boggart?" Septimus looked into her firm, bright face, wondering why an eleven-year-boy was the incarnation of her most dreaded fear. "What I have to share with him may help all of the students, in every school." Septimus looked around desperately. "My Uncle, Caelius Lupin, Minister for Magic, told me about how schools shared information. And I have information for the wizard Constantin." Septimus felt his face redden as he considered how foolish he had been; he had planned everything to get to Beauxbatons but had barely given a thought to what he would do when he got inside. "I can assure you, Madamee, that I am a student at Hedgewards, not some magical beast about to attack your school." Madamee Maxime's face froze; she blinked once, and stared at him. Septimus swallowed. Now I've done it, he thought. Five minutes in and I managed to offend the headmistress. If I wasn't a magical beast before I might be one in a minute! But, instead of losing her temper, Madame Maxime's face burst open like a marigold at the height of the summer sun and, putting one arm around the shoulder of the boy tuned him around and pointed him in the direction of a round-arched doorway, smiling at him warmly. "'ov course you are!" she proclaimed, sunnily. "Our leetle chateau would not 'ave admitted you ozzerwize. So please, come wiz me, and I will take you to share your information with Professeur Constantin shortly." Leading the way, Madame Maxime strode across the wide expanse of short-cut lawn, glowing bright green in the near-midday sun. Septimus had to run to keep up and, on arriving at a huge door opposite to where the main gate had just been he stopped next to her, breathing heavily. Madame Maxime smiled down at him, laughing at his exertions before gripping the ring on the outside and turning it to open the latch. "And zo, what is ziz school of yours like? Is it true zat ze teachers turn you all into little frogs if you behave badly, and zen you 'op off down into ze Black Lake?" Septimus smiled up to the looming headteacher as she made her way down the wide, cool corridor that wound towards the school's main tower, curved and smooth like a limestone cooling tower, and then inclined sharply downwards. "No, Madame, that sort of punishment is not allowed. Detentions and lines are allowed," he added, the corridor darkening as they made their way downwards now. Torches lit the walls and the walls seemed to narrow. The headteacher was having to duck her head lower to manage the reduced ceiling height. "Madamee - " asked a student, dressed in a periwinkle-blue uniform and asymmetrical domed hat, who was coming the other way, her face glowing in the torchlight " - I was jus' wondering..." "Not now, Helene!" replied Madamee Maxime, sharply. If the girl was hurt by the head's remark she didn't show it. "Report to my office on ze hour and I will discuss wiz you your examination." "Very well, Madamee," nodded Helene, taking a step backwards and curtseying gracefully as she did so. "Hm," exclaimed the headteacher, as she led the way again, "I wonder 'ow it is the manners of my girls are zat zey don't see I am wiz company." Septimus said nothing – the air was getting heavier here and his head was getting light. "Oh, I am forgetting ze manners of my own," continued Madamee Maxime, as she stopped and waved her wand at an apparently blank wall. "You will take tea wiz me, non?" It was all Septimus could do to nod as she opened the door that had just appeared. Stepping in behind her he felt cool refreshment on his face as a breeze blew through the unglazed windows. "It is not often we 'ave guests," Madamee Maxime continued, gesturing to the chair Septimus should sit in, opposite a huge walnut desk painted gold with tiny forget-me-not flowers at the corners and at the feet of the elegant legs. She waved her wand over the lacquered surface and tea and a stand of sandwiches and cakes appeared. Septimus watched her as she poured out the tea, asking if he wanted milk and sugar. "Just milk, please," he said, wondering whether she would be asking Constantin here. "Ah, very good," she nodded, taking her seat, before sipping daintily at the white porcelain, gold-rimmed cup. "So, tell me, 'ow is 'edgewards?" And so Septimus did tell her, about his arrival, and the Halloween Games, about Snape, and about his friends, including Julian. "Ah, yes, so I did 'ear that your Uncle had decided on integration of wizards and non-wizards." She nodded, though it did not seem in agreement with the statement. "And Dumbledore. 'ow is 'e?" Dumbledore? Septimus thought, and thought. Who was it she meant? He put down his cup, still mostly full and continued, "I do not know who the headmaster is at the present moment. They must have appointed a new one now; Severus Snape has been with me and the only other Dumbledore I know was Aberforth. He died and Severus Snape took over," Septimus clarified. "Ah," sighed Madamee Maxime. "Pity. Yes, of course, Aberforth. Ee danced so well, you know. Ah,", she paused, looking carefully at Septimus, who suddenly felt a little uncomfortable as this headteacher examined his face, "so it is time for you to meet Professeur of zee Dark Arts." She got up from her chair, most of her tea hardly touched, Septimus noticed, and neither of them had touched the food, bending over the table, a huge, soft hand cradling the side of Septmus's head for a moment. "Ee 'as been expecting you, ma Cherie. Come, come ziz way." Out of the room the large woman strode, glancing back over her shoulder as if checking Septimus was following, and flashed an elegant smile, back into the airless, cramped corridor. "Not long now," she soothed. "'is work requires darkness and enclosure. Come ziz way." Septimus followed the headteacher at pace for what seemed like a good ten minutes, the floor descending lower than ground level unexpectedly. At length Madamee Maxime stopped by a door, studded and reinforced, as if it had been repaired several times, and she looked over it with interest. "It would seem zat ze professeur has had practical work today wiz ze fifth years," she commented, her eyes looking at the inverted indentation at the bottom of it. "It will be the work of a moment to make ziz door beautiful again." She pulled out her wand and, after a muttering under her breath, azure sparks streamed from her wand, gathering around the bulge and manipulating the wood back into place. "And so," Madamee Maxime concluded, this time using her wand to knock on the door. "'ere. Professeur Constantin's classroom. 88888888 The first thing that Septimus noticed about the Professor's room was not the wizard himself but, rather, the collection of tools, artefacts and belongings that lay on every surface, hung on every wall and, when those had been exhausted, huddled together in corners of the room. Madame Maxime had explained that they may need to wait for him so, as Septimus was trying to mentally decipher the objects in the room, from within, punctuated with light from candles here Constantin began picking his way over to them, a dark-haired, pale-faced wizard, delicate of limb and slight in stature and was before Septimus within moments, as if a nebula had appeared before him, black and numinous, putting the blackness of Severus Snape's blackness into, as it were, a shadow. Constantin's eyes, however, were not dark: they shone from his tan-coloured face as if lit from within, as blue as Ceylon sapphires. He looked at Septimus with interest. Beyond him, though, and overpowering the whole of the room, was Septimus's first sight, a gigantic skeleton of a bat, hanging from the very centre, recalling Julian's animated description of the diplodocus at the Natural History Museum. He stared at it. No, not a bat...bat like...but somehow, sort of...different...hominid limbs hung at the back and a head more like a human skull... "Boy, I was not expecting you." Constantin's words were smooth, with a slight emphasis on the "boy" and "you". Septimus's thoughts were dragged back to the present, and he looked at the diminutive wizard, then back up to the huge headmistress. To Madame Maxime, he said, "this is not a Beauxbatons student." "Indeed. Ze château admitted 'im to see you, Constantin," she replied, and to Septimus said, "I shall leave you now in ze hands of our most esteemed Professeur. 'E shall bring 'oo back to my office once you 'ave discussed." With that, the school's headmistress swept back out into the corridor. Septimus watched her go, the weak rays of late winter light seeming to be magnified through the slanted glass window roofing above him, and then looked back to the wizard, the bat-like skeleton looming over his shoulder, set against the obsidian-blackness of Constantin's classroom and considered how well matched it and its owner were, so unlike the rest of the castle that it was. Dark and cold, the air was dense and heavy, like the air before a thunderstorm, and crept out into the light, airy passage like ivy around a sapling. Septimus tried a weak smile as his eyes caught the rows of jars beyond the suspended skeleton, row upon row of them, different sizes and shapes, patiently waiting for their owner to select them for his dark purposes "You are not a Beauxbaton student," he repeated, his blue eyes examining the person in front of him. "No. I am from Hedgewards. Sir," he continued, when Constantin had looked him up and down through his narrow eyes, as if silently evaluating him, or his presence. "Sir, I came to you because I need your help. You are renowned for being the best for vampires." At this, still standing in the doorway, Constantin slapped his thigh and gave a throaty chuckle. "Ha! I am the worst for vampires!" he declared, smiling a glittering smile. "They fear my name; they fear my country: the Romanian Scourge, that is what I am known to vampires with the arrogance to challenge me." "And, what about people who are not yet vampires? Vampire victims?" asked Septimus, a feeling of worry growing in his stomach. Because his father was not a vampire yet; his father had been injured whilst performing his duty for his country, for his brother, for Uncle Kay. Septimus felt his face change as he thought of that unhappy time, before the summer holidays, when he had been alone at Helvellyn, having heard the news, wanting so badly for his mother to be there. At once, so did the face of the Romanian Scourge, who frowned in sympathy. "Perhaps," said the wizard, holding out his arm towards his classroom. "Come, boy. Come in. We can discuss it further." Once some more candles had been lit, Septimus considered, the place did not look so very bad. True, there were things everywhere, with no particular order or regularity to them, but there were rooms at Hedgewards which were worse, heads of goblins mounted on boards, gruesome contraptions in the "Dark Arts" classroom (and although he knew a lot of them were antique and hadn't been used for hundreds of years, they still gave Septimus the shivers). But it was the contrast to the warm, inviting castle that was the difference. And, like the "Dark Arts" classroom, artefacts whose use didn't bear thinking about sat around them. In the pot near a large, dark, wooden a tree was growing, not out of a pot, but out of the wood itself, possibly a rowan tree which Septimus recognised from its thin, serrated compound leaves, ones which were similar to some growing in the greenhouses, and, next to it, some pale yellow roses, their buds tight and new, early for the time of year. "You wish something of me?" prompted Constantin, when Septimus hadn't entered. Septimus nodded. "An offer, a trade. I have something that I believe will help you, and in return wish you to help me. Or rather, my father," he added, pulling out the books that he had in his jacket, their weight pressing in Septmus's hands as he contemplated the wretched screaming that they would give out once they were opened. "Come. Sit," prompted Constantin, gesturing to a tall, leather-seated chair. "You are my guest." The wizard sat too, resting lightly on the seat of a wide bench which bordered the central table "You had better tell me all about it." And so Septimus did, from when he had first heard about his father having been attacked by a vampire whilst on Auror duty, his mother returning to her work at Durmstrang and her promising that she would help Remus, his time at his new school, to his absconding in the company of Hedgewards' headmaster, omitting the recent events at Christmas, forcing those horrible, painful, shocking days from his mind. "And, no-one has been able to cure him yet," Septimus concluded, as Constantin watched him, still and silent as he listened, "So I decided that I would ask you." There was silence again, well, almost. A drip-drip-drip of something fluid in the darkness beyond Constantin's table. Time seemed to slow as Septimus waited, wondering whether it had indeed had stopped, when, at length, the Dark Arts professor slid gracefully to the floor and circumnavigated his table, which headed the space consisting of about a dozen student desks, looking for something. "Hm," said the wizard. "Hm-hm." He stopped for moment, looking systematically around at some of the objects on his already overflowing desk and then back to Septimus. "Vampires?" Septimus nodded, adding, "yes," just to make sure he had heard him. "Half breeds allowed into the country by Caelius Lupin, as Minister for Magic? Dangerous," Constantin concluded, answering his own question. "Although, I do understand his point; half-breeds have a position in society in the European countries. Presumably, that if they were invited in, they would do less damage than if they were brought in illegally. Ha! Like leaving your front door at night before bed in the hope that burglars will steal less." "Can you help him? My father?" pressed Septimus, desperate to return to the reason for his visit. "His friend was bitten by a werewolf during the same visit, but has recovered." Constantin looked at him sharply, as if he, Septimus, had just apparated before his very eyes. "Do you know what I do here?" "Researching?" Septimus guessed, vaguely. It seemed like what his mum did, and what Professor Snape did too. "Solving problems?" "In part," replied the wizard, his hand over the table now, moving around apparently at random as if feeling for something in the higgledy-piggledy pile of objects. "I have hunted vampires since I was not much older than you. Like you, a family member was bitten - my sister. I had no choice but to kill her in horrible circumstances - it would have been Marya or all of us. And, in a way, it destroyed me too: I took what little I had and walked from my mountain home east, followed the Danube to the Black Sea, to wizards who had helped me when they knew of our plight." The skeleton above them quivered a little, the hollow bones clinking like china as if blown by a breeze from an open window, which was quite impossible as the room was as enclosed as a crypt and Septimus's mind began to run a few things together. "I left for shame and guilt," continued Constantin, lowering his hand and noting where Septimus's eyes had been drawn, "I vowed that I would work and work until the vampires in out community were destroyed and vampirism was eradicated." He looked at Septimus again, his dark eyes resting on his face again, in the way Madame Maxime had before. "I grew to understand that it was naïve to think that I could eradicate vampires, a stupid ambition. Eradication can never truly be the case however I will not stop until I have tried everything. One advantage recently had been collaborating with another wizard." "Did he study vampires too?" "No. For him it was time, space and dimensions. Septimus Lupin, you know that wizards age slower than non wizards?" Septimus nodded. "Energy that is used in magic is given over to spells and less into the ageing process. The spell is the wizard, you see. We get hungrier than non-wizards too – did you ever notice how wizards, especially young wizards, like their food, and eat a lit of it, but rarely become overweight as a result – the energy from our food is needed by our body to perform spells. Chemists would call this "activation energy", as would my esteemed colleague." Yes, thought Septimus. The feasts at Hedgewards were always big. Piles of every kind of food appeared on the banqueting tables and little was left over. He nodded. "Corresponding with my colleague cut my work from years to months," continued Constantin, his eyes fixing on the ash tree, inspecting its leaves momentarily, "this being ascertained led me to discovering the mechanism for the vampire;s ability to compress time, when it seems to us they are travelling extremely fast to catch you, and they seem to appear almost instantaneously at your side." "So you can help my father?" Constantin shot his head back towards Septimus. "What rate do you propose?" Payment? He hadn't any money. Constantin's eyes searched over Septimus, as if the boy was badly concealing what was so obviously his means of trade, and Septimus could feel himself redden as he thought desperately. And then his mind settled. Of course. "I have come to propose your help for my father," declared Septimus, boldly. " I have my mother's research notes." He patted the inside of his cloak, pleased to be unburdened of the horrific volumes. "They will help you with your work too, much better than your correspondence did." "Tell me more," replied Constantin, oblivious to Septmus's outspokenness. "Your mother?" "My mother is a non-wizard. But she is a scientist. She worked at Hedgewards and also at Durmstrang." The little man's head jerked ever so slightly at something he recognised, and then came back to Septimus, his eyes looking over him again, as if weighing up all he had heard. Then, Septimus felt a burning in his cloak near his skin, as a hot iron had been placed there, and a vibration. Constantin watched as the boy jumped to his feet, fumbling within his cloak and seizing the journals and documents that Severus had given to him, throwing them onto the floor, putting his hands to his face and blew on them,before stepping away from them, as if they were a nest of snakes ready to attack again. Constantin was looking at the books doubtfully, his wand raised. "My mother's work." Septimus repeated, expecting the heat to be enough to set the books and parchments on fire on the floor and was amazed when their jerks and shudders began to lessen in Constantin's presence. "I don't doubt it. But all the same..." Constantin's eyes glittered as if a thousand stars had just begun to shine all at once, betraying his coolness as he held out his arm, palm down. He levitated the books up to his already overwhelmed table. And a book given by the Minister for Magic, that was recovered from the scene was also in the mix. It had surprised Septimus, too, when Snape had explained it to him. When Remus and Sirius had been attacked, Uncle Kay had taken it as evidence and given to Snape, who had put it together with his mother's work, so similar that they were to one another. And also... "Valuable indeed," mused Constantin, interrupting Septimus's train of thought. "But there is no guarantee that whatever I do will cure your father." "But, you are the best!" exclaimed Septimus, shocked. "The Romanian Scourge!" "And I will do my best," replied Constantin, evenly. "However, I must warn you that the odds are against us. I do not know of one case that the victim has survived without developing some form of vampirism. " He looked down upon the work, leafing through some of the pages and leaves within the pile as Septimus felt the knot which he wasn't even aware being in the region of his intestines relax and settle, relief flooding over him. But not for long. Constantin darted back towards Septimus, his eyes on him again. There seems to be something missing – boy, are you trying to test me?" He held open Uncle Kay's ministry book. There was obviously something torn from one of the pages. "No, no..." Septimus cried, desperately. He'd brought all he had, a lot of work. He didn't know anything about the torn page. "No, no." Constantin's tone softened. "I don't believe you do." He stepped lightly over to Septimus, his frame suddenly appearing bigger to him, all at once filling his vision. "So, you propose assistance for your father in exchange is the knowledge and understanding within your mother's findings?" Septimus nodded hurriedly. "I see." Constantin looked back over to his table, the pages of most of the books having been leafed through. There was something not quite right about this, but Septimus couldn't think immediately what it was. "And, are these yours to give? Think carefully, boy. They are not stolen?" Stolen? It had never occurred to Septimus that someone might think that. "No, sir. This one," he stepped past Constantin to the books, and began pointing out each one. "That is mum's," he began, the book writhing and shaking as he approached. "This one is also hers but once belonged to another professor who gave it to her. And this one," he pointed to the one Constantin had thrust before him, the one with the torn page. "It's a conjurists' book that was confiscated from the place where Dad and Sirius were attacked." Snape had told him that, and he would not have given it to Septimus if he didn't want him to use it, and said so. Constantin eyed the last book, waiting for Septimus to say something about it too. "This was my mother's too, She is unable to give it to you yourself, but I know that she wants my father cured "Was?" Septimus hesitated, the events of Christmas breaching the dam in his mind and flooding into his brain. "She is alive,somewhere. My Uncle Kay said so." As Septimus put his hand forward in order to open it, the strangled scream that he knew. Constantin paced over to him, holding his hand over it. The noise began to subdue until it was nothing. The wizard seized his wand, which was underneath a lot of items on the table, turning over its cover, then some of the pages experimentally with his wand tip. "Not all of this is the hand of your mother's - " he gestured for Septimus to look as he pointed to the page. There, about a third of the way down and, on for another three pages the writing was different. Where his mother's rounded, slightly untidy letters filled the page, the bottom third was in completely different handwriting altogether, small, cursive, neat lettering contrasting starkly." "This is a plagiarism, boy! Although," he added, a little softer again, "I have not seen this wizard in some time." "But, but...!" protested Septimus, panic in his voice. How was he to know someone else had written in his mother's research book? He had hardly had it open, lest the screams and groans from it would come from it, shattering the air wherever they were. Septimus looked desperately at Constantin again. Surely he must understand this? "But, perhaps Lindvald Halen was merely assisting your mother when she was at Durmstrang." Lindvald Halen? Septimus remembered that name...his mother had said it to him once. It was during a conversation with her through floo-nudge. Was he the same colleague that Constantin had been working with, too? "I have given this thought, and I am willing to accept these. However," he turned his slight head to look at Septimus once again. "I need something more." "I have...money..." Septimus quickly thrust his hands into his pockets, pulling out some coins, pennies, knuts, some string and fluff, some objects falling onto the floor in his haste. From his hand's offering Constantin's eye lit on piece of paper, small and screwed up within the melee. "What is this?" Septimus pulled it out, putting the rest of the contents back into his pocket, unscrewing it and smoothing it out between his fingers. He knew exactly what it was, for he had been keeping it with him since he had visited his father in November, since he had visited his father in 's. Septimus had prised it carefully from Remus's clasped hand. "You had it after all," nodded Constantin, taking it from Septimus's unresisting finders. Flattening it still further he searched to find out the Ministry book, flattening out the page with his long, slender hand – it was the missing part of the conjurists' book; presumably his father had pulled the section out before he and Sirius were attacked. Septimus watched in amazement as Constantin held the piece close to the torn section. Orange light flashed causing the pieces to join seamlessly. Septimus felt his mouth open. "If you have heard of the "Biblioinflamore" spell, then it has its partner spell, "Biblioreparato". "Partner spell?" "Is this taught at Hedgewards? With non-wizards there now, maybe not. All spells have their inverse. A handy rule of thumb, so to speak. And so..." He looked at the books and back to Septimus. "Do I accept your trade – these for help for your father?" Hastily, Septimus withdrew his hand reached into his pocket, pulling out the coins he had thrust back in earlier and holding them out to Constantin again. "No, boy. I don't need that. These are is more than enough payment. I accept, Septimus Lupin. But you must do something for me: tell your uncle that he has made a mistake with integration in Britain, and he will come to regret this." "I can do that, sir." Septimus replied, then dropped silent, a cloud hanging over his head again. He had done what he could for his father, but there was still his mother. She could be anywhere. "Tell him too," Constantin continued, beginning to look through Cecilia's book again, "Albus Dumbledore is amassing his army in their little cabin in the Black Forest," he added with undisguised contempt. "They have my mother, sir," Septimus put in, "Uncle Kay thinks so, at any rate. All I want, all I've ever wanted was her back from her work, and my father well...my father..." Before he could finish, though, Constantin stooped a little and, picking out a small greenish glass vial that must have fallen out of Septimus's pocket when he was searching for money to offer the wizard handed it back to him. "This is yours?" Septimus nodded at the wolfsbane potion bottle that Snape had given to him for his last month's "troubles". "You are yourself an expert in half breeds?" "It is mine, sir." And, though it shouldn't have, Septimus felt his face flush at the realisation. He had lycanthropy symptoms, although it was unlikely that he would develop the full change into a werewolf, since Severus Snape had perfected the cure. He had inherited it. Hereditary lycanthropy, Uncle Kay had called it, on the day that he had been called to meet him and Snape. He told Constantin this, and the delicate wizard listened with interest. "Which means that...that..." Septimus broke off, not knowing how to say what he meant. Logically, Remus Lupin lying in bed at St. Mungo's was not his father. But it didn't feel that way. Even when he had been told this, when he had discussed it with Julian at Christmas, he couldn't accept it. And then, who could it be? It was a question that he badly needed to ask his mother. "You should not concern yourself. The man for whom you have come all this way to help, he is your father – you should know this in your heart. Perhaps...perhaps..." Constantin broke off, and then added, "the quantum nature of wizards. Dear Lindvald. You have it right again." "Quantum nature of wizards?" He didn't understand. Sometimes his mother used to discuss scientific ideas with Septimus, when she and his father were not arguing and he had heard the word, "quantum", but what did that have to do with wizards? "Other worlds," Constantin clarified, raising his wand and using it like chalk in the air before him. "Many worlds, all running along side this one, like rivers, but overlapping, working, operating at the same time, but unreachable. And you say that your uncle suspects those two wizards Dumbledore and Grindelwald, hold your mother? She, a non wizard will be powerless with no magic," Constantin mused, "yet she worked with Lindvald..." A spark appeared in Septimus's mind and his demeanour changed to one of appearing to consider the weight of Constantin's words but instead was playing for time as his mind runinated. She had worked with Lindvald; her book had his work within it. However, it was not this that stood out in Septimus's mind, it was something else, something anomalous. "When I spoke to mum once," Septimus said, carefully, "I remember her saying that she could do magic. Of a sort." "Really." It was not a question. Constantin was not astounded to hear that a non-wizard could do magic as Septimus imagined he would. Septimus looked to Constantin's face, amazed by his indifference. "It has been noticed, over time, that when non-wizards live and work in a magical environment their genetics can change in order to adapt. It's called methylation, methylation of the DNA activates it, changes it. It happens to us all, and all living things, only we do not notice it. The change happens slowly." "Like learning a new skill?" ventured Septimus. "Not exactly. While the similarities of identical twins have been studied it has been found that the differences between them, rather than the similarities were more important, changes in their environment being very big. I know of a twin who worked once in Strasbourg, The European Wizarding Union. His lifespan was shortened considerably; energy is taken from the body and this causes the Krebs cycle within their body to accelerate, making them older before their time. It is interesting because it's a mechanism that I think I have mastered the other way round and its an adaption of this that is needed for vampires ah - " he turned some pages in Cecilia's book and nodded. "There. It seems your mother and I are in agreement. But..." he craned his neck down, studying something else on the page, his voice changing from clear and confident to amazement and disbelief. "This is...she could never have known that...! She had got this...almost exactly correct...!" He looked from the page, to Septimus, and then back a the page again. "What I mean to say is...a compound of allium satvum...roses...mountain ash and silver as a ligand...my, my..." Constantin pulled the books closer together in one big heap and then reached for some jars at the back of the table. "She proposes silver nitrate being the anti-catalyst, so to interfere with the parasite's reproductive cycle...eventually slowing and slowing the rate of production of parasite until there is none left...yes...yes...amazing, boy, such insight!" Septimus smiled. This was what he needed to hear – that the wizard who could help his father was enthusiastically in agreement with the work his mother had done, that Snape had told him she had carried out over and above her work on "Art of the Wize." It gave him hope, it gave him faith. Despite their arguments, despite Lily Potter's declaration of their affair, surely when his dad was cured he could see how much his mother loved him, that she had done all this for him. He must have mentioned the headmaster's name aloud, for Constantin had paused in his expression of superlatives to say, "Ah, Snape, yes. I would have been most eager to speak to him." Septimus considered the irony for Snape was just outside the impenetrable walls of the chateau – Constantin could have almost shouted to him. "So, we are in accord," Constantin concluded. "Aid your father in whatever way I can in exchange for years of my own work being compressed into months?" he flicked his hand towards Cecilia's work, the parchments, the conjurist book and his mother's notebook. "Yes, sir." That was it. It was what he had come for. Time to go now, to get back to Snape. And then... "And yet you too suffer with your malady?" Constantin clearly had not finished discussing the matter and Septimus, ready to leave, turned back and looked at the wizard's lithe body, animated as it was as he spoke. "I could exchange this work to research a cure for you, Septimus Lupin, a cure of heritable lycanthropy, as what Snape has made for you works most effectively on acquired lycanthopy, they must be bitten. Any potion based on that would not work as effectively as a potion designed for it. What? Thought Septimus. Change the offer? Help himself? Get rid of the awful, sickening, lethargic feeling each month, as if his limbs were too big for his body? Help himself and not his father? "No," replied Septimus, firmly. "My dad needs your expertise, Mr. Constantin, there is no other way." "Of course," the wizard nodded. "However I ask once more – think carefully, young man, for you dismiss this freely while at this time there is such a discussion about such as yourselves." "Discussion?" "Some say you should be killed; some say banished. Some say to leave half breeds be, as you are magical creatures, after all. Whatever the outcome, my business will benefit yourself, indirectly so to speak." "Mine is not so bad as Uncle Kay said..." and yet...and yet...Septimus shuddered as he too in at the ironware on the wall, the large spring-loaded trap with fierce serrated edges; the silverware; the rose plant and the other, with its white, laser-like assemblages of flower. And the skeleton. It was obvious to him now that it was a vampire, another living creature whose species wizards have deemed undesirable, its bones wired up as a display, and perhaps a warning, to others. He shuddered. "And you are sure you would rather not have me look into your mother's health, if she is experiencing environmental magical symptoms, and perhaps consider if this is a factor in her capture?" Septimus shook his head. "I don't know as to why she was captured, sir." But I intend to find out, he added, to himself. "Professor Snape says there are reasons. But the most important thing is that she did this for my father and, if as you say, she put herself in danger, I know that she would have taken the risk for him – she did." Constantin ran his blue eyes over the books again. One began to smoulder and singe the table top and he held his palm over it until it smoked out. "There is much about the universe we do not know. When you return to Hedgewards you should find the opportunity to learn all you can. I cannot think of one thing I regret learning." Constantin reached out a thin, wiry hand, something Septimus was sure could never operate all of that vampire-hunting equipment, across to Septimus' shoulder and placed a hand on it. "You are a good boy to do this for your parents." Septimus couldn't help but feel a pinprick of tears in his eyes. It had been nearly 5 months since he had seen her and was told that she would be coming home for Christmas. He had spoken to her by floo powder, had brought him the lightning shot, which was destroyed at Halloween...he just missed her...and Dad. He missed him too. And then a thought struck him, something, something that Constantin had said lit a spark in his mind and all the hopelessness and helplessness he had begun to feel, having now handed over the work to this wizard, that there was nothing he further he, Septimus, could do, began to evaporate away like mist on a summer's morning. He brightened. "Thank you, Sir," Septimus said, gathering his cloak around him. "Thank you for all you have done, and all you will do." He stepped towards the door. "Now I must be going." "Going? You only just arrived" "But our deal is concluded." He turned to the door of the Dark Arts classroom. The door closed. And with a movement so quick that Septimus didn't see, Constantin stood in front of it. A fear overtook Septimus's mind as his way out of the castle and back to Snape had closed, but, just as suddenly he had the presence of mind to nod in agreement, ignoring his racing pulse and clammy hands. "Yes, Madame Maxime asked for me to be returned to her." Constantin did nothing for a moment, both he and Septimus looking at one another. Then, the wizard's mouth turned into a smile. "Of course! Then I will take you to her!" Following the Professor of the Dark Arts back up the corridor Septimus felt his heart lighten as the shafts of sunlight found their way through the small windows of the passage, gaining in their brightness as they reached the door through which the head teacher had taken him earlier and given him tea. The door was open when they arrived, wherein the headmistress say, glasses perched on the end of her nose as she examined a large sheet of paper in front of her on which impossibly neat handwriting told her of "l'ecuse" and "l'deregard". Finished so soon? "Ah, Masteutr Septimus Lupin?" She looked up from whatever she was reading. "Finished so soon?" Standing, and then moving lightly towards the doorway, which made her seem even taller than before, she looked down on him and Constantin. "Your business is concluded?" "Yes, Madame," nodded Septimus, as the vampire hunter nodded. "Indeed we have," Constantin echoed. Septimus stuck out a hand. "Thank you, sir. I am pleased at our agreement." "Yes, indeed." Constantin's blue eyes twinkled, taking Septimus's hand in his own firm, cold grasp. "It has been a most satisfactory arrangement." The wizard made his way back down the passage and, Septimus presumed, back to his classroom. He watched him go before Madame Maxime called him back inside. "I 'ave kept your tea warm, and look, we 'ave sandwiches, and little cakes." On the tiered cake stand, there were indeed sandwiches and cakes. Septimus's stomach rumbled. But then, a thought struck him. Doors closing when he wanted to go out of them? Being offered food and drink? It was one of the first safety lessons they had all learned at Hedgewards. "I am afraid I must say no. My headmaster is waiting for me, and we must go." He turned to look at the office door, which had closed behind them. "And..." "What, ma cherie?" He turned back to look at Maxime's happy face. This silly. You will think I'm pathetic if I say this, he thought to himself. But he had to get back to Snape, and for some reason, he felt the castle was trying to keep him here. "I thought Constantin would never let me go." "Ha!" Madame Maxime's tinkling laugh filled the air like fine summer raindrops. "Ah, my dear by, no. 'ave no fear. You shall be reunited wiz your headmaster within three lambs' tail shakes." And, wthout delay, Septimus found himself escorted back up the corridor to the huge gateway. The February sunlight seemed as hot as a June afternoon and he blinked into the brightness. And there was the wall which had opened for him to come through, and just beyond, Snape and...where? What was he going to do now? A happy thought rested into Septimus's mind. He knew exactly where. A blustery breeze whipped across the expanse of lawn and garden. The robes of some students whipped up around them as they walked over to the west of the castle, their laughter caught within it as they held onto their hats and the papers they were carrying. "Well, now it is time for "au revoir." Madame Maxine smiled, opening her arm and gesturing towards the castle wall. "It was good to meet you, Masteur Lupin, and for you to visit our 'umble ecole. Come again any time." She escorted him to the wall of the chateau, and Septimus's heart began to race. Done, all done. His father as good as on the mend. Constantin agreed to help him, and... ...his thoughts broke off at a noise just beyond hearing, stopped him in his tracks. He looked up, and around, to see where the sound, rhythmical, soothing, was coming from, and he felt his muscles in his arms and legs weaken, as if he had done too much. He gasped a breath or two... ...if he could only sit down, maybe even lie down...a sleep would do him good...he could stay here, in this sunshine, on this warm grass...if only he closed his eyes... Suddenly, a voice made him come to, a voice he knew. It had called his name from beyond the castle wall. Septimus! Septimus! "I must go, headmistress," he managed, with all the manners he could muster. "Severus Snape is waiting for me just beyond the wall and I must tell him my business is done." He stared at her desperately as he said this, imploring this witch to help. For, of the beguiling sound came again, Septimus knew he would not be able to resist closing his eyes and sleeping. "Ah, ma cherie," the headmistress said, sadly. "Ze spell, it is broken. Ze chateau knows you wish not to remain with us." At this, just before him, the walls began to open, just as they had done when he had attived. Now, was his chance, now was - "Now, Septimus!" It was Snape. Standing where he had left him, on the tuftings of grass without the castle, he spied Septimus and shouted for him. As he did so the noise that had heralded their arrival began to arise. He ran towards the opening, which was beginning to close. He made a dive for it. Snape, on the other side, ran towards him and caught him as he leaped through, dragging him on still further as the noise grew unbearable in volume and wretchedness, then bundled him onto the Broadclad, Septimus at the front with one of Snape's arms around his waist. He clamped his hands over his ears. When they had flown out of range of Beauxbatons, Snape took the broom down to a field near a river south east of the castle. The weather was unusually bright for this time of year and the French countryside was beginning to suggest that spring and summer were close to hand. After a few minutes of them sitting next to one another, Septimus breathing heavily to recover his breath, Severus Snape turned to him. "I take it Constantin accepted your offer?" Septimus nodded. "He agreed to take all of the research books, everything I took to help my Dad." "And so, what do you want to do now? Caelius expects you back. We can explain your absence to the new headmaster." "I am not going back, I am going on." "On? On where?" Snape frowned. "You have done what you came for." "To my mother. To where she is being held." "And just where is that?" "I, er, don't know exactly," said Septimus, his boldness at his assertion fleeing from him. "But I know that Dumbledore and Grindelwald are amassing an army in the Black Forest. I am sure that she is there, if they have captured her." "Constantin told you this?" Septimus nodded, weakly. Out in the open, spoken aloud, it sounded silly compared to the glow of decision that had filled his head. "If they have her I want to go there and get her back," Septimus pressed. 'll do it alone if I have to." He stood up, taking a quick look at Snape, and then round at the scenery. Where exactly was the Black Forest? Was it even in France? "Don't be a fool, boy," said Snape. But it wasn't a chiding, or a dismissal. And Snape wasn't trying to force him back to Hedgewards, either. "I need to help mum, somehow. I need to talk to her about the book, the one about Harry Potter. And ask her about Dad, and try and help her if she is unwell. Surely that is more important than school." It wasn't a question, and, as such, Severus Snape did not answer it. "Do you think one of those things could be the reason she is missing?" "May I suggest there is more than one way to skin a bat?" Septimus lightened. Snape was, well, not exactly agreeing with him, but not stopping him either. "I need to travel to where she is," he went on, "To the Black Forest." He looked up imploringly at Snape, who was watching Septimus with interest. "I am not going back to Hedgewards, sir. I intend to find her. But..." "But..." "Please, Professor Snape, I know where mum is." "The Black Forest." "But..." he looked up, his eyes beseeching behind a core of determination. "II...am afraid to go alone." 88888888 Tabitha watched the retreating pair, flying to the deserted farmhouse, no doubt to eat, to discuss. Though she had considered what this moment would be like, the young boy, the brilliant wizard, she had thought somehow that it would be different, that she would feel different... If only Nicolas Flamel could have seen...but he was busy in his own time, with his wife, melancholic for the future, for he, and Tabitha too, knew what it held. As to his request? She would do what she could. She knew where to find Ramon Lully. At least Herpo the Foul was easier to locate, his thought clouds, now that his memories, in the form of clouds in this place, were coalescing around a central nucleus of memories. Salazar Slytherin, she hoped, with his determination to see that all wizards had a fundamental education, no matter where in the world they were, would be true to form,and it would make the whole thing much more straightforward. But, would he have the book? Or would she land on a memory too early in his time? Pausing to pick a handful of loganberries Tabitha's gaze picked out the narrow, zig-zagging path that she must now take to Hedgewards, and the fifth of their number. If only he had known, back then, the five of them, making pledges to make the world better, what the future...what futures held...
8888888 "How are shifts going?" Caelius Lupin, sat carefully on the edge of the chair at the Wizarding Cabinet building, his eyes fixed on the misaligned brick within the fireplace. He had needed a break, having dammed up his deluge of work behind more work. Dawn was a few hours away but, like him, he expected that James Potter would be there waiting for the night shift to arrive back. Within a few minutes the Head of the Reciprocators was there, his frame bent with exhaustion and fatigue towards the fireplace at Grimmauld Place. The policing of the country, both with aurors and reciprocators had eased off since Christmas. A ceasefire of sorts, he speculated, knowing that the petition of "The Declaration of Wizards" was lodged in Strasbourg, meant that Dumbledore had presumably relented on the front line of Conjurist propaganda, and a good thing too. And, despite Caelius's reservations, even the NWRs had offered their own brand of help, mainly liaison, an added bonus, to any call-outs that they had now. Even the Blewitts. If someone had told Caelius in November, when Thales Blewitt, who had been as a defendant in the Ministry, that he had joined the NWRs and would be spending his time, enthusiastically, Caelius was given to understand, promoting the suppression of conjurism over the rights of all people, he would not have believed them. "It's tough going. Look, Sirius is asleep and there's no-one else here," James continued, putting his hand to his eyes and rubbing, "are you able to come here? The floo is making me a little unsteady." Sitting on the settee near the window ten minutes later, Caelius arrived. As he waited for James's return, Caelius's eyes scanned the scene and they soon rested on a walker was sure he had spotted a very early dog-walker, trying to get the animal's exercise in before work, presumably, the sodium-yellow lamps reflecting off a bomber jacket and the collar of the dog as both retreated to further away from them. The best time of the day, thought Caelius, as the sun on the horizon threatened a very fine day coming. "I directed Harry to you, James, in order to carry on with the work, thanks," Caelius added, as he sipped the tea. "I take it he hadn't been to see you?" Sitting next to him, James shook his head, sipping his own tea thoughtfully. "What is it you'd like me to tell him?" "The truth. About the going of the time turners. He will have no difficulty in understanding your part. But, whether he gets to mine is entirely connected to how much time he has. As it is we are six weeks away and I have yet no discernable defence in order to fight to keep integration at Hedgewards. That is where it will end up, of course." James sipped his tea again, not saying anything. Eventually he did ask, "What do you have?" "Testimonials from witches and wizards, and from the Combined Government. I have auror and police statistics which tell of a decrease in attacks. I have statements from my ministers. I have happy children at Hedgewards learning together, encapsulating, in miniature our country's society. "And the veil? Is that to come into your report? Or Harry's?" "As much as I can distance myself from it, I will, otherwise our own purpose may well be called on to give evidence. But, it is more about the Declaration – this is the purpose the Grand Witan has convened to discuss it. But you and I know that we will have to defend our position. I have secured the dementors; they have long gone. But, you know, these things linger in people's minds." "That's because they don't really understand it," replied James. "Not many do; there has only ever been one. Or, perhaps, two." James nodded, mutely. Much as he would have liked to have contributed to the conversation, he had already been up for nearly twenty hours, and his lack of energy was making it difficult for him to concentrate. He tried again. "Dementors?" he asked. "How are they connected?" "They're not, really," clarified Caelius. "It was just their nature of...despondent hopelessness...that you feel when they are anywhere near." "So, why is it important you use the veil at the "Declaration?" "You don't know!" Caelius exclaimed, into his teacup. Oh well, he would just have go to the bother of sharing the information formally. He withdrew his wand, standing up. James, putting down his cup, withdrew his and getting to his feet too. Pointing over the coffee table, Caelius began the security spell, which was finished by James. From between the two points sprang a change in the air, which spread all around the wands and then by themselves, its interface between it and the air around it, dissipating out around the room. "Now," said Caelius, "the time turner. The one that has always been missing from the department..." "Lucius Malfoy was in charge," James replied uneasily. "That is understandable, with his arrogance" "The whole business should have been sent to the Department of Mysteries and - " "Ha!" Caelius, despite his weariness, ejected a short laugh as James Potter's face moved itself from failure in the retelling to realisation. "I mean, there was one out, one other one, too. I have only just remembered." James cupped his head in his hand, wondering whether this was accurate. "I mean - " "Tabitha Penwright," interrupted Caelius, simply, moving his cup away from his arm as he fixed James with deep look. "Tabitha..." "We knew of Albus Dumbledore's association with Gellert Grindelwald; we knew they were trying to access the memories that were stored Beyond. Tabitha was convinced that her lack of magic could permit her to go Beyond via the veil to repel the incursions and survive. Aberforth put it to her that, under such circumstances, it would be advantageous to his brother's temerity. She was afforded a Time Turner. We began to get...effects...in the Department of Mysteries, at first, with the Dementors." "Dementors?" "Any prisoner, should they be taken Beyond. We have used this method of capital punishment since the late 18th Century. "The veil is over 200 years old," concluded James, nodding. "Yes." "No, not that age," replied Caelius, leaning back in the chair, closing his eyes momentarily. "The veil is over two thousand years old, probably older. It was placed into the Department of Mysteries' care after being discovered on an archaeological dig in Egypt in 1797, mainly because they didn't know what else to do with it. A few of their number let their curiosity get the better of them, ventured too close, never to return. "We knew the memories could be accessed by pensieves, but not for long periods of time. Tabitha's brief was to find the link to Albus Dumbledore and, somehow, eliminate, or, at least, stop them being a cause of destruction in our world. He and Grindelwald are interested in wizards, certain wizards from our past whom they believe will be a strength to their cause." James said nothing for a moment, as the information sank in. Tabitha was sent Beyond to stop Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore from using anything they could get their hands on for their cause. "That certainly makes sense. If I had to choose someone to do that, well," James, nodding, pictured the unimposing, characterless Mysteriour to move around a place full of memories unobtrusively. "Only, we did not expect Cecilia. Nor," Caelius hesitated. No. It was too early. Closer to the correct time and James would know. Nearer to the time, then the plan would reach its conclusion and he could afford the Head of the Reciprocators the information he would need. "And "Happily Ever After" as my cynical wife would have it." James looked away, and out through the window, where dawn had a grip on the colour of the sky, overwhelming night now and ensuring that it would dominate, for a good sixteen hours, at least. Poor man, thought Caelius, watching him. Caelius could see the difficulty he was having even naming Lily, or Remus. "Not "Happily" if Dumbledore and Grindelwald have her," cautioned Caelius. "As they have her," he corrected himself. "So, you feel that it's significant that they are interested in the veil and the memories and Cecilia is, essentially, one of them?" Well put, James, Caelius thought. "It is a strong possibiliy. Which is why it is absolutely vital we keep up the fight on all fronts. And my fight is with a parasite destroying my brother. I must go. I am meeting Constantin at St. Mungo's. " Caelius raised his wand, waiting for James to mirror it. A "creak" above them caused both wizards to jerk their eyes heavenwards. Sirius was getting up. "So, when Harry comes to you requiring information for me about time turners..." "I'll be selective with what I say to him." James matched Caelius's wand formation and the door was opening slowly across a thick pile. From the outer reaches of the interface contracted, its bubbly, writhing, its centre distorting the light until it was unable to be seen. And, in a few moments Sirius had replaced Caelius as James's companion in the living room and Caelius was just inside the main doors of St. Mungo's hospital. 88888888 It didn't take long to locate a healer, one who was caring for his brother. Caelius moved slowly and quietly through the patients located down here, on their last chance with the world, and it didn't take long until he reached Remus's beside. His poor brother. On his left was a long-yellowed bruise running from under his arm down his side, its colour still visible after nearly nine months after his attack and in his arm a needle dispensing the slowly-delivered stabilising drug although, thought Caelius, he did seem a little more at peace than he had done just before Christmas, before he had been started on it. He did not see Lily at first, sitting silently and holding his hand. His eyes went from his hand, up Remus's arm and to his face, both as delicate porcelain being held up to the light, translucent and delicate. He knew he was the cause of this, indirectly. Sirius had the werewolf vector; Remus the vampire. It didn't matter what they had, it had been he, the Minister for Magic, who had agreed for halfbreeds to be admitted under licence. Even if they had asked to see licences they would still, more likely than not, have been bitten, it had been so quick. "I am pleased you are here, " said Caelius. "He will appreciate your attention." If what you forfeited your marriage for at Christmas stands, he added, to himself. Lily turned her head to the Minister of Magic, her face lined and gaunt. She didn't reply – her face seemed to suggest she was finding just being there difficult. She nodded. "Mr Lupin," began the nurse, Grace, who had been attending Remus. "I am so glad you are here. We have had enquiries into a potential treatment for your brother. May we discuss your consent to the treatment being proposed? 88888888 It was not the first time that Harry had visited Godric's Hollow since Christmas but it was the first time that he had noticed a difference in his childhood home. Not that much was out of place; there was very little to suggest that his mother had now moved in to Grimmauld Place – one or two books missing; a lack of her bits and pieces in the bathroom. His Dad was waiting for him, having closed his eyes for a few hours, arrived back from Grimmauld Place and his conversation with Caelius, a pot was on in the kitchen, a wooden spoon stirring the contents; the candles were all lit. The radio was tuned to the "Wizarding World Service". James Potter, looking far older than even the last time Harry had seen him, directing the last Reciprocator shift a fortnight ago, turned as the green glow of the portable floo glowed and enlarged on the hearth rug. "Hermione's in Strasbourg preparing for the end of March," said Harry, holding the cup of tea his father had made for him protectively between two hands. "And besides, as I told you, I accepted some work from Caelius Lupin." "Indeed?" asked James, settling himself down in his chair near the hearth, the chair he always sat in, Harry remembered. The chair that he used to throw himself at to show his love for his father; the one Sam used to sit on the back of and drape his legs over his father's shoulders. "That blessed "Declaration"!" he exclaimed, narrowing his eyes. "And you accepted Caelius's offer." "It was more money. We need something to start with if we aren't in rented for the rest of our lives." And then, he added, a little quieter, "I thought you'd be pleased." James looked across at him, and then shook his head in defeat. "Of course I am, Harry. But, well, it's Caelius, isn't it? Things never usually go to plan when he's around asking favours. What is it you have to do?" "Collect evidence surrounding the "Art of the Wize", said Harry, evenly. "Look further beyond the ministry; look in places which can't be found, or something. And he told me there was something to do with time-turners, anyway." "Really? He told you that, did he?" James Potter nearly dashed his half empty cup to the carpet in exasperation. "I bet he's gone and told you to go behind the veil, too, has he?" This was a mistake, thought Harry, as he looked at his father. Clearly he was not up for taking anything seriously or at face value; he was often sarcastic, usually very chatty. But, a lot of the positive side of his dry sense of humour seemed to have drained away to leave a jaded bitterness. "How is mum? Is she settled in well? And Sirius?" "Sirius was good enough to offer her a home." James cast his dark brows towards the hearth. "It all seems so simple, doesn't it, son? An affair lasting nearly twenty years kept nearly hidden from me. "Nobody wanted to hurt you..." Pah! And there I was, two months ago, just the worry of Sam on trial, and there was nothing much else wrong with life. I could get on with the Auror shifts and those of the Reciprocartors. But now...Tonks, she's co-ordinating the operational side of the Reciprocators when I'm not around." "And have you been around? To Grimmauld Place?" "Several times. I chaired a meeting, co-ordinated shifts. Did bit before I came back here." He looked around the oak-beamed living room, scanning up its timbers to the ceiling. "This was our first home, mine and Lily's. I worked hard so we could have a good start, like you." "So you'll understand that I need to begin our life well, which is why I took this job. What is it you know about time turners, Dad, that could help?" asked Harry, carefully. "I mean, apart from their obvious use." James gave Harry a sharp look, then a faint smile appeared at the corner of his lips. "Cecilia Frobisher, as was," said James, waving a hand over his mug and waiting a few seconds while the hot beverage filled it up, before swooping down with a hand and seizing the handle. "She appeared through the veil, but of course, you knew that. But what you don't know is - " " - is?" asked Harry as his dad broke off. "Harry, when I tell you what I am about to tell you, can you promise me that you will not do any more work for Caelius Lupin? Promise me now," he begged, his eyes almost standing out on stalks in insistence, "that you will not do anything else for that man. Because when people do, sometimes there is no going back, and where he will let you go will be dark and black at his whim without a care only for the outcome. Like Lily. It's her work you are picking up." A slight lift in tone at the end of the sentence suggested James's words were a question, but said more like confirmed fact. "I promise," returned Harry, equally as vehemently. "\i'll get this done for the hearing and stop. And this is my work now, not mum's. Cecilia came through the veil? I knew that. And it was a very rare thing to happen. What was it like at the time?" he continued, determine to get back onto the subject in hand before his father returned to his morose self. "It was like nothing, at first," said James, settling back down into his chair. "She arrived at the door, all agitated, waiting for Dumbledore to let her in: Aberforth welcomed her in, tried to calm her, for where she had come from was obviously similar to what she saw. "And then, she integrated, became part of one of us. Just settled into our lives as if she had always been. But, it's not really her that you need to know about." "Then?" pressed Harry. "Tabitha Penwright. What do you know of her? Of her work, I mean?" James sipped at his tea as he waited for his son to think. "She's supposed to have done something clever with the mystery she worked on," began Harry, feeling his face flush, knowing that his simple statement could not be all. "It has long been known the connection between other places, other universes, other dimensions through the veil is achieved using a time turner. Time travel? Ha! That's for those who think that time is like a corridor, to be passed along in a linear direction and, usually, only in one direction. Licences are only granted to wizards who have advanced spell qualifications and a number of years' experience. They must present a case for their own abilities as well as their intended use. That is, for time displacement n either direction, "Dear Tabitha was one, despite her limited magical ability. It was, as it turned out, that it was her limitations which qualified her for it's use: Caelius himself supported her application in view of her novel research." "Which was what?" prompted Harry, entranced by his father's story now. "Is this the same research that she undertook at the same time that Cecilia Lupin arrived?" James gave his son a look somewhere between admiration and pity – admiration at his ability to fill in the gaps and read between the lines; pity as it had been precipitated by his wife's long-term affair with one of his closest friends. "Within half an hour. It was Lucius Malfoy that oversaw Tabitha's departure and raised the rope. But the rope was still heavy, he found, as he pulled on it, and he assumed that Tabitha had failed. He kept on pulling but it was not Tabitha, it was Cecilia. She had come through the veil, unharmed, and has been in our lives ever since." Harry said nothing for a moment. It clearly was unusual. But then, it was a different time. No-one needed to be as accountable for things; the reciprocators and the aurors were not as open to scrutiny. This at a time that Dumbledore's Army was just being to be forgotten about as old history as Aberfotth was in charge, with sweeping, liberal reforms promising equality and egalitarianism. "So, Tabitha was investigating what was behind the veil. And Cecilia wrote that crazy book with my name on," summarised Harry. "That crazy, crazy book." James looked at him for a moment, saying nothing for a moment. Harry's mind was trying to tell him something. "And she is missing. Dad, do you think there is a connection between Cecilia's coming from behind the veil and her disappearance?" "He always claimed it was for security," James replied. "Maybe it was. She is missing, certainly, the one and only person to have come from behind the veil, an artefact which Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald had already been taking a great deal of interest in." James placed his hand over the teapot, warming it again. "And time turners can help a person navigate their way around the place beyond?" "It's what Tabitha proposed. A time turner can do this, if properly handled, as can a time turner be removed for any link between realities." "So one of your time turners has been used by Tabitha?" "Yes. It was checked out in the normal way. But - James stopped, not ready yet to admit this. However, Caelius had told him for a reason. He poured out two teas. "One has recently been stolen. After all this long it is still to be official reported." "Do you suppose it is important for Tabitha's work?" James said nothing – what he thought had drastically changed within the space of twelve hours. ""What you need to remember Harry, is that the veil is very dangerous. Wizards and witches, and non-wizards too have lost their lives passing through it – it is a one-way ticket to oblivion. But Tabitha saw differently. She proposed that access and control of the memories was not only possible but could be realised. Twelve years ago was her test run, and this would be the beginning of whatever she and Aberforth had agreed was her mission. That was what she reported. It was on that basis no more capital crimes were dealt with by Dementor. It wasn't long after when capital punishment was abolished altogether. "When Aberforth died, Tabitha was backed by Caelius, but he warned that it was a suicide mission – she had tested it but had no evidence that she would succeed. Tabitha insisted, she even knew which time-turner to take." "Which time turner?" "They are not all the same. In fact, because of the danger surrounding them, they are not even made any more. All the ones we keep and loan under licence are historical artefacts once belonging to wizards in the past. It is interesting to note that the one Tabitha took was once belonged to Salazar Slytherin, the one he gave to a wizard named Raymond Lully, asked him to keep for him before he disappeared." Slytherin and Lully? Harry remembered something of those names from his mother's work. They wizards from the Middle Ages." "Both of those wizards belonged to a group called "The Going", a group of wizards, alchemists and mystics united in their desire to liaise, work and co-operate with non-wizards with varying degrees of success, ranging from tolerance to persecution. In fact, Raymon Lully ended his days on a pyre awaiting being burned for whatever he had done to upset Catholic Spain. And yet.." "Yet he can't have done, Dad. He was around in the 1930s, he was a reciprocator! He worked with many scientists and assisted with the development of mathematics and physics." James fell silent for a moment before nodding and taking a sip of tea. "Caelius kept an eye on any mention of Salazar Slytherin or anything to do with a time turner, but there was not much to keep an eye on. Only old Tom Riddle who worked for the ministry, last of Slytherin's line. He barely had a heavy, rock-and-roll lifestyle, in fact, he barely did anything. But..." "But?" Harry prompted his father, making James look at him curiously. "But, Caelius believes that there was more to Slytherin's disappearance. In fact it was commonly postulated as such. And in the old days of he ministry when everything was free and easy it was a topic sometimes discussed. But security increased very rapidly because of..." James broke off again, leaning back into the settee, closing his eyes. "...Dumbledore's Army.," he finished, his eyes still closed. "Albus Dumbledore had taken more than a passing interest in the ideas of the Ministry. We think ...Caelius thinks...Dumbledore's aim is to access it somehow. But it's all very well when going behind the veil was a hypothesis, like getting to the event horizon of a black hole. Caelius told me that Tabitha had approached Aberforth with an idea, a crazy idea. But he agreed to it, saying it was the only thing he could think of which might prevent his brother or Grindelwald doing such a thing. Tabitha went down but twenty minutes later as LM was pulling at the light rope it became heavy again. He thought it was Tabitha but it was - " "- Cecilia Lupin." "Caelius suspects, or rather knowing Caelius, has a good deal of evidence to suspect, that there is a connection, many connections between Tabitha's experiment, Cecilia, Grindelwald and Dumbledore's interest in the veil and the rise of conjurism. Oh not forgetting a traitor and a missing time turner. And while that may all be a good old mystery real events have happened because of Caelius's decisions knowing this: his liberal stance to non wizards, his allowing of half breeds, his allowing of new into Hedgewards. All with the repercussions of a rise in conjurists with extremist views, causing further problems, including a rise in crime..." He stopped and paused for breath. Harry leaned back, trying to take it all in, watching the tea's steam coil and twist between them. "Fifteen years ago and this country was at peace. It felt safe, people felt safe - all people. You never saw people having the need to parade around with visible symbols of their magic. But now, the fears of one man and his desire to do good have helped to cause what he feared all along : Dumbledore's Army. Conjurists by any other name. And the remit of reciprocators, amongst other things, is to diminish the extremism of conjurism." Dumbledore encouraged in this as a diversion. But we can no more prove it than prove they desire to go beyond the veil to gain ultimate power over us all. He know this, Caelius Lupin, it's all very finely balanced." James shook his head, cynically. "He still has a lot to uncover, son, but listen," James moved to the edge of the settee, looking Harry sternly in the eye. "Promise me that this work Caelius asks you to do is just this. Don't let it become all-consuming. Spend time with Hermione. Make a better go of it than we did. For Merlin's sake remember, what you give him he will use, and the at the Declaration real consequences will follow." 88888888 Sitting in the Defence classroom, Julian Scott basked in the blaze from the fireplace as the snow peppered the windows with hard ice and sleet. They had come in early and were taking their places in the oak benches behind centuries old desks waiting for their fortnightly lesson with the new headmaster. Lindvald was late, which was unlike him, and the children waited impatiently for him, knowing that it was one of the better on their timetables. Darren kept looking over his shoulder at the door. Rufus, as usual, was amusing himself in his own little world, this time by taking his quill apart using a wandless magic that he had taught himself, and was getting on well with separating out the tufts of the feather when Professor Halen let himself in and paced spryly to the front of the classroom, stepping between the front bench Julian was sitting on and the glorious fire. "I apologise for being late. Miss Blewitt, will you hand out the text books? First years, have your quills ready. Last time we met I believe we were talking about a scientist by the name of Heisenberg? On the parchments on your desk, begin with a summary of what you remember." He nodded around the room as the parchment gave itself out. "Remember to include key ideas and events." "Hard," whispered Darren to Julian. "I can't remember what he said, much anyway. But I remember he was very good at telling it." "It was about magical philosophy," whispered back Julian, dipping his quill into his ink and then writing the name of the scientist at the centre. "Something to do about how fast you are going and also - " "Where you are, or not," whispered Rufus chipped in, straightening out his quill. "He meant for an object if you know one, you can't know the other." Rufus was awarded with a beaming smile from the headmaster. "It's called the exclusion principle," explained Lindvald Halen, when the class had divulged their ideas. "And nearly every result in a quantum state pronounces is about the probability of this or that or that ... happening—with usually a great many alternatives. The idea that they be not alternatives but all really happen simultaneously seems lunatic to him, just impossible." "What is quantum?" shouted up Scarletta Adams. Gordy Springs, who was sitting next to her jumped and stared at her in alarm. "Next time, raise your hand, Miss Adams," rebuked Lindvald, gently. "That was my next point. A quantum state is where you are not exactly certain the outcome of a particular event. Take a spell, for instance. We have discussed affectors and effectors." The class nodded. "OK, so, we said an affector is…Darren?" Darren looked up sharply at his teacher, not expecting to be chosen. "Er…an affector is…" he began, "…the beginning of a spell, what causes that spell?" "Very good, Mr. Black Clever boy. An affector is the start of the spell, usually, in student wizards, the wand-wave or the hand-wave pattern. And so…Ariella?" "The effector is the what happens in the spell. It is the result of the spell." "Good," nodded Lindvald. "Get that into your notes, there," he added, watching as thirty hands studiously began reaching for quills, dipping nibs and scribing down the definitions. "Good," he repeated, as he circumnavigated the classroom, moving from before the fire, allowing the heat to irradiate the front few rows again." "So, we have a cause of a spell and an outcome of a spell. But there is something, something in between. The spell itself. Somehow it initiates. It begins. It then has to take its form. Of course, it is energy, so it changes to become the type of energy that the spell-caster wants. For example, Scarletta. If you were to begin a transfiguration spell and wanted, say, this blackboard to become, say…" "…a table?" Scarletta proposed unhesitatingly. "A table. OK. The spell would be forming itself into the type of energy that is going to reconfigure all of the atoms within the blackboard into a table. Legs," Lindvald waved his wand. At once, the blackboard grew legs out of its four corners, pointing towards the wall of the Defence classroom. "It being horizontal, rather than vertical –" the table did as Lindvald described. "A polish." He swept an arc with his wand and the matte, dull surface became mahogany. It gleamed newly at them. One or two of the first years clapped. "There is a split second between the initiation of the spell, its propagation, in this case it being turned into a table from a blackboard, and its termination – the outcome of the spell," Lindvald explained, waving his wand again and returning the table back to being a board he could write on, producing chalk and began to sketch. "It is in this second that the quantum nature of magic exists. That energy could, potentially be anything, and frequently is." "The spell could be anything?" asked Julian, loudly. "How can it be anything if the spell began with the wand wave and ended with the change?" "Good question, Mr. Scott," Lindvald nodded, his eyes sprighting over the faces of his class. "Raise your hands if you also would have liked to ask that, except that Mr. Scott beat you to it?" Tentatively, and with a few uncertain looks passing between the children, checking that they were in good enough number to risk admitting it, over half of them put up their hands. "Good, good," nodded Lindvald, perching back on his desk. "So, I want to take you on a little journey with your thoughts. The spell had been cast, and the energy enough for the spell to begin its job of transforming one thing to another. That energy is simply like any other energy, it never knew it began at the wave of the wand and it does not know that it is supposed to be breaking apart molecular bonds, or altering DNA, or so on. "During that moment it could be anything, it could be used for anything, it is just energy. This is what Heisenberg said, and how it applies to spells. Uncertainty principle exists in all wave systems, that is, anything that is transmitted as a wave, which spells are, so there is a limit to how well you can know both the position and momentum. If we know where the spell is going, we can't know where it is between its beginning, with the wizard, and its end, with the result of the spell. Yes, Ariella?" "If we don't know where it is, where could it be?" The question quietened the undercurrent of noise which was beginning to arise and Lindvald broke into a beaming smile. "Miss Blewitt, that is an outstanding question!" Ariella nodded, and when Julian turned to look at her, raising his eyebrows and smiling, she smiled back. "Where could it be? It could be anywhere! In our world, or another. Just for a split second. And then it is reshaped and continues its journey and drives the physical change that the wizard originally intended. That is, if it were performed correctly – we have seen the effects of magic that has gone wriong, and we have spoken about magical safety and our responsibilities to people, magical and non-magical." "This sounds like what Septimus's mum's work," said Rufus to Darren and Julian. Lindvald's attention was drawn to the boy, but he said nothing. "I wonder where he is? How he is?" Julian pulled up his friend-finder from the collar of his shirt and looked at it. Septimus's segment still glowed a translucent red. "He's not in danger," Darren whispered back. "Not at the moment, in any case, but it went a dark greyish misty colour the other day. But not for long, and – " "And now," concluded Lindvald, terminatimg their conversation hurriedly, "we will practise our defence spells. If we wish to defend ourselves, without causing undue harm to our attacker, what must we do…Miss Williams?" "Accio. And if this doesn't work, "Expelliarmus…whateverthethingistheyareusingtoattackwith." Lindvald nodded, encouragingly. "For physical attacks, certainly. We will go over attacks on the mind in a future lesson. OK, push away the tables and benches and we will begin. "Do you think this happens with the rock that you are using, Ruf?" asked Julian, when they had finished and were writing up the results of their disarming experiments. Rufus, who had been reluctant to practise, and had defended himself against Lindvald eventually, turned his head slowly to his friend. "If it happens with all spells, then something must happen when they communicate. Perhaps their communication exists everywhere before it gets to the other plants. It's interesting though…" Rufus trailed off. Darren and Julian knew their friend well enough to wait for him to sort out his words. "When I spoke to Professor Longbottom, we both decided that we thought the plants must be living and travelling through their own time. So for them, their place and time can be different. Maybe the rock just acts as a transmitter, like the radio you got me acts as a transmitter," he nodded to Julian, who nodded back. "And the pensieves. And – " "I hear you have been making progress with the night-flowering jasmines," commented Lindvald, stopping the boys in their potentially lengthy discourse and pointing to the non-existent work on Darren's parchment. "And the pines," replied Rufus. "It seems that when they are younger, they communicate faster. Their time is ahead of ours. And at the end of their long lives, it slows down, slower than our own." "Indeed, indeed. This is fascinating. And you have found a way of understanding their communication frequencies?" "Not understand them like words, like we have. But they transmit different frequencies to one another at certain times. Professor Longbottom thinks that this could relate to their needs – water sources, the best sunlight, when to release their pollen. And…" "And?" "Some sort of defence. I would not say "attack" exactly, but a certain frequency seems to come from them when they feel in danger. And this results in a sort of energy pulse." "Ye, you got knocked flat on your back that once, remember, Rocky?" Julian looked at Darren, annoyed. "I just wanted to look at the rock – it was changing its brightness. I've never seen a rock that can do that before. I suppose the plants might have thought I was going to harm them. I wonder whether there is something happening within the crystal itself. It looks like a type of amethyst, a red amethyst…it must have iron in it, and silicon oxide. I wanted to take it to Huggy-Bear –" he looked in alarm at his headmaster, his halting abruptly before correcting himself, "er, I mean, Professor Huxley-Baird. I know that he knows about minerals, and –" "Indeed. Take it to him, if you can," chuckled Lindvald softly. "If the plants will let it go now, by the sounds of it." And to all three of them said, "I am glad you are taking an interest in the natural world and working outside the classroom." He looked at their work, which was still barely existent between the three of them, although Rufus's page showed promise. "Septimus would have it all done by now and we could have copied – " This time it was Darren's turn to stop sharply as Julian tried to "shush" him. "You are friends with Septimus." Lindvald nodded. "Yes, we want to know where he he's gone," declared Julian. "But he is safe," placated Darren, trying to make sure that Julian did not get them into trouble about the friend finders. They were finding they were useful even between themselves and did not want them to be confiscated. "Ah yes. Your friend finders…ah, very good. I have something similar." Their headmaster touched the chain at his neck. "He will be very pleased to have your friendship, your loyalty, when he eventually gets back to you. He is with the previous headmaster, Severus Snape, who, in this capacity, promoted your experiment?" Rufus nodded, adding "yes", under his breath. "Then, I am pleased to allow you to continue with it. You have permission for your investigations til 9pm on a school night, boys. But, as long as this does not interfere with your work. We need insight like yours, and one day…one day..." Lind stopped, as if changing tack. "One day the world will need minds like yours." "Merlin help the world," replied Darren, and they all laughed. Lindvald watched as the class left, the puddles of children reforming into a deluge of retreating children, pleased that the last lesson of the day was over. One day, he thought, Septimus Lupin will need your friendship, bravery and loyalty. 888888888 A very strange meeting had just occurred and Sam Potter was not at all comfortable with the outcome. Heading down the the third floor corridor to where Crystallia was working the memory of the recent exchange made him feel prickly and odd, like an allergic reaction and he paused at the study door behind which Crystallia was catching up on her two essays, one an analysis of wood types and cores that were the components of wands and the other was a wizarding geography. Although it could be chilblains – the weather was arctic and he had not gone down in this thicker cloak, thinking it would take no longer than five minutes to tell Blewitt where to go. His essays were due too, and others from last term. Ever since the Halloween Games his will to succeed highly had been shaken and, with Crystallia being so ill on returning back to Hedgewards what was the point in working so hard? His chances of getting the internship position had reduced and his heart wasn't in it. Even the need to do this for his parents had diminished since Christmas and the will to strive for the aspirations that his teachers had set was minute. So when Fraser Blewitt asked him to meet at the end of the North Bridge, the outer limit of Hedgewards before you reached the edgestones he was all for telling him he could have the blessed internship and good luck to him. Hermione Grainger's work was hard and her hours long – he had heard Harry complain to Ron that he never saw her. But it had not been like that. For one thing, Fraser had been alone. Usually Henry Swales was with him – those two were hardly out of each others' company. But Blewitt told him that his family had changed and had seen the effects of his father's conjurism on others. Sam had been about to tell him to pull the other one but something in Blewitt's manner made him think he was being genuine. Crystallia would have been able to tell, of course. She had her watchstone. But he wouldn't dream of asking her at the moment – all she wanted was isolation and to study: it was as if study kept her mind occupied from the intrusive truths that she had tried to describe to him once, from each of the occasions that she met people and which Sam, though not without effort, had trouble understanding. There had been no need to be defensive. Adrenaline, which his kidneys had produced for the occasion, was left un-metabolised and Sam was now feeling uneasy. He hadn't told Fraser he wasn't going for the internship, in the end: Fraser had just extended a hand and wished him luck. He then urged Sam to seek out the headmaster or Mnerva McGonagall as he was obviously under a lot of stress. "We are learning spells now, real spells to help ourselves, to protect non wizards," Fraser Blewitt had said. "Last time this happened at Hedgewards was when my parents were here. I see now what terror this has brought. But I really think that perhaps non-wizards should be out of our way – it is causing harm to them here, and the teachers know it. Dad said that when he grew up he lived near a non-wizard family and played with the boy most days. He died, Dad feels that it was his fault. The boy's mum was furious and shouted at Dad every time he went to the village, went out to play, went to Junior school. When he came here he felt that Professor Dumbledore was talking sense. He was one of the first to join Dumbledore's Army. I agree with Caelius Lupin, though, non-wizards should know about us. And there should be a place for half breeds too, but not as Mark Swales went about it." Sam had run over the information that Fraser had just said to him. It had been Henry Swales' father who had had the half-breeds last summer, who had attacked Sirius Black and Remus Lupin. Perhaps if that had not happened, his mother would not have had that horrible outburst at Christmas; perhaps his dad would not be beside himself. Things just hadn't gone right since then. "Dad now realises – me too, as it goes, that Dumbledore and Grindelwald are seeking something, something more, dark magic, to control and to dominate. It's too much for him." Fraser had stopped, and had leaned against the balustrade, looking past Sam and out in the direction of Hedgemeade, leaning over after a time and then picked something off Sam's shoulder. "Thanks," Sam had said. "You still going for the internship, then?" "Mum wouldn't have it any other way. It's a step towards our government, and I can make a difference there." "Yes," Sam had nodded, smiling a little at his former adversary, though not with much conviction. The last thing he wanted at the moment was the practical and written tasks that formed the interview process. He just wanted to be with Crystallia, and help her, and deep down he knew that there was very little that would actually make a difference. And then they had shaken hands – it had been good, Sam reflected. He got to the door and put his hand on the handle, pushing down and letting himself in to the dimly-lit room. Crystallia's snow-white hair was covering the bottom half of a long sheet of parchment and it moved like a glacier, slowly and carefully, turning to see who had come in. She did look ill, and it was getting worse. Her eyes were sunken a little, black smudges were underneath them. Her skin reflected the dull lamplight and were almost translucent, her delicate veins in her arms almost luminescent. He tried not to let the shock show in his face, but he could see that Crystallia had noticed his expression. "It is good that you and Blewitt are now friends," she began, but Sam rushed over to her, taking her head in his arms. "What can I do for you?" he asked, as she put her arms around his body. "Nothing, my love," she said. But Sam knew that she was, for once, wrong. 888888888 Harry mused at the vast array of work on his desk. Now closing in on the end of February and in a month all of this would have to be processed into documents to be shared within the European Magical Parliament. "Auld Magic is the language and basis for spells," he had written, the streetlights illuminating the words in an eerie orange colour. "The building blocks of all spells." It didn't prove anything. Auld Magic were the fundamentals of all magic, the words, the spells, passed down through the ages. It was the alphabet. It was like having to rationalise atoms when it was the complex molecular organisms who were making the decisions. Often bad decisions, in the case of conjurism. It's like writing discriminatory documents and blaming the alphabet. He looked at the words again, this time in mum's curling handwriting. Auld Magic was indeed the first time magic had been organised – he would have to acknowledge that, right back nearly two thousand years ago, when the druids organised the natural world for the benefit of the Britons, and then five hundred years later when the Grand Witan called together all wizards from across the British Isles, warned of the dangers to non-wizards - muggles, they called them – that was proposed by Ohrus Ogham of Connaught, who also developed a list of basic spells, So it was this Witan which was unique, when magic stopped being as wild and as one with nature and was taken in hand, so to speak, taught in community wizarding groups to young wizard children. Non-wizards were not so much excluded as the wizards had tried to protect them. Yes, yes. That was what the action seemed to be. A protection, to prevent non-wizards coming to harm. And harm is what some non-wizards came to if they spend too much time in magical environments. They did it differently in the continent, of course. Division was closer to specialisation – there was little difference in the quality of life. But then, was he sure? Harry's eye was drawn to the Daily Prophet. More attacks, more murders. It was of non-wizards, very little violence was being perpetrated by non-wizards to wizards. And then there was what his dad had told him – how did this fit in? The longer he tried to ignore this, as his dad had counselled, the more the mystery of Cecilia Lupin, the veil and Tabitha, the time turners and the group called the Going was on his mind. There must be a link somewhere, to Auld Magic, to the wizards, to the veil, where the souls were. Perhaps he was thinking about this too much. He was sorry that he had seen his dad as he was; Sirius had been nasty to him and he had not seen his mum in more than a month. He looked back to the pile of papers and the word "language" caught his eye. This was not his mothers work, and it wasn't his. No author could be found. Harry scanned the words, many of them lighting on passages and paragraphs which discussed spells – spells again – being standardised when Hedgewards was founded. The tenth century – not long after the Grand Witan. Magic was findamental. The correct spells must be taught to prevent accidents and to ensure safety. "Magic," said the hand at the bottom of the page, "Was a bit more literal, to life, in the same way that electricity is literal to life today. Wizards literally couldn't get through life without it. And so, as a form of energy, it could be transmitted, and if you thought of the wizards who were capable of transmitting energy as the senders and receivers, this opened up a whole new possibility of communication of magic using spells. A little language of magic that only a few people could possibly master because it was genetically programmed, and yes, some people could work really hard at it and master it. And some people did well in certain areas, or if they got used to it by living in areas of high magical density. But, of course, some people did not. And, quite frankly, did they even care, as long as they were left alone to do their thing? Of course, there were always a few who thought they were wizards, but it was pseudo magic." Harry put down the paper, looked out of the window at the now night vista of his street in their town with its house windows illuminated, streetlights glowing, and far away, the orange glow on the horizon of the capital. On the back of the page another sentence was written, "We believe it is wrong to isolate non-wizards: we are one side of the same coin, not opposites. Working together is the only way to live." Woah! What had he just read? Something about genetics? Something about the organisation of spells? Who had written this? It was not Cecilia Lupin's handwriting. But the sentiment, the tone, was almost the same. And that of integration had a sense of Caelius about it. Was this how magic worked? Like speaking, writing, listening, reading, but communicating using magical energy? If it was, it explained such a lot. Then a pang, a shiver, went through his body. He would have loved to have discussed this with his mum – how much had she known. But, at the moment, they were barely on speaking terms. Lily was still blaming him for "being like his dad". And yet, it was she who had been having the affair. Pushing the work to one side he went downstairs, flicked on the television, and then back off again when he found nothing to watch. As he got up to begin some dinner for when Hermione got back, he found her already in the kitchen. "I didn't want to disturb you," she said, "but I was going to come and get you. Lasagne OK?" Harry nodded. "What's the matter?" asked Hermione, looking at his face. Clearly something was bothering him. "Did Sirius know of Lily and Remus's affair?" "What?" "Back at Christmas. He didn't seem to be surprised. Hermione put down the oven glove and went over to her fiance, putting her arms around him. Harry hugged her back. "He was drunk, couldn't you tell? He made some poor decisions that night; he wasn't the only one," Hermione said near his ear. "But this is a long term secret. He could have and not told dad. Dad says he has been avoiding him." "You went there today, to Grimmauld Place?" "No, to our house at Godric's Hollow. He's...well...devastated." "But, your dad has been busy, Harry. It can't be easy taking over the Reciproctors even at the best of times. How is your work going?" "Seems to be OK," said Harry, non-committally. "I have managed to define the historical meaning of the term "Auld Magic" so I suppose Caelius will want that." "It may prompt a current definition. At least that might de-fuse the conjurists a little. It might be the master stroke, considering they have brought about the call for their status to be declared within law. He who lives by the rules, and all that. Come on," Hermione said. "You don't have to do dinner tonight. Perhaps we can look at the work together?" "Isn't that a conflict of interests?" "Only if I were to use it. Knowing about it in the comfort of my own home will not prejudice my work," Hermione replied, seriously. "It just seems very strange that we have access to all of this, and Snape was the one who left Mrs. Lupin's work at our door, books that wrote themselves," continued Harry, tucking in to his lasagne. "Thank you for this," he added, "delicious." "That's not new – self-writing books." "But...books that were written by the thoughts of their authors? And they were the ones Septimus had in his possession when he ran away from Grimmauld Place on Boxing Day? And it happened to be Snape who went with him? Why was he with Septimus? Is that why he had gone with the lad?" Harry broke off and sat there, thinking. "Could be to see what was written, if that's what you mean," replied Hermione, after a time, cutting up her lasagne. "A shrewd move." "And then maybe, the answers would appear? Very clever. But...the change of headmaster..." Harry trailed off. "It seems...planned somehow. Somehow Caelius knew that Snape would not be there. Somehow he knew that Lindvald Halen would be available to take over just at the right time. " "You know, that tracking spell I had on Septimus?" "Is it still active?" Harry rested his fork on his plate. "He has been travelling east, very slowly. Walking I'd say. He got to Beauxbatons and is now in central France. Caelius never asked me to remove it." "I think you shouldn't remove it either."
"I got here as soon as I could," breathed Caelius Lupin as the two wizards stood either side of his brother. A week after his meeting with James and he was standing with the two men who were the best chance in the world that Remus had to recover. Lily was not there, which was unusual, and Caelius vaguely wondered whether she had made herself scarce voluntarily. But not all of his thoughts were of Remus: the dark-haired, slight form of Constantin, bending over at right angles to examine his brother's pale face with a large, mahogany-framed mirror, reminded the Minister of Magic that Septimus must have been successful in convincing the usually contrary vampire hunter to work on a cure. And, of course, that he had met Septimus in the first place. Pushing way the urge to ask about his nephew, Caelius turned to Lindvald Halen, who was holding what was, essentially, some of his own work which Cecilia had taken and modified, to be written down into the howling book. That particular volume was resting on the chair next to Remus, its cover tightly bound with a large, leather strap. "Even if this is to work, Lind, my friend" said Constantin, his accented voice reverberating off the walls of the underground ward of St. Mungo's, stowing away the mirror, it would need an energy source far in excess of all that could be physically endured by his body." "Hm." Lindvald nodded thoughtfully. "That is, if he survives the initial treatment designed to...revive him. For, as yet, the parasite has not triumphed." Constantin nodded to his mirror. "He is stable; the potion afforded him by Severus Snape has prevented the parasite from fully overwhelming his body and can still be revived - as a human." Caelius listened as the wizards discussed the treatment aloud, debating and considering point after point until they were in agreement. Caelius looked at the face of his brother. It seemed, somehow, at peace with the world, unlike these last few years, when his brother had looked thoroughly tired of it, but it was as colourless as the moon, drained of blood that it was, and yes, as he understood, if Snape had not administered the drip of modified animal blood his organs would simply have been starved of oxygen. But it was the oxygen which the parasite needed and it was the ghastly conversion of its host to a vampire in order to gain human blood, most suited to its needs, which was unique. Horrible, but unique. "Substituting sulphur for oxygen for just one moment, at the time of a huge energy input..." Constantin put the back of his hand on Remus's forehead. "...should work..." agreed Lindvald, folding his arms at Caelius's brother. "It all should work, otherwise the metabolism of energy in the mitochondria would be ripped apart in the energy." "I agree. It is what Kristadolou found..." Constantin trailed off. Caelius shot him a look at the mention of Constantin's partner, who he knew had worked with the Wallachian wizard when he was active in the Carpathians; Karol Kristadolou, who got too close one day and had throat ripped out by, well, werewolves. Constantin did not turn, however, instead continued to examine his patient. "...but if the timing was right then using sulphur derived from the allium satvum, the garlic, in a controlled way would destroy only the parasite." He turned, slowly, to look at Caelius, his dark eyes fixing the Minister with a look which unnerved him, and Caelius was seldom unnerved. "It is that, or death, Caelius Lupin," he finished. "What my esteemed colleague is trying to say," Lindvald stepped in, his words softer and more comforting, "is that this is the best chance we have. The potion will act by substituting the oxygen in your brother's cells with sulphur for a moment, only for a moment, which will terminate the lifecycle of the parasite which causes the vampirism. This must be done in the presence of an energy source. With correct timing, this treatment will eliminate the vector and leave Remus unscathed. Almost unscathed, thought Caelius, his body is a mess; his scars will always be there; the two puncture-marks on his neck, large and ugly, would always be there, ever reminding him of the mistake he had made. "Then, it must be done," Caelius replied immediately. "It is important that all that can be done for Remus is done. Especially considering his son's life is at risk with his mother having disappeared. Severus Snape worked out a similar prototype from the information Cecilia afforded him. Silver is needed, yes?" "In the initial potion. He must take one to eliminate the bulk of the parasite, which his body is keeping contained at the expense of his consciousness. This is what Cecilia achieved - ." Lindvald looked across the familiar face of Remus Lupin. "The second, containing the allium satvum essence will eliminate it permanently. If, and this is a big "if", he regains consciousness, your brother will be, in effect, a vampire, with vampiric traits of charm, strength and speed, aversion to light and unreflectiveness. Allowing him to reside somewhere other than here will only serve to endanger his family and friends until he can take this second one, of Constantin's devising." "Quite so," nodded Constantin, his head jerking up and down as he looked at Remus's immobile form once more. "And when do you propose that this initial potion can be administered?" asked Caelius. "The one that my sister-in-law theorised? That my nephew brought to you, Constantin?" He sounded desperate, and he knew it: it was rare for Caelius to lose his cool. "Once I can be sure that its contraindications do not pose a threat to his body," Constantin continued, holding up the brown-bottled vial, in which the silver nitrate-based compound resided. "Grace, the healer here, has been good enough to allow me to experiment with some of the bats, but at the present time - " " - at the present time, it has not been tested on humans," cut in Lindvald, his brown head nodding at Caelius. "I thought silver was for...well...werewolves?" "It stabilises the haemoglobin," clarified Constantin. "The same as in your wolfsbane, Minister." Constantin shifted from foot to foot. "It also contains a derivitaive of wild rose, and mountain ash. All proven vampire deterrents, however," Constantin paused, "all active in containing the parasite, which can then be...eliminated." Remus shifted in his unconscious state. Caelius looked at him, and then back to Constantin. "And how is it administered?" "Injection," Constantin continued, holding up the syringe, "for it needs to be fast acting, and - " But whatever the Romanian vampire hunter was about to say was lost for Caelius had grabbed for the potion, withdrawing a small amount from the vial and, before anyone could protest, had pushed the needle into his arm. "I will admit myself into St. Mungo's and - " But whatever Caelius Lupin's intention was, neither Constantin or Lindvald Halen knew, for the Minister of Magic collapsed heavily onto the floor. 88888888 "I have to say that I am really enjoying Quibball," said Ron, as he changed channels on the television. "I mean, it's not a patch on Quidditch but, you know, it's different." It was nearly the end of February. A week had gone by since he and Hermione had talked about the work he had been doing, and she had revealed to him that she was still tracking Septimus. It had been a difficult week. More and more information had come his way and he had spent a lot of hours wading through books and papers which did not seem to make his position any clearer so when his friend had floo'd him to ask whether he would want to watch the first televised Quibball match Harry had no hesitation. Plus, Hermione was working that weekend, so he arranged for Ron to stay the night. They were just about to watch the Quidditch highlights on "Match of the Day" when an unscheduled news flash had interrupted the programming to inform them that there had been a terrorist attack in London which had involved the deaths of twelve non-wizards. The news reporter described the scene and it was thought that conjurists were to blame. They went on to report that the King's Cross area was temporarily out of bounds and that anyone with any information, or who wanted to know about family members should call the number at the bottom of the screen. "Well, there goes the mood," said Ron, dolefully, as he turned off the television. "Hermione isn't at the Ministry for Magic today, is she?" "No, Strasbourg. In the apartment. A month, Ron, just a month, and that hearing will be over and I won't feel we are working ourselves to death. We can be married and not worry about things." "Do you think getting married will mean you won't worry about things?" "I mean, with all of that," Harry waved his hand towards the blank television screen. "I mean, once we have had the hearing that the conjurists want, when Draco Malfoy had heard it all, then legislation can be brought in and there's no excuses for conjurists behaving like that. You saw what happened in November: the Ministry was too scared to prosecute those two conjurists, Blewitt and Swales, or even dig too deeply for fear of making things worse. When they have had their case heard and feel that justice has been done, and they have got what they want, there's no excuse to behave like, well, like terrorists. And the Ministry will have the power to - " "You think that will stop them?" Ron scoffed. "They are extremists – this is just pandering to them. Don't you think they will see it as justification to carry on? Next time it might be Hermione's parents, or Fr- " Ron stopped, looking away. "How is Freya?" asked Harry, passing him a beer. The young girl, adopted by Remus and Cecilia, who had rebelled and was taken in by Tonks and Nick Smith still held a place strong in his friend's heart. Even after Christmas, it seemed. "She is training to be a nurse, last time I heard," said Ron, sighing. "Thanks." He took the drink. "I just wish - " Ron trailed off. Harry changed the subject. "We have been having an increasing number of reports of spell failures," Harry got up and opened the tortilla crisps. "This week has been the worst, and they all seem to be transformative spells, says Bertie Wergs. I was going to ask you, has there been trouble at work?" Ron worked for Britsh Floo, and he was deputy-manager for engineering. "There has been, actually, now that you mention it," said Ron, "we have had a real increase in failures, recently. I've logged them; it's nothing I need to deal with directly." "Is that why you've been doing overtime?" Ron nodded. "It's kept me busy," he replied, but Harry wondered whether Ron really meant the floo network. "Do you want the Quidditch back on?" asked Harry. Ron shook his head. "Then can I ask you – it's about my work. I wonder if you have ever heard of - " " - Dumbledore's Army," he continued, now they were upstairs in the spare bedroom which Harry had requisitioned to be his office. He leafed over a few more pages which he had collected together. "Caelius Lupin believes that they are the present-day conjurusts." "They are the same people," Ron conceded. "The same names which come up time and again. But some aren't, I mean, Lucius Malfoy? Peter Pettigrew? They are in the Ministry Cabinet, aren't they? Surely old Caelius wouldn't let them rise so high if he thought they were conjurists?" "His judgment has turned out to be questionable before," Harry pointed out. When Ron looked at him blankly he clarified, "Remus? Sirius? The half-breeds?" His friend nodded, before leaning over the pages some more. "These names," Ron continued, pointing to some in a list. "Nicholas Flamel, Ramond Lully...they seem to be coming up a lot." "Dad says they were part of a group of wizards hundreds of years ago who promoted muggle-wizard relations. Or at least, tried to make sure that they all lived in harmony." "It says 1375," said Ron. "That was in the middle of the Hundred Years' War. Didn't really succeed then?" "In 1375, they all, all of them, disappeared out of recorded history," said Harry. "I've searched for them everywhere – "The Going" they were called. "Salazar Slytherin I've heard of," Ron exclaimed, pointing to the name. "Was he one of "The Going" too?" "I can't tell. Lully was burned alive at the stake for heresy; Flamel was last heard of in Paris and Slytherin disappeared from Hedgewards one night." "Good name for their group, then, "The Going"", said Ron, thoughtfully, "they certainly "Went"." "Hermione says I should forget about this and just concentrate on getting on with what Caelius has asked for. But, whenever I do, whenever I look back at the Grand Witan and their decrees, or the beginning of the Reciprocators with the sainted Joseph Black, the common threads are these wizards, who I can't find anything else out about." "Look, mate," said Ron, putting a hand on Harry's shoulder. "I agree with her. Maybe you are reading too much into this. Maybe these wizards are just there, and that's it." "I'd agree with you," said Harry, "only - " "Hermione!" exclaimed Ron as Harry's fiancee stood by the door. Neither of them had noticed her arrival. Harry got to his feet. "Look, Harry, I was wrong – hello Ron - " Ron nodded in silent reply. "I know I should be in Strasbourg but look, Harry, you need to see this. You too, Ron." 88888888 In her nebulous dimension the man who…sometime ago…between both the coming towards Tabitha at speed and the going away from her had…gone. Across the semi-solid clouds Tabitha looked, and waited. It would not be long until the next part of the plan she had hypothesised would come into being. It was difficult, Tabitha considered, to relate the quantum nature of the place – it existed, in so far that you could say "existed" could describe here. Physicists spoke of other dimensions than the other three, fourth being time, and fifth onwards venturing into string theory, or gravitational waves. Physicists could never enter an actual physical place wherein excited the rest of their proposed dimensions, only express them numerically, in equations which verified each others' work. But here, it was as if the theory of the string dimensions was actually made real, memories of different times and even different dimensions were collected, unstratified, unclassifiable, unending. Time did not exist were in the way it had where she had come from…would come from…in the world time passed from moment to moment. But here, it was as if every second was passing at the same time. For Tabitha, everything was also happening together sometimes the events outside the clouds may happen in any order, cause did not necessarily follow effect. However, in the broad picture – the broadest, one with no frame – there were some things what would happen here, overlooking the memory clouds, offering some connectedness, some progress, of a sort, was happening. The man had gone, the clouds were coalescing by themselves now, without her help. Others would join them, or already had. About half the time that wasn't passing here had gone. Some sort of period of time meaning the other half would see…thinness, transparency…interconnectedness. But that was not yet. Tabitha breathed deeply. Multidimensional physics would be so much easier to understand if the physicists weren't relying on a language that had evolved to communicate mortal danger, food sources or the best mate. Tabitha had the memories of Nicholas Flamel, and Herpo the Foul all coalesced. Raymond Lully at Goblin Riots in trying to reciprocate peace and de-fuse a serious situation within a group of physicists and an argument with...the man who she had seen within the memories so recently. Ramond Lully in Corunna, the mystic monk, working with proto-scientific logic and determinism behind magic, in dark days of burning witches in Mediaeval Europe. And now...here. Another place she had been, but was it the right one? Yes. An archway, marble, carved in, well, a classical style. For it was ancient Greece, now, and she was in Athens, and had managed to arrive at the correct memory of Herpo the Foul. It surprised her that the veil was as she knew it to be, a translucent boundary between life and death. But she shouldn't be surprised, should she? Herpo had made it, and had accessed the Beyond. And he had with him a bag, a hessian pouch which he was now removing from his belt. Whatever was in it writhed and squirmed like a snake seeking liberty. Tabitha stepped back, the power of the magic which Herpo had used to create the Horcrux almost too much for her to bear, like an ear-splitting volume, or a tsunami, threatening to wash her back into the Beyond, outside the memory. The Greek wizard stepped forward, teetering just on the edge of the veil, his toes near the edge. Around him, the dust formed into a vortex, small at first, swirling about on itself in an anticlockwise direction. The empty market square, picked out in the late evening sunset, glowed orange as he stepped forward, one leg extending out from under his long, white robe, bag, with its fearful contents, in hand. If your soul is not intact you cannot reunited, Tabitha knew. Herpo was Beyond and would stay Beyond. He presumably must have had children, for Slytherin, and Riddle were his descendants. So, there was no leaving the Beyond, the Place of Souls, for Herpo the Greek. And around it were people, coming towards the veil. Tabitha turned and realised that they had been there all along, people dressed as Herpo had been, wizards all coming together. They began scraping at the very foundations of the arch, trying to dislodge it, which eventually they did, chanting and singing as they did so. The memory faded. Tabitha could now add it to her collection. Or rather, it adhered to the surface of the first memory of Herpo, which she had found...before...and was now clinging to it like static. And she nearly had them all. The hardest memory to find had been that of Salazar Slytherin. He had specialised in physical objects. He had found the location of the veil of his ancestor, and endeavoured to keep it hidden, burying it deep in an Egyptian tomb, with the remains of long dead pharaohs. Therein, in a different memory, which had danced just out of Tabitha's reach for a time, until she had managed to tether it to one of Nicholas Flamel, was a rock, derived from a source in an unknown land, an island far north of Britain, of ice and fire, which was spat from the volcanoes, and formed just below the surface of the basalt and snow, one which was called the "Philosopher's Stone", which found its way into the hands of the aforementioned wizard, despite Flamel existing three hundred years after Slytherin. For it had been the veil which had convinced Salazar Slytherin to experiment with the passing of time, allowing it to speed up, accelerating him into the future at a faster rate than everyone else, accelerating the further he went from his own time using with the invention for which he was never credited. Sharing his knowledge with Flamel in Paris, and Lully in Corunna, Slytherin was the nucleus of their group. But, of course, that hadn't happened yet, and wouldn't until Caelius had done his bit too. Because without Harry Potter all was naught. Tabitha looked back at the memory cloud. She could think in sequence, but not in time. It had been four memories ago, when she had met the former French philosopher, abandoning his hopes for a better future and gambling it all on his wife. He had welcomed Tabitha then, for here he knew all which was to come, even though he was at a time in his life when he was caring for Perenelle, their ice-phoenix chipping away happily on its perch by the entrance to their cavernous home. Perenelle's ageing could not be slowed down by the red rock, despite all he had tried, for she was the first Narratoveritium, the first truththeller, from whom all truthtellers were born, and her timeline was already a little advanced of everyone else's, and it had been since birth. It had been this gift, or this curse, that had brought Perenelle to Nicholas, in a little back street within view of Notre Dame, and he tried with all his magic, with all his science to help her. It had been then But he and Slytherin had found that it soothed her symptoms, acting like a balm. That was, until, she had become pregnant with their daughter. There was nothing that either wizard, or even Perenelle herself, could do to prevent her madness now. The baby was adopted happily by a family just north of Reykjavik settlers, whalers, explorers, who were given gold for her upbringing and warned that the red rock should never be out of her reach. It was then that Flamel and Slytherin has returned to Europe, meeting up with like-minded wizards, including Lully and pledged to help forward the advance of magical science. But it was the chance meeting with...the man...whose domain was here...who added the spark of genius to Slytherin's time turner. For now, with Aloysius Lupin's brilliant intellect, they could go anywhere in time, and anywhen. And, whatever had been their motive to leave, the four of them, "The Going", had Gone. Halfway. Tabitha had already that memory, like an anchor, with her, that of Cecilia Frobisher, nee Wells. And now for the hard work. Because, before any part of her would be able to think the memories would eventually gather speed...and there would be no going back. So things needed to be right at the appropriate time. Tabitha knew Caelius would prevent rogue memories affect the memories Beyond again. He must do, for again, all would be for nothing. Yes, thought Tabitha, looking at the memories, bobbing like a bunch of balloons. Just you to find, Aloysius. They had all pledged to use the time turner – Slytherin's. And now, they were paying for their dreadful mistake. 88888888 "I made copies of your work, so I could get the other angle," Hermione explained, sitting down in the thirty-year-old chair gifted to the engaged couple by her grandmother. "I didn't think I needed to justify my professionalism." "I haven't asked you to," said Harry, a little amused at his fiancee's defensiveness. "But thank you anyway. I was just saying to Ron -" "I know, I heard. Listen, there is something, something in common with all of them, all of the wizards you told me of, Slytherin, Lully, Flamel...they all disappeared from the official record. And the unofficial one." Hermione sighed, sitting down on the other chair in the corner of the office. It was clear that she wanted to talk to them about it, or she wouldn't have come back all this way that evening. "I said that, didn't I, Ron?" asked Harry quickly. His friend nodded. They both looked at Hermione, who seemed pleased to continue. "I have access to the European Archive at Strasbourg," she continued. "It didn't take me long to get some things together. Salazar Slytherin left Hedgewards and went back in time. He took with him wizards who were like-minded. They believed in several things. They believed in harmony between all humans, no divisions at all. They also believed in educating wizards at a young age." "Aren't those two points just contradictory?" asked Ron. "Not necessarily," said Hermione. "They saw it as an advancement of wizards, in the same way that non-wizards were beginning to get educated. They sought to make spells more effective and more unified. But they did not necessarily agree with the 875AD Grand Witan's decree that it was for the safety of non-wizards. Around that time, Christianity was at odds with paganism, which had been non-wizards' form of worship for a long time. Our rituals were the same, only for magical people, they actually did something. Potions could be made that made people have great strength, for example. Or be able to resist diseases. Where druids performed sacred rituals wizards performed spells. Until Christianity came to Britain, and indeed Europe, paganism, as an earth religion and magic – Auld Magic – were one and the same thing. Slytherin, Lully, Flamel wanted to go back to these ideas to make magic more unified than it was becoming." "But he failed?" "We can't tell, Ron," said Harry. "It gets to that date in history, 1375, and there is not one record of their names, their deeds, their deaths, even, which is written down." But Hermione was shaking her head. "Raymond Lully. He was being burned at the stake as a heretic in 1375, but when the bonfire was inspected for, well, bones, there was nothing there, not one thing. Usually there were some bones, or cloth, or congealed organic matter, but no." "Charming," muttered Ron, with a shudder. "So, what are you saying, Hermione?" "What I'm saying, my darling, is that the names you are finding, and then just stop are the names that are relevant to the case of Auld Magic. Slytherin, Lully and Flamel wanted to re-associate with Auld Magic, but history for non-wizards had gone too far – the viking invasions made the Saxon Christians more determined than ever to rid their country of paganism, and this was swept aside anyway with the Norman Conquest and the rigorous census-work that was carried out. Wizards became more and more selective in the company they kept until, at last, Hedgewards was founded, which made the necessity of mixing with a population which disliked their way of life redundant. Non-wizards knew they were there, but gradually forgot their importance in their lives until both groups diverged from one another." "Wow, Hermione, you have done a better job with history than me," said Harry, shaking his head. "I have restricted status access," said Hermione, dismissively. "This is going in my report. But I won't dwell on the wizards who disappeared." "Why not?" asked Ron. "Because I think that it has something to do with Mrs. Lupin." 88888888 "We can rest here." Severus Snape pulled Septimus over into the grass verge of the country lane down which, to Septimus, felt as if they had been walking along for weeks. In fact it had been about an hour and a half, the sun on that late February morning warming his shoulders and face. But he was feeling very queasy. He was beginning to recognise the feeling now, a few days just before the full moon, when each step felt as if a vibration was passing through him, reverberating around his body, his stomach tight and his head light. It was not as if Snape, who had recognised Septimus's symptoms even before he had, had not given him anything for it: he had. The bottle was in his hand before Septimus had had a chance to even think about asking his former headmaster whether he had anything that he could take and, sitting on the floor of a barn in the middle of France, uncorked the amber-coloured vial and swigged a little of the bitter-tasting liquid into his mouth. "Do you need more? I have more," said Snape, as they sat on the stone edging of a bridge as it began to rise over a small, keen river. Septimus shook his head, and again when Snape offered him water. It had been like this for nearly three weeks, three weeks since they had left the west coast of France, since they had left Beauxbatons. Septimus knew that if they were going to reach the mountains in Germany they must not be traced by the time flies, otherwise his uncle would surely come to take him back. So they had been tramping their way daily with an imperceptibility spell hiding their movements. But, this morning, feeling the steps increasingly difficult, Septimus wished that they could travel a few miles by Broadclad. "It will take us just over six weeks to get to the village which you seek," said Snape, as Septimus took out his lycanthropy potion. "That's if we don't have to double back, or get held up at the border." They sat a while, as the sun warmed their backs. Snape conjured lunch, an apt picnic lunch of crusty rolls, ham and cheese. A tartan blanket spread itself over the grass and they sat by the deserted road enjoying the best that the local shop in Limoges might sell. It helped, very much and the writhing in Septimus's stomach eased a little. When they had finished their food, which was delicious and left tiny crumbs on the red, white and black check of the woollen blanket Snape pulled out from his robe a book. Septimus peered at it curiously as he read the title and, once he had done so, turned towards Severus Snape. "I once told you that you needed to be old enough to read this," said Snape, handing it to him. Septimus traced the letters on the front cover. A thousand of these had been given away nearly twelve years ago, when his mother had written, "H", "A", "R", "R", "Y" he traced, then, "P", "O", "T", "T", "E", "R". "I already know what's inside. It's mum's story book." He looked at Snape's face. "I remember these stories…and you said not to read them till I was eleven." "I said you needed to be eleven to really appreciate them. That is not the same as remembering the stories." Snape touched the cover, remembering talking over several theories about them with Aberforth Dumbledore. "Can we stay here a little longer? I promise to read." "A little," said Snape. "And you must spend your time reading this as we go. You need to be prepared." Clearing away the lunch plates from the rug Snape replaced them with a bowl of fruit, grapes, apple slices and tangerine slices. "Can I ask," said Septimus, looking up from the first page of the book, "there is something I am not quite sure of." He knelt up, pushing the book to one side and then getting to his feet. Snape got up, too. "My father, my real father. Remus Lupin, lying ill in the wizard hospital in London..." He broke off, folding his arms and looking down, the river, it seemed, growing mightier as it left his sight. "Your father, Remus Lupin, is, without a shadow of a doubt, genetically your father. But, there is a complication. That complication will become clear as our time in finding your mother grows near." "You think I should ask her?" "You should do whatever you think is best when you eventually find her. "You think I will find her?" Severus Snape placed a hand reassuringly on his shoulder. "I am certain. If I were not, I would not be walking around in the middle of France with you eating what I can only describe as delicious food." But Septimus frowned again. "He is not a werewolf. It was Sirius, Dad's friend, who was bitten by a werewolf. He was bitten by a vampire. And in any case he was not a werewolf when I was born." "No, indeed. But genetics is indeed only one side to the coin. You should not worry yourself unduly. There are things which aren't always clear. Do you love your father, Remus Lupin, who, is ill and being cared for so dearly by your uncle?" "Yes, yes," nodded Septimus. "He is my dad, he brought me up, took me places, taught me to read, gave me his wand to practise with on the cat..." "But, Constantin said..." He trailed off. What had Constantin said? What did he mean? The water below rippled over rock as he considered it. "...he said," Septimus declared, emphatically, "that Remus Lupin was my father." "Then I think you have answered your own question." Snape looked around him. "The weather seems to be holding, though there is a strong breeze which may mean we get a change later on. I suggest we continue on, Septimus Lupin, when you feel that you can. Please," he gestured to the fruit. "Have some. The sugar in them will make you feel better, I expect. You know where to go?" Septimus nodded. In his mind it was clear they should navigate north east: he could see the road stretching in front of them, the fields levelling out and the valleys becoming gentler, before they turned into undulating greenery at the France-Germany border. It had always been like this – one look at direction and he was able to navigate with a high degree of precision. "I know it. I saw the village. I know where mum is." Snape nodded. "Then, off we go." 88888888 "That's not all," Hermione continued, as Ron and Harry listened. They had all settled down now in the office room and were listening to Hermione intently. "Have you ever heard of a man, an Athenian from around 350BC, who also disappeared out of history, by the name of Herpo the Foul?" "He lived in Ancient Greece, Hermione, there wasn't a a lot of recorded history." "His name went down in infamy for creating spells which were horrific, but when you read about what he did, transfiguration, apparition, levitation, there isn't much that is different to nowadays. Except this." She handed a piece of paper to Harry. It was old, ancient. "What is a horcrux?" he asked, as he looked up from the brief note, then handed it back to Hermione. "That is very dangerous magic," interrupted Ron, who had gone a little pale and shuddered as he spoke. "It is a part of someone's soul, which can be transferred to an object or another living thing. It's a way of trying to keep yourself alive by living on the other thing, or person. If it is still alive, there is no way that you can die." "Eurgh," exclaimed Harry, disgusted. "Like taking over their own body? Like some sort of parasite?" Hermione nodded. "He was the very first person recorded to have done that. And the last. He disappeared one summer's night, just as he was about to be arrested for corrupting the young. He allegedly transferred a part of his soul into a memory, distinct from himself, and independent." "Well...?" "Well...?" Echoed Hermione. "What do you think of when you think of independent memories?" "A pensieve?" suggested Harry. "Yes. And, isn't that where Tabitha went to?" "For Merlin's sake, do not put that in your report," said Harry, suddenly. "If we mention Aberforth, then Caelius may have a lot of explaining to do." "Yes, well, that doesn't necessarily relate to Auld Magic. I will simply say that the pagan beliefs of this country, and this continent were one and the same as the magic practised by wizards at that time, and through legislation at the Grand Witan they diverged." "OK," said Ron. "So, why does this relate to Mrs. Lupin?" No-one answered for a moment. Then Harry raised his eyebrows. "She came out of the memory store and through the veil. From somewhere else." "My thoughts exactly," said Hermione, beaming. "And what else do we know about the memories, and specifically who?" "Who?" "Who communicated using the portable pensieves at Halloween?" "Conjurists?" suggested Ron. "Yes," nodded Hermione. "And who is suspected of controlling them?" 88888888 "Are you getting any closer, Albus, my love?" Sunlight streamed through the skylights of the chalet in which both wizards had been working. They were now getting on each others' nerves a little, for they had been snowed in for several weeks. Gellert knew that he could have just melted it, and gone about his business with ease, and that Albus, his work accessing memories both within the Prime Pensieve and from Mrs Frobisher would be able to go on despite the weather. It wasn't their company, however. Albus was making very little headway with the collection and interpreting of memories was not getting any clearer while he, Gellert Grindelwald, had co-ordinated the covert, sporadic attacks both in the European countries and within Britain, which was usually Albus's domain, had secured, indirectly, the European Court of Wizardly Rights hearing on the "Rights of Wizard" and the next stage, with Broeck, at Durmstrang. He strode over to his lover, purring his words gently. "Are you clear on what you are doing?" "On what I am doing, yes, my darling," said Albus Dumbledore, still staring into the abyss that was the Prime Pensieve, wand raised, scores of tiny bottles filled with memories filtered from the Void, and some from Mrs. Frobisher's mill-pond calm mind. "However, any links between them are, at present, tenuous." "Did you not say we do not need much? Just a memory that will link us to our destination?" "Where to begin is the issue. I am looking the face of infinity, Gellert. You cannot imagine that this can be done with haste." He looked up. "Where I chose to begin was always the issue. I am slowly succeeding." "And this will be done by Walpurgisnacht?" "It will be done by Walpurgisnacht." Dumbledore looked down into the void again, the bowl, like a wide and translucent, glimmering pearlescently in the mid-morning sun. "And in the meantime, I have bought the European Wizarding Council." "Good, good." Dumbledore extracted another memory, allowing it to unravel its sequence of events, before whisking his wand round and round, the memory bundling back up into a wisp of smoke, before shaking his head faintly and returning it to the pensieve. On the balance of things, Grindelwald decided, his job was far easier than Albus's. He turned from his lover with a sharp intake of breath through his nose, and took three steps until he was next to the bed of the person who was their key. He bent over the immobile form of Cecilia, pondering the foolishness of her brother-in-law in his incompetent attempt at keeping her hidden. Didn't he know that they would have her in their power in due course? Or had he put his faith in one in the Ministry whose loyalty could not be bought by any means? Caelius Lupin, he scoffed, as he moved a lock of Cecilia's hair gently from her face. Myopic. So trusting in human nature. So trusting when he had that person blackmailed within his schemes. Bending lower over Cecilia he pondered the next few months. Patience, he cautioned himself. Things must run their course. So, Mrs. Frobisher. Where to begin? Ah yes, it's here, he murmured, touching her temple. But, how to understand? How to know which memory is the right one? Got to choose the right path, the right place. "You can be sure that once I get it, it will be bottled," said Albus Dumbledore, swirling the prime pensieve with his wand, like a cook stirring broth. "She has yet to dream it, dear Cecilia Frobisher. I have a lot of interesting memories..." He picked one at random, uncorked it, and let it unfold. In the centre of the nebula a scene began. It was one of Cecilia watching Sirius Black coming over the mountian near Helvellyn, his sable hair and obsidian-black eyes glittering in the morning sun, coming to see Remus, who had been asleep after his episode with the lunar eclipse thirty six hours before. "Yes, very touching," said Grindelwald, dismissively. "But is it what we need?" "It is close. But we need something..closer to the time and location we intend." He looked at his lover as he re-bottled the memory. "Have patience, my love. My task is merely to locate what we need. She will eventually give us all of her mind." 88888888 "So, you are saying there was a wizard, from the 1920s or 1930s, who was an ally of Gellert Grindelwald, a wizard, who chose to work with physicists of that era? And, for some reason, he is linked to the wizards who disappeared in 1375?" "I can't get any more detail than that. Grindelwald was, of course, a master criminal, who has eluded justice for decades. It was he who corrupted Albus Dumbledore, and Dumbledore, of course, who began to divide Hedgewards. Had it not been for Aberforth, the school would be highly selective, like Durmstrang, and a large proportion of wizard children would not attend. It's only now that Caelius has now begun to reintroduce specialised magic for gifted wizards and witches, now that non-wizards also get an opportunity to attend." "That's what the Reciprocators believe, that's what Dad told me," said Harry. "And what do you suggest we do with all of this information?" "Hold onto it," said Hermione. "Report only what we are asked to report. See what develops. Then we can see how right we were." Harry got up. Then turned back to his fiancee. "And the trace on Septmus?" Ron looked startled, his eyes darting between his friends as his mind tried, and failed, to fill in the blanks. "Hermione forgot to disconnect the trace we had on Septimus at Christmas. We have been tracking him on the map." Harry gestured to the large wall map of Europe on the wall above the computer, a line of drawing pins plotting course north east from Bordeaux. "Oh!" was all Ron could manage. "The trace on Septimus, Hermione. I vote we continue with it." 88888888 A strong, hair-tangling, clothes-flattening wind was blowing down the east passageway as Sam Potter waited. It did not feel as if spring was just around the corner. Tomorrow. 1st March tomorrow. And between tonight and tomorrow morning Crystallia would turn eighteen, born as she had been on 29th February. When he got the note, found under his breakfast bowl two days ago, to meet here Sam had been surprised. But, of course, people could change, people did. Too many people had changed in Sam's life. Constancy seemed to stem from change. Fraser Blewitt's manner and character had been exemplary following his arrival at Grimmauld Place with his family in the company of Aunt Petunia. Not only did the boy spend his time with Madam Pomfrey with the non-wizards who had begun to sicken again, he was assisting Crowfoot in the accessibility of runes to students without magic. Sam had been doubtful, and full of cynicism as the Head Boy of Slytherin House volunteered and assisted, over and above the necessary Head Boy duties, and had expressed as much to Jason Crudglington one night when he had seen Fraser hurrying down to the hospital wing. Jason, surprisingly, had disagreed, and had got Sam thinking about how someone could change their mind completely. Students without magic. That was a good phrase to use. It invoked equality; it invoked a will to help. This is what he had Fraser had discussed when he had met Sam an hour earlier. "Of course, we should feel compassion," Fraser had continued, leaning against the open wall next to Sam, who had folded his arms, doubtfully, his mind on Crystallia. "Dad says Caelius Lupin has exonerated us, and we should make the most of our chances. Look," he finished, turning to Sam, "I don't want us to be at odds. I want the internship, of course I do. So do you. But if we use our energies opposing one another we will never make it." "Do you propose a truce?" Sam had spoken the words before he had realised that they were out of his mouth. In the half-moonlight Fraser nodded slowly, extending a hand. And Sam shook it, shaking away any past hostility and promising a live-and-let-live future. And then Fraser had bid him farewell, and Sam had gone, over the edgestones and on to Hedgemeade, to arrange it. On his return, if he had been in the position to, he would have seen the shapes of three boys on the way back from the greenhouses, far later than the time they had agreed with the headmaster. If he had been in the position to, he would have seen them encounter Fraser's sister, and comfort her. He would have heard Ariella crying, upset that Aaron Crudglington had been taken ill, with same thing that one of the three had been hospitalised with before, but then explaining that it wasn't that at all, telling them that mum and dad together, we fought together Christmas and she was happy. He would have heard a conversation that finished with reference to her aforementioned brother, and that he was going to apply for internship, working for it. "That's good, isn't it?" he would have heard Julian Scott say, his smile in the near darkness lost to the girl. And he would have heard her sob and make them swear that they wouldn't tell anything which she was about to share with them. And he would have heard his name. "Sam Potter?" he would have heard Darren Black clarify, confusion in his voice. He may have seen Ariella nod. He may not have, though, for, after all, it was dark. "Fraser said," he would have heard Ariella sniff, "well, he told me he had - " - sniff - "...eliminated the competition...!" However, it mattered to him not what Sam had heard, or, more correctly, what he hadn't, neither the school, his exams, his parents, nor Strasbourg. It was Crystallia that mattered. He had everything arranged. 88888888 Cecilia moved in her sleep as a beam of sunlight fell on her face from the window which was above her head. In the chalet so far up in the mountains the first day of March marked the arrival of spring and even the rocks looming either side of the wizards' home. In her mind, a memory, of heathland, woodland, a copse of trees, more forested hills rising steeply up, a powerful force of water plunging from a high cliff into a culvert below. She looked up, her eye meeting the sun directly, glare, heat, energy from it too intense to look for any more than a second. "I'm tired of looking at shadows, at hiding," she heard a voice say. One she knew. One which belonged to a woman, gone, who hated her. And now she was looking at a rock, one with the very faint impression of a foot within it. And beyond, a precipice, a plunge downwards, to fatal oblivion. She had never been here before, Cecilia's unconscious mind knew. It was not a memory borne of primary experience. But nevertheless, she knew that she was somewhere important. She was in the Harz mountains, at the Rostrappe, where Henrietta Edwards had seen her last. Cecilia's mind turned over abnd over. Now there were new things, in her mind, secret things now, not her own thoughts, which were entering her mind, raw and quick. What power there was slowly emptying her mind was leaving space. And what else was an empty mind to do but absorb new ones?
(Author's note: It feels like I am back to when I started, back to the beginning of "Science and Magic" with few reviews and now, as "Art of the Wize" is coming to an end my reviews have again dropped. I always write my fics for myself, but, if there are people reading this, I always, always, love to hear your opinion.) 88888888 It must have been a difficult decision to call that evening's Reciprocator meeting, Tonks thought as she apparated with Nick into the living room of 12, Grimmauld Place. She had been in the auror office unloading some files to Bertie Wergs about the latest rounds, something she didn't have to do, but had decided to do following Christmas, and had kept it up. He had accepted the last weeks' batch, completed with not as much care as they once had been, Tonks noticed, for the shifts they had been assigned for the members they had were far greater than they had been six months ago. They were there, though, and that was the important thing. She had said as much to Bertie, who had accepted them, and thoughts of a warm bed after her long night out, she had made to go when he had explained that Caelius was seriously ill in St. Mungo's and Mick Mullen had been called out of bed and had reluctantly made his way into the Ministry just after 2am to act in his stead. It wasn't until Tonks had awoken at nearly four that afternoon when the gravity of the situation had sunk in and she immediately floo'd her cousin to fill her in. Sirius had explained that Caelius had self-administered an experimental potion that was for Remus and that he had collapsed in the hospital wing. He was now in the bed adjacent his brother. "For how long? What's going to happen to him?" "No-one knows. The healers are going to watch and see. What an moron!" But Tonks did not agree. She could only imagine what Caelius felt, having been behind the halfbreed legislation and his desire to reverse the effects of the vampire bite on his brother must have been overwhelming. And she knew that Sirius knew that too. Nothing Caelius did was without planning and foresight. However, feeling seemed to be shared with others as they arrived, just after eight in twos and threes. James was already there and the pressure seemed to be telling – he was no longer the sprightly auror of six months ago who was entertaining the reciprocators arriving back from shifts with jokes and laughter. Now, more sombre greetings were had, for more sombre news was ever being imparted. Molly Weasley had gone into the kitchen and prepared food for them all, which was a good distraction from the meeting ahead, and had soon been joined by Petunia Black, who arrived close to eight thirty in the company of Ann Blewitt. All three women were furnishing the living room table with food. The quantity before them implied a long night ahead. Already the two women NWRs had made name for themselves within the Reciprocators. The group themselves met and co-ordinated patrols around the country, at first helping injured non-wizards, and progressing onto prevention of confrontations, Petunia Black's skill in empathy placing in her in a unique and valuable position. It was harder for them to meet physically as often as the Reciprocators did, as they could not floo, but by means of non-wizard communication – the email, telephone, letter, they established a peace-keeping presence and de-escalating tensions were having a great effect. Tonight, before the start of the meeting both witches (although Petunia Black disliked being labelled as such) swore an oath of secrecy to whatever information was imparted and James had conducted the secrecy spell – all knowledge and surrounding intelligence would be forgotten if either one were to break the oath. In effect, it made them auxiliary reciprocators, something which Sirius loathed, especially in Ann Blewitt's case – for it was her husband, Thales, who had kept the half breeds that he and Remus had visited on that fateful day. Remus, of course, was still in hospital, his brother Caelius being the latest drama in the whole sorry mess. As for Sirius, there were days he thought he would never get out of bed. It had been six months ago and now, even with the modified wolfsbane potion, which Snape had adapted for him, even after a spurt of good health around Christmastime, he had barely had enough strength to leave the house. The room grew increasingly silent as James took the floor, leading with the purpose of the meeting itself. The Reciprocators, Ann and Petunia, dropped still and the speculation over the Minister for Magic's condition ceased. He looks ill, Tonks thought as she looked at his lined, haggared face. It wasn't just the face of the reciprocators, constant fatigue and weariness, this was something more, borne of betrayal, and the effort of going on despite it. He stood before them, swayed a little, then steadied himself, and cleared his throat. As well as Caelius's condition, which was of the greatest significance other matters, shift patterns, attacks and the forthcoming Hearing in Strasbourg on the Declaration of Wizards. In the minutes, taken by Benjamin Wergs, apologies were noted, namely Severus Snape, Caelius Lupin, Mick Mullen, Minerva McGonagall and Lily Potter. There were mumbles to this – Lily, having not been seen since Christmas at any meeting – was not a surprise, and Minerva at Hedgewards was understandable. But, of course, it was the absence of the others - Snape, Caelius and Mick – who the rest had were keen on knowing, for they were integral in that night's meeting. "I will begin with the easiest of these, namely the shifts," James began, a hand to his temple as he fought to think. "Though our coverage of the country has increased, and the incidents we have dealt with have been succesful, our presence is stretched. That said," he glanced around at the faces, dogged determination etched in all of them despite their exhaustion – Moody, Bathsheba Braddle and Dave Mullen having only been off an eight-hour shift for less than two hours, "if we did not do this, I can only imagine the hostility and enmity between wizards and non-wizards in the country. We are doing well. Had I been able to speak to Caelius about the proceedings in the Ministry, with respect to the forthcoming Hearing in Strasbourg, I could have given you the bigger picture. As it is, I will ask Mick, who is currently at the non wizarding ministry, with the Prime Minister, having had a meeting with the combined government this morning, to represent the Ministry's position at another time." Murmurs passed to and fro between the wizards and non-wizards, words such as, "potion", "St. Mungo's" and even,"Remus" could be heard. "May I say something?" Through the effervescence of the meeting's members Sirius raised a hand. James nodded, not smiling however, Tonks noticed. "In view of the opportunity that Remus can be restored to full health - " he darted a look to Ann Blewitt, "I would like to say here and now, on record, that I feel Caelius Lupin's actions show a high degree of bravery and commitment, as well as downright foolishness. I wonder whether I would do that for my brother? I hope that I would." At this, he nodded to Petunia, who nodded back, an unknown communication happening right in front of them, Tonks noticed. "Do you think - " began Nick, but Tonks shushed him quickly. "Then, I would like to welcome Petunia Black and Ann Blewitt, representing the non-wizard reciprocators, the organisation which carries out the opposite job to us. They patrol the streets, neutralising potential conflict between wizards and non-wizards, offer empathy, offer understanding. While the conjurists are bent on causing the maximum amount of hostility and antagonism towards our non-wizard neighbours the NWRs do an almost invisible job of repairing this." He looked across to Petunia. With difficulty, Tonks thought. Lily, despite not being there bodily, was there in her relation to those present. James Potter was showing a great deal of courage and professionalism chairing the meeting. "What was he thinking?" hissed Bathsheba, her long, black hair glinting in the candlelight. "I don't think he was," said Tonks. "I mean, it is a lot for one person to take on. Hold on, shhh..." she looked back to James, who had asked Arthur Weasley to note down the times and frequencies of attack. "There has been an increase," he concluded, as Petunia sat back down. "In occurrence and severity. More and more people are being injured severely by attacks from wizards. Now, they do not know the difference between wizards and conjurists and so, of course, they are beginning to become defensive when any wizard approaches them, in case they put a spell on either themselves or, if they are with their families, their children." "It must be terrifying," half whispered Molly, her voice downcast. A few others nodded in agreement, including Ann Blewitt. "Not knowing if you are going to be hurt by a wizard or witch who may otherwise be just stopping to ask for the time, or directions. So a lot of non-wizards aren't taking any chances. Public places, on the street, for example, shops, offices, government buildings, libraries, leisure centres, they are starting to ask wizards to leave their wands behind, or secure them in a locker." "Which means conjurists are seeing just what it was they have always imagined they saw, hostility to themselves by non-wizards," Petunia continued, her voice low, as if trying to control an inner anger, "and so, feel threatened. Hence the "Declaration of Wizards." "So," continued James, determined not to dwell on his sister-in-law's hostility to what she believed wizards to be, proud and arrogant, and turned instead to Dave, who had his hand raised. "In the mean time? What does the Head of the Reciprocators - " he turned his head a little and added, in a faux whisper, for comic effect, "that means you, James Potter, believe we should do?" "Carry on" said James, smiling. "I know that Harry has been preparing the Ministry of Magic's perspective, and Hermione too, for Draco Malfoy and the European Wizarding Union." "But there have been killings all over Europe," Mad-Eye Moody, irritably "killings all over Europe have been reported, and not as subtle as here, with feigned confrontations over football matches and disagreements in the street. Real murders! The torture curse! And those who survive live in agony with damaged nerves, so-called accidental deaths – being run over, falling off very high things, such as mountains. Electrocutions from electrical devices which were otherwise found to be safe." He looked around, outrage in his eye. "Of which none are being addressed at all, despite all summoned through Art of the Wize, that same book that was declared safe for wizards and non wizards." At this, the room began to talk again. It was true. They knew about the murders. Pensieves and the "Prophet" reported them daily, including non-wizards going missing on holiday, or in lonely places, very few being solved to any degree of satisfaction. Tonks saw Petunia Black and Ann Blewitt look at one another – it was clear they were not surprised to hear that. "Then I propose that the Reciprocators' position is that the veil is destroyed," shouted someone from the back. Tonks turned and was shocked to see Bill Weasley, his hand raised. As a curse-breaker for Gringotts, that he was calling for its destruction showed how strongly he felt about its power. But then, since his wife's untimely, tragic death in Cairo as a result of an artefact he had discovered in a tomb in Carnac, she could understand his feelings. "We should just destroy the veil?" echoed Sirius. "What about Tabitha?" "It's causing a lot of people to be injured, to die, just because of its very presence," snapped back Bill, hotly. "It is clear to anyone, anyone not blinded by policies and paperwork, that is, that Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald are somehow accessing the memories behind the veil to do damage in our world!" Bill was shaking, angry at something, and his mother crossed the carpet and put a hand on each shoulder. He fell silent. "No, I cannot believe this to be correct," said James, looking gravely amongst the Reciprocators. "I have sent word to the Department of Mysteries, to Gregor, for advice, if that will put your mind at rest Bill," he added. The eldest Weasley son shuddered, but said nothing. "You are correct: the memories do change, they will change. Part of Tabitha's mission was to use this physical effect. It may be that part of what she is doing is causing this." James nodded as he confirmed this, his head feeling undoubtedly dizzy as the evening went on. He badly needed sleep, and was unlikely to get one for a good, long time. "But it does not change the "Art of the Wize" and the conjurists' access to it," said Benjamin Wergs, doubtfully, nodding at Bill, who was red-faced with emotion trying desperately to make sure it did not show. "Caelius tried to have it banned and he was overruled. What if, what you say is correct, James." Benjamin nodded his blonde head towards their leader. "But what if she is being used what if she's beyond the veil and she's being used by Dumbledore and Grindelwald? Isn't she supposed to be back by now?" James hesitated. There was more he knew than he could tell them. But he had to calm their fears. "If we call for this, and we are wrong, and the veil is destroyed, not only will we be condemning Tabitha Penwright to death, but we may undo everything Aberforth ever did to defeat the scourge which was Dumbledore's Army. He lived and breathed the defeat of wizard extremism, not only towards non-wizards but to wizards too, moderate wizards, who just want to live in peace. If the veil is destroyed, Aberforth's meticulously planned strike at the heart of his brother's plan of domination of the world will be taken away, and Miss Penwright's life, too. I am afraid I cannot vote for that." "That's if she's not dead already," muttered Bill, but with less heart in the assertion than before. "What haven't you told us?" asked a voice from James's right. The Head of the Reciprocators turned a little. "Ah, Sirius," said James. "It's the first we have heard of the nature of Tabitha Penwright's objective, descending into the veil nearly twelve years ago. Are you going to tell us about the nature of the non-transmutable objects too?" Tonks looked at her cousin. There was no mirth or triumph in what he said. In fact, he looked more serious and grave than she had seen him in a long time. James was about to respond when he caught the eye of the Weasley twins, craning over to listen, one with their hand raised. "Yes, Fred? George?" James nodded in acknowledgement. "Eh?" "Sorry?" The twins exchanged glances. Fred began again. "We've not heard about any of this before," he clarified, "we don't know what you are talking about." James looked at them blankly for a moment, before touching his head, then shaking it. "Oh that's right, you have only recently been inducted," He glanced at his sister-in-law and Ann Blewitt, who also had not heard this before. It would not do any harm: they were sworn to the Reciprocators. He cleared his throat, which was growing hoarse. Tonks shifted in her seat. Nick caught her hand from her lap. "For the benefit of our more recent members and our guesrs from the NWRs," James nodded, "we should make a few things clear. You are aware that an artefact called the veil exists, in the Department of Mysteries." Both the twins nodded. Petunia and Ann did not. "It is believed, but no-one can be certain, that it is a store of memories, long past memories and recent ones originating from pensieves. Tabitha Penwright, a Reciprocator, was tasked with going Beyond the veil in a mission arranged with my predecessor's predecessor, Aberforth Dumbledore. On the day she descended Beyond, a person returned Back: Cecilia Lupin." Fred and George both raised their eyebrows. It was not new to Petunia Black, but Ann Blewitt's face was one of shock. "We have reason to believe that Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald wish to access Beyond, and they have, or are in the process of obtaining the Non-Transmutable objects needed. One is a letter, which Cecilia had in her possession, which led her to here, 12, Grimmauld Place. The second, we believe, is a locket, belonging, once, to Tabitha Penwright. A third, for as we know, these are used in threes, is as yet unknown." "So, you believe Cecilia is the third NTO." Petunia folded her arms, her eyes fixed on James. "We cannot speculate. Also, we cannot ignore that it is a possibility considering how much of a coincidence her disappearance has been, with no trace. Alternatively, she could be dead..." "I do not think she is dead," Petiunia said, quieter, this time. She stood up and took the floor. "I...was in contact with her close to Christmas – I have been a friend of Cecilia's ever since the night four years ago, and the..." she flicked a glance to Sirius, "...she was driven away. Recently, she was happy, delighted to be coming home. And then she did not." "But she did leave Durmstrang: she is no longer there," added Bertie Braddle. "I was asked by Caelius to trace the ship's passage and there was no sign of her, she was no longer at Durmstrang, she never did board that ship, although someone did." "Who?" asked Petunia. "Another employee of Durmstrang," replied Bertie. "Caelius had it in hand. He is now the headmaster at Hedgewards." "Lindvald Halen?!" asked Sirius, stepping out of the shadow of the hall doorway. "He arrived here on the night Cecilia disappeared, from Durmstrang?" "Indeed," agreed Bertie, his moustache waving as he spoke. "He was due to come anyway and Caelius saw it provident that he could be appointed head in the absence of Severus Snape." "Provident," echoed Sirius scornfully. "As if anything Caelius does is by accident." "We are moving from the point," said Arthur Weasley, suddenly. "Cecilia is missing. Three NTOs possibly exist and only 2 are known to exist, although I know that three are needed to Go, according to tradition, so we are assuming three." "To Go?" asked Fred, who felt it was about time he asked the questions that he and George needed answering. "Where?" The room fell silent, each waiting for another to provide an answer. "Beyond..." said James, eventually. "At certain times access Beyond, to the world of souls can take a person anywhere they want, and any when, any place and time. People, many people, many wizards have tried, and failed, to master the veil either with the precise thinking of a logician or, in a less organised fashion. I have considered..." James broke off, sighing: he wasn't ready for this. But events were ready. "...I have information to share from Caelius at the appropriate moment." He raised a hand. One or two more hands joined him. Tonks raised her own and Nick followed her. It was unanimous. Just carrying on, and an uncertainty in the Ministry was concerning, so it was a shrewd move on James's part to remind them of a few things. "We know already about those," said Benjamin Wergs, as he nodded to Sirius. As an Auror, it was his department who had been responsible for examining them. "Aberforth was clear on these: one of them was stolen from Caelius's office, Cecilia's letter; Tabitha Penwright's locket went missing. No-one knows about the third. That's if what is being planned by..." "The locket isn't Tabitha's" interrupted someone quietly from behind Arthur Weasley. "Let us be clear on that. And let it be clear that the third is now in the hands of him." "Him?" asked Arthur Weasley. "Grindelwald," clarified Mad-eye. "He has lived so long, and with help. Oh, I don't mean Albus Dumbledore – he had a chance of eliminating Grindelwald in 1945. I mean the help that only a powerful agent to promote life would be able to give him." "Caelius, and Aberforth both assured us that the Philopsopher's Stone was out of their reach," Dave Mullen interjected. "And if he did have it, why continue to go to all this trouble to seek something else? He wants something powerful, something dangerous from beyond the veil. You are right, James, unless we know what that is we cannot destroy our only access to the memories beyond." Tonks looked across to Bill, whose face was white with silent fury. "What, though?" asked Sirius. "Can you suggest what, James?" "Cecilia wrote about it." Tonks looked around, her mauve hair flicking this way and that as the eyes of the Reciprocators, wizarding and non- , were on her. It was then that she realised she had spoken. "But that was just a book, a silly book, Nymphadora," Mad-Eye chided, ignoring Tonks's look of indignation. "Aberforth Dumbledore encouraged that foolishness." There was silence for a moment before someone spoke. It was Caelius. Or rather, Caelius's image, from a cloud erupting from James Potter's wand. It was clear that, at some point, the topic would come up for discussion. "Alternatively, it was true and he didn't wish her to forget any detail that time might cause to be distorted...misrepresented over time. I sent her to Durmstrang for our own safety. I believed her to be a danger, or a danger to us all..." Was it just her, Tonks thought, who thought it was surreal seeing the Minister for Magic, knowing he was unwell in St. Mungo's, trying to save the life of his brother, was calmly talking to them all at their meeting. "...under the sanction of the council may I add," Caelius's image continued to the silent audience. "She began to note down her thoughts, I visited her and she relinquished it. But by then, it was too late. Too late for Henrietta, too, for she betrayed us all." There was silence at this. Henrietta Edwards, their closest ally, the unfailing Reciprocator working as hard as any of them, working brilliantly in Strasbourg, accolades of bravery and intellect to her name. But, she had been named after the Trial in November as a potential Conjurist. There was a cough. Sirius cleared his throat. It must be hard for him, Tonks thought. They had gone out with one another for so long. She knew him better than any of their friends. "You believe she is the third intransmutable object, don't you?" shouted Bill, to Caelius's image. Caelius paused, as if hearing Bill Weasley, and continued. "Aberforth encouraged it, not I. I believe her to be...dangerous. But I cannot speculate further." "Or won't," whispered Petunia Black, exchanging another look with Ann Blewitt. "Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald know a little of the nature Beyond the veil and have created alternative link to memories in room of artefacts." "And you think Tabitha Penwright is a traitor, that she's behind the veil ready to help them? I can't believe that!" This time, it was Molly Weasley shaking her head. "I won't believe it!" declared Mad-Eye Moody. "Not Tabitha." "The mass of memories behind the veil is growing, it will become critical, unless there is a balance somehow," Dave Mullen explained. "Some of that coming back to our world would redress that balance." "How? Didn't Aberforth establish that the space behind the veil is infinite?" "Yes, but there is not room for two realities to exist at any one time. Cecilia's presence represents a dichotomy, for she exists here as well as the reality from which she originated. From the little I understand, there will be conflict if two opposing realities exist. We know of Cecilia Lupin's alternate reality to ours facts such as poor old Tom Riddle, once a Ministry employee here actually became a greatly feared, evil wizard there. It would appear that if those memories meet or, "leak" and realities blur together that there is a very real possibility that the world that Mrs Lupin wrote about a decade ago will break through and clash with our own. Unless this can be stopped. This is what I understand Aberforth's plan to be: through Cecilia's book, which told in intricate detail of her life in the other reality, Tabitha is to stop a clash from happening." He looked across to James, who nodded his black head briefly. "Miss Penwright was supposed to have contained the realities and sealed the veil?" asked Mad-Eye. "Shouldn't she have done it by now?" "Aberforth never gave a timescale," said James, "but, that she is not with us means today means that she is either dead or she is still behind the veil. Personally I believe the latter." "And what would the result of these two realities meeting what would it be like?" asked Benjamin Wergs, his confidence far lower than it had been at the start of the evening: Tonks saw him wipe his forehead, as he stuttered his words. This time, Caelius answered, though he couldn't have, for he was just a memory stored in James's wand. "Like? like a great big gaping hole in the middle of London where all manner of things could come out. Or go in. Other limitations may not be popular but necessary." "So what are the reciprocators doing about it?" Bill addressed James now, not Caelius, who seemed to have paused out of instinct, as if he were actually there, involved in the conversation. "As always," replied James, "to bridge the differences between wizards and non-wizards. It is even more critical now considering the critical relationship between us, which has been heightened and is more sensitive. We require our usual diplomacy in the carrying out of our duties." "It's better that than the doing nothing, which will only cause more harm," agreed Petunia, nodding. James nodded back. "Harm has already been done," Caelius interrupted from his position above the members, "conjurists believe that the Universal Link does not exist, despite substantial scientific evidence to the contrary. Our way of life resting on it. It's in our DNA," he added, chuckling at his rather lame joke. This caused a few laughs too, and broke the tension. James waved his wand in tiny circles clockwise and Caelius's memory disappeared. "So," he concluded. "We are all up to speed. All of us know the nature of the attacks – that's our primary concern, and the secondary being the threat from Dumbledore and Grindelwald. From tonight's suggestions, I need to propose the following: the proposition that the veil is destroyed and the proposition that we continue as we are, bearing in mind the information we have received about the nature of the reality Beyond." He looked around the room. Rodolphus Lestrange raised a hand. "Yes, Rod?" "Is there not a third?" asked the Auror and part-time owl breeder. "That, at the forthcoming Hearing we make our position known? That we represent wizards who believe in the integration and cohabitation of wizards and non-wizards?" "Yeah...yeah..." agreed many of those assembled, although there seemed to be a disagreement with Bill and his younger twin brothers about something nearer the back. James raised his hand. "On that point, I believe the Ministry will cover this – I know Harry has accessed information to that effect. But it would not be seemly to pre-empt what is to be decided, whatever our feelings. The Hearing is asking for a Declaration of Wizardliness, a formal statement in law of our existence and our rights. This is, potentially, historic, for no Declaration has ever been drawn up for non-wizards in a similar context. We would only distract from what is being said, and may cause bias one way or another. So," he concluded, looking round at the wizards before him, "we have two questions. To the first, the policy of seeking the Veil to be destroyed, please raise your hands." Tonks looked around, pushing her arm to her side, determinedly. One or two hands, including that of Bill Weasley. Sirius, after a long pause, also raised a hand. "Not carried," said James, looking over to Arthur, who was guiding a "Minutes Maker" quill over the parchment. "Second, to continuing our duties as before." He looked at his sister-in-law. "The NWRs are our of my jurisdiction," added James, "but I include our relationship with your organisation in our continuation," he added. Petunia nodded. At this, all hands in the room raised. James smiled. Clearly, thought Tonks, he must have been worried that a change was tantamount to a vote of no confidence in his leadership. "In that case, we had better get to it, hadn't we?" 88888888 "So you see, the action of your accent, your wand and the way you move it causes the spell to perfom slightly differently, which is why practise with your own wand will perfect it for you. There is not one way that is suitable for any one wizard. One of your houses, Slytherin, its founder discovered this." Lindvald finished, as he looked at the first year students, arrayed as they were in an arc of desks and tables in the headmaster's classroom. "The evil one?" asked Scarletta Adams, her face turning slightly towards the Slytherin boy who had been making her and her friend's life difficult of late, sneering at Algernon Pratt. Algernon sneered back. "Evil is a matter of opinion," replied Lind, carefully. "Salazatf was brilliant on this discovery, and I never had a cross word with him." A moment passed, before Rufus looked up from the set text book on the grammar of spells. "With Slytherin? But he lived over a thousand years ago, and you can't be any older than..." he looked at their headmaster carefully, "Thirty." There was laughter, nervous at first, as the students watched Lindvald Halen to see how he would react. "Shh!" Hissed Julian and Darren, the latter poking him in the ribs. But Lind chuckled a little. "A turn of phrase. I read his books often." "What, the books that the European wizards don't want you to learn?" asked Algernon, lazily. "Those which the ministry promised the combined government should be kept away from students?" "Indeed, Mr. Pratt," replied Lindvald. "I recall the directive distinctly: no defensive spells, no dark arts, no spells which could cause a danger. But, the world is becoming dangerous, and not teaching you to defend yourselves and others would be like never teaching you to read and write because one day you might use it for evil. I know of a place where terrible things did happen and the wizards, witches and mug- non-wizards were much better off by being educated correctly. So, I am doing what I was employed to do: educate you." Gordy Springs, the muggle-born wizard who was friends with Ro Williams and Ariella raised a hand. "- in Albus Dumbledore's time, sir?" "Yes," nodded Lindvald, "in Albus Dumbledore's time. But not how you mean. A mighty wizard, a terrible wizard arose, murdering, killing, torturing, a reign of terror forcing wizards to do the most dreadful things to one another." "-like conjusists?" asked Scarletta, a scowl again to Algernon, who shrugged it off. "Not quite. This wizard wanted more than anything else for eternal life and any life was expendable." "We know this," whispered Julian to Darren, suddenly. "Septimus said that his mum wrote a book about it, a long time ago, a bit lame really, I read some. It was about this." "Conjurists believe they are superior to non wizards," Lind continued to explain. "But a lot are uneducated, a lot simply do not understand and they are scared, scared that wizards, Albus Dumbledore, Gellert Grindelwald amongst others may deem their lives expendable for the greater good they believe in. But this is not true. These wizards only serve themselves and see people, magical or not, as things, objects to be used and discarded a will. When you turn people into things in your mind, then to you, they are expendable. We all fight against this, we all should. Conjurists are...misguided." The class was now silent. Should a pin decide to drop its sound, on meeting the hard, flagstone floor, would most easily be heard and would break the silence. Lind smiled, which did just as good a job in the silence-breaking department. "So, we are continuing with our defence, and we are learning...what does it say on the door?" "Practical Defence", the children all chorused, getting to their feet. "Right," Lindvald nodded. "Wands in rest position..." he put his right arm to his side with his wand pointing straight down to the floor. The young wizards followed. "Right, right," nodded Lind. "Alright, enquiry positon." With him, all of them put their wands vertically upwards to the vaulted ceiling. "Duel position." Lind held his wand out at an angle forty five degrees point away the tip. "Right, right," he encouraged. When all of the children had their wands in the duelling position, Lindvald stood in the centre of them. "We will begin as I was taught, a long, long time ago -" he glanced at Rufus, who smiled back, "with the four basic spells. The first spell: Expelliarmus. Wands at rest – yes. Enquiry - yes. Duelling – yes. Now at the suitss of armour - " he pointed with his other hand to the range of armour arranged across the back wall of the classroom, "Expelliarmus!" "Expelliarmus!" Coloured light shot from the wands. "Expelliarmus! Expelliarmus!" The children moved with the force of the spell, each time learning to adjust their body position, their wand movement in their wrists, their voice intonation. "You can learn it too, Mr Scott," said Lindvald, taking his wrist. "Hold your hand thus, thus, thus." He moved Julian's arm in the three positions he had just taught them. "Nothing happens, Sir," said Julian, a little crestfallen. "You are valuable, Mr. Scott," rebuked Lindvald. "You are a non-wizard who has the insight into wizard training. And I understand you manages to levitate a leaf last term?" Julian nodded slowly. "Environmental magic. Your body adapted." Another nod. "And you were ill?" "Yes, Sir. Last term, Sir." "An unfortunate side effect. Here, try." Lindvald handed Julian a school wand, Hedgewards' equivalent of borrowing the lost property P.E. kit. "One – rest...two – enquiry...three- duel." Lindvald spoke the instructions as more armour clanged and clashed to the floor. Julian raised the wand forward, the point outstretched. An armour's shield rattled and then fell off. A lot of laughter accompanied his effort, most of it friendly and then a round of applause, begun, it would seem, by Ariella. Julian lowered his borrowed wand. "Thank you," he said, a small smile playing at the corner of his lips. "Yiu were all very good, too." "Right," nodded Lindvald, taking charge of the lesson once more. "Onto our next spell: rendering your enemies still: Immobilus." "Immobilus," echoed the class, beginning to position their wands in the rest position. "This is cool," said Julian, as the headmaster called for the children to practise in pairs. "Right, Rocky,"nodded Darren. They looked at Rufus, who was inspecting the suit of armour he had adequately managed to disarm. He had his ear to the breastplate. "Do you think he wants to get out to the greenouaes tonight?" asked Julian, hand folding round his borrowed wand. "It's just..." he pulled Darren closer, unhooking the friend finder on his chain. Septimus's segment was glowing a very bright white. "It's just, I have an idea," he hissed, looking furtively about. Neither had practised the "Immobilus" spell yet and the class were beginning to collect back together at the chairs. "What?" "Tell you later. I need you and Ruf. It's important it's all three of us." "Now, time for prep, all of you. You are to come into the classroom between now and next week to practise on the suits of armour and on each other." Lind put his wand inside his robe and, turning to the board, began to rub it off. "Oh," he added, almost as an afterthought, and turned back to the children. A lot of them groaned quietly, as they guessed what was coming, "I also want a half-page of instructions on what you were taught today. Dismissed." As they filed out of the headmaster's defence classroom, Lindvald approached Rufus, who was between Julian and Darren, looking over his shoulder at the armour again. "Tomorrow is a busy day: your mum is coming to develop the quibball, Rufus Lestrange." Rufus nodded, vaguely. "I think Rufus wants her to see his experiments," said Julian, who, since the discovery that the iron-aluminium-silicon-oxide rock influenced the plants' communication had been immediately enthused. Rufus nodded again. He had been training Dorielle to detect radio signals, which influence his plants ("But, what use is it, Ruf?" Julian had asked. "That I can do it – it doesn't have to have a purpose, I've just found out that it's possible," Ruf had replied. A lot of their conversations were like that, and it was that, or spend time getting depressed over missing Septimus.) "I cannot see that will be a problem," smiled Lindvald. "I am pleased that she has agreed to come." He watched, as the children scampered off into the corridor towards their common room, then sighed. There was ever such a lot to do before the Sports Minister arrived. Meet with Constantin at St. Mungo's, for one thing. 88888888 ...Tabitha sees... ...Raymond Lully and a woman with white blonde hair. She is sitting in a low-pitched roofed cottage, pine walled and set above the rocky, wild landscape on sturdy, timber blocks. It is sunny. Tiny yellow and pink flowers are daring to show their heads above soil, chancing that it is going to get warmer. On the basalt coast waves dance and tumble. ...he has travelled far to see her. Aloysius looks at his friend, collaborator and co-conspirator, seizing the book from inside his Harris tweed robe. "I know you're here," called Raymond, his foot treading over the threshold of the open door, ducking under the beam almost double, his swarthy features and black hair almost lost in the interior of the...her...home. This is where it all went wrong, Tabitha told herself, trying to deduce a date from a handful of visual clues from the landscape and the cottage, and was failing badly. This is the moment. It must be...after the time he had made the Philosopher's Stone, she concluded, justifying it to herself that Peronelle's line had now integrated with the native Icelandic population. Once you've made something, you cannot hide it, and deconstruct it. It cannot unhappen and be uninvented. And you cannot control whose hands the information falls into. And yet, she thought silently, in the direction of Aloysius, your great grandson has something of yours. It will become important to him, in the correct moment. "Agnetta...?" called Aloysius, following the Spanish priest and mystic into the tiny cottage. "Agnetta? Where are you?" "You are expecting us," added Raymond Lully, taking off his hat. "We are here now, to meet you." The correct moment for whom? Tabitha thought, as she watched the darkness change shape. Very slowly, as if part of the darkness a woman, tall, slender, once perhaps beautiful, emerged. She had the trademark blonde hair of the truthteller, and the pale, grey eyes. She looked both Lully and Aloysius up and down. Aloysius reached to his neck and closed his hand over something hidden under his shirt. "Which is more than can be said for my grandchildren, my daughters and granddaughters, doomed as they will be, not with imprisonment in this iceworld," she said, looking between them again. "But, come in, please. My mother told me all about you. And, of course, I know what you want." Politely, they sat, on chairs made out of what seemed like heavily-weathered driftwood. In the grate the flames licked around their fuel hungrily. "With this foresight. They will be tormented by this curse, and the they cannot run away." In the near-blackness, chosen to offer as little light sensitivity as possible to her in the company of her visitor, the truthteller-witch cradled her almost-term stomach. But I cannot rightly say who will have a worse life, Aloysius – my line...yours...for, as you know, the future is set, but the value of those choices is in the judgement of those living at the time, what they make of them, and how they perceive them. You cannot shield your descendants from the pains of the world any more than you can control the natural forces on this planet! Ha! And many a foolish wizard has come to an end trying to overcome nature's own magic. We are merely a part of it, a cog in the machine, Aloysius: you would understand that." Agnetta turned her elegant head, her chin dipping slightly over her soft, linen dress. From out of the neck she took out a gem, all held together with an intricate series of ties and knots. Inside its tangled prison a red gem sparkled in the spring morning sunlight. Agnetta held out her watchstone. Tabitha took it. Neither wizard turns, but clearly, at some level, they must know she was there. And then, Aloysius looked right at Tabitha, as she put it over her neck, Agnetta's hand, still outstretched, closing over the air. It was his place that she was in, his form she had seen so often. Was this tangle of threads going to come out straight, like a trick knot? She had heard of string theory, perhaps this jumble was it. In the past she never had it, and when she reascends through the cloud-memories, and Back to the Ministry, it would not be in her possession again, either. "And now, to madness," concluded Agnetta, her hands resting on her stomach. Then her voice turned sharp and demanding "Go! Now! You have what you came for!" she shrieked, stabbing her whole arm towards the cottage's door. "And as for you, Raymond Lully," she declared, staring at him with cool, grey eyes. Both wizards did not flinch, but it was clear that they weren't about to argue. "I will tell you only this: choose carefully your position, for I believe you to be a wise wizard, Raymond Lully. One is not always solid, and is not always one. Take him! I will no longer be able to care for him! Begone!" she shrieked, shambling off towards the corner that she had come with no backwards look. From the nest near the door a tiny ice phoenix, newly hatched from a crumbling ice crystal clucked and pecked around its home. It would eventually finish its journey, Tabitha continued, via herself, Aberforth Dumbledore and to both subsequent headmasters. But its journey did not begin there, it began here, with Aloysius. Ironic, really. She watched the aforementioned wizard scoop up the tray on which the unique bird rested. It chirruped at him inquisitively, before breathing a patch of frost onto his beard. Aloysius reached into his robe, and looked down at the time turner. Like the phoenix, it was unique. And, despite Salazar Slytherin's doubts on the timepiece's functionality, had not only got it to work, but to work accurately. Tabitha looked back to the half-hidden form of the Narratoveritium. Agnetta was nursing her already close to term stomach. And now to madness. Tabitha lingered in the cottage after Lully and Aloysius left, synchronising their neckpieces as they stood on the tiny-pebbled beach in the near-summer sun. But not just yet. Agnetta would give birth to a girl, of course, and the watchstone she had made from the necklace Tabitha now wore would protect her until the girl was given it for her own. It would be then, and only then, that Agetta Nicolasdottir would lose her mind. 88888888 Lind looked at Remus as Caelius slept once more. It had been a success. The stabilising potion, one which would contain the parasite would be suitable for Remus. But, of course, it may have taken the strength out of Caelius for it had a silver deriviative within it. Caelius had known this, of course, and still had done it. Lind shook his head and smiled. So familiar to him, both of them. He remembered the memories he had awoken when he had seen into Ceilia's mind, she had been in the Helvellyn cottage. But there were also infinite other realities. Cecilia being employed at Hogwarts as muggle studies teacher, and had met Remus Lupin at the time Sirius Black had escaped, a time where Remus had never deserted her at Christmas. Somewhere else he had not been executed. That was an important somewhere. But here was where he - Lind - had to be, and here the boy had broken the girl's heart, even though she hadn't known it. He had the bag safely, Cecilia Lupin's, and thought about the kiss, Somewhere else she had been muggle studies teacher and had met the man, to whom Lind knew like his own family, at a different wizarding school, both with a secret, both finding one another before another great battle it ws no wonder she felt conflicted, considering all her mind and body had gone through. He touched his own neck, the chain within it ridged under his fingers, out of habit, the object which hung on the chain like a talisman. Lose that and all would be lost. All was going to plan. "The only problem is that the animals that I have tested this on," Constantin continued, still about his work, examining Remus's body, "half die of organ faulure. "While it may cure the vampirism vector there is a fifty percent chance that he may die in any case." A little whimper came from the corner of the darkened hospital ward. Lind swung his wand around, the tip illuminating Lily Potter's face. She looked awful. Her hair was limp and lifeless around her pallid complexion, large purple smudges under her eyes. "And you are?" asked Constantin, who had yet to meet her, and continued to examine Remus. "His lover," answered Lily, boldly, eyeing Lindvald defiantly. Constantin merely nodded. "There is no going back if admisistered. You have kin status?" It was unclear to whom he was asking this question. Lily closed her mouth and shrunk back into her chair. Lindvald considered the question carefully. "If no-one has kin status, then I cannot - " But he did not have a chance to finish as he was interrupted by a voice further beyond in the ward. "I do." A cracked voice declared. In the background a figure shuffled up in their bed. It was Caelius. He tried to put his feet onto the cold, flagstone floor, as if intending to cross over to them, tried bearing his weight, then sank back onto the bed, panting. A candle lit itself next to Caelius's bed. Lily shrank further back into her chair, then, suddenly, got to her feet. "No, Lily," breathed Caelius, as a nurse-healer attended his bedside, bringing with him water, "you are clearly the reason my brother was so happy. Stay." He then looked crossly at the nurse, who was trying to examine him with her wand. "Lie still, Mr. Lupin," the nurse-healer chided. "This won't take long." Lind crossed over and sat in the chair next to Caelius. "I am going to work this day," said Caelius, ignoring the frown of protest on the nurse-healer's face. "It was wrong of you to do this, Caelius," said Lind, "for the country needs you." "My brother needs me, as well you know, Lindvald Halen," Caelius smiled as he emphasised the headmaster's name. He glanced across to Lily Potter again. "She has been here a great deal; she saw what you did, Caelius Lupin." Lind told him. And then, next to the Hedgewards headmaster Lily Potter stood. "I regret the way things have turned out," she said solemnly, looking between him and Remus. "I did not wish to see Cecilia gone. But, you and Aberforth gave him no choice but to marry her all those years ago. He told me. It brought us closer. He was unhappy. We were going to tell her, but then, Sirius – " Lily broke off, awkwardly. "It's the past," said Caelius, refusing to look at Lindvald. "There is nothing we can do about that now. We need to consider the future, this immedate future." But he could feel Lind's eyes on him, at his words and leaned towards him. "Tell him, tell Constantin..." said Caelius, his voice tired and ragged again with the effort of speech. "Tell him...to give it to my brother." 88888888 "Do you regret receiving the reciprocator knowledge?" Sirius said, the Reciprocator meeting long since over. The clock, edging its hands towards three o'clock in the morning made its presence known, its mechanism quietly working away. He glanced in its direction before passing the whisky to his old friend. It eased his symptoms, Sirius had told James. James's reason for drinking was all too apparent. "No, no I do not." "And you accept the need for what we intend to do?" "At all costs we must prevent Hedgewards reverting to the time of Albus Dumbledore," James replied. "While I don't necessarily agree that non-wizards should attend, I have always thought it was brave and bold of Caelius to do this." "True understanding borne of collaboration not division." James looked at his friend's face, its contours highlighted by the street lamps. "Aberforth," he qualified. "Strasbourg thought that way too, once. Our wizards were being forced to collaborate. And now the portable pensieves and fireplaces are being monitored. Perhaps it was good that you never went there yourself." Sirius raised his glass, bitterly. "That will be my straight-laced brother's department," he spat, in the direction of the depleted fireplace. "Has Harry been to speak to you?" James nodded. "He knows all that I know. And all that Lily knew. Much good it will do them, at Strasbourg. Why did you do it, Sirius?" "He was my friend. Is, I mean. Is my friend. And yours. I went, I saw, I conquered." James gave him a quizzical look. "I did him a favour, thinking it would work out. I knew they were close; I didn't know they had been having an affair for two years." "You knew about it for nearly a year, Sirius." "How was I to tell you? I found out a week...two at the most before we were attacked..." "I'm sorry." James rested a hand on his friend's forearm. "I...just see you so well...I forget what you went through, and what he is going through. I forget about the attacks...there has just been...so much." James looked up to his friend's face, catching his eye. "Whatever part you played in the end of my marriage, I understand it must have been hard. I forgive you." "And I forgive you for being an arse," said Sirius, shuffling out of his way, seizing the bottle of whisky. "Honestly, I won't open my best Jura again if you're going to be like this." He looked back to James, proffering it again. James stretched his arm out in affirmation. "Anyway, you can't forgive me yet, until I apologise." He leaned a little closer. "I do. I do apologise. I am sorry for not telling you about this. If things were different, if I could go back, I would. I know it must be hard to hate a man who was once your friend for stealing your wife when he has been critically ill for nearly a year. And even if he does wake up tomorrow he has to know about his wife going missing, probably dead, and his son, too." There was silence, as both wizards thought about that. "Then, I thank you for your apology, and I forgive you," James stated, carefully. "You are my best friend, Sirius. I could not have got through without you." "I think, once this is over," Sirius, sagely, "we can begin to put our lives back together. We just need to wait for Tabitha." "To Tabitha!" James began the toast, raising his glass. "Tabitha!" Sirius acknowledged, clinking his rim. "To wherever she is." 88888888 "No, no! Peace! I need this one, Gellert, we need this one!" Breaking from Grindelwald's play-fight, which inevitably led to intimacy, Albus Dumbledore took to his feet, and looked at the pensieve again. He had stored Cecilia Frobisher's memories in his pensieve and, having little luck in discerning a pattern was in the middle of extracting another. This particular one seemed to be wedged in her mind like a limpet between two rocks. "You are no fun, any more," Grindelwald whined, in a mock-playful tone. And then added, business-like, "I understand, my darling, but don't be all night." "I need to listen to something, to take my mind off what I am doing," said Albus, looking distainfully over Cecilia's form. "Tell me about tonight, the arrangements tonight, with Pfimlin. He has instigated more attacks through France's conjurists has he not?" "He has," replied Grindelwald, beaming. "I am delighted that non-wizard pollution have been eliminated, but it risks our case. The beauty of the Hearing is that our allies have thought it all up by themselves." "With a little suggestion," added Albus, his hands now at the very edge of the pensieve, as if willing the memories to yield to the sequence he was seeking. "We need our agent in the British Ministry to play his part," Gellert replied. "Oh, but he will, have no doubt." Albus at last looked up, desire in his eyes. Gellert looped his waist with his arms. "It is not time yet, my love. Beltane. Walpurgisnacht. 30th April. Not long to wait, just over a month. Then, we can have him with us." Grindelwald broke off. "But then," his face clouded again, stepping back from his lover. "By then, the intransmutable objects need to have been fathomed. I cannot get them to fit. We have what we need of Riddle. But, there is something more if we are to fix him." No words passed between the sorcerers now, they slunk momentarily back to their own worlds, both working on the problems that opposed them acquiring access to...him. Unaware of the immediate exchange between the two wizards Cecilia at last was dreaming. She was descending beyond the veil, seeking Joseph Black. And another man was there too, at the other side of the memory. Someone she thought she recognised. Nothing felt like the feeling when she was with him. Like she was wearing armour and there was something clamouring to get in. Him. He, who not only mastered the memories but ruled them. That was it. That was what Albus Dumbledore needed. It was unfortunate, then, that Tabitha Penwright got there first, claiming it as her own, adding it to her own collection of memories. It would elude Albus, and he gave up in frustration. But there would be another way. 88888888 The wedding arrangements were ticking along nicely. In seven weeks, less than two months, she and Harry would be married. He was pleased. More pleased, though, that Hermione's mother was prepared to continue to make the wedding arrangements, considering the separation of his parents. It was because of the separation, Hermione had explained. She Pleased that Hermione said their mothers were continuing with the preparations. To be married at the Ministry and then at church, so it was legal in the wizarding world and the non-wizarding worlds, and then reception. All was ticking along nicely. Or so Harry was telling himself. But it was not how he had imagined his wedding to be. He had imagined himself taking a more active role, for one thing, but with the work he and Hermione had, which was due in a fortnight, to be heard in Strasbourg, he could not. His parents being together for another. Both of them looked terrible and it was beginning to hurt Harry that he could not do anything about it. Ron had kept him company for a few hours before both of them said goodbye. Ron, his shift work at British Floo getting him up early with fireplace scrutiny prevented him from staying longer. For Harry, it was this...the report which, on some nights, felt that it had no end. He looked down at his notes for the evening. Hermione was right, he should not be dwelling on the lives of the wizards who called themselves the Going, but it was hard to ignore when their magical footprints were over nearly every document he had touched. There was no such thing as coincidences, but if there were, he would have to conclude that it was a coincidence repeated dozens of times that when the Art of the Wize's history was found, so were the Going. But, the Going were having no easy game of their quest in helping to maintain equality between wizards and non-wizards. There were problems, and lots of them. Tabitha Pemwright and Severus Snape, both at Hedgewards during the dark times of Dumbledore's army must have been aware of them, yet each of them,all five, were elusive. And yet their names kept appearing. "Lully,", said Harry, aloud. He spent time with muggle scientists. Scientists who eventually made the greatest contributions to science this century. With every one of them, a Raymond Lully was involved with the physicists, Roentgen, Bohr, Rutherford, Hahn, de Broglie. Their work was on energy. Atomic theory. Energy levels, electrons. Electrons release energy, you see, when irradiated: that's what these scientists found out, non-wizard scientists, the fathers of quantum physics. And then there's the blood samples, Lully came up the bones of the "Universal Link" equation decades before Snape did. And then, his colleague had a fairy story book, into which he wrote versions of the lives of the scientists they worked with every day. But, at the same time, the book was hundreds of years old. How can it be both seventy years old and hundreds at the same time? The time turner. It belonged to Salazar Slytherin. It was deposited in the Ministry in the 1920s, under strict instructions by the wizard who had donated it for a close guard to be placed over it. But then another disappeared six months ago, coinciding with the attacks at Halloween. Harry's voice turned back to his father's words. "We searched, and searched," Dad had said. "We realised it had been stolen. Yet our inventory was correct. It was neither gone nor there. It would have been ideal to have asked Tabitha; she was good at explaining things such as this. It's a real embarrassment. I know who I suspect, but there was no evidence, absolutely none. But equally, anyone in the ministry." Tabitha and something to do with the time turner. This was important, he knew. But, there was nothing further about Nicholas Flamel, other than he had disappeared and there were rumours he was living in Iceland. And then...as Harry turned another page, underlined, with a note next to it in his mother's hand, a name. Aloysius. The note read, (Harry screwed up his eyes), "Reciprocators. Ask Aberforth." Harry leaned back in the chair. It was so late, it was practically early. A strip of orange edged the horizon. Ask Aberforth. That's what he should do. Ignoring any reference to the "Going", Harry began his report that would represent the Ministry of Magic at the forthcoming Hearing at Strasbourg of, "The Declaration of Wizards." 88888888 It had been a good game. An excellent one. Rufus's mother, her long black hair cascading out from underneath her flying hat stood between the two teams that she had helped to coach over the last few days. The whole school was out and, for once, the weather conditions favoured the showcase match that the wizards and the one or two non-wizards had been working hard with her to perfect. "...and you have all worked so incredibly hard to bring the game that was once here - " she tapped the side of her head, before opening her arms around her, dramatically, " - to here. It takes a lot to coach young people in a sport, especially one as new as quibball, but it takes even more to carry it out. My thanks goes to both captains who, I am sure, will see this new game go from strength to strength." An hour later, in the greenhouses, after a long discussion over the name of quibball – some people in the Ministry wanted ot to be called Hedgewards Quidditch, or just the Hedgewards game – Mrs Lestrange was craning over some winter pansies, another of Rufus's experimental plants, also younger than their chronological age, also able to interact and, potentially, communicate to one another using radio waves. "And you need the portable pensieve as a reciver," she nodded. "Well, well, well, I never knew plants could be so interesting, my darling!" Bellatrix Lestrange, hugging her son heavily. Rufus, tapped his mother's arms after a while, and she let go. Julian, a few months ago, might have laughed at such a liberal sharing of feeling between the awkward but brilliant Rufus and his mother, but now, he smiled. For they were all their plants. And, he had had an idea. "I forgot to tell her that we need to get the plants' pollen cycles synchronised in order to to align their wavelengths." He looked over their flowers. "Its like they are listening, watching. Not us, we are too small...but...everything!" "And I think we can get them to listen to someone in particular," said Julian, Darren's eyes already a blaze of interest as he pulled his friend-finder out of his robe. The bright light that had illuminated their immediate surroundings in the Defence classroom had dulled to a faint glow, throbbing, rhythmically. "He's asleep," said Rufus, conversationally. "That's good." "So...?" prompted Darren. And Julian told them of his hypothesis, one which might mean they could communicate, send messages, or a signal to their friend, using their friend-finders. One which involved using the "red-amethyst" watchstone rocks, made of iron-aluminium-silicon-oxide rocks to modify the signal, and amplify it using Rufus's pensieve. "And the radio...thank you Ruf, for getting it," this means we can choose our wavelength for broadcast. It will be like a non-wizard radio broadcast, but just for Septimus." There was silence. Darren said nothing, instead, watched the pulsing of Septimus's part of Julian's friend-finder. Rufus looked back a the plants. "Your mum saidthe friend finders use electromagnertsm!" exclaimed Julian, desperately, trying to breathe life back into his failing idea. "So do your plants. So does the radio." "Have you thought about ppening up the greenhouses?" asked Darren, thoughtfully, which was a lot for him. "I think I remember how to do it," Rufus replied, a coherent answer from his friend, for once. He found the winding gear in the corner near the door, covered in dirt and cobwebs and attached the handle. "Sound travels frther at night, I believe," said Mrs Lestrange, appearing back at the door. Julian was about to say something, anything, a denial, a retraction, a justification, but Rufus's mum continued, stepping back in. "I was just having a look round, not much has changed since I was here." She beamed at the three boys. "Work at night to contact your friend." She clapped Rufus on the shoulder. "Son, see you tell your teacher of muggle studies that your mother did pay attention when she was at school."
It was Monday, 29th March, 2009, the day of the Hearing of the "Declaration of Wizards". Soon after midnight people began gathering outside the European Wizarding Parliament building, its high walls protected by an array of security spells which allowed only employees and ministers to enter. The protesters, if that's what they were, gathered quietly and peacefully, for now; few words were being exchanged between one another. What they wanted to say was painted onto banners, reading "justice", "protection", "equality". Depending on one's point of view, the protestors could be conjurists, or they could be non-wizards. Others gathered with them and so, by ten o'clock in the morning large crowds were outside, their presence not going unnoticed by the Head of the European Parliament, his blonde hair catching the late spring sunlight. It was a lot of people, thought Draco Malfoy. To ensure justice, protection, and equality, the day would be a long one. Five hours before, in the early hours of the morning, Harry had apparated to meet Hermione at the Strasbourg apartment and had been taken aback that she was pacing the living room, looking as if she had not been to bed. Insisting on her taking a shower and eating breakfast, he looked down into Parliament Square, and at the dozens of people collecting there, not doing a lot, just milling around, holding banners, talking. Like the rest of the city its architecture was sleek yet craggy, bits had been added as the centuries had rolled by and the existing architecture had emmeshed with the new. It was the very centre in which he and Hermione would be attending today, not sleek and new but wooden and cramped, wherein Clovis, King of the Franks had consented to a wizard Witan building be constructed, at the very centre of what was to become the Holy Roman Empire. Whereas in Britain it had happened a two century later, under Alfred, King Clovis I had recognised the significance of hedge wizardry - paganism as the Christians had termed it - and allowed it a formal meeting place. It was the oldest of its kind, and its significance had not gone unnoticed to Harry. He and Hermione had apparated into the antechamber, which ran the whole perimeter outside the inside Witan chamber, Hermione walking, and then sitting ever so often to read through her pre-prepared notes. An hour later and Harry was joined by Caelius Lupin, not many days out of St. Mungo's, still drawn and haggared after his ordeal. But his mind was keen and bright; he went through Harry's points one by one, explaining that he would have to give justification to each once the proponent case had been heard, and wanted to be sure all was water-tight. "I am under no illusion that they have already decided on the outcome," said Caelius, scanning the faces of the wizards, in their royal blue robes, "and I cannot see much coming of this, barring a few amendments to domestic law, and non-wizard domestic law." And yet, thought Harry, what with the forthcoming Parliament elections and some potential poor decisions from Draco Malfoy on the non-wizard-born wizards and witches stopped from being candidates, this was significant. It was certainly significant to the what looked now like hundreds of wizards and witches, on a windy, changeable Monday morning who were outside the building. It was not long until nine o'clock. In the limestone-walled Grand Chamber, thirty representatives of the European Parliament, one for each member state in Wizarding Europe. Spells had been cast to ensure security. They know they are there for as long as they are needed (so let's hope they've all been to the toilet). In the centre, at a chair near the front Draco Malfoy now sat, catching the eye of the Minister for Magic of France as he shuffled the papers in front of him. Hermione cleared her throat uncertainly as he caught her eye. Harry nudged her and she laughed lightly. "Sorry, Just nervous," she replied, from her seat on the left hand side of the chamber. Harry, who should have been in the right bank of seating was sitting next to her. This part of the Euopean Wizarding Council was still virtually empty. He looked at her face, pale, lined, weariness there, illustrating the strain she had been under, for he was sure they had not been on her forehead last year. He reached out for her hand. "All this work I've done, all you've done...we have spent so long on this, and now...today..." her voice lapsed to silence as she looked down again. "We were there, at the Witan, when Sam was called, in November. But this...this feels..." Harry said nothing. He knew what she meant. It felt overwhelming, as if they were on a cliff-edge. So many things rode on this hearing. One false move, one slip of the tongue, one accidental withholding of an important fact could colour the whole proceeding. They sat there for a little longer as the seats filled behind them. Hermione pointed out Mrs. Pfirmlin, a colleague, with whom she had been working to present Europe's position, with whom she had spent time as she established herself as Aide to the Minister. Behind them, other colleagues, raising a hand in her direction and nodding. Harry took to his side as the British Ministry began to arrive, and he was surprised to see Bertie Wergs, come to sit next to him. Hovel Office representative and Aurors, he told Harry, carefully. It wasn't long until the chamber was full to capacity, even over-full. Harry looked at the court before him. Wizards from all of the sovereign countries were there, most looking over pre-hearing briefing notes. Hermione was not required to say anything, which Harry knew had been a relief to her – the wizards of the hearing had been in session since seven that morning scrutinising it, one or two of the Members of the European Wizarding Parliament nudging one another and pointing out things to one another. Then, Harry recognised a face, one which he had seen before at Strasbourg. Anders Hennig, Minister for Magic of Germany, his bearded face twitching as he looked at his notice. Hennig, thought Harry. He had come across that name before in his mother's work. Although the name hadn't been Anders, the Hennig he had come across had been guilty of ten murders of non-wizards during the time of Dumbledore's Army, educated at Durmstrang, a hard-liner in his feelings about people lacking magical ability. As Mick Mullen put it, he had strong feelings about people lacking magical ability continuing to live and breathe. But, again, there was not enough evidence to put this Hennig behind the collapse of a wall in Frankfurt killing over a hundred people, some prominent German wizards included, and the sudden absence of oxygen in a nightclub in Augsburg. To call him a conjurist would put it mildly; to call him a murderer would be closer to the mark. But, there was no evidence, and any evidence there might have been would have been carefully dismantled and hidden. And, just to the right of Hermione, with other wizards, ones having presumably called the hearing were taking their seats, shaking hands with someone else he knew. Wolfgang Broeck, headmaster of the Durmstrang Institute. The puppet head. For the headmaster, offically, of that northern school was Gellert Grindelwald. He and Ron had had a bet as to whether that wizard would arrive. But then, he was accused of so many crimes that, if he had come already it is likely that he had been arrested. Or, an arrest would have been attempted... Harry looked at the Ministers representing the different countries again, many of them exchanging wordless greetings with Broeck. Or perhaps not – perhaps there were crimes too great, and too numerous to be investigated without opening a Ravenclaw's box of diadems. Next to him, Caelius Lupin edged past, his limbs creaking into a seated position and Harry, a squeeze of his fiancee's hand, took his seat with him. Draco Malfoy instructed the ushers of the court to close the doors, which creaked heavily and banged closed. 88888888 "We are gathered to hear the petition raised by a group of wizards calling themselves the Wizards of Auld Magic." Draco Malfoy, their former schoolfriend and now President of the European Wizarding Council, pointed his wand to his throat in order to spell-amplify his voice. "Having heard the position from the European Council," he nodded at Hermione, whose testament with respect to the Declaration of Wizards within wizarding law had been auto-read from the parchmment, "their legal representative will begin by outlining the points of the Declaration which is to be heard and judgment. Wolfgang Broeck," he looked at the Durmstrang headmaster and nodded slightly, the candlelight catching his hair again. Harry forced himself to not look at Hermione. "Wolfgang Broeck, you have presented the key points of the Declaration which you wish to be passed into law." As was the protocol, the proponent, or defender of the hearing stood next, acknowleged the president and presented his case. The court came to a silence as all watched the headmaster get to his feet, which he did rather slowly, all eyes, hostile, ally, were on him. "Pertinent in the current climate of attacks, my friends, the Wizards of Auld Magic, thereto undersigned - " Broeck held up the original declaration for the court to see, allowing the parchment's lengthy diatribe against non-wizards to fall away, "believe that the fundamenal rights of magical humans are now being seriously undermined by the legislation brought to bear in each of the European Parliament countries. Non-wizards are deliberately and actively seeking to discriminate against wizards, to the point of gelding us of our magic." A flick of the wrist and Broeck's "Declaration" folded itself up again. Next to him, Caelius snorted cynically. One or two of the MEWPs looked at him in surprise. Harry leaned across to look at Hermione. She was staring straight ahead, at Draco Malfoy, who was eyeing Broeck with interest. "As such, we bring the Declaration, to be enshrined in European Law," Broeck continued, addressing both the MEWPs and the rest of the people gathered there, clearly accustomed to speaking to large audiences and using it to his full advantage, "recognising formally the existence, continued survival, way of living and and right to exist practise magic. We recognise that the right to exist, survive and practise are subject to the rights of non-wizards to exist and survive. Since the dawn of history wizards have been repressed by non-wizards...failing to integrate us; failing to assimilate their communities. They claim...they claim...!" he bellowed, mockingly, "recompense for years wizards' repression on their lives!" "Yer...yer...!" a low grumble sounded. Opposing them, a number of voices around released noises which sounded like, "pah!" Draco, after a tiny pause, raised himself slowly to his feet. "I must ask the representatives and their respective retinues to remain silent – we can hardly hear the honourable headmaster of Durmstrang. Should there be more disturbances the offenders will be removed." "Honourable!" Caelius clicked his tongue. Harry looked at his face. Paler, far paler than usual, the Minister had been through for Remus. And his mother, he knew, then tried to clear their faces from his mind. He looked around, trying to get his mind on the task, his task, which he had to do clearly and carefully. He rubbed his palms together, which had grown moist. "Our way of life is increasingly coming under threat," Broeck continued, his moustache twitching as he talked like an injured caterpillar. "Daily there is restrictions on practise and this impinges on how wizards go about their daily life." More "yers", but stilted this time. "We come to the statements prepared for the Ministry of Magic of the United Kingdom and the European Government." "Thank you, Herr. Broeck." Draco nodded in acknowlegement, then sought out Harry, then nodded when he'd caught his eye as the Hearing ministers noted down furiously information onto sheets of paper and parchments. "I invite Harry Potter to give the statement prepared on behalf of the Ministry for Magic of the United Kingdom." Mechanically, heads turned in his direction. Harry could feel a flush of colour to his cheek. He then noticed Hermione who, though still obviously nervous, was smiling in what she obviously thought was an encouraging way. He flexed is feet as he stood up, to give himself a little more confidence, which was shaken again when Caelius growled, "Get on up there, Harry Potter." Stumbling a little, as he missed a low step from the seating to the lectern to the right of Draco, at which Broeck had been just moments ago, he swallowed. Get this right, he told himself as he noticed that the Durmstrang headmaster was fixing him with a beady stare and he looked down sharply at his prepared notes. The audience was again silent. No-one wanted to miss a word. "The history of Auld Magic," Harry began, looking around the room. So many faces. So much expectation on him. He looked down to Caelius, who had his eyes focused totally on Harry, and then to Hermione, who was looking around the room. He saw Bertie Wergs, quill poised. Harry swallowed again. "Get in with it, man!" shouted one wizard from near the front. Harry stopped, looked down to where he last remembered he had been in his notes and, like a light switching on in his mind, as his consciousness connected his speech with the significance of his surroundings, he did so. "Ladies and gentlemen," Harry began again. "The history of Auld Magic is one which has come to the forefront in recent years. It is a representation of the past, of wizardry, of ancestry, to the beginning of written records in Britain, and indeed, Europe." He looked at Caelius, who was still fixing his eyes on him. "It has a strong history, which puts wizards at the forefront, and always has done. It is pertinet to note that we are indeed in such an historic building to listen to wizards' requests to enshrine ourselves in law, this building in which the original Auld Magic was practised, legally, and freely. King Clovis himself, instead of killing the pagan, began this parliament - " Harry swing his arm out in a quarter-circle to draw attention to the fourteen hundred year old inner chamber in which the Declaration was being heard, "this room in which wizards were free to be wizards, and practise wizardry." Harry looked down at his notes, and heard in the audience vague talking, some of it sounded like assent. Good. A lot were listening. Harry smiled. "I believe even the first King of France would be proud to know that his gift to the Grand Witan, its building and its conventions, are still being used today." He nodded at Caelius, then smiled again. "I represent the position of the British Ministry for Magic, our country having a similar paradigm shift in the form of Alfred the Great's Grand Witan. As such, I draw your attention to the Universal Link. Such a connection, made within the last twenty years by Severus Snape, former headteacher of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry - " " - who is currently missing - " shouted someone, whose sentiments were backed up with several indistinct "yes"es. Harry ignored them, "- who was awarded a Merlin Prize for Physical Defence two years running. This Link, as we very much are aware, illustrates the interconnectedness of all humans, whether magical or not - " "We do not reject the science-based link!" interrupted Broeck, smiling widely. Harry noticed, from the wizards behind Draco, Minister Hennig's smile was a "snap". "It has been proven time and again." "Then you will agree, Herr Broeck, that the work begun by Alfred the Great's Grand Witan, that there was a great deal of evidence of co-operation between wizards and non-wizards, of spell standardisation and teaching formalities, where scientific discoveries went hand in hand? Believe me, there is almost inexhaustible evidence." Harry smiled again, and there were a few laughs, which broke the tension. Herr Broeck was glaring at Harry now, his eyes narrowing. And then, he got to his feet. "If I may, President Malfoy," he began, silkily, and then continued, as Draco nodded his assent, "Britain has long been held as a land with no magic. Students simply do not care about the love of learning wizardry for its own sake. They are arrogant, with no pride in their heritage." Point made, with a lot more agreement now with the audience nodding and mumbling, Broeck sat down with a self-satisfied smile lazily crawling around his lips. Harry saw Hermione jerk her head towards Caelius. But the Minister of Magic was not looking at her, he was looking at Harry. "Thank you, Herr Broeck," Harry continued, looking at his notes again to find his place, then looked around to the audience who, all at once, seemed the most important people to convince – the MEWPs were sitting still, silent, watching the wizards before them and their reaction. "The Universal Link and is the key to this hearing, the British Ministry for Magic proposes. As such the Reciprocators operating in Britain since Joseph Black have formed long and intricate links in mutual co-operation between us. As soon as engineering was available, broom technology was used by the founder of the Reciprocators for flight; the range of medicines and potions available has been widened and made safer; jobs and careers have prospered. To this co-operation there have been setbacks along the way - " Harry chanced a look at Broeck, and found that he was looking directly at Malfoy, " - and recent research building on our genetic interconnectedness has resulted in the finding, verified by several independent wizards around the world and doctors with vested interests, that everyone, no matter what they demonstrate, has the potential to have magic. Silence. Or, rather, less than silence. If there had been words accompanying the open mouths of some of the wizards gaping at him, the seeming absence of air particles would not allow their transmission. "I was sure that the concept of the Reciprocators would emerge in the testimony of the British Ministry," announced Draco Malfoy, breaking the thrall, "but I did not expect it to be so soon." He turned to Harry, some of his blonde hair falling over his forehead. "Please continue, Mr. Potter." Harry looked down at his notes, realising that he had finished. Panicked slightly, he looked back at Caelius, who was staring at him still. Surely he had not finished? There was surely more he had to say? It didn't feel like any longer than five minutes. "I have finished," said Harry awkwardly. At his words, as he looked to Caelius again, dimly aware that there was some clapping going on. He looked round to Hermione and saw that she was on her feet, clapping fervently. Next to her, Ron, who had been in charge of the broadcast back to the British Ministry, who was giving him a thumbs-up. "No." A voice came from the audience, and with it, a wizard, carefully raising himself up to his feet. Caelius Lupin, to an audience of diminishing volume, looked around, his recovery from his self-inflicted testing of Remus's potion still evident around his features. Harry was just in the process of debating with himself whether to stay where he was, or leave the lectern when the British Minister for Magic began to speak from where he stood. Harry planted his feet, listening. "You have more to share with us, Minister?" asked Draco, smiling with his mouth to Caelius. "Indeed. My esteemed colleague here, Mr. Harry Potter, has represented the historical basis for integration it only remains for me to reinforce our point politically. Our Ministry stands as a beacon of light to all those who say that non-wizards should not be at the forefront of everything which Herr Broeck outlined." Harry noticed that the Minister was sweating as he spoke, his skin as translucent as porcelain held to the light. But his clear limited recovery was not stopping him from speaking. "We have brought into our laws measures not to divide our nation, but to unite it. The Link, which was verified almost the day it was discovered by scientists representing the European Parliament - " he jabbed a finger towards Draco. But Draco Malfoy merely dropped his head, passing a letter across to Pierre Pfirmlin, who was sitting on his left. The little wizard read the parchment, then got to his feet. "However, the integration is not a safe measure, Caelius Lupin," Pfirmlin replied, pointing to the letter, its edges curling over the edge of the desk. "I have evidence provided here, by a one..." he peered carefully at the name, "- Neville Longbottom, of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry," he looked back to Caelius, "to the effect of environmental dangers to non-wizards? There have been serious incidents which have made the students gravely ill, this teacher confides to us?" "This is quite true," agreed Caelius, reluctantly, beads of sweat on his forehead. "And the students have recovered. Their parents have insisted they come back. That shows a good deal of commitment for our vision." "Yet, not half so many as came in September," replied Broeck, pushing himself to his feet, and addressing Pfirmlin and Draco. "Yet again, Caelius Lupin has attempted to refute the truth, Minister," he added, "as he did in November." Harry, who was still at the stand opened his mouth, agog. "Does this have any relevance to the Declaration?" asked Draco, steadily. Caelius was still on his feet, and was glaring at Broeck. "I merely point out that any Declaration of Wizards must acknowledge non-wizards, and since non-wizards are just part of a continuum of ourselves, then it is madness to exclude them." Harry waited for Caelius to sit down, but he didn't. Instead, Wolfgang Broeck got back up again. "And yet you, Caelius Lupin, are a traitor to wizardkind. You tried to suppress a book which my esteemed colleague Professor Felixssohn wrote, based on the Universal Link that you love so well. You are also ruining the futures of all at Hedgewards with the surface-learning that now takes place as your staff accommodate non-wizards. I merely seek wizards' position in law to safeguard us all. Wizards have always lived apart from non-wizards, culturally...historially..." Broeck's eyes moved lazily over to the raised platform, where Harry had been sitting, waiting to be dismissed. He was standing up again. "It was convenient, nothing more. European history was written down by Clovis, just as Alfred did. It was recorded that non-wizards did get ill, they did sicken - " there was a rumbling of low talking in the room as the audience was talking. Harry noticed Caelius glaring at him. "But a lot of non-wizards adapted, despite accelerated timelines..." "...accelerated timelines...?" Harry heard echo. "Sounds like non wizards should be taken out of the school immediately..." He swallowed. Whatever he said seemed to be making everything worse for the ministry. "Indeed," Broeck continued, looking at Harry, his eyes telling him that he had been the greatest advantage Broeck could have asked for. "Because of these associations we are now experiencing areas of weaker magic. Spells are simply becoming ineffecive in areas of non-magical populations..." "Rubbish!" shouted some people from the back. "Nonsense!" "I wish it were," said Broeck, his head shaking in sadness. "It is an example of an unstable magical field, a key position in history, a node, which is why we, as representatives of interested Wizarding institutions," he waved his arm at the other wizards seated with him. Anders Hennig gave a nod, "we ask our Witan its counsel as to whether, on such evidence, non-wizards should be divided from us for their safety. We have never denied our common heritage," he added, nodding towards Draco. Now there was silence. It had been said, and could never be unsaid. The wizards wanted division of wizards from non-magical people: that was unprecedented. Most of the faces of the audience were now on Draco Malfoy, their eyes searching his face for an answer and, when they didn't get one, looked past him and at the blue-clad MEWPs. "I will highlight a point from the prepared statement that the Ministry of European Wizarding Parliament heard several hours ago, and I thank Hermione Grainger for her statement:" Harry's eyes darted over to Hermione, whose cheeks had pinked, " "Non-wizards are becoming endangered by violent acts by wizards and are, as such, appealing for the help that they need through legislation. There are areas of illness and spell extinction. It is beyond the Ministry's reasonable doubt that this is happening because of integration." "And where do we draw the line?" shouted someone from the back. "Apes and monkets? Cats and dogs? Animagi who have got stuck?" There was laughter at this which, thought Harry, was better than the shouting at one another that Caelius and Broeck had been doing. "No, now, please," Draco held up a hand. He was smiling. "Homosapiens only, I believe Herr Broeck means, and a potential division between magical and non-. Safety is, of course, of paramount importance." "But!" shouted out a voice, and it took a few seconds to realise to Harry that it had been him, "your history, at this historic border between the Franks and the Allemeine! The beginning of the history of the Anglo-Saxons! In the days, the years after Clovis this chamber was used by all people, wizards and non-wizards met here, traded, held counsel? Are you unaware, in your meticulous research, Herr Broeck, of the first wizard who brought his case before the assembly here?" There was an undercurrent of noise. Harry refused to look at Caelius or Hermione in case he faltered. Broeck could not go unchallenged in face of confliciting historical record. "Widukind came here, leader of the Saxons...they remained pagan and refused to convert to Christianity." He leaned across towards Draco, and continued, as if having only an intimate conversation with him, "did you know that Widukind's name translates to wood-knowlegde, intelligence and use of nature? He was a hedgewizard, using what we – and Professor Felixsson would call "Auld Magic," he changed a glance at Broeck who was looking back at him, impassively, "and before Charlemagne opposed him in battle he came here, to the witan, to speak for the few against the many." Harry turned, as if to address the audience now. But the continuation of the story was told, not by him, but by the German Wizarding Chancellor, Anders Hennig. "Widukind had the choice in coming here, but his way of life was challenged," explained Hennig, his solemn, low voice captivating all present. "Widukind was murdered because he was a wizard. His knowledge had been passed down through the ages and is Art of the Wize. Perhaps he would not have stood in the way of Charles the Great, magicless, as the Strasbourg Witan had made Widukind." "Are you suggesting that Widukind, of legend, was stripped of his magic?" Draco asked, instrigued. "Indeed. He argued on the impinging of Saxon lands by Franks, he threatened Charlemagne. He then offered to fight the Holy Roman Emperor without magic and declared that he would still win," Harry said, recalling the long letters he had read of his mother's, which outlined all of this history. "What happened?" "He lost, and so did the Germanic Saxons. Their sacred tree was cut down by Charlemagne: that tree was the origin of wizards' wands; it represented great power and strength, and non-wizards seeking to subjugate us again de-wizard us by making us remove our robes, our wands, banish our brooms. It is a situation which militant conjurists are scared of today, and rightly so. And, in the United Kingdom conjurists are persecuted. It is this country, the so-called, "Land with no Magic", which seeks, through their laws, to destroy wizardkind." 88888888 Ten minutes after Hennig had sat down, and an address was given telling all present what the next steps were, an adjournment for MEWP discussion was called. Harry, glad to step down from the podium, approached Hermione. "You did what you could," said Hermione, taking his hand. "What else could you do? Yes, you were representing the British Ministry, but history is history, it happened, or it didn't." "Well, I feel like a fool," Harry admitted, walking with her towards the door and out into the cooler corridor which circumferenced the hall. "I listened to Dad; I tried not to get involved. But, Caelius. You saw his face, didn't you?" "He doesn't look well," Hermione agreed, casting a glance at Caelius, pacing near a fireplace ahead in the circular corridor, frail and bent. Then she gave an, "ooh!" of surprise and pointed past him. "What's Ron dojng here?" He had noticed them too, as strode past groups of wizards who were huddled towards one another, discussing proceedings indistinctly. While they could not hear them, odd words spat out of the groups: "illnesses", "Widukind", and "The Emperor Charlemagne." It was clear that it was the Hearing they were discussing. "Hi!" said Ron, and explained in haste he was in charge of floo connection. "Last minute: your Uncle Regulus could not attend himself. I was trying to get your attention at the start, but it began really quickly. "Yes, replied Harry. "Very quickly. Suspiciously so." Hermione shot him a look. "Suspiciously?" asked Ron. "Like it's been decided already - " He broke off and looked at the green glow in the fireplace next to them. The one adjacent was also showing the same picture. "Of course!" exclaimed Heemione, dragging them over. "The news!" Indeed it was: a news report was being transmitted to the fireplaces within the Parliament building. Harry recognised them from Hermione's Strasbourg apartment: they came on automatically, but he had found a way of stopping them to the apartment's fireplace. They huddled closely together, listening for the familiar voice of... "...Anelia Morrisey, reporting live from outside the European Council building, here in Strabourg. And, now it is midday, we have breaking news for you. Dozens of demonstrators have been arrested across Europe as protests against the Hearing of the Declaration of Wizards turned violent. Lines of Aurors and non-wizard police and helmets blocked the streets of Strasbourg centred around the Wizarding Parliament Building, arresting more than two thousand demonstrators, chasing some of them down alleys to break up a protest of the fairness from today's hearing. "We love The European Wizarding Union! They love our money and hate democracy!" protesters chanted, a reference to widespread anger over potential government moves today following the strong position of the group calling themselves the Wizards of Auld Magic. Others sat in the streets, awaiting arrest and reading copies of the European Magical Constitution. Amongst them, non-wizards, peaceful, refusing to give in to the waves of violence, waved banners which called for security, peace and equality. Some clashes have been reported and several dozen arrests have been made. "The spark for today's protest, which erupted from the law-abiding occupation of Parliament Square from the very early hours of this morning, is the decision by the European Wizarding Council to block several opposition candidates from running for Members of the Wizarding Parliament asserting that they had not fulfilled the necessry criteria for election, a charge the candidates denied, throwing back the allegation to the Wizarding Parliament that they are being denied through lack of magical heritage. All of the candidates who have been barred come from non-magical families. "European capitals from Paris to Moscow, Copenhagen to Athens saw flash rallies, strikes and violence on the streets. French Aurors clashed with curse-throwing protesters who cast fires and smashed up brooms as thousands of people gathered for protests in Paris. Meanwhile, in Greece, a mass-walkout of staff with non-wizard heritage, joined by wizards of all heritages in solidarity, crippled the floo, portable pensieve and broom-traffic control. "More than two thousand people were arrested near the Wizarding Parliament building, the intended site of the election rally which quickly became focused on the proceedings within the Wizarding Parliament chamber, the Witan, although many never made it there. The action in Europe saw wizards and non-wizards the world over take to the streets in dozens of Asian and African capitals, with cities in North and South America also braced for disruption later on Tuesday. "A Non-Wizard Reciprocator rally in London was carried off peacefully and Aurors there said they were not expecting significant demonstrations or violence. The protest, which not authorized by the Ministry of Magic, was the latest in a series of street demonstrations staged as President Malfoy Junior approval ratings have dipped amid economic hardship and social unrest. The authorities were prepared to suppress today's rally and its leader, Alexander Niedersachs, opposition leader of the EWU who had called the demonstration, was arrested on yesterday morning and sentenced to 30 days in jail for inciting wizarding violence. Other prominent opposition politicians including Jim Johnson, Peter Goodcave and Jean-Paul Laurent were also rounded up before the event. "A post on the Portable Pensieve page of Mr. Yates, a street activist and one of the politicians who was barred from running, said 10 cloaked Aurors had removed him from his house in Paris overnight before the today's demonstration. "It is horrible. My feeling is that we live under an occupation," said Natalia Slanic, 45, referring to the heavy Auror presence in the city centre. "They fear that the end is coming, the end of this corrupt operation," Miss Slanic, a retired healer, added. "We will have nobody to choose from on Election Day." "At stake in the 30th June election are the 45 seats on the Strasbourg Witan which is responsible for a Europe-wide Wizarding budget and is controlled by the liberal party, all of whom are present today to decide the outcome of the "Declaration of Wizards. Election officials have so far registered nearly 200 candidates, most of whom are largely supportive of Mr. Malfoy Junior. "European protesters by the statue of the Navarre King, Henri IV France, Paris confronted riot Aurors during an unauthorised demonstration this morning, demanding that non-wizards be allowed to run for office in the local elections, despite pointing out that non-wizards were not the same as wizards with non-wizard parents. Protesters say that without diverse candidates, the coming Parliament election is rigged. "One woman, Anna Peyr, bled from a blow to the head with a disarming spell aimed at her head. "None of us was breaking the law. This situation was provoked by the police," said Miss Peyr, her head wrapped in a blood-soaked bandage. "I even lost consciousness for a minute," she said while awaiting medical assistance. Even before the election dispute, protests had broken out in provincial cities "While today's flash demonstrations in the capital and other cities have pierced the image of unified support for Mr. Malfoy, the scale of support for such rallies is unclear. Strasbourg Aurors said that 3,500 people came out for today's rally, including about 700 journalists and Pensieve Loggers (Ploggers) who had notified them that they would be attending. Nowhere, however, in this debate, have the names of the two wizards usually cited for inciting violence, Dumbledore and Grindelwald, been mentioned. It can only be hoped that this politically-motivated, Europe-wide demonstration will be resolved very quickly. This is Anelia Morrissey reporting to you live, outside the European Wizarding Parliament." 88888888 An hour later and a call was broadcast throughout the outer corridor that they were to be reseated as the MEWPs, and the Minister of the European Parliament were reassembling. Sitting next to one another now, with Ron with them, they waited for all of the 45 Members to be seated, Harry's mind on the news report. If it was indeed true that there was an attempt to bar wizards with two non-magical parents then that was an even greater act of discrimination than anything that had been heard there that morning. Hermione's job may be threatened. He was about to say something when Draco took his seat, waited until the 45 MEWPs were ready, and then stood, to address them all. "I will get straight to the point," Draco began. "We have come to a unanimous verdict. We are all here today to investigate the claim, brought by the "Wizards of the Auld Magic" that the right to live and be a wizard should be declared in European law. Myself, and my esteemed colleagues - " Draco nodded to the MEWPs, "have discussed this matter in detail - " " - and we'll still be out of here, with all of this taking half a day!" declared Hermione, angrily under her breath. "The charge of wizard life being eroded is upheld. Any attempt to impinge on wizarding life is henceforth illegal." Cheers and whoops came from the Wizards of Auld Magic group, and Anders Hennig, who was at the centre of the group. Draco looked at them, and waited until the audience was quiet again. "That being so, any attempt to impinge on non-wizard life also illegal." Whispers and shouts went up, while Draco waited patiently. "We, as the representatives of our nations, are unanimous in our feelings that wizards need to feel their way of life is not being eroded. Non-wizards have the right to equivalent freedoms, and as such there is an imbalance in persecution towards non-wizards. So, we have rejected the petition to enshrine in law the "Declaration of Wizards", but may do so, in the future, should a similar petition be brought by non-wizards." "He did it!" declared Harry, to Ron and Hermione. "Caelius did it! They cannot use the law to justify conjurism, or the reformation of Dumbledore's Army!" He stole a glance, past the faces of some of the wizards who brought the case, whose expressions ranged from disappointment, to indignation, to anger. Others, too, were locked in frantic discussions, some silent, but smiling, to that of Caelius. He seemed to be immobile, and was looking at the floor. Had he heard? Harry wanted to go over to talk to him. But Draco was holding his wand, ready for another annoucement. "We have heard in detail the dangers that we, as wizards, are posing to the non-wizard population. Life has moved on since Clovis and Charlemagne," Draco looked for a moment, at Harry, "we are aware of the detriment to non-wizards' lives. After lengthy deliberation I have no hesitation in declaring that the safety and security of all our citizens is of paramount importance. In order to de-escalate the situation, I have decided that wizards should hereby live concealed from non-wizards, that memory augmentation will be carried out by the end of next month, so that non-wizards should forget about wizards and wizards will continue to live in their communities unencumbered by non-wizards. No wizard should therefore feel their way of life under threat and in danger. Continue as we are and we may find ourselves in a state of civil war. We are to divide our world from that of non-wizards, live lives adjacent one another. Combined governments of wizard and non-wizard politicians will be disbanded. To do this we will need isolate ourselves, our presence and our way of life away from them, for their safety, and for ours. This decree has been passed in Europe and I will be taking this recommendation to the international federation of wizards next week." An atom dropped to the floor before Draco, and Harry was sure he had heard it. And then, its fission, exploding out of the silence like a bomb. "No!" "Outrageous!" Cries, and shouts were being heard all over the chamber. Harry looked at Hermione, and then at Ron. Shut ourselves away from non-wizards? How would that even be possible? Where would anyone begin with such a task ahead of them. To his left, Harry saw that they had been joined by Caelius Lupin. "Its the young Dumbledore's all over again," said the British Minister for Magic. "They've won." "They haven't won, sir," said Hermione. "The Declaration was not passed." "It amounts to the same thing. By dividing us from non-wizards, all those hatreds, all of those prejudices, will only get worse. And violence towards non-wizards will increase. "I am sorry, sir," said Harry, the shame that he had not been able to communicate the historical record coming forth into his mind again. "You did what I needed, Harry," said Caelius, cynicism etched like eroded rock in his pale face. "I would guess that the verdict had already been decided." Harry followed Caelius's gaze to where the members of the Wizards of Auld Magic were seated. They did indeed look satisfied. "What do we do now?" "Do?" asked Caelius. "We wait until the British Ministry receives instructions to do what Lucius's son has declared: mass befuddlement of the non-wizard population. Today is a textbook example of how propaganda begins. But, we won't go down without a fight. And it will only serve to inflame the protests of today," Caelius smiled strangely at Harry, and glanced at Hermione. "Suppressing non-wizard-borns," Hermione said, angrily. Ron put his hand on her arm. Harry was about to ask Caelius what he meant by "not going down without a fight" but a steward from the Witan doors had hurried over to them, and was inspecting Harry's name badge. "Harry Potter," he wheezed, looking desperately at him. "Good. I've found you, at last. An encrypted floo from your father." "From my father?" Harry echoed, looking between Ron and Hermione, and then at Caelius. "He knew I was here, working today." The skinny, dark-haired steward shrugged. "As it's encrypted, you may take it in one of the meeting rooms." In a small room, just off the circular outer corridor Harry was shown a fireplace which, within, was a green glow. "Here you are, sir," said the steward. Harry stepped in, quickly followed by Hermione and Ron. The door swung closed, and Harry approached the fire. But it was not his dad's face in the flames, but Sirius's. "I had to tell them I was James – this is a security nightmare," Sirius began, his face flickering wildly. Ron took out his wand and held it near the grate, and the image stabilised. "Thanks," said Harry, and looked back to Sirius. His face had an agonised expression on it, as if he was trying to think of the right words. "I'll just say it, Harry. Your dad has been called to the Ministry. He left school last night, and collected a marriage licence that he had arranged from Hedgemeade. He was not alone. Crystallia Brandt also left school. They were married last night. But - " Sirius shouted, as if to prevent Harry from interrupting, Sam...he...had a confrontation with another boy from school, leaving him with horrific curse injuries, Fraser Blewitt. The "Avada Kedavra" curse. There is a warrant out for Sam's arrest." 88888888 At about the same time as the hearing finished, not five hundred yards from the perimeter of the Parliament builiding, beyond even the most ardent of protestors a temporarily-absent headteacher and a determined student left another deserted farmhouse - the boy, closing the book he promised to read, noting the promise of his glowing friend-finder - and began their traverse towards the German border.
88888888 Harry had not seen their mum since the Hearing but could only imagine her devastation. He had floo'd back to Grimmauld Place immediately after Sirius had told him about Sam and had waited until the early hours of the next morning, when he finally stalked back through the door, dishevelled and exhausted, ignoring Harry, instead throwing himself into an arm chair and nursing his head in his hands. Sam and Crystallia were probably in Iceland, James had explained eventually. Mick and Dave Mullen had tracked down the Registry Wizard who had married them, and it would seem they had made their way north that very night, up to the Outer Hebrides, after which the trail had gone cold. The Mullens, along with Lucius had had to wait for Bertie Wergs, Hovel Office Minister, to return from Strasbourg before the offical paperwork could be completed, with evidence from Hedgewards in relation to Sam's arrest warrant. Caelius had returned shortly after four-thirty and had immediately sent out the Time Flies, whose presence around Lewis on Orkney confirmed their passage. But that curse, though, on a boy of his own age? True, the Blewitt family were not at all popular in the Potter household, mum's reasons being much clearer now. But, to cast a curse, with only a wall deflecting most of the blast, having duelled with him, was not like Sam. There were eye witnesses, children who had come forward, people who did not know Sam or Fraser Blewitt, younger children who had been drawn to the fight. Avada Kedavra. Harry could hardly remember when he had heard of that spell being used, so long ago that the so-called "Unforgiveable Curses" were outlawed in Europe, and then the world, although that did not stop members of Dumbledore's Army threatening their use. No, Avada Kedavra was not Dumbledore's style. Dumbledore's style was the glass shattering all over the country last Halloween, sending terrifying, cryptic messages along with it. Or setting up other people to do his dirty work. Non-wizards were capable of dying under a lot of other spells. "Iceland is out of the jurisdiction of European law," his father had said wearily, as he stared blankly at a cup of tea which Sirius had magicked him, "so an extradition order has been issued, but it can't be enforced unless the Ministry knows that Sam and Crysrallia had definitely gone there, which they don't." "Why there?" Sirius had asked. "Crystallia's health. She is developing the adverse symptoms of a Narratoveritia." "And, they are definitely married?" His dad had looked across to Sirius, effortfully. "It has been registered in the domestic department of the Hovel Office. And my Aurors have been on this since last night." He sighed. It does not help that we were inundated from the moment that Draco Malfoy announced the Separation. 32 days and we will be living in secret, and non-wizards will not know of us?" James had put his head in his hands, and then, when Harry had thought he was about to cry, hauled himself to his feet. "I'm going out. I'm going to look for him." Sirius had caught the determination in his friend's statement. "And I'm coming with you." And Harry had been left there. It had taken a message from Aunt Petunia in the fireplace for Harry to understand that the Reciprocators had been put onto this, as well as the NWRs. One of whom, Harry remembered, was Fraser Blewitt's mum. Petunia wanted further information, and had spoken kindly to him, and said she would floo later. Harry was left looking around 12, Grimmauld Place, then sat down in the chair that his father had just vacated. What could he do? He had done as Dad had advised, yet the rest of what he had discovered, about Mrs Lupin, and the missing timeturner, was hard to ignore. Only a few weeks ago Dad had been chairing a meeting deciding whether to petition for the veil to be destroyed. Now, Sam was wanted and such matters were far from James's mind. Was this the end of the Reciprocators, just as the European Parliament wanted? Something else Harry was finding hard to ignore was the comment from Caelius Lupin at the end of the Hearing. It suggested to him that the Ministry would resist, and so the Reciprocators would too, especially with their collaboration of the Non-Wizard Reciprocators. Theoretically, the NWRs would not exist. However, information had, historically, always been shared between the two communities. And that, surely, would have to continue. Still, there was something more, and Harry suspected his dad had told him more than he ought, as Head of the Reciprocators. Was he asking for help? No-one wanted Dumbledore's Army again, and this verdict was a step towards that, already the anti-democracy protests had turned overnight into anti-segregation protests. As dawn filtered into the living room of Grimmauld Place, inky black vanquished by indigo, in turn overcome by red, then an orange-yellow, Harry's thoughts turned to his brother again. What had possessed Sam to do that? Abscond from school, use an Unforgiveable Curse? Although, even though it had been reported as such, the information left behind by his father suggested that the magical forensic aurors were not entirely convinced that the curse that had been used had been "Avada Kedavra". But they would still need to see him, speak to him, and analyse his wand. Why had he flown the country, maybe even literally, as his broom was missing from Hedgewards' store? He knew Sam loved Crystallia; she must clearly have had plans to return home to her faly, maybe her condition was worsening? Maybe Sam thought he couldn't be without her? And then there was here. The Potters' domestic situation was not one anyone would wish on anyone else. There was no clear "home" to which Sam could return, and even if he decided to come back to Grimmauld Place it wasn't the most conducive of places given what had happened at Christmas, with their parents separated. There was the pressure of the European Internship, too. Hadn't Fraser Blewitt been Sam's rival for that? Surely, as he had decided to marry Crystallia, then he'd given up any idea of it. Worse still, it was he and Hermione's wedding in less than a month and Sam would not be there. And then a thought struck him: would there even be a wedding? Hermione's mum was arranging it, and with both his soon-to-be inlaws muggles, by the timetable of the European Parliament, they would be befuddled by then. Hermione was, even now, back at Strasbourg working on the timetable. How cruel. So, Harry floo'd back to the Department of History at the Ministry for Magic. The place was in a state of upheaval. An undercurrent of panic was pervading everything and everybody. The lift imp was buzzing around like a blue bat, feverishly trying to work out which floor everyone needed to get to and getting into a muddle. Everywhere, people were hurrying, to meetings, around their own departments, even with writing their reports quill pens were hovering over the parchments, comments such as, "...the ministry and the combined government – no! Take that last bit out...the ministry, under Caelius Lupin...". Piles of paper and books were being knocked over in peoples' haste in whatever it was they had been called back in to work to do that night, urgently, immediately. There was no need to do the history work any more, but Harry felt this was the best place to be. Hermone was back in Strasbourg, doing something, he imagined, to the poor, frenetic witches and wizards all over the Ministry. There was something which didn't make sense, something he couldn't just leave it. It was only when he saw the portrait in his which hung in the History department that he realised what he must do. So Harry explained to Aberforth Dumbledore everything he had found out, from the time turner, the four wizards called the Going, to the history of Hedgewards and the Grand Witan under Alfred the Great. "It is indeed marvellous that you have found all this out, Harry," said Aberforth, looking just as Harry remembered him, in dark, gold robes, round spectacles and large, long hair and beard. He was sitting in the portrait and, every so often he would adjust his hat. "I need to know," said Harry, bravely, after he had finished telling everything he could think of that might be of important to Aberforth, "...Aloysius..." Stiffly, as if trying to move his limbs through treacle, Aberforth sat further upright in his chair. "I wondered when someone would ask me about him. Probably the greatest Reciprocator of all." "Reciprocator?" Aberforth nodded. "I took the Oath from him myself." "Why was he the greatest?" asked Harry, thinking also about why it was that he had not come to speak to Aberforth before, since his painting had always been in the department. "Why? Because he put his life on the line many times over to prevent injustices to non-wizards." "I cannot find him in any book." "That is because no book exists about him." "He does seem to crop up here and there in history..." Harry prompted. "Yes," nodded the pigmented version of Aberforth Dumbledore. "He does He worked on a scientific principle known as "relativity"." "And he worked with the Going," Harry continued. "With Salazar Slytherin, with Raymond Lully and with Nicholas Flamel. How can he have?" "You are not thinking relativiistically, Harry," said Aberforth. "There are some advantages of allowing more non-wizards at Hedgewards, although they were not fully realised during your time at the school. However, there is nothing I can tell you. Events are happenign around you which are a direct consequence of that wizard's brilliance." "What should we do? What can I do?" "Wait for them to unfold." "For what to unfold?" "The life of Cecilia Lupin." Cecilia Lupin. She seemed critical in this, for some reason. "She has found Lindvald by now," Aberforth continued, "I would imagine. Or is it later than that time? Or earlier?" Harry shrugged his shoulders. "I don't know. The information I received was very sketchy. Lindvald was at Durmstrang, and so was Mrs. Lupin. Perhaps they have now met?" "The important thing to remember, Harry, is that that woman's arriving proving it was possible for worlds to be accessed, different worlds to this one. Lindvald must be allowed to continue with his own plan if my brother is to be defeated. The veil is critical." "The Reciprocators recently voted to prevent it being destroyed," said Harry, swinging his head around a little as he was getting cramp in his neck from looking up for so long. "What is Lindvald's plan? What was yours How does a timeturner missing from my father's office link to all of this?" "Thanks to Caelius, Severus and now your father, they are one and the same. My advice - do as you are asked, see events unfold. And watch Septinus Lupin." "But – but...!" protested Harry, who had not really had satisfactory answers to any of his questions. But Aberforth's pigments solidified. He stood in the semi-darkness for a moment, thinking of all that they had said. "Watch events unfold," Aberforth had said. And, Harry thought, as he left the ministry, to crashing sounds and something which sounded as if the whole of the "Defence" department had let out a barrowful of nargles, and Aberforth had also said something else: Aloysius Lupin had passed the Reciprocators on to him. 88888888 Just over the border of France and Septimus sat on a blanket about an inch off the damp ground as he tucked into a tea of pickled gherkins, rolls and sausage. They were not far south from Frankfurt, he remembered from the map he had studied, and they had traversed through the city quickly, through commuters and office workers. He had thought about the "Heidi" book that his mum used to read to him when he was younger, when Heidi had stayed with Clara, before inviting her to the mountains with her and her grandfather. They had enjoyed some food in a cafe in the city; Snape had explained that by crossing international borders the time flies had to reconfigure themselves, and there would be delays to their accuracy. That they had not been bothered by the time flies since Beauxbatons was not something he could mention. What he did mention was that Bavaria was south of here, as was the Black Forest, and this is where he was going. The village of "Grindelwald". They would find mum. Drinking the water Snape had conjured for him, in a "Royal Worcester" teacup, he listened to the sound of the river. Sometimes, when he closed his eyes Septimus could hear the beguiling calling, moaning from Beauxbatons. It had been an incredible place, but not one he wanted to return back to in a hurry. But, Septimus told himself, he mustn't think about that now, he had done as much as he could for his dad. He put down his cup and rubbed at his arms. They felt tingly, like they always did as the full moon approached. He had taken the medicine Snape had given him to minimise the symptoms, but it still felt as if all of the inside of his body was trying to be pushed out through the pores in his skin. Not a painful feeling, but an uncomfortable one. "If my calculations are correct," began Severus Snape. "We should be at the village of Grindelwald in less than a day." "I agree," nodded Septimus, as he looked around the landscape again. He liked it, it reminded him of the Lake District, and the landscape around Uncle Kay's cottage. His mind drifted from the cottage to Hedgewards, to Grimmauld Place, and then to Dad, so ill, and Lily Potter. Had he been happy? Mum had told him about how he had visited her at Durmstrang and that convnced her to work harder there for Uncle Kay. And then there was Rufus and Darren, distantly related, even though it seems that they never realised. Was Julian back with them? He hoped so. And Dorielle who Rufus seemed to have adopted. Where was the ex. Mervin, who had gone with speed, around the quibball stadium according to Rufus's madcap, yet deeply extraordinary plan. He looked down at the his friend finder and then took from his pocket the small bag that his mother had given to him, all those months ago, pressing it into his hand as he left on the Hedgewards Express. And thought. The thought fixed in his mind on the grate in the Gryffindor common room. He opened his eyes, taking out a pinch. The green powder, malachite-coloured in appearance, glittered in the bright, early eveing sunshine. He sprinkled it into the air and, with a bit of effort, saw the back of the passage that led to the Fat/Thin (depending on the picture's mood) Lady's portrait. He was there, at Hedgewards. The non-wizard floo powder had got him there. Dinner time, so no-one about. Septimus closed his eyes again, and the image disappeared. No-one about just then. Better to try later. Then he might be able to talk to his friends. 88888888 To further Rufus Lestrange's investigations, Professor Neville Longbottom had sought, and had been given permission for the boy to work later in the night in order to gain precious night-time hours. This permission had been given despite Ministry over missing Sam Potter and Crystallia Brandt and the school had been scrutinised as a magical crime scene. Caelius Lupin had interrogated him about the report to Europe, but he had followed protocol, what did the Minister for Magic expect? Neville was not used to politics. Doing his job was what he was best at, and he hd been asked to supply a report. And, no indeed, there was no option to send his report into the ministry to have it scrutinised, as Caelius Lupin was implying he should have, that was simply not in the protocol. Sighing, he looked back to the array of pots before him. Really, life should be more like plants: grow, reproduce, die. None of this game-playing. He looked back to Rufus's experiment. The pines had indeed been disappointing, although Neville had pointed out that it could be that the wavelengths were much lower due to the size of the plants, and therefore this was making them harder to detect. He was certain that this very mechanism was indeed a communication system, albeit a very basic one. Rufus had listened and adapted the transmitter on his portable pensieve accordingly. At weekends they had permission for longer, as long as Professor Longbottom was with them so he was expecting them all within the hour. The sounds were indeed crystal clear and he made a note to himself to tell Mrs Lestrange that she had been spot on about radio waves travelling faster. So the boys would be there within the hour, Neville thought and, on schedule, Rufus, and then Darren both trod carefully on the gravel which lined the greenhouse floor, shortly followed by Julian, looking down at his friend finder with interest. "It transmits the radiofrequencies of the plants," said Rufus as Darren held up the portable pensieve. "The pines are of little interest, but the jasmines? Wow! I expect Professor Longbottom would like to write this up as a report. He could be famous!" Rufus Lestrange put down the pots near the greenhouse door, the night-flowering jasmines free to transmit their signals out into the night sky. "It's your discovery, Ruf, you should be famous," said Julian, letting go of his friend-finder, allowing it to fall round his neck and stepping towards the potting bench. "Why?" asked Rufus, inspecting the plants' leaves, "What good is that?" He held his mum's pensieve close to the leaves, watching a gauge on the PP move slowly towards the left. "Better results here than the stem. But my guess is the reproductive system within the flower." He flicked the dial to "transmit" and held it at arm's length. "Can you hold up the other one?" He held out an expensive-looking portable pensieve. In this moonlight it looked like silver, but with shiny pieces, like rock, their facets protruding, reflecting the light, catching whatever part of the plant it was and increasing the amplitude of the jasmines' signal. "I had it then!" exclaimed Rufus, miffed. "It really has worked! Come on, can you try again?" "What do you need me to do, Ruf?" asked Darren, who then, on his friend's instruction, crossed to the next greenhouse. Julian was about to ask Rufus what he expected to discover when a voice, quiet, but clear, could be heard around about them. Julian looked up at once to Rufus. The boys could hear Darren, in the next grenhouse, his words soft and clear, as if talking to the plants that he was moving into the positions that Rufus had asked, crooning a little, like they were green, fronded pets. Julian sniggered as their friend said, "just where your Daddy wants you, eh?" and, when Darren reappeared, Julian said, "where did Daddy want them to be?" "What?" asked Darren, pinking a little. "I was just talking to them. You know, it's supposed to make them grow better, isn't it?" "In fact, it's just your carbon dioxide, when you exhale," replied Rufus, looking at the flowers on the jasmines with interest. "You could be saying anything." "Come on, how did you make it so we could hear you?" asked Julian, nudging their friend. "I, er, dunno," said Darren. "I, er, had to squeeze past Professor Longbottom's Mimbelus Mimbeltonia shelves. I was pressed quite tightly. Maybe - " Darren looked down, hauling his friend-finder out of his robe. "We could hear you from over there," said Julian, looking at the friend-finder in awe. "Were you touching it?" "It was pressing my chest as I got up to them," said Darren, as Rufus climbed onto the low bench to get closer to his specimens." A thought occurred to Julian. "Go back, and try it again," he said, and within a few minutes Darren's voice was emanating around him and Rufus. "Testing, testing," Darren said, then reappeared in front of them. When Julian had established that the whole of the device needed to be pressed, Darren proceeded back to the second greenhouse again, and Julian took a turn at trying, his segment lighting up when he spoke. The discovery was enough to bring Rufus back down from the jasmines to both of his friends again, and he tried. Then, they tried to vary the distance that they stood at, Darren even going back up towards the castle. It made no difference. When they pressed on their friend-finders and spoke, they could easily be heard. "I wonder," said Rufus, thoughtfully, as they sat on the greenhouse chairs, wowed by their discovery. The gibbous moon peered out behind a cumulus cloud, reflecting its light from their faces. "Wonder what, Ruf?" "The floo network also relies on electromagnetic radiation, a slightly higher frequency than radio waves. It transmits sounds and pictures." He looked at Julian. "Can you bring that pot? The largest jasmine?" Julian did so, and put it into Rufus's lap. "Something mum said, and I wonder...whether we could harness its transmission...whether we could we speak to Septimus?" "There's the fireplace in the broom store," said Darren. "I don't reckon that will be being watched. Most of the Ministry aurors have gone now, I heard one of them say that they had enough to be getting on with. Surrounded by lesson brooms, brooms arranged by house, quidditch brooms and those interesting, and eccentric brooms belonging to the staff, Julian, Darren and Rufus, with his plant still in his arms, gathered around the old, small fireplace which, a long time ago, must have been the centre of communication for flying lessons. It looked now, cobwebby, and dusty, that it hadn't been used for a long time. "I haven't got any floo powder," said Darren, "do you think we will need some?" "Here," said Julian. "There's some here, in this little box." He inspected it carefully. "Looks like it's years old, it's all stuck together." Breaking some off the main lump, Darren then milled it over in his fingers. "OK, when you throw it in, Darren, we'll all press on Septimus's section. OK?" "One, two...three..." counted Darren, flicking his wrist so the green, crystalline powder hit the grate. It scattered over a wide section. At the same time they all pressed on the dark blue section. The green flames flashed. Darren stuck in his head and said, "Septimus Lupin!" clearly and loudly. At first, it didn't seem as if it was going to work. The fireplace dimmed as if the flame had died out. The boys looked at one another, Julian about to release his friend-finder and go back to the greenhouses. But then Rufus pointed sharply to the fireplace again. It was Septimus. "He's there...he's asleep..." said Darren, peering cautiously towards the grate. "Who's that with him?" "Professor Snape," said Julian. "They look like they're camping...in a barn, or somewhere." The fire dimmed, and the flames died away. "Hey, that was great!" said Julian, beaming. "We haven't seen him for months, and he's asleep!" "I wonder if this works in the daytime," said Darren, thoughtfully. "Maybe we could talk to him, now we know the friend-finders work." "I can ask Professor Longbottom if I can come down in the day this weekend," said Rufus, watching the flower of the jasmine open, on cue, as the correct time of night had been reached for it to release its pollen. He stood up, making for the second greenhouse. "It'll mean missing the Hedgemeade weekend." "Don't care," said Julian, quickly. "We might actually get to talk to Septimus. That'll be ace!" 88888888 Metatime. Outside of time. This is how Aberforth Dumbledore had described the phenomenon that Tabitha was now experiencing Beyond the veil. In the time that had passed in her old world it had been nearly ten months. It could have been ten seconds here, out of it all. The man who had been at the opposite end of her pereipheral vision was now moving. Towards her? Maybe. She had just been watching Lindvald Halen teaching a lesson about the dangers of merpeople to a fourth year class. She must keep doing what she was doing, collecting the clouds, the thoughts, watching, observing, changing, altering. It had to be done. He must be in the right place at the right time. Did she have them all? Aloysius. Yes. Peronelle, she had seen her die, and her daughter adopted, first Hedgewards student, adopted by its founder. But, of course, she could not last, eventually, without her watchstone. Here was the first unfortunate case that Salazar Slytherin had to deal with. He had to face the fact that not all magical people were strongest, not even his friend's daughter, Agnetta. She had lived, dependent on her stone, had died, just like her mother, but not before having Gloria, in that cold, desolate windswept country of Iceland. And then, Tabitha had found, not far from this painful memory, that which had caused the main problem. Raymond Lully, convinced that stopping with Slytherin was the best course of action to further wizard children, prepared even to become a founder of Hedgewards had been first visited by Aloysius Lupin. Even then, when Tabitha had tethered that memory, the man in the distance of the memory clouds seemed to be getting closer. That was the moment. They had called Nicholas Flamel out of retirement, tried to convince him that he needed to join them. But the man was too broken in grief to comply, nursing the red amethyst, native to Iceland, which would become the Philospher's stone. So was the first to break out of the Going, by using Slytherin's own time turner to travel back, as far back as he could, to give it to Peronelle and, when that hadnt worked, he had witnessed the creation of the veil, and Herpo's own Going. So, when Aloysius had visited this reinvigorated the two wizards, devastated as they had been by Flamel's abandoning of their cause. Aloysius had done the impossible. He had travelled back in time, yes, that was the easy part. But his genius had extended further than that. He had found a way, through time and space, to allow himself to travel forward again, effectively conquering the fourth dimension. Lully had been fascinated, and turned his mind to the practical advantages of sharing and collaborating magical knowledge and understanding. He listened in awe as Aloysius, born seven hundred years after him, had told him about scientists with the potential to change their understanding of magic: Lenardo Da Vinci, Copernicus, Francis Bacon, Galileo, Newton. Aloysius explained the need for scientists to be more organised as science progressed. He explained about Joseph Black, a wizard who had the potential to be the most influential, and who could be a great asset, or a great foe. Of the Lunar Society: Watt and Boulton, Wedgwood, Erasmus Darwin. It was no accident this was called the Enlightenment, and Black, by co-operating with Watt, was able to harness power for wizards and set up the Reciprocators. Tabitha witnessed the moment that Aloysius told Lully and Slytherin his idea of targeting the most talented scientists in history, that it would be the most efficient way of sharing information rather than flitting around randomly. But Slytherin would have nothing to do with time travel, instead, he had sworn to reciprocate knowledge in teaching. By the time they had gone, and Salazar had changed his mind, it was already too late. 88888888 Aaron Crudglington was ill. When Julian Scott had heard about it, he excused himself from that morning's work with Rufus and spent a few hours with him. No Hedgemeade for Aaron, thought Julian, as he thought about the day trip that nearly all of the students were going in. But his reason, like Rufus's and Darren's was far different. Jason was just leaving the hospital wing when he got there, distress on his features as he flicked Julian a quick smile. "He's worried about me," said Aaron, trying to sit up in bed, sighing and then slumping back. Julian offered him his arm to lean on, and the boy pulled forward, then threw up all down the side of the bed. A house elf promptly came over and clicked its fingers. Instantly the floor, the bedding, Julian's arm and Aaron's pyjamas were all clean. Julian nodded in sympathy as he remembered just how he had felt a month or so after beginning at Hedgewards, and told him. To ease the tension, and hopefully to make the boy smile, Julian asked whether his parents had chosen his name the lazy way. "I mean, did your parents think, "First name in the baby book, and like, yes, we're done!"?" Aaron had smiled, but then another round of coughing brought up some more vomit. This time Julian was quick enough to scoop up the bowl on the bedside table and put it under his chin. "But this time, when I came back after Christmas, I felt fine, I've never been sick like I was last year," he said, in what he hoped was an encouraging voice. "It should get better." He went on to tell him about the quidditch and quibball, and how Hufflepuff were leading the quidditch now but it was Gryffindor, the house in which Aaron had chosen to be in, now the sorting hat seemed to be permanently dormant, which was leading the quibball. "Jason's worried about school too," managed Aaron, breathlessly. "He can't believe it about Sam Potter and the spell on the other boy, Ariella's brother. We can always go home," Aaron continued. "It's not like we have any relatives who were wizards. Mum was keen for us to get a different education, you know?" "Mine too," nodded Julian. "I got a letter from Mum, she must have got a witch or wizard to send it by owl. She's joined the non-wizard reciprocators. They help people, they help wizards and non-wizards." "That's good," said Aaron, closing his eyes, then opening them again. "Jason said we may have to leave this school, because wizards are going to be Separated from non-wizards." Julian felt himself nodding. It had occurred to him. If someone had told him last September that he wouldn't be able to come to Hedgewards he may well have said yes. If he had known how much he enjoyed coming to the school, understanding the ways of wizards, their history, magic, potions, spells, how much he could learn to get a job where knowing about all of this was important to help people live better, if such a job existed, then he would have been a lot keener. As it was, Septimus had been coming, and it frankly sounded like an easier deal than going to a non-wizard secondary school. And he'd made friends with the reserved Darren Black and the very different Rufus Lestrange. Often, he wished he had never teased Rufus at the beginning of term. He was so very different, and he thought of things in such different ways. Aaron's eyes finally closed and Julian made his way quietly down the steps, across the second floor, to the steps which led to the entrance of the Great Hall. It was only just after ten and he would be able to still go and help Rufus and Darren. Rufus had been given permission by Professor Halen to fit four transmitters on the top of the towers of the castle in the hope of being able to amplify the signal from the jasmines, on the understanding that they must not damage the architecture and must be removed when they had finished. After a thorough search of the greenhouses Julian finally found them both in the second greenhouse, with the redundant pines. They had had no trouble with the transmitters and Mr. Filch had been pleased to help with putting them up. Darren, looking up from his "Quidditch Monthly" magazine, while Rufus used his PP to take readings from the plants, smiled warmly and asked how Aaron was. "Sicker than I was," Julian confessed. "I am sure he will be better soon." He looked at Rufus, who was taking some of the leaves from the pines. "What's Rufus doing?" "He says this is their last chance. He'll get them replanted outside if they aren't suitable for the experiments any more. The red amethyst - " " - Iron Aluminium Silicon Oxide - " broke in Julian. "Yeah, that," Darren nodded, "that's not even causing them to do anything. They aren't communicating any more. Rufus thinks it's something to do with their reproductive cycle. They've produced their seeds and nuts, so they don't need to any more." "Are we still going to, you know," Julian glanced towards the broom store, "see if we can...you know...with Septimus?" Darren gave him a small look of confusion, and then clocked on, pulling his friend finder out of his robe. All four segments were an orange-yellow colour – all four of them were awake. "I'd just like to send Dorielle around the transmitter points with some of the red rock - " " - Iron Aluminium Silicon Oxide - " " - tied to her foot. If we can boost the signal even more, and find a way of raising the frequency, we may be in a position to start to interpret what these plants are communicating to one another." "Can't you use the radio?" asked Julian, suddenly. "It receives radio signals. Why don;t you change the setting to long wave, and then, maybe a second to, I don't know, sort out the long wave into a shorter wave?" "Intriguing," said Rufus, as he jumped down from the greenhouse bench. "We could try. I've at least manage to determine that in the jasmines the vibrations are controlling the growth of the plant, too, especially when stone is vibrating. It's a good idea to take some readings in the day, when the jasmines are not active, as a sort of reference point." As usual it appeared that Rufus was not talking to the two boys, but to himself, or someone fae away. But then suddenly, he turned to Julian, handing him the piece of red rock ("Aluminium Chromium Silicon Oxide"). "Julian, do you think that there could be something in this stone that is affecting how time passes?" "Maybe," said Julian, uncertainly. It was a possibilty. But not one he had ever thought of before. "I have shown that what is happening with these plants, whether or not the stone is there, makes a difference to their lifespan. The ones in the second greenhouse are the ones I never exposed the stone to. They have produced seeds six times since I started this, and these ones," he looked back at the jasmines in an almost admiring way, "have produced seeds eight times." "So they are experiencing time differently to us?" asked Darren. "Maybe. You know how a fly can move faster than you can swat it? That is the stone's influence, making it more pronounced. But the stone itself is doing something too. These plants, these rosemary herbs, they have been in close proximity to the stone, and they are already flowering. Rosemary plants should not flower until at least June at this latitude, but it's only April. "What about these plants?" asked Julian, looking at a cluster of plant pots with some very withered speciments inside. "One type are dead, nearly." "They've been affected by the magical plants, it's really sad. Professor Longbottom had been working on them. He said last night that it was like wizards and non-wizards – the plants are not suited to be in close proximity to one another, otherwise the non-magical plants wither and die. This can happen to non-wizards too." Darren saw the look on Julian's face as Rufus pressed on. "But, some do recover and pass on their magical ability. Look here, this was once a dead plant, like those," he showed Darren and Julian a plant pot with a plant in it, vibrant and green, its stem glistening and its branchlets firm and strong. "It was once like those. But, by being near the magical plants, somehow it got the ability to grow shepherds purse with the tiny money like the magical variety do. It was a little further away than the others. It was as if being too close kills them outright. But a little bit of magic, and the non-magical plants gain some magic. Environmental magic, Professor Longbottom called it. Anyway, we need to go to the owlery and collect Dorielle," he added, walking towards the door. "I can't see it taking long. Then we can do to see if we can talk to Septimus." An hour later and the three boys were making their way back to the greenhouses and on to the broom store. Rufus had proclaimed Dorielle's flight around the transmitter points a success, and had taken readings from his portable pensieve. They would just have to do it at night now, to see whether the jasmines' vibrations would indeed be amplified. Julian and Darren, happy to assist their friend, talked about Septimus, and where he actually was. From the floo last time there had been no features to give them a clue. As they got to the fireplace, the little nagging sensation that Julian was experiencing had become insistent and he bent towards Darren. "You know how Rufus said that non-magical plants could become magical?" Darren moved his head towards his friend and nodded. "Or be killed," he added. Darren looked at him quickly. "Do you think he meant that people could develop magic too? Non-wizards?" He reached towards the pocket of his robe. "Borrow this, if you like," he added. But Julian shook his head. "Some people are ill…Gary Strang...Aaron too. They were both new at the start of this term. And I heard Jason tell Sam, before he went, that is, that Aaron had been messing around with John Ball's wand, he had given it to him for a laugh, and had been able to do a levitation spell." "Wow, that would be something," said Darren, reaching down the floo powder box, checking there was some still inside, and then closing the lid, banging it hard to try to separate the crystals into smaller chunks. "How many people know about this?" "Not many," said Rufus, looking at the grate. "Professor Longbottom told me he had to do a report to the Ministry about it. Yes, phantom symptoms, they're called, a weak version of magic, to lull the non-magical thing into believing it is doing well, but then actually, it ended up dying." "How terrible!" said Darren, looking once again to Julian. "But my theory is that, historically, people figured this out, and magical people and non-wizards separated themselves out and grew separately. Apparently he warned Professor Snape, and Professor Aberforth Dumbledore, this was just after his brother's treachery, of course." "Treachery? The Professor before Professor Snape's brother?" "I know who you mean," said Darren Black, suddenly. "Albus Dumbledore. The Ministry tried to arrest him for experimenting on students, didn't they?" "That's terrible!" said Julian, shaking his head. He looked into the grate again, and then pulled out his friend-finder. Today, let it be today that they spoke to their friend. Let them talk to Septimus. 88888888 Sam had not been found. It had been over week since the Hearing, and already there had been protests, large-scale, Europe-wide opposition to the division of magical and non-magical people. Reports in the newspapers were accusing Draco of pursuing a segregation policy, suggesting he was taking a hard line in order to win votes in the October elections. Radio programmes had denounced the ruling as inhumane. Questions had been asked in the non-wizard parliament in Britain, with concerns from MPs asking what recourse the public had. "I remember a time we could just be together," said Patrick McCormack, an old MP representing a constituency in the Midlands, "and now, it's like gang warfare. People are wearing pointy hats just because their great grandfathers once moved a horse along a road with the power of their minds, so they have "magic in their blood"! Wear anything occultish, with sigils, even a sign of the moon and be prepared to be accused of appropriating wizard culture! The Premier Inn chain is terrified!" There had been laughter at this. "As if style has division lines like that! Heavens, shall I wear these black trousers today, lest I be accused of trying to get my children into that wizard school?" Petunia Black turned off the radio and looked at her nephew. It was rare that Harry called these days. But then, these days did not feel like normal days. These days felt different, strange, alien. "So you are saying then that the crime scene was tampered with?" Harry nodded, scalding hot tea in his mouth as his aunt smiled at him warmly. "Well, well. Caelius with egg on his face." "Because of last time, at the Ministry hearing, with the untruthful memory that the prosecution had put so much store in. Sam again," Harry added. "I do wonder whether my sister put too much pressure on him," Petunia mused, cutting a slice of fruit cake and offering it to Harry, who nodded. "Iceland is not a part of the European Wizarding Union, it is beyond their jurisdiction. If Sam chooses to come back, that's when he will face up to whatever he has done." "Dad is devastated, do you know how mum is?" "Devastated too, I shouldn't wonder. I have not spoken to your mother since Christmas. I assume that she was happy waiting as she had been, for her lover? Before Sam's disappearance, that is?" "She seemed to be," said Harry, stiffly, glancing at his aunt's copy of "The Daily Prophet" that was running a headline telling of the end of Quibball, which would, presumbaly, be disbanded after the Separation alongside a much belated article extolling the virtues of tolerance and understanding. "The tide is turning," commented Petunia who, despite shunning her own wizarding abilities, liked to keep abreast of wizarding events. "Even Durmstrang have issued a statement agreeing on commonality between wizards and non-wizards." "It's like you've always said, Aunt Petunia, ever since Severus Snape's groundbreaking work on the Universal Link, are we so different?" Petunia smiled at Harry. "Indeed. The Reciprocators will be outlawed next, unless it's the Non-Wizard-Reciprocarors. The Ministry will come to regret that in time, when there have been deaths." Harry looked at her sharply. "It's like it was the last time, except that it has been put through legislation. Oh, it has to be agreed in every Member State's government, and few countries will want to be seen as troublemakers." Harry's mind drifted to Caelius again, but he said nothing. Just then, the door clicked on the latch. It was Freya, coming in from a night shift. "She has been with us since Christmas," explained Petunia, as the young girl, once girlfriend of Dudley Black and, after liaisons with Ron and Sirius, seemed to be about to become his cousin's girlfriend again. "Hello, Harry," she nodded, and shifted about between her feet, a little uncomfortably. "I am sorry about your mum." She flopped down next to him, accepting ravenously the cake and tea from Aunt Petunia. "She and Dudley have reacquainted themselves," his aunt confirmed. "In fact, more so," she added, watching Freya sparkle as she recounted it "He proposed to her, and Freya has accepted. She has been living with us since January, in the spare room." "Congratulations," said Harry, taking another bite of cake. "You'll come to our wedding, on 1st May?" he added. Freya beamed a smile, and nodded. "Only if you're sure," she said, and Harry nodded, not dwelling on the fact that there yet may not be a wedding if the Separation was to happen as planned. "I feel so terrible about what I did," she added, when the conversation turned to the Reciprocators. "It was the last time I saw Cecilia. I mean, she and Remus did take me in." Then, she added, "I always knew there was something...not quite right between them." "You shouldn't feel terrible," said Petunia, offering her more cake. "You were fifteen; thy were grown witches." "Who set me up to do that to mum – Cecilia, I mean! I was so awful to her." "Freya has been invaluable with the NWRs," said Petunia. "Your father may think attacks have lightened, but within the non-wizards it has not. We are a valuable service, and we are proud to assist." Freya nodded in agreement. "There is something I wish to talk to you about, Aunt," said Harry, glancing over to Freya, uncertainly. "I was going to bed anyway," said Freya, taking another slice of cake with her. "I'm starving! Those night shifts are killing me. And so, once Freya had made her way upstairs, Harry confided in his aunt about the veil, and the memories behind veil, which could be retrieved. And the missing time turner. "I have to admit, it was not a well kept secret that Aberforth was experimenting with time. Tabitha Penwright went on a mission for him, as you know. She had proposed, theoretically, that it was possible and he had finally sanctioned it. But that resulted in Cecilia's coming. It really angered Lily and Henrietta that she was being treated as an equal, because in their eyes, she had done nothing. Only aurors, or those who had esteemed themselves in feats of magic were accepted in those days." She poured Harry more tea. "I wanted nothing to do with an organsation that was so exclusive – how could they purport to be for everyone when they had no understanding of lots of people, people so unlike themselves?" "And when you were at school? The Young Dumbledores? Dumbledore's Army?" "The European Wizarding Council, when the European Wizarding Community was first set up, conceived the idea of an elite group of students within every magical school. But, under Albus Dumbledore, "Dumbledore's Army" was a cover up, which allowed him to perform dark magic with no restriction or care of safety. At the time, nothing was done about it, all of their activities evaded investigation. It was only after Albus Dumbledore defected to Gellert Grindelwald and his "Greater Good" wizards at Durmstrang that the truth came out. Power, that was what they were about. I left the school, I could not stand it any more. Aberforth was determined that it wouldn't happen again." Harry was staring at her, his eyes wide in astonishment. To his knowledge his aunt had never attended Hedgewards. But, clearly, she had?" "It was abhorrent," Petunia went on, coolly. "I could have gone into the ministry; I could have done anything. But, as a student, would I have been believed? I was so disgusted at the way it was handled I chose not to have anything more to do with wizards. And then Regulus..." Her mouth softened as she spoke about her husband. "He believed as I did. We settled apart from Lily, and from Sirius. We carved a future for ourselves, for Dudley and Darren." She leaned forwards as Harry was about to ask something. "Harry, be careful. I have long suspected, with good reason, that Aberforth did something very wrong in order to overcome the things his brother did, and we are now seeing the consequences of that wrong. "The veil, you mean?" "The experiment with Tabitha Penwright. Right now, when she is needed to complete whatever it was she did, now she is needed, there still seems to be no sign of her returning to finish the job. Much as he hates to admit it, Caelius Lupin has failed there." She smiled at her nephew. "You want to know about the missing time turner, of course?" Harry nodded mutely. He had only dropped in to see his aunt and catch up with her. But, Petunia Black was an Empath. She knew how to soothe your fears, allay one's doubts. And, of course, she had now just told him something of great interest. He nodded. "Tabitha Penwight," she said simply, handing Harry the "Prophet to her nephew. "I'm doing a lunch for Dudley and Regulus, they'll be back in half an hour. "You'll stay, won't you?" 88888888 The village of Grindelwald, at the foot of the Black Forest, not named for gloominess, but for the colour of the wood of the trees that grew there, was like a walking advertisement for its timber. Wooden houses lined four-square around a central monument of a long-ago king on horseback, shops selling wooden items, cuckoo clocks, walking sticks, book shelves, baskets, guidebooks of the surrounding areas for walkers huddled together. The streets had a trickle of locals milling and talking to one another. Day trippers thronged though the streets. Septimus and Severus were sitting on a bench in a small park area to one side of the square. Septimus was eating an apple which had been left over from tea the night before. Snape had told him he would visit a delicatessen, which seemed to be selling cold meat, cheese, bread and was asking Septimus if there was anything he didn't want to eat. He shook his head. Snape strode off and Septimus leaned back in the bench, staring up at the beginning of the Alps, which towered in the far distance. Up there, he knew, up there, with his mother, were the wizards, one who had taken his name from this village, the other one the headteacher of his school. So entranced by the wild beauty of the landscape Septimus did not at once see notice a green flame flicker next to a wall, part of a water feature in the park, and it took some voices, hasty and sharp, to get his attention. He suddenly crouched down when he realised who it was who had been calling him. "We tried to contact you," said Darren, in a voice, slow and staccato'd, as if he was trying to make sure he was talking clearly. "Me too," said Septimus, "I got the Gryffindor common room grate." "Wow!" said Darren, his voice still steady and puntuated. "We're in the Broom Store, we're using the fireplace in there. Is your friend-finder glowing orange-yellow?" Septimus glanced around to check if anyone was watching them, and then pulled put his own. "Yes," he confirmed. "That's a very good stunt." "Rufus," said Darren, simply. "Where are you? How have you been?" And so Septimus told them about his journey to Beauxbatons, and his agreement with Constantin, using his mother's work in exchange for helping his father get well. "And he agreed?" said Julian. "I struck a bargain, and, yeah." "Well," said Julian, "I think it has worked, I overheard Professor Halen saying the cure that Constantin had would work, now it had been verified. He was talking to Madam Pomfrey when I was visiting Aaron just now." "What does that mean?" "It sounds like it means that your dad's potion has been checked that it is all right." Julian smiled, his green image flickering around the wall in the park in the village. Septimus felt a fuzzy feeling around his shoulders, as if he were wrapping himself up in the warmest winter scarf. That was worth talking to his friends about." "So, you are on the way home now?" asked Darren, taking the place of Julian. "Well, no," replied Septimus, abashed. "I was...but then...now..." what was he to say? He knew, from hundreds of miles away where his mother was being held? "I'm on way to...well, to where I think mum is." "And Professor Snape is with you?" Darren replied. Septimus nodded, and said, "Yeah. Yeah he is." He watched the fire crackle, as if the connection was about to be lost, and then, had a thought. "Wait a minute," he instructed, reaching into his pocket. The tiny twist of paper containing the valuable non-wizard floo powder opened up in his hand." Another crackle, and Septimus flicked a little portion into the flame. Suddenly all of them, all three, came into focus." "Professor Halen?" asked Septimus, suddenly. "Lindvald Halen?" "Yes," said Julian. "He took over when Professor Snape went with you." "No good?" "No, good," corrected Julian, "excellent...you'd like him, Sep." "And Rufus?" "His plant experiments are...interesting." Julian moved aside so Septimus could see their friend. "Hi, Rufus." "So," said Rufus Lestrange, not looking at him, but at the brooms around him, "you are in the middle of Europe with Professor Snape? Did you find your mum?" "Not yet, Rufus." "Mine keeps coming to school to train quibball. And the plants are doing well, they can be arranged so they send out radiowaves for communication. If in a circle, their waves overlap, and add up, making the radiowaves have a bigger circumference, with the red amethyst stone of course - " " - Iron Aluminium Silicon Oxide - " chipped in Julian. " - could be used to protect more vulnerable plants in the middle, young ones, maybe this is why they grow naturally in rings or arcs. Dorielle is helping," he added. Septimus thought of his little bird, once called Mervyn but renamed after her box label and Rufus's knowledge of owls. Rufus had taken her home at Christmas and he told her she had been getting on well with his dad's owls, and the radio that Julian had got him had helped him with directing the radiowaves in the first place. "Thank you Sep," he added. "For what?" "Being the Owl for us." Rufus moved out of the picture as Julian pushed forward. "There's been a law passed, to separate wizards from non-wizards," he said. Professor Halen says he believes that wizards are going to live secretly." "How?" "I dunno. There are much more non-wizards. And they can get their memory modified." "What, all of them?" Septimus said, astonished. "That'll be one big trick to make sure no-one has ever heard of wizards. I know that I'm going to meet mum and I'll need help," he added. "Yeh sure," said Julian. "When we've sorted out here we'll be right over." Septimus smiled. Nothing had dimmed his best friend's sarcasm, not even this separation, which was clearly bothering him. "I think I know a way," Septimus pressed. "What do you know about a floo nudge?" "To transport physical objects?" Darren interjected. "Yeah. Well, I've...got the idea that I need some physical objects...and as you said, once you've finished there, you'd be right over." "Darren, what's a floo nudge?" "You can pass objects through time and space from one person on the floo to another." "Rufus, you said your plants could be used to send radiowaves out to protect something in the middle." In his mind's eye Septimus pictured the castle of Beauxbatons with its terrible wailing. "What if you wanted to protect something larger, could you amplify the signal?" "My pensieve," said Rufus. "I've set up some transmitters." "Hedgewards..." Septmus began, but then popped out of the fire for a moment. "Gotta go, someone's coming." The wall dimmed. The fireplace dimmed. Septimus felt happier 88888888 Harry had stopped for lunch before walking back from Surrey to the tube line which, after three changes, got him back to their house in North London. He didn't know why he hadn't floo'd, or apparated. Ever since the Hearing, Harry felt a longing for non-wizard things, things that in three weeks' time he wouldn't be able to use. He sat alone for a time, listening to the clock, ticking, as he waited for Hermione to return. She did not stop at the apartment in Strasbourg these days, instead floo'd straight back, or to her mum's. As far as her family was concerned, the wedding was going ahead, as planned. That was good, Harry thought. As to what concerned his family, he didn't have a clue. He did not know even whether his father had spoken to his mother; there would be no Sam. Hermione arrived much later than he had expected. He had the television on, watching the highlights of the quidditch and quibball from the weekend. Even that had been carrying on as usual, quibball, whereas, in three weeks, technically, quibball would be extinct. She flopped down next to him, holding her head in her hands. "Just tired," she said, when Harry asked if there was anything wrong. "Just, too much to do." She leaned back, closing her eyes for a moment. "All leave has been cancelled; we are working so hard with our respective governments; checking which spells are weakening – everything had to be done by the 30th... everything!" She sighed again. "Plus," she looked across to Harry, "Draco appointed the Internship to Fraser Blewitt, to begin when he has finished his NEWTS. Oh gosh! I'm sorry," she added, looking down at her briefcase. "What?" "I have to sort out timetable for befuddlements before tomorrow." She leaned back on the sofa again. Harry sat, thoughtfully, considering the importance of what Hermione had just said, about the Internship. Sam had been trying out for that. Or rather, Mum had been pushing him to apply. "Did you notice, when the verdict came, it was like Caelius expected it?" Harry said suddenly. Hermione turned to look at him. "I reckon he had a lot of theories and ideas, he wouldn't be Caelius if he didn't." They sat there in silence for some time. Eventually, he said, "I have been worried about something lately...divorced parents. Like it's better when your'e older." He looked over to her. "If you get married it should be forever." Hermione fell silent. He took her hand. "I know. I agree," she replied, looking at Harry, uncertainly. "I have always felt like that," Harry reiterated. "I wouldn't have asked you if I was unsure. But Mum was -" Harry got up to his feet, "Mum always loved Remus Lupin. Dad was on the rebound. She told me a few months ago, like that makes it alright. But...it could be worse, life could be like in those books Mrs Lupin wrote." "But that was just a story," replied Hermione, holding out her hand for Harry to sit down again. "Was it? She came from Beyond, Hermione. She came from somewhere else. It could he true..." Harry began to pace, clearly an empty afternoon and his mind had been thinking. "There could be an evil wizard who killed his parents...my parents...when he...I...was a baby, and he got scarred by a rebounding curse. She came from somewhere, didn't she?" "Why do you think its true?" Hermione asked, and sat, shocked when Harry showed her. "It's Cecilia's book, her research book - its still being written, clearly the spell is not terminated." "Why didn't you give it to Snape?" "I dont know," Harry conceded. "I forgot, I found it under the hall stairs last week and laft it there. But, coming here..." he gave it to her, "it was on my mind..." "It's just thoughts, dreams," said Hermione, flicking through it. "It doesn't mean it's true." "Look here," said Harry, "it mentions lots of things, like a potion for me, for the other Harry, and concern for my welfare, about pitying me for being an orphan, about my aunt, who had been so cruel to me...Aunt Petunia has never so much raised her voice to me. But, clearly somewhere, that was not the case. And a dangerous wizard called Voldemort." "Well?" "That boy, who is me, really exists somewhere, this is pensieve parchment her thoughts are written on, pensieve parchment can never lie. What if she meant to come here, to do something to help the Harry there?" Hermione stared at him, open mouthed for a moment. Then, closing it, she said, "What do you suggest we do?" "Follow Septimus," said Harry, determinedly. "Follow Septimus?!"exclaimed Hermione, snorting. "Yes. There's nothing more I can do for Caelius; I promised Dad - when I last saw him, he was livid. But he was right to consider destroying the veil." "He is looking for her, then said Hermione, handing the book back to Harry. "Anyway, I can't leave work at the moment, I've - " "Look," interrupted Harry. "I found out something. The wizard founder of Hedgewards, Salazar Slytherin, whose descendeant is Tom Riddle...at Christmas, his grave was descecrated by conjurists at Christmas. He disappeared shortly after Hedgewards was built. I'll bet anything that his time turner is the missing from Dad's department. And Lully, and Flamel were working for him, then they all disappeared from the record books. Slytherin is related to Herpo the Foul, who also disappeared. Plus, mum was working on a list of Dumbledore's Army – it's scary who was with them. Then, there's what Aberforth said – there are times when the veil is the thinnest, and all sorts of things can come through, or go through, and their passings are not blocked. What do you think that it means?" Hermione said nothing for a moment, and then smiled. "I don't know, Harry, but I do think all you've said important." She strode over to the wall, where Septimus's progress was still being tracked. She tapped at the corner. They watched as a silvery line traced from London, to the west coast of France, and then across to the east and over into Germany. "Ha!" said Harry, as he noticed the name by which the silvery line had stopped. "Look where he is!" "Well, I for one do not believe that it was an accident that Septimus was let to go wandering around Europe...there is a reason he has gone with Snape." Harry bent towards the map again. "Look here," he pointed to the silver line. The name "Strasbourg" was just about legible under the trail." "They must have passed at the hearing...keep this on...we need to see where he's headed. I just wish we had one for Sam," he added, sadly. "Well, it's a good job, he would be in a great deal of trouble at the moment," said Hermione, walking into the kitchen, switching on the kettle. "I just wish..." "What?" "To follow him," said Harry, still looking at the map. "But you don't know where Sam is!" "Sam, no," said Harry. "Septimus. I feel, if we were following him, like we did at Christmas, we'd get to the bottom of this." Hermione came back out of the kitchen. "Why can't we?" she asked, eyes shining. "Because you have a job, and I have a job," Harry reasoned. "Do you not think, under the circumstances, three weeks to go to the end of our way of life, that we should do something?" It took Harry about two minutes to agree. And so, Hermione pointed her wand towards the map, at the very end of the silvery trail. They both disapparated. 88888888 A school, deep in the Scottish highlands. A wizard stands there, surveying it all. He will make a school and this is the best place he has seen so far. Wizards will be strong and mighty, they will be isolated from non-wizards, will learn the best magic that they can, from the best wizards that he will provide as teaching staff. And they will make their way in the world, reciprocating their knowledge and understanding with the brightest and the best non-wizards they meet. Even now, Godric Gryffindor was making his way from Ireland, from the soft, undulating mountains of Sligo, to develop the bravest students. The brightest and most intelligent Rowena Ravenclaw was to develop, to show how intellect can be used in the best way possible. Helga Hufflepuff would take on the rest, those who can work with anyone at anytime and still be cheerful; those who know the best words to say in the worst possible circumstances, even if it won't change anything. And he would have done what he promised Raymond Lully and Aloysius Lupin: to bring forth wizards and witches from hearth and home, to be better than they ever believed possible. They would reciprocate knowledge and understanding between one another, and learn to work together, even when it would seem impossible. In the cage, that which was liberated by Raymond and Aloysius, the ice phoenix chirruped. Slytherin knew he was wrong. He needed to find them and join them. Like his ancestor, he must find the Veil that Herpo had created and pass through it. So near the end, all the memories, together, thought Tabitha. A little like fishing.
A/N: I mistook my mountains and thought that the village of Grindelwald was in Germany. It's not (as any Internet search will tell you), it's in Switzerland. I'll finish the rest of AOTW and then go back and change my minor mistakes, like this one. 88888888 In Caelius's office the headteacher of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry had taken a seat, as invited. He had listened to Caelius's detailed, intricate plan and he had an answer ready, an answer which would determine the fate of the school itself. Caelius's plan was simple, and could yet prove to be very effective. "We know it's directly in the face of Europe," Caelius concluded, beginning to pace behind his desk. Lindvald Halen watched him with interest. "Yes." The minister looked up. He was getting better, thought Lindvald Halen, not so drawn, not so pale. He had risked everything for his brother. He understood that. "I must thank you for your help with Constantin's potion," the Minister for Magic continued, changing the subject. Lindvald smiled. "Well, thank you. Though I did very little," Lind replied, modestly. "Oh, come now. You verified it. Without that, Remus would have had no chance." "It was Snape who did most of the work, and Septimus: he engaged Constantin. And Cecilia." Caelius scoffed. "You should not underestimate your sister-in-law." Lind leaned back in the chair as he watched Caelius's condflicted look. "She has shown her loyalty to your brother time and time again where other people would have walked away." Caelius gave Lindvald a withering look. "She is a necessary cog," he snapped. "I cannot do anything with her except hold her at arm's length." "Just as Oppenheimer did with his fissile uranium," laughed Lindvald, remembering. "So, we are agreed?" "I will meet with the Ministry; I suggest you have a meeting with your staff," Caelius concluded. "I have had a report from St. Mungo's. Healer Grace – this is - " " - amazing, I know." He looked down at the letter that Caelius had showed him earlier. "The cellular ruptures are not occurring as fast as before, but it they are still happening," said Caelius, a little dismissively. "Snape's potion stabilising it has helped immensely, probably saved his life. Nerve damage. That's what has happened. As Constantin said, it is hard to kill the vector and preserve the host." "His methods are usually more...physical," agreed Lindvald, as he thought of the vampire hunter. "I should thank you," said Caelius suddently, his prematurely lined face staring back at the young wizard. "Without you..." "Without me, you would not have attempted to be so risky," chided the Lindvald Halen. "I understand fully why you did it, Caelius." Indeed. Of anyone in this world, Caelius knew, Lindvald Halen knew exactly why he had done everything thus far. "I will meet with the staff later on this afternoon," Lind continued, "and explain the position. "And you - " " - I?" Caelius pulled out his pocket watch from his robe, light reflecting from its golden case, glinting in Lindvald's eye. "I will be late," he added, confirming the time with the cuckoo which had just eased lazily out of its clock. Without a backwards glance to his headmaster, Caelius Lupin hurried out of his office. 88888888 It was hard to explain just how many changes had happened in the last four weeks. From an easygoing population generally unhappy with the state of things and doing nothing in particular to do anything about the state of things, the ruling from Strasbourg had brought a jolt to Britain's people, both wizard and non-wizard alike. In a very short space of time they were going to have to get used to life bieng very different, to behaving in a different way, having impositions on their life, none of which was their choosing. Of course, very little in anyone's life really is of their choosing, it was just now the citizens had a person to blame for all of this: Draco Malfoy. It began with half-hearted demonstrations in the captial. London, used to protests, handled it well, pickets in Parliament Square and around Regent Street. But, when it was seen that this was not going to go away, more protests more fervent, wording on placards and banners more hysterical and extreme. "We will not be split from wizards!" placards read. "Segregation is apartheid!" "No consent to memory theft!" "Malfoy is a crook!" (although that last one had been seen on the Strasbourg protest too.) This, of course, was countered by wizards with conjurist outlooks, those who had bought Mendel Felixssohn's "Art of the Wize" proclaiming that they were looking forward to being free to do as they liked again. That they had always been free to do what they liked, within the constraints of law was conveniently overlooked. So, the only winners here, as had been the plan all along, were the two terrible wizards in the Black Forest, whose conniving and subterfuge had resulted in the wizard-non-wizard split ruling. Caelius Lupin, contrary to his belief he was late, threw open the door of the cabinet office to see no-one there. He looked at the clock on the wall. Two hours' early. What had he done to be so early? He waited, sliding lethargially into his chair, folding his arms and closing his eyes. He had been awake for nearly thirty six hours and there had not even been the slightest respite of anything resebling good news. He had none to give here, at the meeting; his ministers' workloads were increasing daily and some, such as the Mullens, had taken to sleeping in their offices to deal with the complaints and enquiries with which the ministry had been flooded. He inhaled. The closure of the Combined government had been a sore point; that had been something he had worked on personally under Aberforth, to bring stability after Albus. Four prime ministers had participated in this, and it had resulted in the Equality Act being explanded to include the idea of magical ability being a factor that could not be discriminated against and the sharing of intelligence. As of twelve hours ago, none of that existed any more. But, he had to be seen to be doing something: he had to toe the line. If he seemed to be following the ruling, which was swiftly made law by the twenty-seven MEWPs, then that should buy them time. And then there was Remus. He had been treated with the refined potion based on Cecilia's research, the potion-medicine taking a month to work to its best efficacy. It had not killed him – Caelius – and, as of the previous night, when Remus had been given his last. If this did not cure him, nothing, realistically, would. It was Bertie Wergs, of the Hovel Office who shook Caelius Lupin's shoulder. Blearily, he opened his eyes, and realised that he was facing a room-ful of his colleagues, his ministers, his friends. Caelius blinked again, trying to get his mouth to work into words. "I...I...you..." "Don't worry," whispered Bertie, "you are amongst friends." Wiping the dribble from the side of his mouth, Caelius got to his feet, nodded at his cabinet, then begged apology to leave for a moment, visiting the bathroom, and becoming their Minister for Magic again. "I thank you for your patience," Caelius began, as he looked around the seated wizards, silent, waiting for his speech. "I have, as you are aware, been with Prime Minister Brown this morning, dismantling the Combined Government. It is in the interests of our country, if we are to remain within the European Wizarding Union that we comply with the law, no matter how disagreeable and inconvenient it is to us." At that, one or two ministers, including Evelyn Foreteskew, who had been on the panel with Caelius at the birth of the Combined Government, snorted derisively. Dulcie Dainty commented, "all well and good in peacetime, but Albus Dumbledore and the - Other – One – are damn near beginning a war!" "And, just what are you going to do about this?" asked Herbert Hervert, once Hovel Office Minister, and now head of Magical Law Enforcement. "Disband the Reciprocators," Caelius said, as evenly as he could. "Do what is asked for, "That's outrageous!" shouted Benjamin Braddle, aghast. "After all these years of peacefully supporting the law?" "We have no law now, only the law of Europe, which governs what is best for our country." He knew it was provocative. Many long days, nights, weeks, months he had campaigned tirelessly for integration, for the coming together of wizards and non-wizards to promote equality, harmony, understanding. And most of all to prevent a repeat of "Dumbledore's Army". Now, from the shouts of protest, voices overlapping one another furiously, he could see how it appeared to them, that he had caved in and had thrown out his beliefs. Finally, one voice rang over the others, and the rest of the ministers lapsed into silence. "Caelius, they refuse to be disbanded," Dave Mullen replied, plaintively, sitting forward in his chair and addressing him with passion. "There is also the NWRs to consider, who have done so much in allaying the intensity of conflict and incogruity between our two populations." "And there have been a lot of arrests," he continued. "Bertie's office has has some in for questioning over illegal reciprocating! If this is some plan of yours, Caelius, to pull something off, can you please share it wiith us now?" Caelius waited until his had his cabinet's full attention, then stood. "It is in this country's best interests to comply with the law that has been made. Too many wizards and non-wizards have been in conflict with each other, a conflict which could easily slide into war. Non-wizards in particular are vulnerable, by their very nature, and it is in the interests of everyone that a war, with wands and curses, with spells and guns and bombs is averted. By their very nature, non-wizards are at a natural disadvantage and so therefore are vulnerable. We must protect the vulnerable. They need to, temporarily, be shielded from wizards. We will live in secret, in communities around the country. When it is safe, the memories can be restored and we can live together once more." After a second of this settling in his silent, mystified cabinet, words erupted from them like a volatile volcano. "Hedgewards too?" "Temporary?" "What about mixed families?" But, before Caelius could answer, the other Mullen twin got to his feet. "Am I the only one here who is outraged by what is happening? Wizards and non-wizards, Caelius? We are the same! We have lived together, shoulder to shoulder, in this country for centuries! Let Europe carry this out, if it wants, I say we reinstate the Combined Government and carry on as we are! To the devil those who want to interfere!" It was a credit to him, Caelius thought. Mick Mullen, empassioned, blunt, and humane, speaking his true feelings to them all. It would be followed by the inevitable resignation. "Et tu, Brute?" thought Caelius of his brother, as Mick left, along with Bertie, Evelyn and Bathsheba, spoke their resignations aloud, putting their wands outstretched into the centre of the circular table, a rush of white light racng back up the wand shaft. They had given up the secrets that came with a Ministerial role and, as one, they all strode out of the cabinet office. But, surprisingly, Dave remained in his chair, raising his legs in his customary fashion and began to lounge in his chair. He is astute enough to know that I may be being disingenuous. Offers from Lucius Malfoy and Peter Pettigrew to share the Ministry of Magic role if Caelius felt he was no longer up for the job were turned down, despite Malfoy's empassioned speech about how valuable and precious non-wizard life was, and expressing a deep considersation for Caelius's health. Were he to resign, they were in a position to take care of the role until such a time Caleus recovered his strength. "I thank you," Caelius replied. "I am not yet in such a position that I need to resign, What I do desperately need are good wizards, powerful ones, trustworthy, excellent leaders," he said to them both. "I cannot do what you can do – you can inspire courage and unity in those wizards who will carry out this wretched business of befuddlement,, something I fail at so many times, in that they may learn fast and be of benefit to us all. " Caelius sighed, looking between them, before adding, "all this blood prejudice, this conjurism is recent nonsense in any case. As you say, non-wizards are precious, Lucius." "What do you propose to do?" Malfoy asked. "It is clear you have a strategy. "There is nothing getting past you, Lucius," replied Caelius, who then sat down to address his greatly reduced cabinet and then spoke. "My plan is this: do nothing, say nothing. Wait for Draco to act," he replied, aware that patience would not have been a word to describe the ministerial departments lately. "That verdict came in very quickly. almost as if he knew what he wanted to say before the Hearing. Almost as if Galleons had changed hands." "You would accuse my son?" spluttered Lucius Malfoy, who had, moments ago, been extolling the virtues of integration. "Not necessarily Draco," Caelius replied, soothingly. "There are 27 MEWPs who passed this through, and Hennig is not the sort of wizard to let justice get in the way of an agenda. I suspect that Draco had very little say in the outcome. So," he said, to his last remaining six cabinet ministers,"I propose a vote on the continuation of opennes until the very last moment, that outward policy is that we are handling the law of Europe our own way." He glanced at the raised hand. "Yes, Rod?" Rodolphus Lestrange lowered his hand, and sat up, smartly, glancing at his wife, who had been unusually quiet for the sports minister. "Will this not make attacks worse on non-wizards?" "It should give conjurists no excuse," said Caelius. "It is the end of the way Salazar Slytherin conceived of Hedgewards, though," he added. "It will be the end of quibball!" wailed Bellatrix, suddenly, hands to her face. "Oh! Oh! But, it's getting so popular! There are leagues, clubs, wizards and non-wizards coming together in healthy competition, exercising in fresh air!" There was not a person in that room that did not have the utmost sympathy for Bellatrix Lestrange. Quibball had indeed been a huge success. "Does quibball really have to go, Caelius? Cannot Draco make an exception?" She turned quickly to her husband, and added, "I could talk to Narcissa..." "Bellatrix," replied Caelius, calmly. "It's not about following or not following what the hearing laid down, it's to do with how it suits our wizarding community. And what suits our wizarding community is to let Europe think we are complying but to do it our way. It's what we have always done, how wizards and non-wizards have always been, working together, co-operating, non magical people gave birth to wizards and we accepted them." Dave twitched in his chair as he watched Caelius, who knew that if only his brother had heard the plan, and not resigned, that he would be in agreement. But it was not to be. Bathsheba, Bertie, Benjamin and Mick, all inveterate Reciprocators, had done what their consciences told them in the face of a what seemed like the complete relinquishment of Caelius's beliefs. "But, as you know, then arose "Dumbledore's Army", a group of young wizards fresh out of Hedgewards, trained in a raft of spells, magical abilities of great enormity who arose with little or no opposition, terrified and persecuted non-wizards and directly challenged the Ministry. It was from that time, and from Britain that the seeds of discord were, in the first time for over twelve hundred years, scattered far and wide. Aberforth spent his life trying to undo what his brother had done, to atone for the death of their sister at the hands of Dumbledore's Army." Without even looking, Caelius could feel the discomfort coming from Lucius Malfoy and Peter Pettigrew. But, they had whistleblown, and had been loyal ever since. "He was not there to help Ariana when she needed it," Caelius pressed, glancing down to the lengthy document in front of him. "This report, on which we unanimously agreed, that I presented last night has not changed. "We will protect non-wizards, that is absolute. But, we will do it in our own way. And, our own way is the appearance of compliance." He sat down. And then, just to make sure his addled mind had not dreamed all of that morning's proceedings he added, "please raise your hand if you assent to my proposal. I will do nothing unless this is unanimous." It was. Dave was last to lower his hand. He looked across to Caelius for a moment, with a look that all too clearly said, "I hope you know what you're doing." "Right," nodded, Caelius, looking down at the circular, ebony table, the wood that it was made of changed to reflect the relative danger that the country was in, and it had made this latest recent change from mahogany last night. "I spoke to Lindvald Halen very early this morning. As of now, the Hedgewards is going to be taken over. Lindvald Halen will remain as headteacher as it begins the process of become part of the Durmstrang Institute. Non-wizards will be repatriated and any wizards with muggle parents may choose to leave if they so wish." He looked round at the cabinet again, faces anxious, earnest, taken-aback. "We are to resist any changes to the present social arrangements, families will not be torn apart on the basis of one hearing, it needs to be done in a humane, orderly manner, if it is to be done at all. And - " But whatever the Minister for Magic was about to say no-one would ever know. An electric-blue post imp darted through the door with a letter for "The Minister for Magic, Cabinet Rooms, Ministry for Magic, London." He opened it with haste, read the words, lowered the parchment and then slowly brought it back up to his face. It was from Lily Potter. There were three words on it, three laconic words that meant everything. He let the letter fall and it floated down like a delicate leaf onto the deep, dark tabletop. "Remus is awake." 88888888 "Come on!" encouraged Julian, as Rufus Lestrange's walking pace slowed to nothing as he stared out of the window, but they were in too much of a rush to wonder what their friend was thinking about. "We need to get to the Broom Store before we're stopped," he hissed, overtaking him. "Come on, Ruf!" he implored. It had been nearly week since Julian, Darren and Rufus had spoken to Septimus by friend-finder, enhanced by floo powder and they were going to try again. Weeknights had been too difficult, for the broom store was overrun with quidditch and quibball players taking or returning their brooms so Darren had suggested they try early one morning. Even just walking through the corridors was a challenge – every year group who had been taught by Professor Halen were heading down to the defence dungeon to practise the fundamental spells and though it was spring and the mornings were growing lighter, it still seemed a struggle to be out of bed by four thirty, but Julian had thought about it and realised it would be later for Septimus, because he was in a different country. "I wonder if he has seen this," said Rufus, thoughtfully, pulling out a newspaper cutting from the Daily Prophet which showed people fleeing from a burning building. "What do you think, Jules? It's happening in Europe, houses set alight, people being cursed and attacked in the street? Not just at night, but the day?" he insisted. "Let's get down and you can ask him," replied Julian, "now come on, or the quibballers will be coming out for their early flying, we don't want to get caught." Trying to make little noise down the tower steps, they eased open the main door opposite the Great Hall, closing it gently. It clicked back with hardly a sound. Julian's fears of being caught did not get any less as they crossed the grounds, and it was only when they had clicked the door closed and ignited the fire that he breathed normally again. Like last time, they broke out some of the damp floo powder from its holder and Julain proclaimed,"Septimus Lupin!" as they held down their portions of their friend finders. But nothing happened. He tried again, and still nothing. Then, he lowered his head and offered his last few pinches of malachite-green powder to Darren. "This is what it's going to be like from now on," he said, miserably. "All for some stupid people who can't get on with other stupid people." When Darren said nothing, Julian added, "I'm not magical." "Oh, of course," Darren replied, feeling embarrassed at forgetting. "It's just, I'm so used to you being able to do things." "Get used to it," added Julian. "If you knew anyone who was a non-wizard, you might as well forget them – we're all doomed to live in ignorance while you all live in secret. How long til they put us all on a train back home for good?" It was Rufus who stepped forward to put a hand on Julian's shoulder, something which surprised all three of them. Julian looked up, his features showing less misery now, and said, "thank's mate. I just miss old September, that's all." From Julian's hand Darren took the floo powder. Then, he linked arms with Julian, then caught up his friend finder. Rufus did the same. "Together," Darren explained. "Together," Julian agreed. "Septimus Lupin!" Darren threw the powder. At first, it seemed as if nothing was going to work: the fire hissed and spat a few sparks. But then a great green flame erupted from the centre of the fire like a jet, and Julian was afraid that it was going to leap out of the fireplace and set light to the brooms. But it quickly transformed itself into a vortex, and then settled back down to an ordinary green floo flame. "It didn't do that before," said Julian, looking carefully into it, making sure his segment was pressed down as tightly as he could. "It's because we did it together," said Rufus. Julian frowned as he thought about this. No, he concluded. Rufus was not just speculating. He actually knew this could be done. "Makes sense," agreed Darren. Julian was amazed – he knew too? He was about to say something when Septimus's sleeping head appeared in relief in the flames. "He's asleep," he said, instead. "Inside a barn, or something." "Shall we just wait?" But they didn't have to. Clearly the light of the floo had been enough to awaken Septimus from whatever dream he was having. They watched him open his eyes, blink and then focus into the floo flames. He sat up, quickly. "No, down here!" insisted Darren. "It's us!" "Hello!" whispered back Septimus, lying back down again. "How are you all?" "Wanted to see how you were," said Julian. "Did you find your mum?" Septimus said nothing for a moment, then turned away, pulling what looked like a blanket around himself. "Shhh!" he said. "Your volume's really loud, for some reason. Then he shook his head. "Change of plan. I am sure she is in the Black Forest. We went there. I saw the mountains. They had snow on, even now. Mum is there – I am certain of it. But..." he paused. "I've got a new plan, or rather, I have. I wanted to see where she was - " "At Durmstrang?" asked Julian. "At Durmstrang. It would look well, wouldn't it, me scourning loads of mountains looking for what I think is where Grindelwald and Dumbledore have her. So, we're travelling east, we've left Grindelwald, the town Grindelwald, I mean. Snape knows of a way we can get into the school undetected. But we have to do it on a certain day." "Pity," huffed Julian. "I was hoping you might have been able to bring me back some of the rocks from the Black Forest. I've not got a lot of Alpine schist, and there's some really good examples of it there." "We are going to mountains, but not those," said Septimus, cheerfully, his head bobbing in the flames. "The ones we are going to are some in the very centre of Germany. Harz." "Hearts?" "No, the Harz mountains," Septimus elaborated. "We have to wait until last day of April, which is really lucky, isnt it? It's only a fortnight away." "A fortnight away," said Darren, then happens then?" asked Darren. "Then, apparently, you need to climb the highest mountain in the Harz, called the Brocken. On the Brocken spirits and witches dance and play on the last day of April – Walpurgis Night – until the May Queen comes and a portal to another world opens. That's in a fortnight's time." "A portal?" asked Julian, concerned. "What sort of portal?" "It's a port key. The demons and witches dancing is just a legend. But," he leaned closer towards the floo flames, the effect magnifying his image. "But, this port key is a secret way into Durmstrang. I want to see where she was; there is a witch there who worked with her. Professor Snape said her daughter attends Hedgewards. You know her, Darren," he added, looking across to him. "She's called Crystallia Brandt. She goes out with Sam Potter." Julian waited for Darren to say something, but he didn't. How could they explain by floo all that was happening in the country? Besides he had enough to be doing without worrying about laws and unforgiveable curses. Rufus, however, didn't think that. Instead, he asked, "We've heard of some reports of attacks on muggles by wizards. Have you seen any attacks?" The floo connection shuddered for a moment, like a television set tuning back in to its station, and they saw that Septimus was shaking his head. "Nothing, really. There was some trouble in a town in France that we passed, a lot of protestors. But, we've been travelling at night, mostly." He paused, then changed the subject. "I think if I am to get mum back I need to find those wizards who have her. I am convinced Durmstrang holds the key. Mum spoke of a witch there, a woman called Ragnhild. She is a truthteller, mum said. That's why I want to go. If she knew mum, and can only tell the truth, then she will be able to help, help me find out where Dumbledore and Grindelwald are." "Then you must send us a signal for you to help us," insisted Rufus, staring into the grate. "How?" asked Darren, turning to him. "Floo nudge." "Floo nudge? But these are friend finders, and Septimus has never done a floo nudge using his special powder, has he? Have you?" he asked to Septimus. "Were the friend finders supposed to be able to find me?" asked Septimus, thoughtfully. "No," said Rufus, decidedly. "And yet here we all are talking." "It doesn't follow that if one works, the other will," said Darren, folding his arms. "It's a floo, isn't it?" asked Septimus. He was aware he was arguing with his friends, and he didn't like it, not when they were so very far away. "Look, I'll try it. If I think I need you." The floo flashed. "Got to go. Professor Snape is waking up. Look, Darren...? Julian...? Rufus...?" "Yes?" they said together. "Thank you for being my best friends." It seemed longer that that were talking to their friend, but only half an hour had slipped by. Five o'clock. Five rings sonorated from the bell in the tower above the Great Hall and they carefully let themselves back into Hedgewards and into Gryffindor Tower courtesy of the Fat Lady and "Open Sesame", the password. All was going to plan, thought Lindvald Halen, watching them. 88888888 "It has been more successful than I ever dreamed," mused Albus Dumbledore, as he closed the Prime Pensieve. Darkness had fallen already and, sitting in a comfortable armchair next to a log fire he searched his lover's face for agreement. "There is discord and division in Britain. Opposition to something they barely know about, and entrenched solidity by wizards who know no better. Between themselves, they are using their prejudices and turning on one another. We have hardly had to lift a finger and there has been resistance in Britain." "There is always resistance in Britain," replied Gellert Grindelwald. "The question is, will it be enough?" From the corner of the cabin, Tabitha Penwright watched Dumbledore finger a necklace around his neck. It was what he thought it was, she mused. It was the necklace that was once a necklace given to Cecilia by Ragnhild, in turn been to her by Caelius, refashioned from a brooch acquited by herself, a different Tabitha but, yet, the same, and stolen by Vincento. It was the link to the where Cecilia had come from. If only they knew the connection to all of this was sitting right under their noses. But, of course, they could not . Not yet. Rising, and crossing to the bed where an ever paler Cecilia Frobisher still lay, Grindelwald touched her cheek. In any other reality that might have been seen as a caring gesture. But here, and there, Tabitha reminded herself, with him, that marked you out for death. But Cecilia dreamed, and the dream erupted like a plume of volcanic ash from her mind. But it did not get to the Prime Pensieve. Instead, Tabitha caught it. "Who's there?" demanded Dumbledore, at once, leaping to his feet, wand raised. Within seconds, Grindelwald was by his side and both of them stood, back to back, looking around for the intruder. But Tabitha had gone, and with her, another memory, just as good, just as valuable as the ones against which Cecilia's immediately nestled. Tabitha poked in her head and saw, a time, long since passed, long ago, in space as well as time. A laboratory, in darkness save two instruments working away to produce analyses which Nick Smith was technically in charge, of his chatting at length to Tonks, of Remus coming outside to talk to her, to tell her about the deaths of muggles at Halloween, and then new thoughts, deaths in this different place, different because she had made Joseph Black's decision to split from muggles different. Tabitha pulled her head back out, noticing the gap between the man in the distance and to her was significantly smaller to when she had last looked up. 88888888 Remus Lupin was indeed awake, if by awake meant he was still attached to two drips, one for fluids and minerals and the other for the slow-release of the medicine refined by Constantin. He was certainly aware that he was in St. Mungo's and that Lily was there. And, thanks to his lover, he was acutely aware of why his body was so mangled and torn. Whether he understood that Caelius was there too was a different matter. But his brother insisted on describing to Remus how lucky he had been to have a wife who loved him, even if he did not love her. "Your struggle is not over, brother," Caelius finished. "You need to be exposed to a large amount of energy at the end of your treatment in order for it to be over for you. You have a lot to thank her for." "And Septimus?" "Under my care." Caelius shifted towards him, ignoring Lily staring at him from the chair that was nearly always occupied by her these days. "He is MY son, Caelius," snapped Remus, through his still not inconsiderable pain. "Although you have always treated him as something more." "Get better first, then you can be a father to him once more." "Will I never be away from her, brother, and her hysterics, that woman - " the patient broke off and groaned in pain. "Are you aware of what happened to you?" asked his elder brother, wondering whether now was the right time to ask him why he had even married Cecilia. "Some," replied Remus, looking across to Caelius. "And you sent us, brother." "I sent reciprocators," Caelius clarified. "You and Sirius volunteered. It might have essily been you and James, or James and Arthur, or Tonks, or Bertie, or Benjamin - " Remus gave a low gutteral sound, which silenced him, unconcealed pain in his exhalation, frustration there too, and certainly contempt. But Caelius said nothing, instead, nodded to another visitor and stepped back. "Sirius!" gasped Remus, trying to turn to his friend's direction. "So good to see you, my friend. Your help has been most welcome, Sirius," he added, "most welcome, when it was most needed." "It is all over, Remus. Everyone knows. And Lily has been by your side night and day." Remus's face softened, and stretched out his hand towards her. "Lily - " he began, but pain, filling his right side, and coursing around his body drove words from him. "Rest now," advised Caelius. "You are in good hands." 88888888 Death, death all around. Some say it began in Russia, others China. That the Milanese and Genoese had begun catapulting dead animals at one another in proto-germ warfare was probably the most likely beginning of the Plague. And it galvanised the Going. "The thing we need to decide is at which point in history we choose to help make life better." His assertion was greeted with nods and smiles from the other three like-minded thinkers around Raymond Lully. "We know the future can be accessed, yes. Salazar saw to that, and brought us Aloysius. But you mustake future with linear progress, humans make mistakes again and again because we are different humans and cannot recognuse that it is the same problem but in a different century. And because we think progress is infinite, not cyclical." And this memory was linked to another, one of Aloysius Lupin leaving his work to take a time turner out of the Department. Not just any time turner. Salazar Slytherin's. Because this memory was linked to the other because of an event in time. 1375. At the same time Slytherin had completed his experiment to reverse te time field on his time turner to make it run in the other direction, Aloysius Lupin was using that very same time turner to return to the point where Lully, Flamel and Slytherin were deciding how they should use it. Lully wanted to see the future. Little did he know that the future, by the name of Aloysius, was coming to fetch him. And then there was the third: Lully had his dream, one which he scarcely could imagine. Physicists from all over the world were doing something he would have dearly liked to have done, had he been able to, with other wizards: communicte. Collaborate. So between the shoulders of de Broglie, Dirac, Watson, Crick, Schrodiger, Bohr, Chadwick, Oppenheimer, Einstein and Fermi, with Aloysius by his side, he began to develop a basis for the link between muggles and wizards, culminating in a meeting with Aloysius in order to declare that his friend was right, and there was indeed a scientific connection. But, unfortunately, Tabitha sees that their great collaboration had a weak spot, or rather, a weak person. Oswald T. Avery discovered that very connection and told all he knew to a young boy from a wizarding school who would hang around in the pub in Little Hangleton asking a lot of questions. Perhaps it had been a mistake to tell Tom Riddle what he had overheard Lully and Aloysius Lupin discussing one night, and what they were committing to paper. For it would be the words around the front cover, three words repeated -EnergyLightMagic - that he would bring to mind just before he told this all again to Tom Riddle, now going by a different name, just before the Killing Curse, cast through the anarchistic crowds of wizards and goblins in Budapest in 1956, accurately found its intended target. But, of course, he was not killed. He had used the time turner to go back into the past. Of course it made sense to Tabitha why Aloysius was so desperate to hide the book and join his friend. But, to give it to his son, John Lupin, she could see, was indeed folly, especially as Aloysius did not have sufficient time to explain what it was. The memory began to fade as John Lupin shelved what he thought was an ordinary copy of "Mysterious Mythology" with the rest of the boys' books in the nursery. Beside the door, a young Remus Lupin, disturbed a little by Caelius's cough, turned in his sleep. 88888888 It was Saturday morning, just beyond the middle of April. While Hermione was still asleep, having arrived late from her Strasbourg office, Harry had risen before dawn. His insomnia had resulted in getting up and making a pot of tea while he sat in the kitchen of their rented home. He had a lot on his mind, so much so that he didn't know where to begin to unravel it. He stared at the wall of the kitchen, upon which Hermione had adhered the map of Septimus's travels as he sipped the tea. Two weeks, just two weeks. A fortnight until the memories of muggles they knew would be removed – if they did not put up a fight first which, if one listened to the news over the last few days a good proportion intended to do. And, in just two weeks they were to get married, in the registry office in Hermione's home town of Godalming. She would be up, soon, and would be going to meet her mum, Harry knew. The appointment was for the dress fitter, and she had marked it on the calendar as soon as her mum had arranged it. Harry looked down at the work he himself had brought home, and thought the thoughts he had had the day before, as he was transcribing them from their primary sources and collecting them together, from ministry documents, from the Daily Prophet. From testimony from wizards known to be members of Dumbledore's Army at the time, who had, conveniently, suspiciously, all managed to gain key offices in the Ministry in order to atone for any wrongdoing that they had been involved in when they were young and easily led by a dangerous wizard. What was the point? Was any of this, when given to Caelius, be of any use to anyone at all? The wizards involved would not lose their jobs, the people in this country, like in the whole of Europe, were going to be divided, systematically, cruelly. Had not Dumbledore won, in the end? He got up, and reheated the kettle. Making tea without magic was a wonderful tonic to the toxic politics in which the country, and the people in the country, were subject to now. How fast this had all escalated. Harry shook his head as the kettle came to the boil, and he poured more tea out for himself and one for Hermione, who he could hear stirring, above. When she finally came down, and breakfasted, she insisted he tell her what was wrong. "I feel like that too," she said. "I have the legislation to process at Strasbourg. I am handling the very documents which will split me from my parents, when we all go into hiding and all of the muggles are befuddled. "Then, why are you not even half as concerned as you should be?" asked Harry, clearing away the breakfast plates. "Because, this is a huge job, far bigger than Draco Malfoy, or whoever is ultimately behind this can contemplate. Too much has to be done before the deadline. I can't see them being ready. What[s this?" she asked, moving Harry's arm away from the papers he had on the table. "My latest work," he muttered, shaking his head. "I'm to pull together any documents we have about "Dumbledore's Army for Caelius. For what it's worth." "Why do you say that?" she asked, getting up and tidying up the rest of the breakfast things. He looked down at his work, grabbing the leaves, then reading from them, angrily. "Well, from what I can tell, what they did at Hedgewards was terrible, targeting squibs and those wizards with two non-wizard parents, and those with limited magical ability," he began, sighing with frustration. "It says here," he stabbed the page, "that it began with insults and shouting at children, little children, eleven year olds. Then, these children were denied lessons and were made to work for the wizards, in the kitchens, cleaning brooms and quidditch kit. And then, eventually, their families were persecuted, homes burned down, property destroyed, children terrified, until they left, and ultimately denied an education." Harry's face was white and he found that he was shaking. "And if muggles got in his way they were killed outright. It took Aberforth and the Reciprocators to drive Dumbledore from Hedgewards. Aberforth confronted him on the ground just outside the Great Hall. He invoked the words of the four founders, who reappeared to protect the castle, and the stones projected out a protective barrier. Dumbledore was ejected and can never return to Hedgewards. The support for Dumbledore's Army crumbled; they never were prosecuted, Aberforth took steps to ensure this would never happen again and hunted his brother to bring him to justice. But Dumbledore has been in hiding ever since." He looked at her, then spat, "with Grindelwald, they say. Now," Harry sighed, "those wizards who were given the authority to do this to other children have been, for the last twenty years, have been purporting to be good, upstanding citizens when they were nothing short of muderers." Hermione waited to speak until Harry had put down the papers, watching him sink into a kitchen chair. He held his head in his hands. She had never seen him so agitated before, so upset. But, then, he had been through a lot in four months and he had changed before her eyes, from the happy-go-lucky boy from their time at Hedgewards to now, edgy, agitated, anxious. She sat down next to him and took his hands. "What do you think we should do, Harry? What is there we can do?" "Well, the only thing I can think of, what I keep coming back to, is to find out where Septimus is going." He looked at her, earnestly, and took her other hand. "You are right that we cannot give up our jobs, and go hunting around Europe for them. But, could we not visit them, at regular intervals? Try to get an idea of what's going on?" He smiled at her now, his flash of anger gone. "It's what I'm going to do, if you don't feel you can. Like, this afternoon, for example, when you're out with your mum." "Bother! Mum!" exclaimed Hermione, drawing a hand to her her mouth. "No, I'll tell her I have something I need to do." She fot to her feet. "I'm coming with you. I need to know too, and together we'll do this better." The map at their home in Surrey was, because of Hermione's spell, continually being updated so it would be easy to track Septimus and Snape by apparating. Hermione, after dressing, appeared with a backpack, which she filled with sandwiches, drinks and cakes, and added in floo powder, a sneakoscope and extendable ears. Harry took her hand as they stood before the map, its silvery trail seeming to be heading from the south west of Germany, towards the north east and she withdrew her wand, pressing the tip to the end, then turned and kissed her. "I love you," he said, drawing her in for a hug. "I am sorry for - " "Don't," she said, stroking her hands on his chest and back. "This is something we can do, when there are so many things that we can't." The squashing, pulling feeling lasted seconds as they disapparated together, finding themselves in a landscape similar to Switzerland, with no less impressive moutains looking as if they had pushed their way through the thick canopy of the forest. Grindelwald, Harry said, considering the irony and they found Snape carrying out food from a delicatessen to a table outside, a stew, bread rolls, what looked like apple juice. It was if a parent had brought a child on a cultural trip to this old village, as the former Hedgewards headmaster placed it in front of Septimus. It seemed almost normal. That's if you ignored Snape's broom, broad and sturdy, dense bristles and foot rests. That was a broom for serious flying and it was propped conspicuously by the table, bags and a rolled up pair of blankets hanging from it. "What now?" whispered Harry, as Snape got up. "Wait," hissed Hermione, and they scuttled behind the wall where Septimus had concealed himself an hour before. "See where they go, what they do." They sat on the grass. Hermione offered a cheese roll to Harry, who took it, gratefully. Then, her hand rested on something she knew she hadn't packed. "What's this?" she asked, pulling out what looked suspiciously like a book she had seen before. Opening the cover tentatively, Hermione waited to hear the dreadful wailing that she knew it had emitted last time. When it didn't, she looked across to Harry, eyes narrowing. "I found it back under the stairs again," said Harry. "I mustn't've taken it to Grimmauld Place at Christmas." "But it's - " "Yes," he nodded. "It's not screaming." He took it from her hands. "But it is talking." "Talking?" Hermione lowered her head to the cotton pages that had once been the book in which Snape, just a hundred feet from them, had received Cecilia's work from Durmstrang. "Communicating," he clarified. "It writes words, sometimes. It seems random, to me. But words seem to appear, then go. I've written them down." From the back of the book, Harry withdrew two sheets of paper in his handwriting. Hermione took them, holding them close to her eyes, reading his words. "...Remus in Durmstrang...? ...Snape has Harry's potion now...? ...the Death Eaters who killed my mother were Bellatrix and Rodolphus Lestrange..." she looked up to him, frowning. "... not found all of the horcruxes...? Harry, what does all this mean?" "Search me," he said, shrugging. "We know Cecilia was from somewhere else, don't we? Perhaps these are her memories from her past life. Or, thoughts, or something. But they disappear, and I've tried lots of spells to try to get them back again, but they didn't work. I thought it was a good idea to make a note of them." "Hm," said Hermione, looking suspiciously at the book. "And, they disappear once the book gets opened?" "More or less," said Harry. "But - " "Shhh..." said Hermione, suddenly, and they fell silent. "What?" "Severus Snape. He's talking to Septimus about something. But I can't quite hear." "Hear?" "I dropped the extendable ears thread right by them as we apparated." Harry looked at her in amazement, impressed. "Here," she said, offering Harry the flesh-coloured, spaghetti-strand which was the hearing piece to the extendable ears. "We need to keep still to get the best transmission." So, they waited, and listened, as Snape told something of great importance to the boy. Then, Septimus got up, picking up the apple juice glass and finishing the remains, before taking the blanket-roll as Snape horizontalled the Broadclad. Helping Septimus onto it, he took him by the waist, before instructing it ascend, taking them high into the sky. Hermione withdrew her extendable ear transmitter, falling back towards the wall, looking forwards, into the middle distance. "Durmstrang," said Harry, looking ahead too, then turning his head towards her. "They're going to Durmstrang." "And using a port key on the highest mountain in the Harz." "What is the highest mountain in the Harz?" asked Harry, of his fiance. "We can find out," she replied, withdrawing a book, issued by the European Ministry from her bag. Then she looked back at Harry. "They're going to use a port key at the top of the highest mountain in the Harz? There's no such port key! All port keys are documented within the Ministry – Snape must be mistaken." Ahead of them, in the forget-me-not blue sky, the Broadclad dipped down, probably five miles away. "If we follow them, Hermione, we might well find out where this portkey is, and why it isn't listed in the book." Hermione smiled. "It's a good job I slipped a trace on them then, isn't it?"
Sorry for the lack of update on Youtube so I need to open a new account and re-upload. Thank you to all my subscribers – all 5 of you, and of course, all my dear readers here on FanFiction. 88888888 The Brocken is the highest mountain in the Harz. Hermione found that out at lunchtime five days after she and Harry had tracked Septimus and Severus Snape watched them continue on their journey north from the Black Forest, pushing, for once, the arduous paperwork aside. The separation of wizards and non-wizards was going to happen, or it wasn't; she was going to get married to Harry in just over a week and apparently there was a port key somewhere in Germany. If there was a port key, it was inactve, not working. There was no record at all of one, not in the Harz mountains, not anywhere near that location, in fact. That she had spent more time in the archives three floors below ground in Strasbourg, on the pretext of being efficient had actually been beneficial to her: how was a person supposed to deal with such ruling? It was all very well for Draco Malfoy to insist that this was the right thing for everyone but another thing to carry it out. Researching this had taken her mind off it all. A year ago, when Harry had proposed, life never seemed happier. She had wanted the promotion at Strasbourg as is had meant more money towards their wedding and their start to life. People whom she had known all her life were just that: those people. Remus and Sirius were just aurors, doing their job; Sam was just Sam, a student at Hedgewards. Even the Reciprocators didn't do a great deal. And then, legislation had allowed halfbreeds to be brought into the country, non-wizards had been accepted to Hedgewards and everything had steadily got out of control from there. Eight o'clock in the evening and Hermione floo'd home. She had not stopped in her Strasbourg apartment since the Hearing – she just felt she couldn't face it. If these were the last days of wizards and non-wizards being together, living their lives together in Britain, before living in secrecy and hiding magic then she wanted to be there to see it, to remember it. But the streets were not crowded, as she imagined; there weren't hundreds of thousands of people marching against such an unethical ruling. It was as if people were in denial that such a thing was about to happen. Even she, Hermione, did not look around and see action: far from it. It was as if people did not believe this was about to happen. Looking round their rented house, Hermione sank into the settee, closing her eyes. How had it come to this? The British Combined Government was no more; the Ministry of Magic was doing its best to comply to the letter the edict which had been passed, nearly a month ago and people seemed to be in a state of resigned acquiescnce. But not everywhere: in some places in the country groups of people were feircely against the move. The Non-Wizard Reciprocators were gathering in towns and cities, joining with the protestors against what they perceived as Draco Malfoy's corrupt governance in Strasbourg to raise their objections to what they were calling magical apartheid. There had been some green shoots of resistance. Whehn she opened her eyes Hermione realised that Harry had joined her, and was sitting next to her. He smiled when she sat up and reached for her hand. "Mum floo'd to tell me that she has been in touch with your mother," he said. "Yes?" "They have all arranged between them; they know we have been working hard, and not to worry. Just to turn up, and it will be ready for us." "OK." What else was there to say? A part of Hermione made her think she should be more affronted that her own wedding day had been overtaken like this, but most of her felt relieved. "And Sam?" Harry shifted next to her. "Still no news, other than that the Icelandic government confirm that he is in the country, along with Crystallia. They're trying to have him extradited, but what with everything under pressure to change by next Friday, it's been lost in the melee." "That's something," said Hermione. Harry nodded. And then, into her hand, he placed a book. Hermione said nothing for a moment, but stared at the cover. "I have been working on all I can at work, and it led me to Aberforth Dumbledore's personal possessions. They were in the historical archive." He leaned over and opened the cover. The title page, with the title words, stood out, fossilised into the ivory-coloured paper. "What's so special about this?" she asked, wearily. Harry smiled. "It's not like the others," he said. "I should know, I read a few. It had my name on, after all." Hermione's eyes traced the words with her eyes, "Harry Potter and the Story that Never Was." "Like you, I thought that it would be just like the others," said Harry. "I thought that Cecilia Lupin's book, which she gave away as a promotion, all those years ago, was just some sort of make-believe, lame story. But, there's so much in it that is true, so much relevant to now!" "What are you talking about?" asked Hermione, but she did not put the book down. "And you say this is Aberforth's copy?" Harry nodded. "I flicked through it, at lunchtime," he continued, leafing open a few pages. "I expected it to contain the story of the dark wizard and his followers, Tom Riddle, you know? And me, and you and Ron, as children at a school called Hogwarts - " " - an unimaginitive name change - " Hermione nodded. "But there's more." He turned over a few pages, and pointed. "Horcruxes?" said Hermione, blinking as he showed her the word. "Like what you discovered? With Herpo the Greek?" "Exactly," said Harry, pointing to another word. "Look, what else it says, and I know this wasn't in the original; I'd remember..." "..." Voldemort cannot pass through the veil, to seek life eternal until all horcruxes are united..."...?" "Yeah," said Harry. "If this is to be belived then someone, somewhere, from another place in space and time, is connected to this. And, it isn't really just a story. It's a true account of something. The somewhere Cecilia came from. And, if it is true, what is a horcrux?" "I never..." said Hermione, then pushed the book out of her lap and stood up. "No. Didn't we find out? Something to do with the soul?" "A piece of a soul." It wasn't a question: Harry, who had spent the rest of that afternoon reading and re-reading the book was now reading a note in the back, in Aberforth's handwriting. "What?" "Look," he said, pointing. "Aberforth says it's a piece of the soul. A piece magically removed from a person." Carefully, as if the book were an undetonated grenade, Harry put the book onto the settee next to him. "A piece of a soul?" Hermione repeated, thinking. "It's possible. Herpo the Greek had several objects with him before, legend has it, that he used to pass through a veil to the world of the dead, unharmed. So he could return someday. His soul was safe in the objects." "Do you think he managed it?" Hermione said nothing at first, as if he was thinking about something. "He was the maker of the veil, through which Tabitha had gone and Cecilia had come," she mused. "The veil that is in the Ministry." She turned to Harry quickly, then sat down, seizing the book. "Was that why Cecilia had come through the veil, do you think? Is that what she had been running away from?" "You mean, not a legend, but actual fact?" \harry looked at his fiancee in amazement. "Harry, something is going on, far beyond our sight, far beyond what we know, and do, or we can imagine. Don't you feel it?" She got up, her weariness far from her now, then pointing to the silvery trail on the map, of Septimus Lupin. "We were right to follow them." "You think Septimus has the answer?" asked Harry, scornfully. "How could he? He's a child. He was born here, he is Remus Lupin and Cecilia's son." "Is he?" Hermione knew now that she could no longer keep what she suspected about Septimus Lupin to herself any longer, "How can he not be? He'll be twelve in May; he was born in May 1998..." "Cecilia Lupin got here in July 1997," Hermione said. "I know she and Lupin got married very quickly, but it was a mighty quick pregnancy, don't you think?" Harry said nothing – it wasn't something he often thought about. "Something about all of this links to Septmus," Hermione concluded. "Something to do with this Voldemort; something to do with his soul, if it is reunited, being able to pass through the veil. But why?" Harry laughed. "Why?" he repeated. Hermione frowned. "You're asking why an evil, powerful wizard would want to pass through to a place which had access to everything that has ever happened in time, and in other realities too? We have two evil wizards of our own who would love to do that, too: they probably have in their possession the only person who has ever successfully done that, too." Hermione said nothing for a moment. Harry got up, wanting to touch her, take her hand, her shoulder, something. And then she broke into a smile. "Of course! It all fits! Wizards wanting to break through time and space, accessing people, tools from different worlds to help them in their evil domination. But...but..." she stumbled, thinking through the notion. "But, time and space has rules, time and space can only be accessed if they are satisfied..." "...Tabitha managed it...Cecilia managed it..." Harry said aloud. "Anyone else?" "If there were, Aberforth knew. Aberforth co-ordinated Tabitha's mission, of course..." "...to find them? To bring them to the side which wasn't that of this...Voldemort...?" "If I were him, and I could...after Dumbledore's Army...I would..." "Something to do with Septimus, something to do with Tabitha and Cecilia, and Herpo the Greek, who created the veil and split his soul into pieces and put it into physical objects. Something to do with Aberforth trying to manage all of this, even though he is dead." "And, in eight days' time the end of the world as we know it." "Does that diary-book of hers tell us anything?" Hermione gestured towards the backpack that they had yet to undo, and Harry crossed the parquet floor over to it. He turned leaf after leaf, but shook his head. Hermione said nothing for a moment, but instead, went to the kitchen and began to prepare dinner. Spaghetti bolognese, with garlic bread. The water boiled, and Harry followed her, laying the table. "The Brocken is the highest mountain in the Harz," Hermione told Harry, as she ladled out the bolognese sauce on to the spaghetti. "If there is a port key there, and that is where Septimus is going, I think we should, too." 88888888 "What are you suggesting, Pomona, that I go to Lindvald Halen and tell him he must not address the students?" It was after school hours on Monday, 26th April, 2010. Five days until the Segregation. That weekend, several students had been withdrawn from the school, their parents brooming in to collect them, citing anxiety about the future and wishing to keep their children at home. The staff had kept a neutral response to this and a letter had been sent to the parents or guardians of every student there, telling them that their childrens' safety was their first priority. How could it be, asked Ro Williams' father, who had shown Professor McGonagall the Daily Prophet, with the report about Sam Potter and the Unforgiveable Curse and that more children were ill – again. But, it hadn't been as many as Minerva had expected; there had been many parents who had Owled them telling them that they put their trust in the staff that the children would not only be safe, but believed their children would be well educated, one insisting that it would be a good idea to continue to teach the students about non-wizards, since the non-wizards would be unaware of them, special precautions needed to be given to students. All policies that the government would adopt would filter down to Hedgewards, Minerva wrote back. But it had been the presence of the non-wizard students who were of most concern. The parents of Aaron and Jason Crudglington had written to ask that the boys remain at the school, for they felt that it was of vital importance that they learn about the magical world, even more so, now. No advice had yet been forthcoming from Caelius Lupin. Unless that was what tonight was about. If so, Minerva thought that it would have been prudent to inform the staff first. So, with this in mind, Pomona Sprout had come to Minerva McGonagall's office after teaching hours to express her concerns, which were much in line with Minerva's own. Lindvald was going to talk to the students and they were as much in the dark as the children. "We could go to see him now," suggested Pomona, staring at Minerva's leather-inlaid desk. "Surely he has no objections to us heads of house knowing, so that we can field any questions that come our way. "I agree." But, it was to their greatest surprise that Lindvald Halen was not in his office, nor anywhere else, despite looking. 7 o'clock that evening. That was when the headmaster was going to address the students. They supposed they had to wait until then. 88888888 Another picturesque German town. Another step towards the goal of the port key, which would take him to where his mother had last been, and he could begin the trail to find her there. A wooden sign hung in the market square of the little town of Goslar. Rising high behind it, as they landed gently on the inlaid cobblestones, which suggested mediaeval design, but hinted at late twentieth-centurty reproduction, the mountains of the Harz loomed, like a tall, curved wall. The high peak looked to Septimus as if it had been coloured in by a child with a lot of white paint, but the cloud, for that's what it was, moved and swayed its vapours as he watched, bold slopes in green and yellow thrusting out on occasions, and a building at the very top, surrounded in wire fencing. Yesterday, they had been in a more southern town – Wernigerode – but it had no access to the mountains. Goslar was the gateway and here the shops betrayed their wanton commercialism for the day which was drawing close, of witches – as marionette puppets,, cats and cauldrons and legends, books of Beltane and Walpurgisnacht. "I saw a delicatessen as we landed," Snape announced, as Septimus waited in the small village green at the centre of Goslar. "Wait here, and I'll bring lunch." The Harz mountains, and here, the highest one of all – the Brocken. Somehow its height, shooting up as it seemed to do out of the back of the buildings of the village, somehow seemed ominous, portentious, as if waiting patiently for him – Septimus – to make his way up there. But not just yet. Four days to go until Walpurgisnacht. 88888888 "We haven't even had dinner yet," grumbled Darren Black, Rufus and Julian took their places at the Gryffindor table. "We've usually had it by now – 6 o'clock – and by now we've just had pudding," he grumbled, as he looked down the empty tables, students waiting as impatiently as he was. It was a mean thing to do, Darren said, bringing us from our common rooms, only to sit in the Great Hall without their dinner. Julian looked up and down the table too, following Darren's head, but his mind would not rest in thoughts of food. Septimus, he thought to himself. Something was happening with his friend. And if any of the students were to be believed, his position as a non-wizard at Hedgewards was on shaky ground – something was happening with non-wizards in the outside world. Whether or not he knew precisely what, Julian didn;t care about the details: his mother and father and little sister were non-wizards. Something was going on that involved them. "I mean, come on," said Darren, in disgust, "not even some bread rolls to keep us going. Or an apple." But his complaints were ignored by those around him as the room fell silent. Before them, on the dias, without annoucement their headmaster stood. He waited patiently until everyone ceased talking and then, taking a step forward, nodded his chestnut-brown head and then looked at the floor. "What I have called you here tonight, with such suddenness is a matter of grave importance to each and every person in this room." Lindvald Halen looked around at the students' tables, before turning and looking at the people behind him, the teachers at the table, waiting, poised, to hear what he had to say. Lindvald then looked back to the students. "As some of you may know, the Ministry for Magic has, ten days ago, adopted the legislation passed into law at the Hearing in Strasbourg, otherwise known to some as the "Declaration of Wizards." This "Declaration sought to promote wizards as superior to non-wizards, and used the idea of safe-guarding non-wizards as its pivotal point." At this, the room erupted into a babble of talking - everyone wanted to talk about this, speculate on what knowledge they had, project their ideas into the future. Gryffindors leaned over to Ravenclaws; older students got to their feet and began to stand together in groups. Others began to point and stare at one another, many pointing in the direction of Sam Crudglington, who folded his arms, defiantly. This time, Lindvald raised his wand, calling out, "Silence!" And when silence was reached, the students sitting down, deflated, he continued. "The "Delaration" was successful in its aims," Lindvald continued. "Strasbourg, under Draco Malfoy, recognised the position that the wizards were bringing to light. As such, he has passed an Act of Parliament within the European Parliament, ratified by every country's MEWP, that non-wizards should be isolated from wizards. It is, of course," the headmaster continued, over the beginning of whispers and low murmurings, "the requirement of every government within the European Wizarding Union, that this is put into place. As such, our government compelled to implement this legislation. The combined government of wizards and nonwizards has been abolished." He stopped, and looked around at the young wizard and non-wizards in front of him. "Safety is going to be achieved by the segregating of non-wizards. At the end of the month – a few days from now – all wizard families are to relocate to their nearest safe village. All non-wizards will have their memories removed, and all trace that the knew about a wizards will no longer exist." "But this is outrageous!" shouted someone from the Hufflepuff table. A group of older students nodded in agreement. "Rubbish! That's rubbish!" shouted someone else. "Well,that's me done," said Julian, derisively, folding his arms. "Nice knowing you, Rufus, Darren," he nodded at his friends. "And Septimus too – if you ever see him again, tell him, will you? 'Cos it looks like I am to forget about you all. Do you think they'll let me keep my rock collection?" "No!" shouted Darren, turning to stare at Julian. "That can't happen! You're our friend! We're - " "You heard the man," said Julian, sourly. "All that effort mum took to get me here; getting poorly – everything. And now I'm going to end up in a non-wizard school learning...algebra and stuff." "No," insisted Darren, turning to look at Rufus, who was staring at the headmaster. "Ruf, tell Julian it won't happen to him..." But he trailed off as he saw where Rufus Lestrange was looking – right at the headmaster, or, more specifically, at the heasmaster's arm. For, resting on it was a bird, large and graceful, it opened its beak and breathed a breath which immediately iced up part of Lindvald Halen's hair. The room lulled to silence again. The bird opened its wings and stretched them, revealing a wide wingspan and little crystals of ice on its under-feathers. It squawked again, high and brittle, like someone drawing on an iced up window with a stick. "As long as I am headmaster of this school, this law will never come into force. Wizard, or non-wizard, all of you belong to the school community. Whatever happens over the next few days, it must be remembered we are a family, we belong together, no matter whether our parents are wizards or non-wizards. We need you to help protect Hedgewards from attack of Ministry carrying out law from European Wizarding Union who want it to integrate into Durmstrang. Durmstrang is not Hedgewards. Amongst us - " Lindvald Halen looked across to Julian and then further back, to where Jason was sitting, " - sit two non-wizards. In the infirmary lies another. We, as a school, will not allow the Ministry, or anyone else for that matter, remove these students from our number." Slowly, the headmaster, arm still out wide, turned to the row of teachers, all sitting behind him. Some, like Professors Flitwick and Sprout, were still, arms, hands, fingers still outstretched as if interrupted in the process of speaking to one another. "I first call upon the teachers of Hedgewards," Lindvald began, "to ask if they will join me in securing and upholding the security of this castle." There was silence. The students' talk had dropped to nothing – everyone was staring at the teachers' table. "Nothing's happening," hissed Darren to Rufus. Rufus Lestrange, his dark, curly hair reflecting the candle light above turned a little to his friend. He had a small smile on his face, though the rest of his features displayed his usual "not on this planet" look. But, he wasn't looking at the teaching staff. Instead, his eyes were on the ice phoenix. And then, when it looked as if nothing was actually going to happen, that no wizards and witches before them were going to do anything, Struan Crowfoot, teacher of runes, got up. "Aye!" he declared, in his Aberdonian accent. "I will secure the castle with you, Professor Halen." "Aye!" declared another voice. Professor Huxley-Baird was also on his feet, his wand raised in a kind of salute. And within a minute, with a variety of assertions, Scots or otherwise, each teacher was standing up and had pledged their wand, agreeing to support Lindvald Halen. And, with the last word, from Professor Sprout of, "Jolly good!" Lindvald Halen, Headteacher of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, lifted both of his arms vertically above his head. The ice phoenix let out an ear-piercing squeal, opening wide its white-blue wings, ice shards falling away from its wings as, with his his other arm, Lindvald Halen held aloft his wand. No words came from his mouth. Everyone in the Great Hall had their eyes on the bird as it began to swirl in a vortex around the headmaster's head. And then, without warning, a sound like an explosion filled the hall, the wizards behind Lindvald, their wands also raised, followed the movement of the bird as it rotated. The hall filled with ice and the phoenix was aloft, soaring over their heads and around the hall. Behind them, the doors flew open, thudding heavily against the sandstone block walls as the phoenix rushed out. The students rushed to the open doors and craned to see the bird as it swooped and dived around the castle. "What's it doing?" asked Darren. "Protecting us." Darren turned to look at Rufus who, like the rest, were following the trail of the icy bird around the sky, the castle, the quibball and quidditch pitches. But his expression was not like the rest – his face seemed to betray a knowledge rather than questioning awe. "The ice phoenix casts a protection around things...did you see, it went all the way to the edgestopnes?" Julian looked over the heads of the students and out into the dusklight. He couldn't say he had noticed the range of the bird, but it had been spectacular to see it coating the air with what looked like tiny ice crystals. "My father has been looking after that bird for a long time," Rufus continued, looking between his friends. "It was living in our owlery. Mum was happy to bring it for Professor Snape last year. Made all the difference. It comes from a long time ago." "You mean a long way away?" asked Julian, frowning at his friend. "Yes, the same thing, really. It has been waiting for this particular headmaster. You are safe now. The power of the ice phoenix can never be broken, unless all of the teachers and the headmaster want it to be broken." He smiled at Julian. "You won't have to leave Hedgewards now." A "tap-tap-tap" sound was coming from the front of the hall now. Lindvald Halen, who had not moved from his position on the raised dias before the teachers' table. The members of staff, however, had retaken their seats and were now talking to one another in low voices. Only Professor McGonagall was standing up, and was using her wand to call order. "Please, take your seats. Dinner will be served shortly." "Fraser Blewitt is getting better," Darren hissed to both Rufus and Julian as they tucked into a hearty dinner of chicken, vegetables and gravy. "I was speaking to Aaron, who was told by his brother and he has been to visit him, in St. Mungo's. He's going to be coming back to school. Apparently, Fraser says - " "Fraser says Sam did attack him with that spell, but I think more should be done to investigate what happened." Darren turned, angrily, to the person who had interrupted his story and did not change his expression much even though Ariella Blewitt had taken up a seat next to him. "Hello, Jules," she added, when Julian had raised a fork, mid-mouthful, in acknowledgement. "Sam is not to blame, though," Ariella continued, helping herself to food. "He thought my brother was going to attack him. He's been having problems at home." "You're right there," muttered Darren. "You were there at Christmas, Ariella, you know about his parents and everything." "No, I wasn't, it was only Fraser, and Dad," corrected Ariella. "Anyway, my parents, and Fraser, don't want to press charges." "It's not in your hands," Rufus replied, quietly. "Sam Potter's is overage. But he cannot be prosecuted if he is in Iceland." "He's in Iceland?" "That's what mum says. He and Crystallia got married at Hogsmeade and they've run off to Iceland." "Wow," said Ariella, lost for words, which was unusual for her. "But I'm glad the headmaster has used the ice phoenix for us. Even Merlin couldn't break in to take Julian here now the teachers have put in their support. Mum willl be pleased; she's gutted about the break up of wizards and non-wizards – quibball, you see," he added, tapping the side of his nose. "At least it should be able to continue here." "I don't think it'll just be your mum: people love the game: the nation's hooked. I mean, just look at how many people have quibball cards with the players on, not just quidditch ones," said Julian. "I love quidditch, you know? But to be able to play with wizards, being a non-wizard, you know? That's something else." "But, Sam, though," added Darren, shaking his head, as he patted Julian on the back, "it's not the same without him leading us around; they haven't replaced him as head boy and we've had to make do with Helianthus Pemberton. I mean, she's alright, but Sam would always make a joke, you know? And now he's in the "Prophet" as the son of reciprocators who are, incidentally outlawed. "I don't think you understand what it's going to be like if the government actually carries out its pledge to remove the memories of millions of non-wizards," said Ariella, scornfully, putting down her fork. "In three days' time, the government, the aurors are going to have to modify their memories, but, more than that, eradicate any trace of non-wizards from the whole country – books, television programmes, jons, schools, the Internet. Even the individual family history of everyone who has even the smallest link with the wizard world. Even a postcard from an aunt or the obituary of a grandfather will have to be modified. And I just don't think they're going to be able to do that in three days." "And I may never see my family again," said Julian, looking back towards the doors of the Great Hall, whoch were still open. "Now that the headmaster has done this when I eventually do go home, my mum and dad and Opal won't know who I am." This time, the usual genial face of Julian crumpled and he hung his head. "Not if my mum has anything to do with it," said Darren, putting a sympatetic arm around his friend. "And your mum too, Ariella?" The girl looked impassive until Darren clarified, "they're in the "Non-Wizard Reciprocators", aren't they? Right now, they are protesting in London, in Trafalgar Square; there's been an ongoing protest for peace and integration since the ruling from Strasbourg." At this, Ariella nodded her head in agreement. "It's like Ari said, they can't possibly do this in three days. And anyway, for people who have non-wizard parents they have to make them aware of the wizard world, or there would be no non-wizard-borns at Hedgewards ever again. Plus, how would they ever cover up accidental magic by magical babies born to them? I don't think anyone's thought of the consequences." They waited for Julian to pick up his head, and when he did, there were tears in his eyes. "We need to go down to the broom shed tonight; I need to speak to..." Julian trailed off, as he caught Ariella's eye. "No problem, mate," nodded Darren, "right Rufus?" "And...and...we need to go with Rufus and work on his plants." "Agreed," said Rufus, quickly. "After dinner, I was planning on trying to increase the range of transmission of the plants." "OK," said Julian, usually the first to roll his eyes at Rufus's ideas. "And, since your dad's ice-phoenix made all that happen tonight, I have an idea about the jasmines." "Not my Dad's" corrected Rufus, "he was just taking care of it for someone. And I'd really like to hear about your idea, Julian." "Is that someone from Iceland, originally?" asked Julian, a thought popping into his mind. Rufus nodded, his black curls bobbing around his face. "And that's where Sam Potter went. And..." he looked between Rufus and Darren, "that's where the red amethyst comes from, too." 88888888 It was Thursday night. Hermione floo'd back to their home in Suffolk for what would be the second to last time as things were. She watched a group of teenagers walking down the street, chatting, mobile phones and speakers in hands, laughing at something. A curtain twitched in the house over the road, and then it was closed. A motorcyclist was slowly making their way down the road, the buzz of the engine louder than the cars on the opposite side. Those people. The people in the whole of Britain; the whole of Europe. If they were non-wizards – and Caelius had the last say over those who had limited magical ability, or were squibs – then by the end of Saturday night they would not know that a group of people lived amongst them who could do magic. Even tonight a lot of them were not aware even that legislation had been passed for this to happen. She closed the curtain, and flopped down on the settee. The television would do nothing for her, nor any of her usual distractions. Hermione had come to the conclusion that she was angry with the whole idea of this division, that it was immoral and cruel. Placing her head on her knees, she sat in the ever-growing darkness of the evening. Harry would be home soon, she thought. An early night would be a good move, and one the next night too. Anything to avoid thinking about the abhorrent action that she was a part of. Come Saturday, and heaven knows who would be there, at their wedding: her aunts and uncles were invited, her cousins too, all non-wizards. It would be like they would arrive at Avebury – for this was the stone circle nearest to their homes – and then be made to forget the reason that they had even come. Would they stand around, gaping at her, because they didn't know her any more? Would they ask about the wedding? Her parents had the extension til the end of the day: would they be heartbroken to watch their brothers and sisters be completely ignorant of their reason for being there? Any way you looked at it, it was cruel. A crackle in the fireplace made Hermione lift her head. It was Ron, and he was cheerfully reminding Harry that he was coming over later to watch the quidditch and the quibball matches. Even that was depressing, thought Hermione. Mrs. Lestrange had spent hour after hour perfecting a wonderful game and the players on the ground did not even know that they would never play it again. "You might as well come now, Ron," said Hermione, staring vaguely into the fireplace. "Harry should be home now; I don't know where he is." A minute later and Ron was standing on their hearth rug, smiling at her, a box of butterbeers in one hand and crisps in the other. "As I said, I don't know where he is," repeated Hermione, sighing as she got up, sighing with the effort. "I'll put it on for you." "Thanks," said Ron, flopping down into the seat that Hermione had vacated. "It'll be on after the news – are you all right?" "Just a long day at work," said Hermione, shrugging. "So much to do for this Separation, you know?" "Tell me about it," said Ron, amiably. "I was in at six, and we've been re-routing ever since. Anything that is related in any way to non-wizards; any public floo hearths, areas where portable floos can be set up – all have to be abolished, diverted or re-enchanted." He turned his head towards the television screen. "And, look at this: another accident! A huge pile-up on the A1M." "Accident?" asked Hermione, grimly. "You think they're accidents, do you?" "Why?" Ron frowned, a newly-formed line etching deeper between his eyebrows. "Because of the Separation, of course. Either the Ministry is doing things by accident in their haste to get things changed, and not thinking about the consequences, or it is causing them to distract from what they are doing." "You really think that the Ministry would do something like that?" "Caelius?" snorted Hermione, "honestly? Yes, I think Caelius would do lots of things like this, nothing too bad, but enough to interest the non-wizard news. A massive distraction from what they are doing and then, Sunday morning – bam! We are all living, hiding in plain sight and non-wizards have this vague idea about magic, witches and wizards, but shake it off and get on with their lives." "Doesn't sound much different to what a lot of them do anyway," said Ron, evenly. "Besides, mum says Caelius has not been well, recently, ever since he took that potion that they gave to Remus Lupin. So he probably didn't plan it. And - " he broke off, as a "Breaking News" report told of a motorway bridge collapsing over the M2 and a fire which had broken out in a shopping centre. Hermione looked at him, silently. "A pretty bad way to end the community of wizards and non-wizards," Ron said, quietly. He watched as Hermione moved slowly over to the wall in the kitchen. She turned back and over her shoulder said, "it's our bridge too; it's our A1M; it's our shopping centre." Then, she fixed her eye on the map. Ron sat forward, watching her. Hermione stretched out a finger and raised her hand in line with a glow that he could just about see coming from it. He got up, and went over to her. "Septimus Lupin is here," said Hermione, without turning round. "He's heading for the highest mountain in the Harz, where there is said to be a port key. He has been travelling around Europe with Severus Snape since Christmas and...and..." her face crumpled and she began to sob, "...because of Draco Malfoy, my parents won't know who I am after Harry and I get married." "There, there," was all that Ron could think of saying when Hermione burst into tears, her wracking sobs soaking the shoulder of his jumper. Lamely, he turned back to the television, noticing that the preamble to that evening's quibball had begun, and was really pleased when Harry finally apparated into the living room and he could hand her over to him. "What?" Harry whispered, as Hermione's sobs were beginning to slow down, as he held her close and rubbed her back. "Something about her parents, and the wedding, and, " he pointed to the map and then at Hermione, "something to do with Septimus Lupin, Severus Snape and a port key." Whether he expected Harry to just nod and smile at this information, Ron himself didn't even know, but he was shocked when his friend thrust Hermione from him, a wide smile on his face. "Then we have to go, don't we?" said Harry, in delight, holding Hermione's arms and capering about. "What?" asked Ron, truly lost. He glanced at the television, and then back to Harry, amazed that the quiet evening they had planned in the form of a bachelor party was not going as he had envisioned. "We have to go now, tonight, and we have to follow him, find out just where they are going, where they are heading!" "Tonight?" asked Hermione, her tears stopping, and her eyes widening. "We won't see anything at night." "Just the quibball," Ron muttered to himself. Harry turned, and beamed at his friend. "Hermione, why don't you get yourself some sleep, I can watch the game and we can be up early, before work, and we can go then." "Go where?" asked Ron, now truly lost. Hermione looked at Harry, and he led his friend to the settee. Hermione sat on the other side of Ron and, between them, they told him of their tracking down of Septimus, and where he had been in Europe. "Now we are sure that he has planned to do this, or he is following something. He wants to find his mum. The last time we saw him he wanted to head up to the mountains in the Black Forest. But, for some reason, he's changed his mind; he went north. And then - " "And then," continued Hermione, "I found out that there was a port key hidden at the Brocken. And, do you know what happens at the Brocken on 30th April?" "All the little fairies come out to dance?" "You know?!" Harry exclaimed, looking over to Hermione. "You know about Walpurgisnacht?" "Walpurgisnacht?" repeated Ron. "Never heard of it." "Well, you're almost right. At a place called the Rosstrappe, the devil is supposed to come out to dance with the witches." "A non-wizard folklore tale?" "Maybe," said Harry. "What would a port key look like to a non-wizard? Especially before Joseph Black's enlightenment, and the integration of wizard and non-wizard communities?" "Probably like...oh!" said Ron, his face full of realisation. "So you think this place, the Ross Trap, is a port key, and that's where Severus Snape and Septimus Lupin are going?" "Right," said Hermione, pointing past Ron and to the television. "You stay with us, then Ron, once you and Harry have watched the quibball – I'll make up the spare room bed." She got to her feet and now, her head full of plans and hopefulness, added, "don't be up too late, or you'll feel too tired in the morning." 88888888 "When did I agree to this?" asked Ron, as the early morning rays of light penetrated the kitchen window. Hermione had been up an hour before a grumpy Ron Weasley shook a leg, redressed and made his way blearily down stairs. "All I wanted to do was to kick back and drink some beer with my best friend who's getting married tomorrow." "And so you did," said Hermione. "And, if Septimus Lupin does find his mum and we stop whatever is going on then maybe tomorrow, no non-wizards will be befuddled, and maybe you won't have to work so hard in British Floo; maybe Sam will be found in time for the wedding and no charges will be brought against him. And maybe the befuddling of non-wizards will not take place. Now," she said, handing Ron a backpack containing food, water, a map and compass, "I know I said about the befuddling twice, but it is the most important bit." All through this, Harry said nothing, as he slipped on his walking boots and coat. He watched Ron's face change as Hermione spoke to him then, as she finished, tucked his arm underneath hers. "You don't have to come with us, mate," said Harry, as he squeezed Hermione's arm. "Seriously, we don't mind. We know you are supposed to be going to work today, like us. But we," he looked across to Hermione, who was going to be his wife tomorrow, "we are going. We aren't going to work, we are going to find Septimus." Stepping apart from Hermione, he reached for his backpack, shouldering it, and Hermione smiled at him. "You're serious," said Ron, incredulously. "You're actually bloody serious. Wow," he added, putting his hand to his face. "All that time...since Christmas, tracking Septimus Lupin?" Harry nodded. "And today's the 30th April. Walpurgisnacht." Harry nodded again. "Well, I'd better be coming along with you, hadn't I?" he asked, sullenly, "cos it's me they'll blame if you don't turn up to your own wedding tomorrow, won't it?" 88888888 A mist floated around the pine trees that stood, sentry-like on the mountain that was the highest in the Harz. It was hours yet before the little steam train which coiled up on a track from the town of Goslar would have its first oven-ful of coal stacked within its boiler, before even the first tourists of the day that would take it to the summit had even woken up yet. Even the squrrels living in the now-deserted USSR lookout post that once fiercely guarded the east-west border were rolling over and going back to sleep. But someone was awake. Some people were. And they were flying, not too surreptitiously, on a wide, sturdy broomstick just above the treetops. "It's them," said Hermione, trying to contain her excitement. "Harry," she said, turning to her fiance, "we were right, they are heading to the top of this mountain; they will be using the port key." "That's if it's there, Hermione," said Harry, "we can't make too many assumptions yet, Hermione." Beside them, Ron stood, saying nothing, but looking at the wake of the former Hedgewards Heasmaster and the young boy, the son of Remus Lupin and Cecilia. "Come on," Hermione said, taking a step forward. "We'll lose them if we don't get a move on." "OK," replied Harry. "Just let's put on a tracking charm and - " "No!" she shot back. "That's no good. Look, I know we did this before, but we need to actually follow them this time, not just see where they go. The port key – it's not detectable in any documents Strasbourg owns, although I don't exactly trust European documents these days," she added, "so we need to follow them, to find out exactly where they're going." "But," said Ron, "didn't you say something about a place called the "Ross Trap"?" "The Rosstrappe," said Hermione. "But we don't know they are going there, even if all the evidence does fit." "So, what are you suggesting?" as the Broadclad came to a stop a hundred yards in front of them, Snape lowering it and Septimus getting off. "They're walking up the Brocken," said Hermione, evenly. "That's what we should do, too." 88888888 And now, as the sun was well above the horizon, its rays enveloping the rocks on which they were standing, five people were standing not very far away from the edge of a precipice, not very far away from the edge from which Henrietta Edwards had been murdered by someone in the pay of Gellert Grindelwald. Harry, Hermione and Ron watched as Snape pointed to the rock near his feet, bald rock on which edelweiss and other rock-favouring plants refused to grow. "The Rosstrappe," said Ron, looking at Hermione. "You were right, Hermione." And then, to Harry, said, "if this happens, and they go, to wherever it is that the port key takes them, and we follow them, will you both get back for your wedding?" Before either Harry or Hermione could answer, Severus Snape had gripped Septimus Lupin around the shoulders with one hand, broadclad in the other as the fresh breeze of the morning suddenly began to move actively, and purposefully around them, picking at their robes and hair. Snape forced his foot harder down onto the rock, the maelstrom whipping around them tightly, as if they were being crushed together. Then, just as suddenly, it circled round them, and a crack of light burst from the air. And they were gone. Harry, Hermione and Ron said nothing for a long time, the disappearance of the two people that Harry and Hermione had been tracking for so long by a hidden port key meant that all this time they had been right, which mean this was no theory, no supposition: Septimus was actually going to try to free his mother. "We need to be ready," said Harry, after such thoughts had passed through his mind. "Whatever, or wherever we get to as a result of this means that we might need to fight and - " But, regardless of he was saying Harry broke off, watching Hermione approach the small ledge of rock that projected out into the deep chasm below, then he and Ron hurried over to her as she crouched down. An indentation seemed to be cut into the rock, long and oval, and another, a little further out, much smaller than the rest. "Freeze-thaw weathering," said Ron, after a few minutes' looking. "It causes problems with the floo, with old chimneys, especially," he clarified, when both Harry and Hermione turned to look at him. "And an ideal place, a natural formation, in which a secret port key could be set up," Harry continued, "only accessible on one day of the year." "Are we ready?" asked Hermione. Harry and Ron looked at her. "Are you serious? Are we really going to follow them?" "You don't have to, Ron," said Harry, almost immediately. "You can go back home and - " But Ron looked defiant at his friend's suggestion to quit, and returned Harry's look of pity with one of determination. He took a step towards the Rosstrappe. "Come on. Let's see where Severus Snape and Septimus Lupin have gone." 88888888 The first thing that struck Septimus Lupin when they arrived on the hard stone rocks outside the Durmstrang Institute was the quietness. And the coldness. But before he could take in any of that, Septimus found himself suspended over a precipice, the unwelcoming waves of the North Sea making their feelings about his presence known, as they slashed and thrashed against the rocks below. His handhold was not so good, he realised, as his mind was taken from the waves below and the distance to them, to the rocks in his hand. It would be reasonable to say that the landing due to the port key, despite Severus Snape's advice on that mode of travel, had been problematic. No, he considered, as his hand began to slide along the jagged rock outcrop, not problematic. More like mortally dangerous. Septimus closed his eyes, the journey, with his former headmaster from the bottom left-hand corner of Germany to the country's heart passing through his mind. Once or twice he had thought he had seen a crackle of life by a wall or a hedge as they walked slowly north west, and wondered whether his friends had tried to contact him again. And the swell of hope in his heart, that he was closer and closer to finding his mother grew each morning until finally, as Severus Snape gently rocked his shoulder that morning, Septimus felt that his heart would burst in his eagerness to get to where she was. And where she was, where she might be, was at the Durmstrang Institute; where she had been for all of those months, away from him. That was above him, and he was down here, with the writhing, mocking water below him beguiling him to let go. With effort, Septimus reached his leg towards the wall, which might, ordinarily, have caused it to lodge in the crack of a rock, and given him stability before trying to call out for help, from Professor Snape, from anyone, who could extracate him from his current precarious situation. But, as he swung forward, his hand finally lost its grip on the rock in his hand, his wand tumbling out of the waistband of his jeans where he had stowed it for the short, jolting journey. Septimus Lupin fell. But not down. For some inexplicable reason Septimus, as he braced for death, felt himself falling upwards and he was astonished to see the expanse of flat rock, onto which he had fallen when he and Snape had arrived, before a long tunnel flanked by flaming torches and trailing deep into the mountainside, come into view. As his brain replaced the idea that he was not going to die a painful death in the sea below, it searched around for Snape, to thank him for his rescue when he was confronted with the tall, white, almost ethereal figure of a woman. The expression on her face was one of concentration, as if it was with all her effort that she had retrieved him from the rock. And, as Septimus sat, breathless for a few minutes, on the hard, damp rock, it appeared to him that he had seen that face before. "I am glad to be able to save you life, son of Sissee Lupin," said Ragnhild Andersson, as she stepped forward, towards Septimus. "And you," she added, looking keenly at his face, "so like your mother; I always guessed this to be true." The wind coming in from the sea rushed through Septimus's hair as he got up from the crumpled position in which this woman, this witch, had put him, and he took a few steps towards her. "I'm so like my mother?" he asked, looking at her, curiously. And then, the thought struck. "You are so like your daughter." The woman's face broke into a smile, one which seemed happy, but there was something also not quite pleasant. The smile was baited, was tinged with something else. Quickly, Septimus looked around. Where was Severus Snape? He had certainly been with him when the port key had deposited him there. "Yes," nodded Ragnhild, approaching him, like someone approaching an injured lion. "My daughter does resemble me. That is something of which I am pleased and also, regretful. She stood next to him and offered him her hand. Septimus took it and she helped him up. A look of pain crossed her face and Septimus frowned when she pulled her hand back quickly. "And how is it that you know my daughter, Septimus Lupin?" "She was at my school." "Was?" "She..." Septimus wondered whether to go on. But the look in the woman's eyes, one of sorrow, one of regret, compelled him to tell her the truth. "She...ran away from Hedgewards. She got married to her boyfriend and they ran off together. To Iceland." Well, he was almost sure that was what Darren had said, during their last floo discussion three days ago, when he – Septimus – and Severus Snape were camping in a cave just north of Halle. "They got married," he added, feeling as if he might as well tell all he had been told. He waited for the woman to get angry, or do something, but instead she simply closed her eyes. "Ah," she sighed, "that is good; she is safe now." Then, opening them again, Ragnhild looked at Septimus again and smiled. "Thank you for telling me. Your mother said you were a good boy. And you are. But I did expect you to come by broom. I didn't expect Severus Snape to send you here by port key." "We came by the port key in the mountains in Germany," explained Septimus. And then the woman's words struck him. "Send me here?" "He is not with you, as you can very well see. But, I am glad that I saw you out of my classroom window." "Me too," agreed Septimus, shaking his head and still in shock at what might have been, then added, "Do you know where Professor Snape is?" "I do not," admitted Ragnhild. "But if he promised to bring you here, in search of your mother, perhaps there's a reason for it?" But, before Septimus had a chance to answer, three figures, seeming to walk effortlessly down throught the air stopped him. He waited for them to land, thinking about what he should say to Crystallia Brandt's mother about his own, then, on recognising them, called out to "Harry Potter!" and "Hermione Grainger!" "I'm not worth a shout out then, little Lupin?" said Ron cheerfully. Septimus blushed at this and added, "Ronald Weasley?" "You can call me Ron," said Ron, with a faux annoyed expression on his face. Yesterday he was questioning Hermione about the plan to follow Septimus and now he was here, standing in an exposed rock face outside what was undoubtedly the closest he had been to death he had ever come in his life. Ron dragged his eyes from the lashing waves below them and looked instead at the white-blue image of the witch who had been addressing Septimus. "Did Professor Snape send you? Only, I was with him..." "In a manner of speaking," said Harry, patting the boy on the back. "He had...something he needed to do. He asked us to come to the port key and look after you, wherever you went." He watched as Septimus nodded in understanding. "And you have come seeking your mother," said Ragnhild. The words were not a question, and did not invite an answer. Yet, after all these months, Septimus felt he should give one, and nodded, confidently. "She is gone...she was taken." "And she is not here," said Ragnhild, her voice like bells on a summer evening, giving out their message, clear, and cool. "Yet, I can show you the path that she trod to get to where she went. "Yes, please," Septimus answered, nodding keenly. "Yes, Miss Andersson." Harry and Hermione exchanged looks, ones which could be interpreted to mean confusion, and also of warning. Why had he been guided all this way, for such a long time if his mother was not at Durmstrang? Overhead the caw-cawing of guillemots and Arctic terns echoed around the cliffs, underlining the silence that was now so very obvious. Ron peered over the cliff, down the two hundred feet that plunged to the bottom, to the small, rocky bay in which a huge boat, similarly deserted, its red and white striped sail slung horizontally, was moored. He quickly looked up when he heard movement, and he followed Harry and Hermione, who were following Ragnhild and Septimus, through the passage, the torchlight flickering off the walls and lighting it, but offering no warmth, "Your father is awake, thanks to your mother's work," said Ragnhild, in a conveesational-like manner. "Thanks also to the work of Professor," said Septmus, looking along the passage, as the shadows seemed to morph into shapes, then suddenly unform. "And your great-grandfather's," she added, taking a left turn and heading up some large, curved steps towards an upper level. "What?" "Never mind me," said Ragnhild, stopping on one of the upper steps, turning to him. "The ramblings of an old woman. You have the wizard Constantin to thank – I believe you went to see him?" Septimus nodded. "Had you not been in charge of your mother's work, then Remus Lupin would not be on the road to recovery. Ah," she added, holding onto the handle of the door which led out onto the teaching corridor. Ragnhild turned the large round handle of the latch and then pulled on the heavy pine door. "My father...better?" repeated Septimus. This time, he turned to Harry, who smiled and nodded. Ragnhild, by contrast, did not. As they trod on the wide, stone block floor, the light from the window brightened up the corridor as the wind blew in with it. Ragnhild stepped forward lightly, her form, thin, pale, looking like tissue, translucent and it seemed to Septimus that if she were any thinner then tthe light would pass right through her. "Here," said Ragnhild, opening the classroom door. It was just as Cecilia had left it, as if she was just about to walk in herself and teach science. Glassware was lined up neatly in rows on shelves next to the roaring fire, which was still needed, even on the cusp of summer. Books lined another and, on her desk, glassware which formed part of a distillation kit that Septimus recognised to be like the one they had set up in the outhouse at Dalton Drive when he was younger. "The students here needed to know science to pass their examinations," explained Ragnhild. "Your Uncle Caelius arranged for her to work here, in exchange for her...safety." "Safety!" hissed Hermione to Harry, mockingly. "She was shoved here, out of sight, out of the way..." "Shhh," warned Harry as Ragnhild cast a cold, blue eye over them. Septimus, however, was busy looking at half-written parchments on her desk. "And she was coming home to me," he said quietly, "when she wrote these. She was coming to Britain; she was leaving here." "Yes," agreed Ragnhild, gently. "There was a ball. She attended, in the company of Lindvald Halen, who was a teacher here for some time. Who is now, currently, the head of Hedgewards School of Witchcraft and Wizardry when Professor Snape decided to accompany you, as you searched for her." "She was coming to be reunited with her husband," spat Ron, taking in Harry's expression. "Not that it worked out for her," he added. "Indeed?" "Well, she never made it. And, what with Harry's mum and everything, and now Sam..." "He was here, though, wasn't he?" insisted Septimus, earnestly, interrupting Ron. "He came to visit her...she told me, when I spoke to her. It was the reason she never gave up on the potion." Ragnhild said nothing, looking at Septimus with her pale eyes. "His father, he was here, wasn't he?" echoed Harry Potter, pulling out his wand and swiping it through the air. All watched as the image of Remus Lupin materialised before them, his sandy-coloured hair and beard now greying, but he was smiling, and every bit the image that Septimus had in his mind, along with his mother, every night, just before he went to sleep. "If that is Remus Lupin, then he waas never here, I have never seen this wizard before." "But..." "This is who came to visit Cecilia Lupin two years ago, to pledge his love for her." She then withdrew her wand. From her temple a small, thin wisp of cloud came away. She jabbed at it with her wand, as if daubing it into the air. At once, it began to show someone, a someone swigging at a bottle of potion, as he stood on the rocks just outside the tunnel, where Septimus had landed, and where Harry, Hermione and a reluctant Ron had followed. Beside him landed another wizard. Septimus watched as Severus Snape and his father walked into the castle of Durmstrang. "The wizard accompanying Severus Snape was Remus Lupin," explained Ragnhild. "He looked, to everyone who saw him just like the wizard you showed me, Harry Potter. Severus Snape accompanied him, and left him with his wife." She looked back at the wisps of memory, and raised a hand to it, lifting an index finger, placing it near the wisps, and stirred them around. The face of someone appeared before them, as the face and body of Remus Lupin changed, on the rocks outside the passage. He definitely was not Remus Lupin. "Is he not Sissee's husband?" she asked, to the faces of the young wizards, and to Setimus, who were all staring, shocked and unmoving at the person who was now, in the memory, looking around the rocks, looking for something hidden, perhaps? Looking for something lost?" "He said that he was," Ragnhild continued, her voice tinkiling with the words. "He spent the night with her. Sissee believes her husband visited her. However, as I soon discovered, he was not Remus Lupin, and the promises that he made to her, about a new beginning for them were false." "I am sorry, my dear," she added, making to touch Septimus on the arm, but, dragging back her hand. Septimus drew his eyes away from the image of Sirius Black, who had now found what he had been looking for and was now climbing down steps from the rocky outcrop, near where he himself had almost fallen that morning. "And, I am sorry to say, it was your uncle who contrived this. Your father was never here; nor ever could be, of course" She withdrew her wand again, and rearranged the wisps back into one long string, driving it near to her temple, where it gently absorbed back into her mind. Septimus looked back at the space where Sirius Black had once been, and then back to Ragnhild. He was about to try to ask a question about something...about anything. But, instead, Harry's voice filled Cecilia's classroom. "What...? That means...my mum..." Harry broke off, and looked at Hermione. "Remus...he was going to abandon his wife, and take up with mum." "We can't worry about that now," said Hermione, soothingly, taking his hand. She looked across to Septimus, who was standing silently, staring at Ragnhild. Merlin knew how he must have been feeling. "Septimus, she believed," continued Hermione, crouching low to him. "Listen to me, whatever we have just heard - " she glanced over to Ragnhild, who had now moved across to the window of the classroom, and was looking down to the sea. " - if this hadn't have happened, if...Sirius Black had not come...she would not have had the will to do what she did. She would have not worked on the potion for your father; she would have not worked against Conjurism. Believe me," Hermione added, "many, many more lives would have been lost, through terrorism, through murder, through - " But she did not finish. Clearly, all of this was too much for Septimus Lupin, and he began to cry, huge, body-wracking sobs. After everything, after all he had done, after all Snape had done for him, and he was here, now, where his mum had been, and now, he was being told, her reason for being there was a lie, one spun by his own uncle. Hermione opened her arms and gave him a hug, looking back over her shoulder and looking at Harry, who mouthed, "What now?" back to her, and to Ron. "And Lindvald was here, of course," Ragnhild continued, from her position near the window. "That is important, Septimus Lupin." She turned, and looked across to Hermione and Septimus, looking sorrowfully at him. "It is the curse of a Narratoveritum. The truth is very hard, sometimes. But, at the moment, it is necessary for you to know." She looked at Septimus and Hermione, and then across to Harry. "It is important that you know, especially you, Harry Potter. Come," she added, looking towards the door. "It is important you see where Cecilia Lupin walked her last here." Septimus looked up to Hermione, who took the boy's arm, and then across to Ragnhild. The look on his face was troubled, and he looked at Harry, urgently. "Miss Andersson," said Harry, standing firm. "I am sorry, I am not quite sure why it is you showed us your memory? And, you seemed to be expecting us?" "Yes, yes," nodded Ragnhild, her pale head, nodding in agreement. "And yet, I am not infallible. I was expecting Severus Snape with you. I believe he is later than I anticipated." She smiled. "Come. I must show you – I haven't a great deal of time for you to understand." She bent low towards Septimus and added, "your mother was a good friend to me, Septimus Lupin. When Lindvald Halen came..." she looked towards the classroom door. "Ah, that seems like only yesterday." She smiled to him. "You wish to find your mother, do you not?" "Yes," said Septimus, letting go of Hermione's arms. "Yes, I want to find her." They followed Ragnhild along the passage again, and up another flight of stairs. Into a large courtyard they stood and, before them, a wide flight of stairs leading to Durmstrang's hall. Septimus followed the line of the steps, to the archway in which the heavy, iron-studded door was set and then back to Ragnhild Andersson. "Your mother stood her last here," Ragnhild breathed, looking up the steps. "She had encountered the school's headmaster, as the dance ended, and the students went to their Yule." Septimus looked, at the door again, and the steps. And then a thought occurred to him as the silence surrounded them, the roar of the waves far below them distant and remote. "Miss Andersson, where are the students?" "Gone, it is the end of the year." "And you?" "Yes," she said, sadly. "I too will be gone. If, as you say, my daughter has taken up the mantle that was so long mine. I was once a Nerratoveritium, and as a result, my life span is accelerating. Although I have not yet told my final Seeing." She darted her eyes across to Harry, who was looking around at the courtyard. Hermione too, was looking and, suddenly, she siezed his arm, pointing to the stone carvings that surrounded the Hall's doorframe. "If it is true what you say, Septimus Lupin, that she had left Hedgewards...my darling Crystallia...she had gone with your brother?" "Yes," said Harry, uncertainly. "That is what we believe, at any rate." "She will be so happy with him...and this will hasten her abilities, she will have one daughter..." "How can you possibly..." But Hermione put her hand on Harry 's arm again as Ragnhild continued to speak. "We are descended from Perenelle Flamel, it is our blessing as well as our curse." Then she cast her pale eyes onto Septimus, making to take him by the hand, but then recoiling. "She is only seventeen," said Hermione, quietly. "I was only seventeen when I married Sigurd Brandt," replied Ragnhild, her eyes growing paler, if that were possible. "But she did choose, I suppose, to wait to become pregnant. That she is there in Iceland, and not living in a some abandoned cave somewhere, banished by her community..." "Now," the pale witch continued, shaking her head as if trying to return to their plane of reality, "now, my dear, if you follow me, you will want to see where your mother lived, where she did all that she did here." Ragnhild drifted forward, and down the steps again, taking the passage up which they had come. Turning left, they headed onto the teacher's quarters, Septimus following, wordlessly. But Hermione held Harry back from following them, and Ron drew to a halt too, looking furtively down the corridor. "Aren't we supposed to...?" "We'll catch up," replied Hermione, shortly. "Listen, Perenelle Flamel...do either of you know of her?" Harry and Ron looked at one another. "Well, there's Nicholas Flamel..." began Harry, but Hermione waved her hand and he broke off. "I read about her. She was murdered, a long time ago. But not here..." "What?" "Remember your book, Harry? "Harry Potter and the Story That Never Was?" "Will I ever get away from that book?" complained Harry, sourly. But Hermione shook her head. "Listen," she began. "Both of you. In that book, that most evil wizard, Voldemort, who sought you, Harry, murdered Perenelle Flamel, when he acquired the Philosopher's stone from Flamel. But, Flamel would never have been able to make it without the help of someone." "It sounds like you've been drinking something, Hermione," said Ron, shaking his head. "How can Ragnhild Andersson's ancestor and a fictional character in a book be linked together? And why is that important now?" "Because of where Cecilia Lupin came from," said Harry, suddenly. "Ron, I know you don't know much about this, but you know she was found in the Ministry for Magic all those years ago?" "Yeah, yeah, mum said she turned up on Sirius's doorstep one day." "Sirius, eh," said Harry. "Can you believe what we saw?" "Dunno," shrugged Ron. "Shook Septimus up a bit." "She turned up at Grimmauld Place, nearly twelve years ago," Harry agreed, nodding to Hermione. "That's because she came from somewhere else..." said Hermione. "Somewhere else? Like, France?" "Like, where Tabitha Penwright has gone to, through the veil and into the world of souls. Cecilia Lupin came from there when Tabitha disappeared." Ron stared at her as if she had gone mad. "So, what are you saying, Hermione?" "A link was set up, between her world and ours, somehow, for some reason." She looked between them, and pulled them closer. "Listen, I shouldn't even be telling you this, but, I think, under the circumstances..." "Spit it out, Hermione," complained Ron. "I already had plans for today, loafing around in the office, trying to do all the Ministry wants us to do with the floo network and knowing that it could never be completed by 1st May..." "There was a wizard, back in the past, called Herpo the Foul. That is what Mrs Lupin called him, anyway. Here, he was Herpo the Greek. He specialised in dark magic, and particularly magic that would lead to immortality. He created the veil, and it is believed he intended to use it to find other wizards working on the same magic." "Where does Peronelle Flamel come into this?" "Because of the Philosopher's Stone," Harry surmised. "Right, right," said Hermione, looking at Ron. "Had he not done this, we may never have developed the floo network. It works on the basis of suspending time between the two places of interest, and compressing space between it." "Sounds like science, to me," said Ron, dismissively. "Yes, exactly," said Hermione, looking between them both again. "And what did Cecilia Lupin do for a living?" "Teach science," said Ron. "But still - " "The wizard in the story of yours, Harry, Voldemort, also did this, and was using his immortality to spread terror and oppression around his world." "But it's just a story!" exclaimed Ron. "Mre Lupin wrote it." "That's not to say it isn't true," said Harry, quietly, looking at Hermione. "Lately, I have been thinking that the book was some sort of bluff. Aberforth said as much to me when I went to see him. As if her writing it would cause her to be discredited, but enough copies would exist for the truth to be hidden in plain sight." "And there's more," said Hermione. "The grave of the equivalent wizard to Voldemort, in this world, was disturbed at Christmas." "Probably foxes," said Ron, shaking his head. "Foxes who could unscrew a coffin buried for twelve years, remove some bones and replace it exactly where it had been?" "How do you know that?" asked Ron, incredulously. "Too much has passed across my desk in Draco's race to separate non-wizards from us. I read everything I'm given." "Ok, stop," said Ron. "Supposing what you say is true – is that why you're here?" Hermione looked at Ron, and then at Harry. "Do you really believe all this to be true? Look," he added, talking quietly, and putting a hand on Harry's shoulder. "I know it's going to be tough tomorrow, but - " "Yes," said Hermione, "I hate that this is going to happen. But, you were there at Christmas, Ron, when Septimus ran off with Snape?" He nodded. "I didn't set out to know all of this," Hermione said, quietly. "I just wanted to see where he was going, keep an eye on him. And, though he was in Snape's company, I thought it was pretty odd for an eleven-year-old boy to be wandering around Europe looking for his mother." "So you thought there was a plan?" "Not at first," Hermione admitted. "But it didn't seem as plain as Caelius made it out to be." "Nothing ever is," said Harry, quietly. "Yes," said Hermione. "So I set a tracking spell on him, to see where they were going. And he went to Beauxbatons, then through France, and then down into Germany. And then, I found out about the port key. I knew if they were heading there, then it would help them find Cecilia. "But she's not here," said Ron. "But she was," said Hermione. "It was the last place she was, before she disappeared. And Wolfgang Broeck had something to do with it – you heard Ragnhild, "she went with the headmaster." ". "But, Broeck is not the headmaster of Durmstrang," said Ron, suddenly, a light appearing in his eyes. "It's..." "Yes!" exclaimed Hermione and Harry, together, not daring to say his name. "So he has come to the right place, sort of," said Ron. "We'd better catch them up," said Harry, "if we want to get to the bottom of all of this. They found Ragnhild leading Septimus along a long, windy tunnel at the top of the castle. Neither the boy or the witch seemed to have noticed they had not been following them, and Septimus in particular was following her as if in a dream. "This was where Cecilia lived, when she was not in her classroom," Ragnhild explained, carefully, as she put her hand on the iron ring of the door latch. "She was not happy here," she explained, "she missed you most dreadfully. But, what kept her on her work was the hope that, eventually, she and her husband would be reunited, and that her work would help to overcome conjurism." Ragnhild opened the door, standing by it as they entered. Septimus looked round, at the bed, messily made, and a blanket lying near the fireplace. By the door, on a hook, was a blood-red cloak, the uniform of Durmstrang, worn by teachers and students alike. On her desk, papers, just like her desk at home. Even the drawer was ajar, as if his mother had just left the room, and would be back shortly. A flame flickered in the grate, green, lasting no more than a few seconds. From behind Harry and Hermione, Ron Weasley stepped towards it and crouched low, staring at it, with interest. Harry, meanwhile, moved towards the bed. The bedclothes had fallen to the floor. For some reason, he was compelled to lift them up and look under it. Next to the leg of the bed, his hand met a book. He pulled it out, staring at its green cover. "Take it, Harry Potter," said Ragnhild, faintly, "you will need, much sooner than I thought." "Miss Andersson," said Hermione, firmly, "what do you mean? What are we going to do? We chose to come here; we were not asked to." "I know that!" Ragnhold swung round, her eyes flashing with rage momentarily, Septimus jumping at the witch's ferocity. "I know it; I know everything! I have seen it, I have seen everything, everything that is really true, everything that will come. I bought my freedom, temporary freedom. A respite," she paused, breathing heavily, as if exhausted with the effort of speech. "I bought Crystallia a place of safety, where she could grow up in peace and with care. I paid for it with service to Caelius Lupin. Now," she sighed, closing her eyes a little. "Now, it's over. I knew when you all came it would be. No more will Caelius demand this of me in return for my daughter's protection." She flicked her eyes towards Harry. "All will come right for Sam Potter; he will fulfil his dreams in every aspect of his life." "He will?" Harry frowned, looking down at the book in his hand, and then back to Ragnhild. "Yet you, Harrry, your path is different. You have a lot to do, in a short space of time. You may not have time, Harry Potter to complete all that is very vital, for you to do. But it must be done, if what you want to happen, the end of conjurism, the end of oppression, the end of segregation!" Stop! Stop! Harry wanted to scream at her, but something was stopping him, stopping him from opening his mouth, stopping words from forming. "What are you..." began Hermione, but she too was cut short. "You worked it all out," said Ragnhild, softly. "What a mind, what a mind. Your family will be proud." And then the witch's eyes looked towards the fireplace again. The flame sparked and jumped, like a Will 'o the Wisp. Without saying anything, Ron bent towards the fire again, extending his hand into the hearth, and then onto the bricks around the grate. "There is only one person I know that can set up a permanent link between fireplaces that have been severed from the main floo network," said Ron, slowly. "Who was it that spoke to Cecilia Lupin here, who would have managed to find an alternative connection. "Please, Miss Andersson!" exclaimed Septimus, urgently. "Where is my mother?" At this, Harry, Hermione and Ron all turned to stare at them. Septimus was staring at Ragnhild, willing her to say what it was he so depserately wanted to hear. "Hermione Grainger, can you tell me where you think the students and staff of this school are? Think carefully now, for you have seen everythng you need." Septimus turned to look at Hermione. What was it that she knew? "The oppression of non-wizards," said Hermione, slowly, thinking of the curriculum of the school, thinking about the stone engravings by the Hall door. "That is taught in the school; that is institutional. Tomorrow, non-wizards are to be forced to forget about wizards, and we are going to live in secret. They have..." she looked at Ragnhild, "...they have gone to help?" "Specifically?" "Somewhere...in the ministry? Somewhere...that is like them, that may defy the Act of Parliament?" "Where might that be?" Hermione closed her eyes, thinking where a castle-ful of students, educated to believe that wizards were superior may go, whose minds they needed to change? And her mind lit on a place, full of children, happily being taught differently to the Durmstrangers, compelled to take non-wizards..." "Hedgewards?" Harry felt his mouth open. The Durmstrang students had gone to Hedgewards to assist the Ministry? Ragnhild sank back a little, wobbling on her feet a little and breathing deeply. Then, she looked at Septimus. "You already know, Septimus Lupin, you already know." "But I don't!" he shouted back, rage filling his head, pooling behind his eyes. "I don't know where she is!" And then Ragnhild Andersson reached forward, looking down at Septimus's hands, and seized them, holding them firmly in her white, delicate, cold ones. At once, images flashed though his mind, of a dance, of a wizard, of a time long ago, or far away, or maybe close. And another, with a wizard, kind, and firm, with long fingers, and chestnut-brown hair who had taken herheart, and taken her hand and given it to another wizard. Of a place, far away, like a fairy tale, where his mother lay, in a beautiful blue dress, snow coming down around the mountains as this wizard stood over her. But she was not hurt, she was just... And then the room that was where his mother lay dissolved into this one, as Ragnhild, her hands to her head, screamed, her body bending and writhing as the contact with Septimus had overwhelmed her. Harry made to go to her, but Hermione pulled him back. At the same time the wizard from his memory of his mother strode into the room, looking at Ragnhild for a moment, before stooping by her, supporting her body. "There, there," whispered Severus Snape, comfortingly. "It is nearly over, nearly over." Ragnhild looked to one side and into Snape's eyes, giving him her hand. "Have you done it yet?" "Yes," managed Ragnhild, between ragged breaths. "All. All of it is done, and - " she sighed, falling back to the cold, flagstone floor. "Is she going to be alright?" asked Harry, "she - " but Snape gave him a look of warning. "She will need to recover...she has a cruel, cruel gift..." he looked across to Harry. "My - daughter will inerit this - " she gulped for air, " - when my granddaghter - comes of age...do you think – Harry Potter – that your brother will not abandon her?" "There now," said Snape, soothingly and Ragnhild smiled at him. "You came...in the end...my mind is clear...unless I am mad...I may be, or it may be the light..." "Do you have your watchstone?" Snape searched her neck for the red-crystal necklace. "Taken...by Lindvald Halen...at the appropriate time. I knew he would...this gift is such a curse." "I will stay with you," said Snape, taking her hand as she sank into his lap. "You have been so brave, Ragnhild Nicolasdottir, so brave." "But, I need to do thing...Severus Snape," she panted. "When I have told my last, when my time is spent...take me home...to be with her...am going to be with her." There was silence as Ragnhild closed her eyes. Harry and Hermione were holding hands. Septimus had taken several steps back when the witch had begun to scream. But Ron had gone back to inspecting the fireplace. "I know where we need to go now," he said, "I know where your mother is, Septimus, or at least, where she will be. And - " he knelt further into the floo, putting his hand to the back and moving something about. Then, he took out his wand. A blue leap of flame came out of it and ignited something at the back, causing the green flame to glow bigger, filling the whole of the space of the fireplace. Septimus crossed over the floor to him, and looked at Ron Weasley, expectantly. "Where do we need to go?" "Wherever I have set. But, I don't think I can connect here to there. I need something that will be a physical contact from here to there. But - " Ron tapped himself down, in true engineer-style, as if a lost object will appear by just hitting your clothing. As he did so, Septimus put his hand to his throat, feeling his friend finder grow warm under his hand. He glanced down and looked at it. All three of the segments were glowing. His friends were trying to contact him. Unconsciously, Septimus put his other hand into his trouser pocket, his fingers curling around a small packet. He withdrew it, holding it out in his hand. "Floo powder!" exclaimed Ron, with excitement. "Yes, I need some of that! May I?" Reluctantly, Septimus held out his hand. The floo powder that his mum had given him peeped out from under the screw of paper. Yes, he thought, as he looked at it. Yes. His mum had given him this, and it was his mum he was trying to find using the floo network. He stretched out his hand to Ron. "Here," he said, expecting Ron to take the lot. But instead, he took only a pinch. "Harry, Hermione. Are you coming with us to wherever Septimus is going?" "Coming with you?" asked Hermione, incredulously. "You never even wanted - " "Now's not the time," hissed Harry to his fiancee. "Yes, yes." But Septimus looked back to Severus Snape, who had kept him alive for four months as he searched Europe for his mum. "You want to see your mother again?" he growled, taking Ragnhild's limp hand. "She will be at the ministry within an hour." The floo nudge was the biggest one Ron had ever attempted. At first, he thought they were all being transported to a fireplace in the grounds of Hedgewards, and he had partially withdrawn his wand and declared, "Ministry!" at the top of his voice when he, Harry, Hermione and Septimus all changed direction. On the cold, hard floor of Ceclia Lupin's bedroom at the Durmstrang Institute, Severus Snape pulled an unconscious Ragnhild Andersson into his arms. Just as the flame began to contract he stepped into the hearth, the last Aloysius Lupin's floo powder propelling them in their wake.
The man was getting closer now. Tabitha Penwright, already with the memories tethered together, large, small, dense and opaque, nebulous and translucent, watched over her shoulder as he gained ground. Was it too much to hope for that he would by slow down? That he would somehow halt his gait as he bounded over, and through, memory after memory? She was so near to finishing all that she needed: indeed, another memory was, even now, coalescing with one on her right. They had been doing her job for her now, as if by increasing mass common memories were being attracted, like gravity. Yes, thought Tabitha, as she leaned down into this one, she was on the money here again, for here again it was one of the new marauders who was there, pacing excitedly across the dew-covered grass that late April morning. It surely wasn't too late, though: no; that prediction had yet to come true, of light like fire, and walls like ice. She looked on. It was Darren Black now, she knew, who was heading towards the broom store at the bottom of the hill on which Hedgewards stood, Darren Black who was letting himself in through the old door, and now Darren Black whow as standing in front of the fireplace, moments later after having been successful in contacting their friend. "Did you speak? What did he say?" Julian Scott as he and Rufus had found their way down minutes later. "He said he was going to Durmstrang, using a port key, to find his mum." Tabitha shrunk back, if that were possible in the fourth dimension that she was in, against the brooms. So there was still time, though barely so. She had thought she may have overshot the 30th. Yet, he was not with her yet, so there was still time. "It's Saturday," she heard Rufus say. "You don't mean you're going to spend all day at the greenhouses?" asked Julian, just at the edge of Tabitha's hearing. "I've nearly finished. I don't think it'll take all day," said Rufus, thoughtfully, his curly, dark hair bobbing in the early morning breeze. "I'll need Dorielle." "We can get her after breakfast," replied Darren, picking up the pace back towards the castle, a paper bag in his pocket containing floo powder weighing heavier than one might supposed for a hanfful of dust. "I'm starving." 88888888 A message came to the fireplace of the headmaster of Hedgewards. Lindvald Halen, his chestnut hair glowing in the candlelight, arose from his chair and made his way over to it amid the tuts and other disapproving noises from the portraits overhead. Ignoring them, including the outraged ejaculation of Armando Dippet at the cheek of the man, Lindvald nevertheless waved his hand in front of the fireplace, allowing the image of Pierre Pfimlin to appear. "I just wish to discuss the matter about which you were informed several days ago," said Pfimlin, his voice clipped and indignant. "You could start by ceasing the attack on me of your edgestones." "I have no control over the edgestones," explained Lindvald, calmly, "and your letter did reach me. I am sorry, Monseur Pfimlin, if it is about the matter of integration then a I am afraid we have nothing to discuss." "I do not believe – ow! - that you understand the gravity of – ahh! - the situation," Pfimlin pressed, clearly attempting to avoid the stings from the inanimate stones. "The instruction from the European Ministry is - ahh! - just that: an instruction. An instruction – ahh-ahh-ahh in law that you grant me access – ow! - that is to say, entry into the school to discuss it. Ahh! Bloody things!" he added, cursing as an edgestone near his ankle had got his trouser leg. Lindvald turned, glancing at his ice phoenix. It really was a unique bird and this time it had really surpassed itself. Once, long ago, he had promised himself that, once he had got himself a home he would get a parrot. That was before he had become interested in the bottom end of the Department of Mysteries. The ice phoenix would more than make up for what he lacked, parrot-wise. It had enhanced the tempers of each little edgestone to the presence of foes and, right at that moment, he couldn't think of a more appropriate person on which to test their effectiveness. "We are choosing to veto the directive," Lindvald replied, casually. "As noted in the fundamental tenents on which the wizarding lore of Europe was founded: educational establishments are under the jurisdiction of their founding member state. And Caelius Lupin chooses to exercise the veto. Were you not informed?" The green glow faded and a small smile swept across Lindvald Halen's features. Now time to inform Caelius Lupin: Pfirmlin would never take his word on this matter. It was not a case of if Hedgewards was to be purged of non-wizards and memories altered, but when. With any luck Caelius's deep, long plan, set in motion many years ago, would come to a successful close in enough time to keep the European Ministry from causing serious harm. 88888888 "You were supposed to be with him!" snarled Caelius Lupin, too weak to rise from his chair at the Ministry, a place from which he had barely moved in the last week. Severus Snape said nothing for a moment, then sat down before the Minister for Magic. "I did what you insisted I do," said Snape, "according to the plan. I have spent the last three months accompanying the boy all over Europe. I went with him as far as was agreed - " he jabbed a finger in the direction of the Department of Mysteries. "As far as your friend in the north advised. I just did not know the port key would not take me there." "But he will come back to you," said Caelius. "He must." "Then I had better be in a position that he can," said Severus Snape, getting to his feet. "He is in the Department of Mysteries as we speak, as are Ragnhild Andersson, Harry Potter, Hermione Grainger and Ron Weasley." "They all used the floo nudge in Cecilia's fireplace." Caelius's neck levered his head down. He needed rest; he needed food. He had time for neither. He also needed to take medicine, the medicinal potion that Snape was even now putting before him. Clumsily, the werewolf siezed the bottle, uncorked it and slugged back the wolfsbane. He would feel better in a few minutes. He also knew that someone else needed it. "Taken, this morning, with his breakfast." Snape answered Caelius's unuttered question. "It can't be long until the wizards get here, too, to claim what they believe to be theirs." Caelius nodded again, swallowing against the bitter taste of the potion." "The non-wizard reciprocators are still outside?" "I believe so. I saw Petunia Black leading a group of people around the block. They are peaceful; they are just making a point." "They will be practically encouraged," said Caelius, restlessly. "We need as many witnesses as we can to the events that will unfold." With that, Snape wordlessly strode from the Minister's office and back down the flights of stairs that would take him to the Department of Mysteries and Septimus Lupin. 88888888 "We raided the cottage and there was nothing there, not even the cellar," Dumbledore growled to his lover, who was now pacing around an oval rug on the ground floor of the chalet. Gellert Grindelwald, who had had such a cool demeanour over the whole of their plans right from the start, was walking heavily, every so often training his wand at an object, book, or artefact and blasting it to smithereens. "However, there were traces of non-wizard floo powder," Albus Dumbledore continued. "Then, the conjurists raided the Mysteriour office, and we found this." He leaned back for a moment, missing a blast from Gellert's wand that shattered a rare, ancient crystal from Greece. It was true that he had not come up with as much as he hoped. But the book was special; it was the key to everything. Grindelwald took it from Albus's unptotesting fingers. "...now in the possession of the Dark Lord...interesting reading." he said, all trace of sarcasm removed from his tone. This put a new complexion on things. Their whole plan would have to change. It had to switch to the one with the traitor. "Thanks to that incompetent Penwright, all manner of secrets have been exposed, namely the one which Albus Dumbledore devised with the dementor and the Department of Mysteries. Ha! Don't you see, my love?" Albus did see, and he let his lover caress his cheek with his fingers. "Dumbledore has been so careless...he has lost Hogwarts; he has lost his position as Chief Mugwump. He has now exposed his plan by trusting that idiot Mysteriour. It is not over, my love..." he gesticulated to Cecilia's book, which he shut with a "snap". "It has only just begun. Now," he added, throwing the book to one side. "As well as the Third," he pointed his wand to the mezzanine level where still Cecilia was unconscious, "we will need the help of Lucius Malfoy and that rat of a man Pettigrew. " Now that was not a memory Tabitha intended to see, and one which was decidely...confused. And yet, it made sense as to what was to come, and why the battle had moved from the Order's decision to be at Hogwarts to the Ministry. Tabitha Penwright pulled her head out of this new cloud which had added to those which had already joined. This was special...unique. It described what had happened already, which was exactly like the ones already here. But they had not been thought in her...time...these had been thought – and carefully stored...elsewhere. "We have all of the non-transmutable objects, Gellert; our allies are in position," replied Albus, wishing that the crystal from the Necroplis Temple of Apollo had not been destroyed by Grindelwald's temper. "And, more importantly, all we need now is to contact him." "Caelius Lupin will not like this," smiled Albus, effortlessly. Above them, Cecilia Lupin stirred. Her mind, harvested of all she had provided them, was emptier now. Empty, and clear of clutter. For she was needed, and so was her strength. She was to be taken to the Ministry, as her subconsious had so often heard the lovers discuss. And then her fight would begin. 88888888 Nymphadora Tonks gratefully took a cup of tea out of Molly Weasley's steady hands. She had known that it would be a busy week, but had not anticipated it to be so busy. Fridays were always the worst and despite the fact that there was supposed to be protetion for wizards, it was worse than ever. Conjurists had been on streets, one group of teenagers in particular hounding non-wizard family in Godalming. Just as she had settled onto the settee, closing her eyes and nursing her hands that early in the morning, shouts came down again from the bedroom above. "They've been at it all night," sighed Molly, sitting down next to her. "I mean, I'm glad that they are getting it all out in the open; James is going to be at Harry's wedding, and I can understand that he wanted to sort things all out with Sirius. But it has been pushing seven hours now." "And there's not been a sign of a truce?" asked Tonks, sadly, Molly shook her head. "But, it has got a bit quieter; maybe it nearly - " Molly's words were interrupted by the shattering of something above them. "OK, I was wrong," said Molly, closing her eyes. "I for one am just going to wait for Arthur to come back and then we're heading off. I need to get my dress sorted for - " another crash, this time bigger and its destruction making Sirius hurl back a string of abuse at James, " - Sunday. You aren't staying, are you?" "I was," said Tonks. "I can usually get more sleep here than at home. But now?" " - I am not angry about Lily, I am just disappointed!" they heard James scream back. "But now, once I've finished my tea I'm off," she said, shaking her head, sadly. "...I have an appointment in the Ministry tonight, under the agreement of the role I took. And what did you do? Ignore my shift allocations; send anyone off anywhere." "Yes, you and your "Head of the Reciprocators" role," sneered James. "Tell me why you were given it?" "I was here, doing shifts!" shouted back James. "Where were you?" "I was recovering in hospital," said Sirius. "You were with Henrietta!" James shouted, accusingly. "I do not deny that I encouraged her to work in the European Ministry," Sirius shouted back. Tonks and Molly exchanged a look once more. "No, before that. Hen was killed by them. And you encouraged her to be a Conjurist." There was silence for a moment, before James added, "and just what was your role with Remus, going to Durmstrang? If he and Lily were as inseparable as you claim for four years, why did he go to reconcile with Cecilia?" "Remus never went to Durmstrang, James." Sirius's words were blunt and to the point. "Yet - " James nursed his head in his hands. "I know that he did. I know that he - " "Someone who looked like Remus Lupin reconciled with Cecilia, in order to keep her in her place there, give her hope. But it wasn't Remus." "Caelius?!" asked James, incredulously, sinking down onto Sirius's bed. "No," replied Sirius. James turned his head, in disbelief. "I took polyjuice potion. I talked to her, soothed her, loved her as one may imagine a husband would. I wanted to keep her quiet, or it would have blown the whole thing out of the water." "What whole thing?" "I may have colluded to keep the truth from you, James, Lily may love Remus, but that love...was not like my love; she can never love him like I do...like I did..." Sirius bent his head into his hands. "If I had not gone to Cecilia...she may not...she loved him, loves him still if she is still alive. I cannot prevent that. But if he had dumped her, look...she would never have completed her potion." "She would probably have jumped off the cliffs at Durmstrang," said James, darkly. "And Remus would have never forgiven himself, and us..me and him..." Sirius remained bent, his head in his hands. "Caelius would have told Remus last year if I hadn't agreed to do this for him. And I would infinitely prefer Remus's friendship never knowing how I feel about him, how I have always felt, than awkward silences, avoidances, a ruined friendship." After what seemed like a long time, James rested a hand on his friend's shoulder. "Thank you for being honest with me, old friend," he whispered, quietly. "It took a lot of balls to tell me. Now I must go. If there is any word of Sam, or from Sam, contact me. There is something I need to do." "What?" "I have to make her happy, for Harry's sake. For our sake." "Where will you...?" But it was too late. His friend had disapparated, leaving Sirius alone. 88888888 In the very depths of the St. Mungo's the dark-loving vampire hunter was disturbed from his work. Constantin looked up as James Potter apparated before him. With slothlike slowness he put down the ampoule of potion that he had made and looked at James with an interested expresssion. "Ah, the wronged husband," Constantin whispered, as if talking any louder would interfere with the potion he was making. "Explain to me how this will work, sir," said James, pacing over to the wizard. "He needs to be well, then Lily can be happy." "Ah, ah, it is very simple," replied Constantin, gesturing to the ampoule of potion he had made. "He just needs this." "Is that it?" asked James, dismissively. "It was bought for a high price," corrected the vampire hunter. "Septimus Lupin believed it was worth a good deal in priceless artefacts developed by his mother." "And then that will cure him"? asked James, as his mind considered the irony that caused Cecilia to even try to help her own husband, given the circumstances that Sirius had just confessed to him. "Then, he needs to take the second potion at a time of great energy," emphasised Constantin, his tiny frame filling the vast, dark room. "This will eradicate all of the vampiric parasite. But...will he be able to last until then, that is the question." "Until then?" asked James, his tired brain trying to keep up. "The solar eclipse, in October, six months away. Only that huge burst of energy as the moon passes away from the disc of the sun will destroy every vampiric parasite." "And if it doesn't?" "Ah," breathed Constatin, a smile playing on his over large lips. "Ah, if he does not. If he does not then I believe Caelius Lupin will employ me in my primary role. For, if the first potion does not stabilise his condition then, I am sorry to say, that Remus Lupin, human, will be replaced by Remus Lupin, vampire."
