What the hell happened here?! The better part of 5 years had passed since the battle of Hogwarts. Years of fighting evil wizards had taken their toll on the young men. That´s why they decided to travel a bit before starting their Auror-training. One thing led to the other and instead of spending a couple of weeks in South America they spent entire years traveling the world. Now they have returned and were looking forward to seeing their family and friends again. It was Sunday afternoon and the two best friends walked towards the Burrow with anticipation. From afar they saw people pick-nicking in the garden. Harry unpacked his binoculars from his rucksack and looked at the party. Ron had a look at them as well. He could make Luna Lovegood, Ginny, and surprisingly Pansy Parkinson out, he also recognized George playing with several small children. Two of the children had blond hair, blue eyes and fair skin, he bet they were Luna´s. The red-haired one with the freckles must belong to Ginny and the remaining two toddlers, a boy with dark skin, clearly fathered by Blaise and a girl with black hair must be Pansy´s, who was holding a small baby in her arms. They moved closer not knowing what to think of the image before them. Secretly Ron was pleased that his Hermione was not part of this gathering. George was the first to recognize the two war-heroes. He ran to them and hugged them each, that draw the witches attention to the new-comers. Luna and George seemed genuinely happy to see them again while Pansy was fighting the impulse to say something inappropriate in front of her children. But Ginny was a fierce witch and her patience was running low. "What do you think you´re doing here?! How could you have not once sent a letter?! A couple of weeks?! It has been 5 long fucking years!" "sorry, we were kind busy and…" "And what?! You forgot to tell your family and girlfriend?!" "Is that your kid, Ginny?" Harry asked pointing to the little redhead. "No, it is not. Little Fred here is Pansy´s and George´s little war-is-over-celebration accident. Those are mine." She gestured to the black kid and the little blond boy. "I thought that was Luna´s." "No, the black haired is hers and Neville´s." "I hate being pregnant. I spent most of the time in the bathroom. Never doing that again." A clearly pregnant Hermione just appeared in the doorway. Ron had shock written all over his face. The witch looked at their guests in a way that could make a basilisk jealous. The young witch was upset and furious. Her bushy hair was even more wild than usual. She picked up one of the children, a blond girl, which was far from simple in her condition. "Come on, Rose we have to go home. Girls, we´ll see each other next week at my place. Have fun." "Are you sure that is your child?" "No Ronald. I have a habit of taking home some other people´s children and no one including my husband seems to bother, the perks of being a war hero." "You wouldn´t mind taking your grandson with you." "Of course not, Ginny." "Grandson?!" "My children spend Mondays, Wednesdays and with their fathers-" "Fathers?!" "-and Sundays, Tuesdays, and Thursdays with me. We usually spent the Saturdays together at the Quidditch-field and on Sundays, it is just us witches, we rotate hosting those play-dates. Yes, fathers. Funny story… I spent a great night joining Blaise and Draco in bed and my twins are the result of that. Lucius was rather pissed. But at least I am pureblood. That still counts for something. He knows his son lacks interest in witches, Blaise is a lot more flexible in this matter, anyway the big bad death eater is just happy to have a grandson and heir at all. Also, it is just so entertaining to watch dad and him try to be civil because they now have a common grandson." "And Hermione?" "What did you expect Ron?! That she waits forever when you ignore her letters? And when she and Draco returned to Hogwarts…" "Hermione and the ferret?!" "Have you been just listening at all?! Of course not! But just because you are just as unable to see her worth as a woman as Draco, doesn´t mean nobody else will and when she and Draco worked on a project they started to spent a lot of time in the great library of Malfoy Manor and the Lord of the Manor did take notice of her…" "She fucks Lucius Malfoy?! Arrg" "They are married Ron, it was all over the news, worldwide, for Merlin´s sake!"
I never meant to update this story, but here I am trying to study for my zoology-exam (the one I really have to pass, this time) and now I`m full of ideas. So there will be more updates over the summer. I have still no idea as to where this story is going... Hermione and Lucius in need of Ice-cream Hermione stepped thru the fireplace. With her last ounce of self-control, she put Rose and Scorpio down and told the cute little girl to look after her nephew. The small children ran off and the young witch let out a groan of desperation. Sparks were flying and the air was ionized. "OUCH!" Lucius Malfoy received an electric shock upon entering the foyer. "My love, I swear I`ve instructed Miss Weasley on exactly which biscuits to provide. I was under the impression she understood the importance of my request." The ex-death-eater said submissively. "Lucius!" the witch shouted and ran to him and tried to hug her husband but the proud aristocrat was much taller than her and with her pronounced belly she just couldn´t reach around his neck. She instantly started sobbing. The older wizard tried to shush her, wondering whether something had actually happened or his wife had just one of her moments. Hopefully, this pregnancy would be over soon. Hermione settled in the parlor and accioed a big bowl of chocolate ice-cream. The dark wizard paused in the doorway contemplating whether he ought to comfort his wife or running away as far as possible was still an option. Hoping she would at least share the ice-cream he sat down next to her. Hermione wiped the tears from her cheeks and shoved a big spoon full of ice-cream into her mouth. "I know, I´ve promised myself to never ever cry again because of those two idiots, but they can´t just come back life, as if nothing had happened,- say ah." Lucius spread his mouth and the younger witch shoved a spoon into it. "- it´s not like we weren´t affected by the war. We had to live with it, I had to live with it as well! And now they expect me to be happy that they came back and disturb my well-ordered life!-" "I´m going out." Draco entered the room and informed his father and stepmother. "Don´t be out for too long and don´t drink too much we have to work tomorrow and don´t bring any random blokes home!" "Yes, mom." "Your son is still not taking me seriously." "My son was also supposed to have grown up by now." "As if dealing with him wasn´t hard enough… with Ron and Harry back-" Draco reappeared in the parlor, he sounded excited. "Did you just say Potter is back! The great Potter with his scar and his broom? Where was he the entire time? I bet he just couldn´t get laid and was too embarrassed to admit it. You think he knows I knocked up his Ginny? I need to find him!" With this, the young wizard flooed out. Now it was Lucius sobbing in Hermione´s lap. "This was supposed to be long over. I cannot go thru it all over again. You have no idea what I´ve been thru all those years. I hex Mr. Potter personally to the Bahamas…" "Here have some ice-cream." She shoved another spoon full into her husband´s mouth. "I mean it was always Malfoy is a death-eater here, Malfoy is the hair of Slytherin there. Malfoy is getting us caught. Malfoy this, Malfoy that. I ended up brewing polyjuice in second year." "What?" Her aim must have been terrible, her well-bred pureblood had chocolate ice-cream all over his fair skin. She moved closer and licked it off. And there he was thinking that begging to the dark lord for the life of his failure of a son had been disgraceful... Hermione does the same with their daughter. Must be one of those disgusting muggle habits, a simple swish with her wand… "I`m not Rose!" "Of course not, love." She said petting the dark wizards head absently. "I shall send a letter of complaint to Narcissa it was clearly her bed influence, Rose is such a good girl." "MOMMA! HELP ME!" "That might be a little premature. We should postpone that." The couple rushed to their little one following the girl´s cries to the grand entrance hall. Little Scorpius was sitting on the floor giggling. Looking up they found Rose many feet above the ground swinging on the massive bronze chandelier. The little girl was scared and crying loudly. "How did she even manage to do that?!" "Magic?" "They aren´t supposed to show until their about 7 years old. I`ve read all the books before she was born. That´s not supposed to happen!" "Rose does not appear to have gotten the message." "Get her down there!" "Why me?" "Because she is your daughter!" "She is yours as well." "I can plausibly deny that." "Where are you going?!" "The bathroom!" "And how am I supposed to get her down safely?!" "I don´t know. You´re the big bad death eater, figure it out!" "Wingardium Leviosa."
I finally passed my zoology exam and it´s holidays so real life shoudn´t get in my way anymore. (at least for now) Three Broomsticks Ginny invited Harry and Ron to the Three Broomsticks to a Butterbeer or two. After 5 long years, no one seemed to take notice of the two war heroes and Madam Rosmerta commented on Ginny being a lucky girl for having found two attractive wizards to spend the night with, without recognizing them. The boys spurted their drinks over the table. "Blimy Ginny, you´re not some kind of scarlet woman?!" "Yes, I am. A witch needs to have some fun." A wizard walked by the table and kissed Ginny on both cheeks. "Ginny, good to see you. And there I was hoping we could spend the night together." "Not tonight, Dave. Better luck next time. See you around." "You're not fucking that guy!" "Every now and then. He´s gotten quite good. I taught him well." Ron was about to say something harsh about his baby sister´s flamboyant sex life when Harry intervened. "I take it, you´re not married then?" "Merlin no. I mean my children do need their fathers but I don´t need a husband. Mom keeps pushing me to marry one of them, at least for appearance sake. Luckily Blaise knocked up some muggle and is in the middle of an unprecedented tricky fight over custody and Lucius knows that marring his openly gay son of to a Weasley will hardly improve his standing in society. Also, they´re both such sluts." "...and you´re not, Weaslette?" Draco joined them and Ginny got up and gave him a hug. "Guilty as charged." "So, it´s true then. Potter and Weasley have finally returned. How lucky. What did you do all those years anyway?" "We traveled the world by broom and couch-surfing. We played Quidditch with the people we met. It was great." "You played Quidditch? That´s exactly what Ginny does. By the way, I got your girlfriend pregnant, jealous potter?" Within a couple of seconds the three wizards were standing, their wands out and ready to attack. Ginny sent a bunch of stinging hexes at all of them and told them to sit down. Harry changed the subject by inquiring about Hermione and how she ended up being the ferret's stepmother. Ginny explained: "One might think the advantages of marrying Lucius Malfoy are obvious. He is rumored to be well endowed, good looking and this whole bad boy deatheater image is a big turn on. He is also filthy rich, powerful and can be quite charming if he wants to be. But you know Hermione. She was charmed by his knowledge and understanding of complex … stuff. They over a year discussing politics, economics or the newest potions and other things no one but them could possibly find interesting, in his library, I swear I thought she had moved in there before they had gotten together and then things went pretty fast. Instead of having kinky sex with a deatheater as every normal person would do, she spent another afternoon in the library, when Lucius handed her a wooden puzzle-box. He watched her squirm for about 40min until she solved it and found a ring, with a super-rare stone, which name I quickly forgot, in it. They married 3 weeks later in as mall ceremony. My entire family, including Charlie minus you two, Draco, her parents and even Narcissa were there. Another funny story, as a direct consequence of said wedding Percy, renounced our family once again, he now goes by Mr. Black. Anyway not nine months after the wedding little Rose was born. The irony, of course, is that now my own parents think I should live my life more than Hermione. They tend to overlook the fact that she married Lucius fucking Malfoy." A wizard walked by and Draco smacked his butt the other wizard smiled back. "That´s disgusting." "Blimy, How could you allow `Mione to marry this monster?! Dad can´t be OK with this." "We didn´t object to their union. Hermione wasn´t miserable anymore and we´ve already lost Fred and you two. Our parents wouldn´t do anything that could mean losing Hermione as well." "I will fight for her!" Ron exclaimed and apparated away. "You didn´t tell him," Draco said with a smile on his face. "Tell him what?" "Oh, I forgot to tell him what happened to the last lunatic who wanted to save Hermione from her evil husband. I know Ron, he won´t learn his lesson otherwise. Anyway, Hermione might have hexed his balls off." Draco instantly crossed his legs and Harry covered his crotch with his hands. "Come on guys. It was really funny. You should have seen the Malfoy men, both of them flinched at her every movement for weeks." "Yeah, Mione can be pretty scary," Harry said. "Pretty scary? You haven't seen her pregnant. Last time Lucius brought Scorpius over, he ended up staying for dinner with my parents and Mrs. Zabini. Apparently, survival chances of dining with the 'black widow' are better than going home to his wife. If you still think Hermione is 'pretty' scary consider this. Lucius Malfoy, Voldemort´s former second in command stayed afterward to enjoy drinks with my muggle loving dad." "OK. Maybe there is a chance that Malfoy Sr. is not abusing her. I should talk to Hermione." "You can stay at my place or are scared, Potter?" "You wish, Malfoy."
Morning at Malfoy Manor The following morning at Malfoy Manor: Hermione and Rose made their way to the breakfast table to find a hungover Draco and Harry waiting. "Oh, Harry! If you liked Draco, you could have told me. I wouldn´t have judged you. I´m so sorry that I hadn´t noticed it sooner." Hermione said and hugged Harry who wanted to protest. "We didn´t –" Lucius entered the room, he scanned the area and found his son sleeping on the table. He summoned an ancient encyclopedia and dropped the heavy tome onto the table." "Father!" "What did the lady of the manor say about nightly visits?" "Potter isn´t a quote 'random bloke'." "We didn´t even –" "Well, in that case. Mr. Potter, I expect you to court my son properly." "We didn´t –" "When do you two plan to explain to my ex-wife that she will not be getting a pureblooded son in law?" "WE DIDN`T –" "Where is your son?" "What?" "Go upstairs and get Scorpio ready for breakfast." "But father, can´t you just…" "Definitely not. I was looking after your child yesterday. You only have to be a father for 3 days a week it is hardly that difficult. Now pull yourself together. If you can drink then you can also work." Draco got up and ten minutes later rejoined them with an overly excited and joyful little boy. Lucius handed Hermione and Draco each a file. "I only gave it to you yesterday, when did you have time to go over my work?" "You know your father, it is already half past eight. He got up a couple of hours ago, otherwise, he couldn´t get his workload done. And so do I, by the way." "Merlin, you two are really the most boring people around." "Draco!" There was a knock on the door and a well-dressed elf lead Ron into the room. The red-haired wizard had his wand out and was ready to throw some curses when he recognized the dark-haired wizard. "Harry? What are you doing here?" "Oh, hi Ron. Wanna join us for breakfast?" "Sure mate." "10 Galleon on a quick wedding before Yule," Lucius stated. "Nah, I bet it takes Harry forever to pop the question," Hermione answered. With a clap in the hands, breakfast appeared on the table. There were eggs, bacon, wild rice and broccoli for everyone. Scorpio threw a little piece of the green vegetable at Draco. Hermione was busy cutting Rose´s food for her and did at first not notice Draco returning the favor until Rose started giggling. "Draco! No food-fights will be tolerated on my table." "Yes, Mom." "Now stop picking and eat your vegetables." "Why do I have to eat broccoli? You know I hate that stuff. What kind of people eat broccoli for breakfast anyway?" "First of all, you're now a father. You have to be a role model. Secondly, you hate everything that is green or even remotely reminds you of vegetables. So eat your broccoli or I swear I force feed you." "Father! Do something! Your wife is mistreating me." "Draco! Eat your vegetables." Ron started laughing. "You Ronald will eat your broccoli as well." The young Weasley went silent in an instant. Harry eagerly swallowed the green stuff under Hermione´s scrutinizing gaze. Rose stared at Draco. She used her little silver fork and picked up a big chunk of broccoli and ate it with pleasure. When she swallowed the last bit her eye´s met again with Draco´s. the little girl held her head high and smiled proudly. Draco stuck out his tongue. "Draco! Be nice to your sister." "It´s not my fault! The little snitch is mocking me!" "Draco! Stop blaming a three-year-old for your lack of table manners. Rose has been nothing but delightful all morning while you… well, you were yourself." They finished their meal and Hermione and Draco were about to leave for work. "You work?!" "Yes, Ron I do. I may look like I swallowed a whale in whole but I still fit thru the door. There is really no reason for me not to work." "But what about Rose? Mom never worked." "She´s coming with me of course." "You can´t bring your child to work!" "I believe Ronald, that I know better what I can and cannot do. I have a desk job and for your information, Rose and I make a great team." "What´s wrong with you?! First, you become a deatheater's mudblood whore than –" Ron never got to finish the sentence as Hermione already hexed him. Harry grabbed Ron´s arm and dragged him out of the house. Hermione started to cry. Lucius shushed her. Looking at the grandfather clock the witch realized she was a little late. Hermione tried to pull herself together which wasn´t working. Damn those hormones and now she needs to go to the bathroom. That thought made her cry even more. Who cries because they have to go to the loo? Lucius looked at his little girl. Rose looked confused. "Promise me to look after your mother. She is having a rough time." Rose nodded, not sure if she really knew what to do. "Because of the baby." "And because of those two idiots." The former deatheater explained and kissed her head.
St. Mungo´s Ten minutes later, Harry and Ron were sitting in the reception area of St. Mungo´s. Ron had a huge red nose, green hair and gigantic yellow blisters which oozed blue juices when touched all over his body. Other than the fact that he looked terrible those body-modifications turned out to be quite painful as well. Harry buried his face in his palms. People stared and they were leaving a blue trail in the entrance hall. "What the hell were you thinking, Ron?!" "Sorry mate, I didn´t mean it. But why did she have to marry Lucius fucking Malfoy?!" "You have to apologize. This time, you really went too far." "I know, I really do but it is just so hard to accept and you know what is worst? She doesn´t even look happy or did you see her laughing?" "I don´t know, but how much can you laugh if you had to teach the ferret table manners?" "Mr. Weasley to room 322." Arriving there, while leaving a blue trail the two wizards opened the door. "By Merlin, Ron, Harry? Is that really you? Long-time no see. What happened to you?" a familiar voice inquired. "Susan? How do you do? You´re a healer now." "Yes, I am. What could you have done to warrant an assault like that? Did you upset a witch?" "Try 'death eater's mudblood whore'." "No Ron, you haven´t said that, have you?" "I´m sorry." "Well, you´re lucky to be still alive for what it´s worth…" "Her daughter was present," Harry explained. "That explains a lot. I honestly don´t know how much I can do about your situation. Hermione knows some nasty curses, plus curse damage is not my specialty but I don´t think you´ll have any lasting effects once the curse wears off." "Blimey, can´t you just do something about the pain." "Take this potion, Ah and Harry how are things with you and Malfoy Jr.?" "What?" "You were seen together leaving the three broomsticks it was all over the prophet." "We´re not –" "He´s still a git, but a beautiful one. I shouldn´t tell you that, it´s unprofessional. But if he steps out of line, just threaten him to show him your vagina." "What?!" "You know I´m a healer specializing in witches health, many feel more comfortable with a mediwitch. So I was naturally there when Ginny gave birth to her twins. Both Blaise and Draco rushed to the hospital. But while Blaise was allowed to wait outside, Mr. Malfoy made Draco go inside the birthing chamber to hold Ginny´s hand, something about taking responsibility, he said. I did warn Draco, that giving birth might be a little disturbing especially for wizards. You know Draco, he was just too curious for his own good. Well, the end of the story is, that while he used to be simply not attracted to witches he now finds them disgusting or at least parts of them. A shame his father did so well when Rose was born… a lot better than I did for what its worth. No wonder that man must have seen horrors… I wonder if I´ll be all alone when this little one get´s born" "You´re pregnant?" "I did date a few guys, but with my education and everything. I guess I just couldn´t find a wizard I wanted to spend my life with. This is ok, I mean we´re still a young and so. But I´m the last of the Bones and I wanted to keep my family alive. Also not having given birth is a big handicap in my line of work. So I talked to Pansy, you know her baby was fathered by some unknown muggle. I bet she doesn´t even know the names of the possible fathers, I think she just wanted to piss off her parents. Anyway, I didn´t want to do that to man. I mean you two would surely want to know if there was a little one with half your DNA, that´s what Hermione called it, was running around. I started to look for help and found an older French wizard who was willing to assist. I agreed to spend 2 weeks annually in France. It was a good decision, I feel liberated from the burden and now I can freely look at wizards that interest me. So… when you feel better you could ask me out." Susan said in a flirtatious tone to Ron. "Sure, why not? I won´t forget it… you don´t happen to know where Hermione works?" "Of course I do. She works at the ministry at the creature department. Although, Hermione is currently busy with the Zabini case." "Thanks, Susan. You´re a lifesaver." "No problem guys. Ah, and before I forget it, harry, you might want to drop by your relatives as well." "Why?" "Spoiler Alert."
Ministry Ron and Harry entered the Ministry of Magic at the phone-box. It was the nearest entrance, but due to Ron´s injury, it still took them a while to get there. There was also a clear trail of blue fluids leading from a seemingly abandoned shop to the red phone-box. "Remove your shirt." Harry urged his friend. "What?! No! I won´t run bloody naked thru the MoM!" "You have to. You´re leaving blue stuff everywhere. Unless there is some evidence as to where it came from we´re risking exposure to muggle." Reluctantly and under heavy cursing the red-haired wizard undressed. They left his dirty clothes in front of the phone-box visible to muggle and entered the building. Ron´s face now matched his red nose. Standing in the queue in nothing but his slips and socks they waited for their turn. "We´re here to apologize…" "Room 304." The older witch at the reception said with a raised eye-brow. "You´re not asking who we want to see?" "No need to. You look humiliated and still wear St. Mungo´s bracelet but appear otherwise unharmed. You´ll find Madame Malfoy in room 304." "Thank you." People stared at them. Yet no one was kind enough to offer Ron his robes, probably because he was still oozing blue pus. They found Hermione´s office. The blond girl in the hallway in front of it playing with enchanted dinosaurs was a tell-tale-sign. The two wizards moved closer but before they could enter, Rose obstructed the door. Harry instantly backed off. The small child had a look on her face he knew all too well. Despite her size, she looked just as terrifying as her mother does. Ron pulled his wand out of his underwear and pointed it at the young witch. Rose looked even more determined. "Ron! Stop it! We´re here to apologize hexing a child won´t save us." "Fine! She is so tiny, we could simply lift her up and walk thru." "I wouldn´t do that." "Malfoy! What are you doing here?" "Working. Father just owled this contract… I couldn´t find anything wrong with it. Tell Hermione to double-check it for me." "Why don´t you give it to her yourself, git?" "because I don´t want to go against my baby-sis." "You´re afraid of a baby?" Ron asked almost as if it was a dare and pushed the girl aside. BOOM! The red-haired flew against the wall and Rose started to scream loudly. "I told you," Draco said and ran away. "Git." "What is going on here!?" Hermione screamed, her wand pointed at the two wizards who were once her best friends. Rose immediately hid behind her mother. She only wanted to save her mommy from those bad wizards. "Tell her we aren't bad wizards," Harry demanded. "You hurt my mommy." "It´s ok, little one," Hermione said and lifted her up and placed her daughter onto her chair. "What are you two doing here anyway?" "We came to apologize…" "Sorry `Mione. I didn´t want to call you a 'death eater´s whore'." "Mommy? What´s a whore?" "You two! Out now!" "Blimey `Mione. We did just apologize." "You did a terrible job." Hermione yelled shoving them out of her office. She threw the door. There was a loud 'bang' and Rose flinched. The witch warded her office and sunk down. Sitting on the floor she buried her face in her hands and cried. Rose hopped off the large office chair and joined her mother. Unsure as to how to proceed, tears fell from her big blue eyes as well. The young girl leaned her head against her mother's shoulder and petted her clumsily. "I can take care of you, mommy. I´m already 3." Determined not to burden her little girl, Hermione tried to get up. It was complicated. She crawled to her desk and dragged herself up. If somebody else than Rose had seen her… Harry dragged the half-naked Ron away from the office ignoring Draco´s laughter. "What were you thinking?!" "I did apologize… if it wasn´t for that monster kid of hers… It´s Croonkshanks all over again." "I´m not sure if that´s the same…" "I´m telling you. This child is pure evil. No wonder, considering who fathered it. Merlin´s ball´s, could you imagine fucking that slimy old snake, disgusting?" "Snakes are not actually slimy, they are warm and muscular and beautiful…" "Aww. That´s so gross. As if you and the ferret are not worse enough… I never wanted to know about your sex-life. Blimey, what do you see in him anyway?" "What? I´m not sleeping with Draco! AND I'M NOT GAY!" Harry shouted thru the entrance hall. Everybody went silent and stared at them. "Sure mate, whatever you say." Harry let out and frustrated groan.
Sakura Lisel, My idea was that on the one hand Harry feels guilty for abandoning Hermione and he is still Harry Potter and feels responsible for everything. Also, in my head, the scene was a bit like when a parent says 'Don´t you want to say something?' when they expect a child to say 'sorry' or 'thank you' and not so much that Harry was actually apologizing, but more making sure Ron actually does. As for Hermione: she is simply not her most rational self and does not want to deal with them so she throws them out. I´m sorry, I couldn´t write it understandable. Spoiler alert: Hermione will come around eventually. I already have an (happy-)ending in my mind I'm just not sure as to how many chapters it will take to get there, because when you´re having a rough time, you´re friends and family will collectively be particularly difficult to deal with. In that sense: I hope you enjoy my new chapter. 21.10.19: I`ve slightly changed this chapter. The devil is in the detail. Grandmother Granger Having calmed down, Hermione sent a note to her parents. She took Rose and a big textbook titled 'Genetics' by Russell and the handbook of genetics volume 4 & 5 and flood home. She rushed to her daughter´s room and started to pack. Rose was trying to help but the witch was not in the mood to deal with it and was a lot more annoyed with the girl´s efforts than usual. Lucius who just finished packing for his upcoming business trip joined her. "I hope you are not expecting me to take our little one to Greece. I cannot see her enjoying drinking with my business partners." "You drink too much anyway." The former death eater looked alarmed. "Don´t worry. I was dropping her by at my parent´s. I just can´t have her around right now. Ron and Harry could drop by trying to apologize at any moment." "You don´t know that for sure…" Hermione slapped him. "Sometimes I forget what an a- a- … you are. They are my best friends! Of course, they want to make up with me! How could you say something like that!" Her husband wiped the tears from her cheeks. "I just do not want you to be disappointed. We are still talking about Weasleys." "You´re impossible." While the elder Malfoy checked his documents, Hermione took Rose and apparated them to her parent´s house. Since they have gotten her note, Hermione´s mother was home while her father was still busy in their dental surgery. The tiny witch was excited to see her grandmother, at least half as much as seeing all the electrical devices. Rose hugged her grandmother and ran straight into the living room and started to play with the tv. "Hi mom, it´s good to see you." Mrs. Granger led her daughter into the kitchen and started to prepare tea. "I was hoping you could take care of Rose for a couple of days…" "Isn´t that the job of your nazi-husband? Or is it beneath him to parent his half-bred child? Perhaps he is simply too busy torturing innocents?" "Mom, please. Not today." "I just don´t understand why you married this bigot. You used to surround with good people. I still remember Harry and Ron…" "DON´T MENTION THEM!" There was a loud crack and the teacup burst leaving porcelain shards all over the kitchen floor. Hermione flicked her wand and the mess sorted itself. "I´m sorry," the witch said crying, "pregnancy hormones and all…" "I thought you were over them." "So did I. But I need an answer right now. Do you want to spend time with your granddaughter or should I tell Rose you don´t and she has to go to Athens with my death eater husband? I´m sure Rose would enjoy business negotiations just as much as playing with you." "You can´t just expect me to step in every time your husband has other priorities." "My husband isn´t the problem here. I´m currently under a lot of stress and would like to know that my daughter is safe. And the last time we saw each other you were complaining about not seeing her enough." "I did, but that doesn´t mean you can drop her off whenever it suits you. I have work to do." "So do I. we all work. Having a job is hardly an achievement. I don´t complain that much when you make me clean your oven. All I do is, ask you once to help me out. Rose is a good girl, she eighter accompanies Lucius or me to work. She won´t make any trouble since she can play by herself, also you have a waiting room full of toys." "For you, it´s just a tiny spell. I would have to scrub for hours." "A spell, that took me weeks to develop so it wouldn´t damage the electrical devices," Hermione added "Fine, but what if she says something weird…" "She is still only three years old." "OK. But don´t you think it´s a little early for you to have a family of your own, you´re still young. You should focus on yourself, your career and date nice guys your age. Don´t you think a family could wait for 10, 15 years, I would have retired by then and could help you out. Also, I´m way too young to be a grandmother…" "Well, technically not-," Hermione said holding her hands over her very pregnant belly. "Don´t you think it´s a little too late to have this discussion? Also, all of my friends have started families of their own. We fought very hard for a little peace. And if you have a problem with your role as a grandmother you should talk to me." "I love Rose, I really do, despite her father. It´s just that all of my friend´s children are graduating from university, have fun partying and start careers. My friends go out with their children and on short trips. We only go to the playground babysitting… we´re having friends over for BBQ and wine on Wednesday, you should join us they haven´t seen you in ages." "Fine, I´ll be there. I´ll also tell Lucius to pick Rise up as soon as he returns."
Dinner at the Burrow In the evening they met up for a family-dinner with Ron´s parents at the Burrow. George who had moved back with his parents after his twin brothers death and Ginny who enjoyed her mother´s support with raising her children were present as well. Molly hugged the boys tightly. Tears were running down her cheeks. "I´ve missed you soo much. Don´t do this ever again to me Ronald!" "Sorry, mom." "It´s ok now, come in. Ginny set the table. Your father is coming home any minute." "Why me? Can´t George do it?" "I´ve already degnomed the garden," protested the one-eared wizard. "Enough! Look, who finally came home." "Hi harry, and who are you? Red hair, hand-me-down clothes, you must be a Weasley. Could it be that you´re our long lost brother? What happened to you? Did you get lost?" "Not funny, George." Arthur returned from work and the six of them gathered around a huge amount of Mrs. Weasley´s home-cooked food. "How was your journey? Have you been to muggle places as well? Are muggle in other places different from our domestic ones? Have you seen my new items? This is an iPod, makes terrible noises. Muggle use it to ward off dangerous beasts when they run thru forests…" "Arthur! Not now! We´re eating." "Sorry love this it too exciting." "So Harry, is it true? You and Lucius Malfoy´s son? I thought you hated each other," George asked and Arthur nearly choked on his food. "Does Lucius know? If he threatens you, you don't have to fight him alone. We will always support you, Harry, no matter what. You know that." "He actually seemed rather supportive but we´re not-" "You have to talk to him, Arthur. He is far too tolerant about those things. Ever since he divorced there is a real divorce-epidemic going on. When we got married there was still an understanding of responsibility." "What has the world come to? There is mom once again complaining that Lucius Malfoy of all people is too liberal. You should be grateful that it´s now socially acceptable to separate since it means that you and dad are still together because you want to and not because there is no other option. Or do you secretly want to get rid of him?" "I´m staying with dad," George announced. "Mpf, of course not, I love your father." The two wizards enjoyed their food particularly. Has it really been five years since they last tasted Molly´s cooking? "We met Susan Bones at St. Mungo´s," Ron stated. "You had a baby without telling us?!" George asked. "Not funny, anyway, she asked me out. Which is kinda weird, because she´s pregnant with another wizard´s child…" "Your generation has no sense of propriety." "Your lucky about that," Ginny started, "if she hadn´t yet solved her bloodline-issue she would have never asked you out. In case you haven´t noticed you're not exactly marriage-material. You don´t have any NEWTs, work experience or a job-" "He can work for me," George decided while examining Ron´s blisters, "That´s wonderful, children will love it!" "George! Stop playing with your brother´s blisters. I´m not too old to hex you. Who taught you manners?" "Apparently no one." "-Also, you have never lived by yourself and I bet your domestic skills are still terrible and to top it off, you abandoned your family for 5 long years. You didn´t even send a letter! We didn´t even know it something had happened to you if you are still alive!" "Ginny! That´s enough! My Ronekins has come home, that´s what´s important." "That´s so unfair! You keep complaining about my life´s choices but Ron made yo cry every night, for months. I made sure you didn´t suffer from empty nest syndrome! But now it´s ok because Harry and Ron have returned." "The war was hard on them. It´s time to move on." "The war was hard on all of us! I´ve lost a brother too! We´ve had to deal with it all, while they simply ran away. They never had to listen to their family cry themselves to sleep." Swallowing the Shephard's pie was impossible for Harry. He didn´t know how hard it was for everybody. How could he? Voldemort was dead. That was what was important, wasn´t it? Molly stroke his back. "It´s ok Harry. Eat your pie. I also have some dessert prepared. You two can sleep in Ron´s room I haven´t changed a thing." "What about Percy´s? His room is bigger." "It´s a nursery now."
4 Privet Drive Harry apparated to an abandoned road near Privet Drive. He looked around but as expected no one was near and therefore no one had discovered the young wizard. He took a minute to let the dizziness fade and walked to his relatives' house. Seeing the familiar surroundings weight heavy on his heart, he had never thought he would ever return to this place. Yet, here he was. Harry was curious about Susan´s implications, but he wished for Ron´s support, they´ve done everything together for so many years. Unfortunately, he couldn´t bring him due to his condition. Oozing blue puss onto his aunt carpet wouldn´t do any good to their already damaged relationship. The walk to the house he spent the worst years of his life in, and Harry had experienced a lot of bad things, felt much longer than he thought it would. Suddenly he was on the front door. What does one say to people you haven´t seen in years and were never close to begin with? Damn it! They have to make up with Hermione she would have thought things thru in advance. He only wanted to spend a couple of weeks abroad and ending up traveling the world for years. God, most of the time they didn´t even know what month it was. Time difference, Ron had claimed. Being a Gryffindor, he could not back out now that he was here. Harry took a deep breath and rang the doorbell. It took forever, or at least it felt that way until the door was opened. Dudley was standing in front of him. He was still big but had lost some pounds and looked much healthier, fitter and, for a lack of words, better in general now. He was wearing a blue shirt and a black pair of corduroy trousers. "Harry? Is that really you?" Before the young wizard could answer, his muggle cousin took a step forward and hugged him tightly. "It´s so good to see you. I´ve missed you so much," Dudley said kissing Harry´s cheeks. "Your timing is perfect as well, Mom is preparing tea right now. Come in." Harry was completely dumbfounded. What the hell happened here?! He was barely gone and Hermione married the enemy, Ginny has a child with each Draco and Blaise, Pansy got pregnant by a Weasley and a muggle and Dudley Dursley had missed him. Dudley opened the cupboard and placed another set of tableware for Harry. Aunt Petunia walked in and placed a big cake on the table. She cut three pieces of cake and offered Harry the biggest of them. The wizard took a fork of chocolate cake and asked were uncle Vernon was. His aunt let out a sob and hid in the kitchen. Looking at the framed photo of his uncle hanging on the wall, Harry realized the man must have passed. "I`m so sorry, I didn´t know," the wizard said trying to rescue the moment. "It´s OK, Harry. You knew my father, he was never living healthily and was always stressed out and choleric. One day his heart simply couldn´t take it anymore… I´ve been trying to lead a better life ever since." He said proudly. "Were you expecting a visitor?" Harry asked pointing at the forth plate on the table. "Oh, that´s exactly what I wanted to talk about with you." Dudley retrieved a small blush blue box from a drawer and showed it to his long lost cousin. Inside was a white-gold ring with a sizable brilliant-cut diamond. Its shine was captivating. "I´ve met a beautiful witch. We´ve been together for almost 18 months. I want to propose to her on our anniversary, but I know very little about wizard culture… I was wondering if you could help me." "Sure-" The bell rang. Dudley quickly hid the ring and Harry promised to owl him. Petunia meanwhile opened the door. "Harry? What are you doing here? I`ve heard rumors about your return." "Cho? What do you want with someone like my cousin?" "Said the one who is seeing the infamous Malfoy hair." "We´re not-" "You two know each other?" Dudley asked. "We were in the same dueling club…" Cho explained. "Until your best friend sold us out." "To your boyfriend. We got closer after my Cederic was murdered." "Wait! Cedric? That name sound´s familiar. Harry was always screaming his name at night. Are you two telling me you had the same boyfriend? Wizard culture is so wired." "It wasn´t like that-" Harry tried to explain but the Asian witch cut him short. "It was a very long time ago. What´s important now is that you finally found your cousin. We should celebrate. You could have told me though that your cousin is Harry Potter." "Why? Is he a big deal among your people or so?" "I just defeated Voldemort and so on…but you know, no big deal." "We are a small people. Everybody knows everyone," Cho explained. "I see. It´s all because you attend the same school. A toast to Hogwarts then."
Family Malfoy „How did it go?" her stepson asked as soon as she returned home. "A lot worse than usual. One might think that after 5 long years they have gotten used to the idea of Lucius and I. speaking of the devil, where is your father?" "In his office correcting my mistakes. He doesn't agree with my business strategy." "I could have told you that. Anyway, my mom suddenly decided she didn´t like being a grandma. I frankly don´t see her problem. I like it and I`m babysitting Scorpio all the time." "Speaking of him. Now that my sister is annoying your mom, you could watch over him for me." "Definitely not," Hermione insisted. "But you're his favorite grandmother." "No that is Molly." "But she isn´t his actual… Oh wait, it was the other way around. I keep forgetting I had a child with a Weasley." "If you don´t stop upsetting me I might have another accident." "You had an accident? What happened?" "I burst porcelain," the young witch admitted reluctantly. "You had a case of accidental magic? Merlin, Hermione this is bad. Witches don´t have such instances by the time they become old enough to carry a wand. Or is it the other way around? You know those phoenix-ash-problems…" "I know but there is so much going on right now with Harry and Ron, my pregnancy and my mom was being difficult… talking to you I can certainly understand her worries. Who wants to constantly watch their grandchildren when raising your own kids was hard enough and it´s now their turn." "Nice try. How did you persuade her to take Rose?" "I simply told her that if she didn´t want Rose I would tell her and my death eater husband would pick up the shards." "Nice move, one might think you have a little Slytherin in you," the blonde wizard commented. "It´s actually quite huge," Hermione said stroking her belly. "Argh, I never wanted to know those things about my father, that´s so disgusting. Although, I can´t say I´m surprised. Thinking of my own cobra I would say it runs in the family." "What?! I was talking about your unborn sibling, you pervert. Not that your father has anything to complain about in this department… Has it ever occurred to you that normal people are not constantly talking about dicks?" "It´s not my fault. I´m underfucked." "Aww, Draco! Stop being so crass! And shouldn´t you be telling Harry this instead of me?" "I´ll send him a howler." "I don´t think that's a good idea…" "But mummy!" "What is going on here?" the Malfoy patriarch asked as he entered the room. "Your son does not want to talk about our sex-life. Unfortunately, he´s a lot less discreet when it comes to his own." "Why is it always my son when you have a hard time teaching him manners?" Hermione raised a brow in a very Malfoy-fashion. "Argh, you´re not still doing it, are you? Come on Hermione, he´s sooo old!" "Draco!" "It may come as a surprise to you, son, but witches do not get pregnant from kissing." "Your father isn´t too old," the young witch said blushing. "How is your courtship progressing, son?" "He was about to send Harry a howler because your son is I quote 'underfucked'." Lucius tilted his head and inhaled thru his teeth. "It appears customs have changed drastically since I was your age… you have three child-free days a week and I might not be completely opposed to having your adored over for dinner. That is, of course, only in case young Mr. Potter´s table manners a significantly better than yours." Hermione smiled and kissed her husband on his cheek. "Thank you." The older wizard grunted. He shrunk his luggage. "I have to go," he said walking towards the large grey marble fireplace. "You have to say goodbye to your family first." "Do I?" "Yes, you do," the younger witch insisted. The dark wizard turned around cupped her cheeks and placed a kiss on her temple. He moved his flat hands over her pregnant belly. "I´m looking for his head," he explained. "You know, we might have another daughter." "We can´t. the nursery was already painted in blush pink." "I´m sure a baby-girl wouldn´t mind, we don´t live in the 20s anymore." "Hm, you did marry a conservative wizard," he answered going onto his knee and kissed his wife´s belly. "Be nice to your mother. And in case anything occurs… I am all but an emergency-portkey away." "It´ll be fine. You´ll only be gone for a few days." He nodded and took a handful of floo-powder. "Haven´t you forgotten to bid farewell to your other child," Draco added to the conversation. "I have seen Rose off before she went to her grandparents´." "Yeah, because Rose is the only other child you have." Lucius walked up to his adult son and cupped his cheeks with both his hands and kissed his head. The young wizard stood there disturbed and petrified. His father took a step back and nudged his finger on his nose. "Do not cause your mother any more trouble." and with that, the former death eater vanished thru the fire-place. Hermione had a hard time suppressing her laughter. "Argh, what was that?!" "You asked for it… the more pressing question is what are you going to do about Harry? Hopefully, you´re not still considering the howler." "Do you know how good his table manners are?" "Harry is not bed mannered per se, but his relatives mistreated him, so I don´t think he has a lot of experience with formal dinners. And I don´t think Lucius will be nearly as forgiving with him as he is with you during breakfast…" "I think I have an idea," Draco said leaving the room.
Ron at work Ron´s day started early, a lot earlier than usual. He was still tired when George dragged him to Diagon Alley to his shop. The only other people around were other shopkeeper preparing for the day just like them. George, of course, gave Ron the 'house-elf-chores'. The younger brother had to wipe the floor… if only he remembered the spell. 5 years of couch-surfing erased all of his meager domestic skills, therefore he ended up wiping the floor by hand which was tedious but otherwise working well. That was at least until Pansy dropped Fred Jr. off to spend the day shopping and the young boy did his name all honor. Within a few minutes, he managed to destroy everything his uncle had so hard on. George fixed the chaos his son created with a swift flick of his wand and Ron was frustrated before the shop even opened. Form thereon things went only worse for the war-hero. It started with a young boy who just bought a cauldron full of pink, glitter slime, his mother was busy gossiping and noticed it too late. The mini wizard took the slime and threw it at Ron with all he had. The impact made a few of his blisters burst. Seeing the wizard his hair full of slime and him oozing blue pus, the mother´s face turned red. She should have kept an eye on her child. George witnessed the incident and rushed towards them. The mother was going to apologize when he simply kneeled down and offered the boy chocolate. Then he placed a glass jar next to his baby brother and announced that for a sickle everyone was allowed to pop Ron´s blisters. The young customers at the joke-shop were thrilled and jumped to the offer. "You can´t do this to me, I´m your brother!" "That´s exactly why I´m doing it. Come on, it´s fun. Why else do you think I gave you this job?" "I´m going to hex you." "You won´t. You need the money, brother. Or do you want to ask our baby sister, a single mom, for help?" George was right. The only thing more humiliating than this was asking his family and friends for money, especially since they all had little mouths to feed. He hated being poor. His father never earned much but he at least a job he loved. Even if the young wizard to start a family he simply couldn´t. no witch would want to marry a wizard who couldn´t feed himself let alone a family. A witch wants a wizard with a house and a garden, he should also own land. A witch wants to dress in fine robes and to be taken to fancy restaurants. A witch wants a house-elf and to be gifted jewelry. Ron could provide none of it. But a Lucius Malfoy could. Even after his divorce and paying damages he was still a wealthy wizard with a huge manor-house and an excessive amount of cash to spend. Who cared about his war-crimes when he was loaded? Not even people witnessing him in his death eater robes doing all those crimes he was never convicted for looked the other way. Hermione now dressed in expensive robes, wearing pearl-earrings being catered for by an house-elf. She once tried to free them. Hypocrite. How could she show so little respect to his family who always cared for her? They are good people but too poor to satisfy a witch. Bill had to save up money for years, living like a dog to afford to get married and live in a small cottage and Fleur still has to work. What were his parents thinking? They did not have the money for one wedding let alone seven… Being target practice and playing guinea pig for George´s newest creations was not nearly as much fun as it sounded. And if it wasn´t embarrassing enough, he saw Susan enter the store. Ron´s first instinct was to hide behind a shelf but an evil-looking hag blocked the way. In his desperation, he picked up a small child and hid his face behind its body. The child immediately began playing with the wizard´s enlarged scarlet nose. It wasn´t really painful but the would have preferred it if the kid gave him a break. The little one had other plans. It found it amusing to watch the wizard squirm in discomfort. "That´s sooo cute." Damn, she had found him. "Hi, Susan. I didn´t expect to see you here." "Hi Ron, I brought you your pain-potion." "Thanks." The red-haired put forth his hand. Susan looked disgusted at his slimy arm. "I think, I´ll just place it on the table… you´re doing great with children," the witch said in an almost dreamy voice and let out a sigh. "You know, it´s great that you turned your weakness into a strength. I know many wizards who would have hid at home in your condition, but not you. How about I´ll grab you launch? You must be hungry." "I am. Thanks, Susan, you´re the best." "No problem," she said smiling.
Back to the Ministry Since Ron had to work, Harry decided to take matters into his own hands. It was probably for the best. He apparated to London and entered the nearest toy-store. Standing in front of a shelf packed with teddy-bears he felt lost. Not knowing which to choose he picked the largest hoping it would translate into his true feelings. The lovely clerk put a red ribbon around its neck and with that Harry made his way back to the Ministry of Magic. Thinking of all the things Ginny had said the not so young wizard wanted to get his life in order. His first stop, therefore, was Minister Shacklebolt´s office. It has been a long time since he had last spoken to his fellow order of the phoenix member. After all the various greetings the young war-hero had received so far, he was anxious. The minister´s secretary offered him tea and biscuits and Harry made himself comfortable in the large office while waiting. After about half an hour the former Auror came back from his meeting. "Hi, Kingsley," Harry said shyly. "Welcome back, Harry. I hope you had a great time. Merlin knows you deserved it. How come you came to see me old wizard of all people." The older wizard greeted him in a friendly tone. "Em, it´s a little embarrassing, but you know I´ve always wanted to be an Auror and em…" "And you were wondering if I could offer you a position. Do you have any NEWTs or something comparable?" Harry´s face turned red from shame. How could he have missed that detail? "It´s not that important anyway. We´re short-staffed and you have plenty of battle experience. Mr. Chandler will be more than thrilled to take you under his wings… you could start tomorrow but as your friend I want you to be aware of a few things first. The profession on an Auror is not as popular as it once was anymore. Life is a lot more peaceful those days, thanks to you I might add. Also due to safety and privacy concerns bringing your children to work is not permitted in our line of duty. If you ever find yourself in dire need of a baby sitter during an operation you can drop it off at the reception, we magical people must stick together." "It won´t be a problem, Minister." "Good, I´ll see you tomorrow before work." Harry took the elevator to the 3rd floor with the gigantic bear under his arm. The other witches and wizards had a hard time fitting into the small cabin and not so few of them didn´t appreciate having a stuffed leg in their face. Maneuvering thru the narrow hallways proved challenging as well. Only as he knocked on the door, Harry realized that he was a wizard and could have simply used a spell to make his cargo smaller. "Come in." Harry entered the office nervous about Hermione´s reaction. "Harry?! What are you doing here?" "hey, I just wanted to talk to you… Where is Rose?" "I dropped her off at my parent´s. I thought it would be better for her with so much going on." The raven-haired wizard swallowed hard. Nothing hurt as much as your best friend feeling the need to protect her child from him. He would take the cruciatus any time over this. "I´m sorry but you know Ron. He never meant to hurt you, he loves you. He just wasn´t thinking…" "I know that. The problem with him is this: he never thinks about me! Let me guess you never meant to abandon me either, it just happened. Why do I always have to be the one who forgives everything? Am I not worth to be taken into consideration?!" "You´ve forgiven the Malfoys and they did a lot worse than having an outburst after discovering that your best friend is married to the life-long enemy." "That's exactly the difference! You´re my friends but Draco… I´ve never expected anything but the worst of him. So when he took a step towards me I accepted, because we are the good guys. We forgive and we move on. That´s what breaks the circle of violence. But you? There was a time we would have done everything for each other…" "We still do! You know it´s just kind of hard to accept your marriage… I just can´t understand what yo use in him," Harry tried to explain. "Of course you can´t. you weren´t here. You weren´t here when I graduated. You weren´t here when I got married. You weren´t here when I passed my first bill protecting the rights of house-elves. You weren´t here when I gave birth to my gorgeous little daughter and you weren´t here when she was so sick and I desperate. But you know what: my husband was on my side at every step and so was Draco of all people… I once had different dreams as well. I wanted a big wedding with both my magical friends and my muggle relatives one day in a distant future. After I made a great career I would have had a single child, probably due to biological reasons and when it starts Hogwarts I would have aimed for MoM… But this isn´t how life works," Hermione spat breaking down in tears. Harry hugged her and petted her head. "I´m so sorry Hermione. I promise you to never ever leave you again." The young witch calmed down and looked at Harry. "You could drop by at Andromeda´s place. I´m sure Teddy would love a teddy. Rose is currently into LEGO. Buy her a set that´s too difficult for her so you could help her." "You´ve been living with Slytherin´s for too long."
BBQ "Are you sure you don´t want to come with me?" Hermione asked. "Why would I?" Draco countered. "Because we´re a family and I´d like you to meet my parents´friends. I´m sure they would love to meet you." "I see, pregnancy dementia. Hermione, I´m your stepson and not your husband. If anybody ought to accompany you it would be my father." "But I don´t want to go alone. I don´t know what to talk about and I´m not even allowed to drink." "You´re not alone. Rose will be with you." "Yeah, because my little daughter makes such a great substitute for grown-up´s conversations." "They might place you at the kiddie-table," the blonde wizard said. "There won´t be a kiddie-table since Rose will be the only child present." Hermione was standing in the bathroom fussing over her hair. The auburn bush was even more untamable than usual and it was hard to find a dress she both fitted into and still looked muggle-ish. She picked a couple of wine-bottles from the cellar and apparated to her parents' house. While she was looking forward to seeing the people she spent her early childhood with the young witch was also anxious since she had rarely seen them since she started Hogwarts. She walked to the table and placed the bottles before sitting down. Hermione naturally was the first to arrive. Her mother was preparing salads and her father heated the grill. Rose found the Gameboy to be much more interesting than her mother. After half an hour, the witch was joined by her mother´s old schoolfriend. The lawyer arrived in her new Bentley and poured wine into glasses. "Not for me," Hermione said stroking her belly. "Are you… I mean… is there a baby?" "Yes, I`m pregnant," she answered proudly. "But how?" The young witch blinked twice. Surely she didn´t have to explain how this works. "I mean, aren´t you younger than Chris` son? I just always thought you were more thorough and responsible –" Hermione wanted to tell the lady that she was more than capable of coordinating her contraception but the lady didn´t let her. "-Oh wait, Hasn´t your mother said something about a little girl?" "Rose, her name is Rose and she is currently inside playing with her newest discovery," Hermione said in an annoyed tone. The older lady stared at her with an open mouth. Her father´s friend Chris, an investment banker, joined the party with his wife and son John. The two young adults strolled thru the small garden chatting about his university and their travels. It was a pleasant conversation until he leaned forward to kiss Hermione. She slapped him. "What´s wrong with you? You could have told me earlier you weren´t interested, things were going so well." The witch rubbed her wedding-band into his face. "I´m married and expecting my second child anytime now. What the hell made you think I was interested in anything more than chatting?!" "Your father told me he left you for your friend Athena," John answered. "My husband is on a business trip to Athens, as for my friend Minerva, she is 75. At least I know now why I married a Slytherin… Still, that doesn´t explain what you want with a pregnant woman. Is it something kinky? Have you crossed wheelchair already of your list?! Don´t give me this look. I have a son your age." " We´re about the same age," John said. "Well, technically he´s my stepson." Back at the table, the young witch heard Chris´ wife complain about her being a bad influence. Hermione was short of exploding when John defended his mother. "You really are awfully young to have a baby." "Just because you can´t afford to have a family of your own doesn´t mean I can´t either. I have a stable job." "You should go to university," his mother said. "What for? To find a good husband? Turns out I don´t need a degree for that." "To mature and become self-reliant. You can´t expect your sugar-daddy to take care of you forever." "That´s rich coming from you. You´ve been a society-wife for the last 30 years," Hermione shouted back. "That´s enough! I won´t allow some chit of a girl to talk to me like this!" "Yet you question my life´s choices freely. You have your husband feed you for decades even though the staff is taking care of all domestic chores for you, yet when my husband earns a little more than I do, I´m the gold-digger. Molly raised 7 wonderful children on a tiny budget. Well, six wonderful ones and Percy. What did you achieve?" "At least I raised my child well," the older woman said to Mrs. Granger. "I believe in allowing my daughter to decide her own faith," the dentist remarked dryly. "There are times we need to ensure they do the right thing." "And you decided what´s right or not? Our children are adults. We should support them regardless of our own opinions." "I´m right here. You can talk to me. I can take care of myself," the witch demanded. "I can see that," the older woman said pointing at Hermione´s belly. The women pushed each other around for a while until the family left. The tipsy lawyer found it amusing and handed Hermione her card. Just in case. "I still don´t like your husband," Mrs. Granger said to her daughter in private.
Going to the cinema When Ron got home from work he was surprised to find Draco and Blaise sitting on his sofa. George wasn´t. each of them was holding his son in one and a bottle of butterbeer in the other hand. "What are those snakes doing here?!" "Waiting for Ginny and Pansy to get arrive and get dressed," the dark-skinned wizard explained. Mrs. Weasley was in the kitchen preparing a feast. The kids shouldn´t go out hungry. Pansy arrived first carrying big beauty case and Ginny followed shortly after, still wet from the shower after training. George placed the dishes onto the table and asked Ron if he wanted to go to the cinema with them. "You can´t expect me to go out with Slytherins! Why are you spending time with them anyway? And what is a cinema?" "The cinema is a place where you can watch movies, they´re a bit like photographs only with longer running time and sound. It´s pretty cool. Thanks to Mrs. Weasley we can have a little time for ourselves," Blaise explained. "In case you haven´t noticed, Weasley, we´re a family now," Draco mocked. "Not when I hey you," Ron screamed drawing his wand. "Not under my roof!" Molly insisted as she collected the family around the table. Ginny and Pansy were already discussing what they should wear while the young wizards were more interested in which film to watch. Arthur almost invited himself, going to a muggle-cinema was too exciting when his wife reminded him of being on diaper duty for tonight. Ron was still upset and sulking. It was hard to watch his family have such an easy conversation with the enemy when they treated him like a guest in his own home. The young wizard couldn´t imagine that things changed so much in his absence, that he had no part in creating this new world and simply was made to accept all the changes. The three Slytherins promised to drop by when Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had their date-night since hanging around, chatting, drinking butterbeer was so much fun together. Ron had a hard time trying not to lose it. His sister and the Slytherin princess left the table. Pansy carefully handed Molly her baby. To confuse the red-haired even further his mom seemed glad to have a little one in her arms in spite of not sharing any blood with the baby. The boys got their sons ready for bed while the girls styled each other´s hair. The odd clique left the Burrow leaving an overwhelmed Ron behind. Molly hushed a glance at the nursery before settling baby Parkinson. It was a weird sight. He was always made fun of for being from a blood-traitor family yet his three nephews here were all pureblooded. The only half-blood present was Pansy´s baby girl. "Don´t tell them," Molly started "But I´m actually very proud of them. No matter how odd their family situation is, they always put their children first. You see, George and Pansy couldn´t stand each other but by the time Fred was born they were a strong team… if you really like Ms. Bones you should bring her over, I wouldn´t hate you for accepting her name either." When the two Weasleys and the three Slytherins arrived at the movies they started to fight over which movie to watch. The youngest Weasley didn´t want to see a romantic comedy as it only upset her. She also didn´t understand why any of them would. After all, after her Draco held the record for the longest relationship, with Harry as well, since he was seeing the war-hero for several days. They opted for an action-movie because it sounded exciting and it would be a good way to sample the progress muggle technology made. Also, it was a big turn on and they would hunt for muggle afterward. After the movie ended the group set together in a pub drinking cocktails. Pansy was flirting with a handsome muggle. "Looks like you found your next baby´s daddy," Draco commented and to the amusement of the clique, the boy disappeared. "Thanks, Draco, if you don't stop scaring my suitors away I´ll make you sleep with me." "You can´t rape me!" "What would you do? Tell your father?" they laughed out loud. "No, but I could tell mom." "Speaking of her, could you tell Hermione that I want custody over my child. I don´t even care if it´s magical or not," Blaise decided. "I could talk to her but the Ministry wants to ensure that children are raised in the world they belong in. I think you should talk to Theo. He helped me with my betrothal contract after Ginny got pregnant…" "Isn´t he marrying Astoria Greengrass in a couple of weeks?" "Yeah, it was a win-win situation. Father is Claudia Nott´s most lucrative client and Theo had a hard time securing a mate due to his father´s past discretions as a death eater. Also, I think Astoria is happy not having to fallow into my mother´s footsteps." "Purebloods," George said rolling his eyes, "We´re blood traitor you made sure to remind us." "I wouldn´t want to be sold like cattle," Ginny said. "That´s not what you said when the Holyhead Harpies sold you to the Falmouth Falcons." "That´s different. I transferred." "If you say so."
Sorry, it took me so long to update but I was busy spilling chloroform. Hope you enjoy it anyway. Date with Draco When Harry received an invitation to a fine French restaurant from Draco he was shocked. What was the ferret planning? Why wasn't he telling people that they weren´t together? Was it his way of messing with his archenemy? But since the young wizard promised his cousin to help him with his proposal, this posed to be the ideal situation to find out more. He wrote Draco a short note that he was in and a few moments later the blonde wizard stood before him. "Potter, listen to me, this is a fine restaurant. Thru my connections, I´ve managed to score a table at nine. You show me your dress robes, the one you think are appropriate and then I´ll take you to my tailor to get you something you could actually wear." "Stop it, Malfoy. Why are you doing this?" "I´m not buying you a new set of robes. I´m only making sure you buy something proper." "Fine, but why do I have to go to such an expensive restaurant?" the war-hero asked. "Because my father said I could invite you to dinner and I need to make sure you don´t embarrass yourself if I don´t want my stepmother to hex us." "What?! Are you saying you take me to the most exclusive place in England so I can practice for dinner at your place? Don´t people usually practice at home so they look good when going out?" "Your wrong. It´s the most exclusive restaurant in the entire United Kingdom and Ireland combined." Harry exhaled loudly and bought the robes Draco had picked out. As much as he hated to admit it, the git got style. Must be a Malfoy-thing. Even Hermione who still looked very much herself was much better dressed. Looking their most stunning yet elegant the two wizards entered the venue. A waiter led them to a secluded area where a table decorated with countless red roses awaited them. "You can´t be serious, Malfoy!" "What? Haven´t I mentioned that this place was popular among wizards for popping the question?" "Great. Wait. I need to make a reservation for my cousin, he wants to propose to Cho on their 18-month-anniversary." "Sure, I´ll wait here." When Harry returned to their table the young wizard immediately realized why he never went to restaurants like this. Not only was his favorite food Molly´s homecooked meals but he was also overwhelmed with the sheer amount of knives and forks on the table. They hadn´t even served the first of the13 courses and all he wanted to do was apparate away. "It´s obvious, Potter. You use the outer cutlery first and eat your way in." "How´s that obvious?!" the raven-haired wizard snapped back. "It would look bad if there were the middle knives missing and the others remained on the table." If Hermione had said those very words the young war-hero would have probably agreed but this was Malfoy here and he would rather jew his own arm of then get his point. It was a long and tedious affair. A couple of courses in they were served a plate of rather bis mollusks. "It feels like we´re back in our second year," Harry started, "eat slugs." "You do realize that there´s a difference between snails and slugs." "You can´t tell me that wizards actually at that stuff!" "Where is your famed Gryffindor courage now? Don´t tell me you are afraid of trying new foods. How did you get around the world? By McDonald´s? Don´t give me that look, I live with a muggle-born. And by the way, muggle eat snails as well, Hermione told me, she also had no problems with the eating-method either," the Malfoy heir said handing the wizard some kind of torture-device only purebloods would be familiar with. "It´s a snail fork. Better learn how to use it, my stepmother loves mollusks in all shapes and sizes and my sister likes to collect snails and earthworms on rainy days." Harry gaged. What had he done wrong in his life to deserve this? The wizard was absolutely sure that his former classmate was playing some sick joke on him but when he saw Malfoy devour the slimy creature, he had to try one as well. No way he would let the Slytherin win, especially not as a Gryffindor. Well, it tasted interesting. Harry tried many new dishes that evening most of which he couldn´t even fathom to pronounce their names half properly, but it didn´t taste bad. The fine Franch cuisine was, of course, no match for Molly´s cooking. After studying the law for so many hours Harry found it hard to memorizes all the rules he just heard. "Don´t tell me you actually have to learn the laws before enforcing them," Draco replied sarcastically. At the end of an endless seeming evening of using the right cutlery and holding your glass properly while sitting elegantly, the blonde wizard apparated his school-nemesis, the one who always beat him at Quidditch to the Burrow. Standing in front of the door the unlikely pair agreed to see the match against the Chudney Canons on Saturday together. They said bye and Harry entered the Burrow to find the Weasley-clan smiling at him. Somehow, they must have been eavesdropping. Knowing George that was more than likely.
Teddy for Teddy After a long day of studying the law, Harry decided to follow Hermione´s advice and visited Andromeda and his godson Ted. He was nervous because he just realized that he never actually met the boy. He must be six or seven by now. The young wizard was relieved that the stuffed bear was enormous since he felt guilty for his absence. How he missed fighting monsters and evil wizards. In hindsight, it was so much easier than those awkward conversations with his loved ones. Before returning, he never really realized just how many people cared about him. Sure they all supported him in his fight against Voldemort but that was for the greater good, wasn`t it. The witch Harry only knew as the lovely lady who gave birth to the quirky Tonks opened the door. She looked stunning. Harry was completely speechless and mustered the lady in detail. He certainly now saw the famed Black`she beauty. She had a very womanly body pressed into a tight corset and a long pencil skirt. Her displayed breasts seemed to jump right into the young wizard's face. Looking at her astounding assets Harry totally forgot why he was here. "Harry? I worried you would never show." "Forgive me, Mrs. Tonks, I, I, I...," he stuttered. "For some reason, I doubt that I am the one who´s forgiveness you seek. I understand you are dreaming of becoming an Auror just like my daughter... if you hurt my little Teddy unfortunate things might happen considering I´m rather close to Kingsley." Harry swallowed hard. Did she just threaten him elegantly? The lady truly was a Slytherin. "I´ve got him a present... I know I´ve screwed up but I promise I´ll make up for it. I want to be a good godfather for Teddy at least as good as Sirus was to me." "You might want to set yourself higher goals than that," the cousin of Harry´s late godfather stated "leading him inside. "Teddy! I want you to introduce you to your uncle Harry, you know the one who always sent you presents." Harry looked more confused than ever. He hadn´t sent a present or a letter to anyone... suddenly the war-hero was reminded of his own lonely childhood, teddy was an orphan just like him. And just like him, he needed someone in his life. And he failed the boy. He failed his father´s friend by not looking after the boy like he promised to and there was no going back. He lost 5 long years on the run and now he was struggling to make up for all the time lost. "Stop living in the past, Harry. What´s done is ´s not like he´ll remember much of his early childhood in the long run," the older witch stated, "And do not tell my grandson the truth about the gifts he received. I won't allow his heart to be broken. It simply looked bad if he only got birthday presents from me... I hope this will change from now on." Harry simply nodded and handed Teddy the teddy. The boy was thrilled to receive a present and showed Harry his room. After about an hour of playing Andromeda asked Harry to have an eye on her grandson as she rushed to the door. She checked her hair in the mirror and reapplied her lipstick. A teenager entered the house. He hugged the older witch and placed a lingering kiss on her cheek. "Harry this is Marc. He´s my boyfriend, well, at least for the summer. After that, he´ll return to Hogwarts." Did she just say, boyfriend?! Harry was about to ask. Surely the lady didn´t keep a boy for the summer when the younger wizard recognized him. "You are Harry Potter! I can´t believe I got the chance to meet you. I´m a big fan of you. This is the best summer ever. I mean, I´m meeting the Harry Potter." Andromeda raised a brow. "I mean, because of you, of course," the younger wizard answered. "Well, since Harry decided to play a more important role in my grandson´s life... Why don´t you take Teddy out so we could enjoy some private time..." the older witch suggested. The war-hero felt his face redden, he never wanted to know about anybody´s sex life so why is everybody telling him? Harry grabbed Ted by the arm and dragged him outside. "Thank you, Harry, I really appreciate it. I just don´t want Teddy to get attached to my boyfriends, they never last... After my husband died I thought I would never in my life touch another wizard but the menopause changed things. I always feel so horny... it´s hard to find someone who can keep up with me and usually those boys get bored after a while..." Harry cut the witch short. Yes, she was attractive and she could easily make a young wizard´s mouth water. But he couldn´t wrap his head around the fact that she actually sleeps with a 17-year-old boy. "-Thanks, I really appreciate what you´ve done for me, Madam Tonks. I was wondering if I could take Teddy to Malfoy Manor on Sunday if he wanted to go..." "Sure, he adores Rose, even though she always beats him in all the games that don´t require motoric abilities."
Picking up Rose The dark wizard had just returned from Greece. He grabbed a snack the way from track 4 2/3 to his in-law´s surgery. He may have never had the doubtable pleasure of muggle dental-health-care but the strange smell of industrial alcohol and the drilling sounds which reminded him of the humming of the three-horned pink wasps he encountered as a young boy made, made him quite uneasy. He walked up to the new chubby receptionist and asked to see Dr. Granger. She told him to take a seat in the waiting room. The dark wizard had just arrived and was already frustrated. He grinned showing his perfectly-shaped white teeth. "Do I look like I am here to have my fillings done?" "Well, maybe you´re here for the bleaching?" she asked quietly. "I am here to speak to Mr. Granger. It is private." The women ran to treatment room 2. Lucius entered the room unauthorized. The dentist was cleaning his patient´s teeth when he spotted the tall wizard. "Lucius, I wasn´t expecting you, you see, Helena told me I was visited by a friend." "You could always hire qualified personal to avoid mistakes," the wizard replied studying the doctor´s work by shamelessly peeking into the patient´s mouth. He felt clearly uncomfortable under the strange man´s scrutinizing gaze but was unable to protest with his chaws being held in place. "I´ve been reading the news, shockingly there were no reports of brutal murders or other hate-crimes. Are you losing your lust for gore in your old days?" "Quite the opposite, I am just more careful about covering my tracks." "I thought so," Dr. Granger said while continuing to work on his now terrified patient. "I have got something for you. Considering your unique wedding present, I was under the impression you were into those things…" the wizard said handing him a book titled 101 lethal sex-accidents. The older Malfoy had to agree, Karma was indeed a bitch. Why was fate so cruel and have him end up with the very muggle he weaponized to get a rise out of Arthur all those years ago as in-laws? Well, truthfully it wasn´t one of his finest moments in life but a man has to bring sacrifices when the occasion calls. It wasn´t just the incident at the book-store, the two men generally disliked each other. Mr. Granger hated the dark wizard for defiling his, at least in his mind, innocent little daughter. He wanted to strangulate the arrogant wizard for it. The dentist tried everything from talking sense into his girl to gifting the Malfoy patriarch with a thick illustrated book listing all known STDs. The muggle regarded it as a rather thoughtful wedding present. Unfortunately, all his efforts were in vain since the perverted bastard ignored his advice. The death eater impregnated his cute little girl, a mere child who attended school with his son. There was simply nothing the wizard could do to establish a good relationship with the dentist his age even if he wanted to. Whether he was a Nazi or a bunny-breeder would not change the fact that this monster fucked his little Hermione and got her with child, twice. Although, thinking about it breeding bunnies sounded exactly like something a cliche pedophile would do. "About the book, I was merely concerned about your health but your being here proofs your ignoring my massage," the dentist said to his son-in-law. "I understand your point very clearly but you have to understand, I only use condoms for my rape-victims." The patient chained to the chair turned pale. Being unable to move or speak in a dental-surgery was scary but that intimidating friend of his doctor was terrifying. He was looking for the hidden camera, maybe his colleagues were playing a joke on him. "I was under the impression that you have something that belongs to me," the wizard stated, "-with my wife." "Then I shall wait for the more competent Dr. Granger." "Before you leave, my mother is celebrating her 80th birthday next week. I expect to see you then." "Am I correct in assuming this is non-negotiable… Do I have to bring my son and grandson as well?" "So you Nazis can exclude yourself? You have to stand thru this family gathering all by yourself, Lucius." "Fine, but I cannot give you any guarantees with Hermione that far along." The dark wizard walked back to the reception area and inquired the whereabouts of Dr. Granger. "Didn´t you just? Oh, you mean the other Dr. Granger she is currently out with her granddaughter. She must be back at any moment." "I am aware of that." "Oh, now I get it you´re here for Rose. You must be her other grandfather." "I am her father," the wizard said sternly. "I´m so sorry, I didn´t know that," the nice receptionist apologized. "Obviously." When Rose returned to the surgery with her grandmother she immediately ran to her father and told him unfiltered everything she experienced. She explained all the electrical devices to the aristocratic wizard in a fashion reminding him strongly of his wife when they first met all those years ago when she was still a child. The two disappeared and a very upset patient grunted into Mr. Granger´s ear. "Who he was? Lucius Malfoy, the one who defiled my little daughter… No, don´t worry, he doesn't actually kill people my girl made him promise that when they married."
Sibling bonding Ron had a terrible nightmare. Hermione came by showing him a huge diamond ring, telling him she was now a Malfoy because they were the only ones who can satisfy her needs. Terrified the red-haired wizard jumped out of his bed and crashed onto the hard wooden floor. As if he wasn´t already in enough pain, a baby started to cry. He tried to ignore it hoping somebody else would take care of this problem, yet nobody did. After a couple of minutes, he gave up and rushed to Percy´s old room. The black boy was screaming his lungs out. Not knowing what to do he tried to talk some sense into his nephew. It didn´t work. Where was everybody? When he lifted the baby up, Scorpio started screaming as well. Great. Now he was alone with two crying babies. Ron searched the house, there must be someone home but he only found the families ghoul. Turns out that old creature was no help with small children either. Scorpio and the boy who´s names the young wizard did not know, were troublesome. Why did they all abandon him and more importantly where was his sister? Nothing he did seem to work. He looked at the clock. His dad was at work and so was George. Ginny and Mom were just out, nothing more specific. It was already a quarter to twelve when the youngest Weasley returned. "Where have you been for the last two hours?!" Ron demanded to know. "I´ve been out running and exercising like I always do, not that it is any of your business." "And what about Mom and your children?" "Shh, Mom is probably at the market and my little ones are sleeping. I´m going to wake them after I´ve prepared lunch for us, why?" "You can´t just abandon your own children!" "I didn´t abandon my children! I only went out for a bit, they´re sleeping anyway and if something happened you would have been there!" Ginny screamed back at her youngest older brother. "Your little monsters have been crying for hours. I couldn´t get any sleep even though I specifically asked you to let me sleep in." "Please tell me you haven´t silenced my babies." "They are really loud," Ron defended himself. "It´s not their fault! it´s their only way of communicating, they cry because they need something." Ginny rushed upstairs to check on her sons. It was unusual for them to cry so much. Maybe they were teething or worse sick. The young witch preyed that there was nothing wrong with her little ones. She was about to floo to St. Mungo´s when her brother stopped her reluctantly admitting to having accidentally woken them up and having been unable to settle them. Ginny sighed in relief. Still holding young Mr. Zabini in her arms she wanted to hand Scorpio over to Ron so she could cook something. "Bad widad," the still youngest Malfoy protested. "Why does my son call you a bad wizard?" ginny asked. "Blimey, I can explain it, Ginny. I swear." "I´m all ear." "I, I, I got a little upset when I saw `Mione with the Malfoys," he answered. "Ronald Bilius Weasley, how could you?! She was your friend and Scorpio is your nephew. You ought to get used to this. You can´t just abandon your family, your own flesh and blood and expect us to pause our lives waiting for you. How dare you insult us when you were the one who screwed up!" "Why are you only angry with me?! Harry left you just as well." "Because Harry is gay. There is nothing he or I could do about it. it´s not his fault. You know muggle shame men who sleep with other men because they are unclean. they´re not allowed to donate blood or adopt children. There is this disease HIV or something. that´s why it is so hard for him to accept his preferences. I don´t understand why he´s into Draco though..." Ron looked at his sister with a question mark written all over his face. "Hugh? You found him hot enough to have his baby," Ron said. "Well, it wasn´t like that, we were drunk and Blaise invited him to join us. It was fun and exciting. They often slept with each other and sometimes with a third wizard. Turns out all three of us forgot to cast a contraception spell or thought that someone else already did it and I had those lovely babies," the younger witch explained. "Aww, that´s disgusting. How come our parents didn´t disinherit you?" "I guess after you left, George and Pansy had a baby and Hermione married Lucius Malfoy, they simply didn´t think I could top that," she said proudly. Ron looked at his sister wondering if she was serious about her last statement or not. Later that day when Harry returned from work his best friend dragged him into their room. "I hope things between you and Malfoy work out because if you break my sister´s heart, I´m gonna break you." "Hugh?" "She knows about your gayness. If I ever see you again with a witch..." the red-haired wizard threatened his best friend.
Sorry, for the mistake last chapter. Little words can have a big meaning. I´ve corrected it. LEGO With his robes draped over his arm and the wand tucked away, Lucius Malfoy fitted in well with the muggles, at least as well as any gentleman in a meticulous three-piece-suit would in a toy-store. He hated the venue with all the children crying but Rose had the former death eater firmly wrapped around her little fingers. There was one particularly annoying child that ran circles around him, so he swiftly stuck out his cane in the girl´s path and watched her with satisfaction crash onto the hard floor. The young muggle seemed to get his point and ran off to another part of the store. Pleased with himself he looked at the plastic goods. Did muggle actually enjoy things like that? His thoughts were interrupted by the sound of his little girl crying. He could distinguish her from a million other babies. Rushing to her the people did their best to get out of his way. The Malfoy-patriarch had not lost his touch after all. He found Rose in the LEGO-corner holding a box shaped like a 4x2 brick almost as big as her. "I wanna have it but it says four minus nine nine and I´m only three," the little one sobbed. Lucius looked at the package and with a tip of his wand, the 4 turned into a 3. "You are going to be a big sister soon. This comes with new responsibilities like not swallowing your toys and going to the bathroom in time. Since you have learned the numbers so well you are allowed a treat but remember not to let your great aunt Seraphine play with those, she is turning 103 next winter." Rose giggled and her father retrieved a few 100-Pound bills from his sterling silver money-clip and paid for the LEGO. The two Malfoys came home with two full yellow shopping bags. Hermione who had been waiting for them to return hugged them both before eyeing the suspicious-looking shopping bags. "What did you get? Somehow, I have the weird feeling that I shouldn´t have given you access to my credit card." The former death eater pulled a huge box out of the bag. In it was a 6x6 All Terrain Tow Truck by LEGO Technic aimed at 12-16 years old. "What´s the damage?" "Two to three-hundred-pound, around that corner. Rose wanted it," the dark wizard insisted. Hermione lifted a brow and Rose pulled the big plastic box filled with the colorful LEGO bricks out of the other bag. It looked a lot more like something a three-year-old wanted. The Gryffindor left the parlor for the library to continue her research while Rose emptied the box with all those little plastic pieces onto the fine centuries-old Persian rug and started to play. Lucius headed to his office a couple of rooms down the floor leaving the door open so he could hear what his girl was doing. He was rather productive that afternoon. There was something soothing about the sound of grubbing through a huge pile of LEGO. Every half hour or so, Rose would drop by to show him her newest creation. Before he knew it his desk looked more like it belonged into a playroom rather than the office of a powerful business-tycoon. The only trouble was that not all of the girl´s art-works were stable enough to survive the transport. Some broke apart as soon as she tried to lift them up. The dark wizard had at those moments a hard time resisting the urge of casting a silencing-charm knowing his wife would not approve. Before supper Hermione made Rose tidy the mess she made up, by hand. It was everything but efficient. A task that would normally take nothing more than a simple wand-movement took almost an hour and watching them from the doorway he could easily spot bricks still lying beneath the couch. No one was more excited for dinner to end than Lucius, not that he would ever admit it. He finally got to play with his newest toy. Lucius and Rose spread the pieces all over the floor and Hermione sat on the sofa reading a book. She would have loved to join them on the floor but in her current state, she wouldn´t have been able to get back up again. Also, she lacked a desire for LEGO sticking up her butt. God, had she just really thought that? She was spending too much time with Draco. Rose was eager to help her father sort the pieces so that construction would be quicker, hopefully within a timeframe that agreed with her sleeping hours. Unfortunately for the dark wizard she opened all the plastic bags and pilled the content up. Finding anything now would be hard. While watching him build the vehicle, Rose decided to join her mother on the couch. She leaned sideways on her mother´s belly. She was startled a couple of times by her unborn sibling´s sudden movements before she eventually fell asleep in her mother´s arm. Hermione took a look around. Her beautiful husband was focused on his new toy, their daughter slept soundly and she had a good book in her hand. It was one of those blissful moments that reminded the young war-heroine just how lucky she was that things turned out the way they did.
Of dentists and wizards Arthur Weasley and Mr. Granger took the tube to the city center. The dentist needed a new microwave and knew the befriended wizard would love to accompany him. Arthur studied the muggles passing by closely, they fascinated him but decades of working in the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office thaught him very little about those strange people. Dr. Granger on the other side felt a little embarrassed by the wizard. While he did genuinely like him, he felt more comfortable seeing him in his house and not in public. Arthur was a nice man but he lacked refinement and proper behavior. He always spoke his mind never thinking it thru in advance. "How come that none of your sons married my daughter?" "She is still like a daughter to me, although I`m a little disappointed about her not being a Weasley. My oldest married a french Veela and Charlie is more interested in dragons than in witches-" "- women, he meant women," Dr. Granger told the other passengers on the tube. "And Percy, I don´t even think I know him anymore. George had a baby with Ms. Parkinson and Ron, well, I think he was too young to appreciate her the way she deserved. He won´t make the same mistake again," the wizard listed his sons. The muggle was boiling inside. How dare he defend that stupid boy who broke his daughter´s heart. It was his fault that he now had an old nazi as a son-in-law. Instead of bursting out in public he bit his lip. People were already staring and he knew that a parent would defend his child no matter what, but... "Hermione is the step-grandmother of one of my grandsons, so technically she is still family after all," Arthur said. The other passengers found them entertaining and listened closely interested in their family situation. "I don´t know how you can see Lucius without punching his face," the dentist stated. "Well, after that incident at Flourish and Bott´s, you remember, I had to promise Molly to behave better, at least in front of the children. But it´s hard," the wizard admitted. He wasn´t a violent person not by a long shot but the wealthy aristocrat just had a way of getting under his skin. "I broke his nose the day Hermione announced their engagement." The usually kind and understanding wizard smiled. Arthur would have loved to have seen that. "And your still a life?" "I think that was my daughter´s doing." The two unlikely friends entered an electrical retailer. Like a child, Arthur started to press all buttons and was amazed whenever something happened. Embarrassed the dentist dragged the wizard to a remote area of the store. People were yet again staring at them. While this part of the store was indeed less crowded it was unfortunately equipped with a PlayStation and somehow the two grown men found themselves playing FIFA. Arthur was in heaven. Not only was there and an electronic device but he also got to know about a muggle sport. Soccer wasn´t Quidditch but it was still fascinating. There were so many positions and more players but only one ball. The wizard liked the keeper best since his job was the easiest to understand. Since neither of them had prior experience with playing videogames they were evenly matched. While the wizard had better eyesight the dentist knew how to handle electronic stuff in general. They played for a while until the TV exploded. Naturally, a salesman saw what happened. "You destroyed it, so you have to pay for it," he insisted. Arthur was quick to apologize. He didn´t mean to do it but this muggle-marvel was rather sensitive and he might have gotten a little too excited and emotional. Trying to explain himself without violating the statue of secrecy proved challenging. "You´re TV just exploded! It could have killed us! You´re lucky if I don´t contact my lawyer," the dentist cried. The salesman apologized, gave them the microwave for free and handed them generous gift coupons. The muggle had the weird feeling that the wizard was happier about those then he was even though he could actually use them. "Next time I´ll just take you to a pub to watch soccer and drink a few pines." "There will be a next time?" Arthur asked unsure after the mess he just made. "Sure, you´re my daughter´s step-grandson´s grandfather. We´re basically family."
The Advisory Board to Minister Shacklebolt Hermione was tired. When they decided to have another child it seemed manageable. Work was going well, babies quickly grow up, soon Rose would start to get tutored and Draco was there to help out. Now it all seemed too much. The emotional turmoil from Harry and Ron reentering her life, Draco refusing to take on more responsibility and the additional workload from Blaise´s reckless behavior all added weight on the young witch´s shoulder. She was hormonal and worn down caring what felt like a giant´s baby inside and while she thought that Lucius was right in telling her not to stress herself out with all those rather less than more useful guides for young parents, Hermione felt awfully unprepared not having read anything in advance even though this was already her second child. Another long meeting discussing Zabini´s case with the Advisory Board to Minister Shacklebolt, which both she and her husband were part of awaited her. The 13 witches and wizards gathered around a circular table. Since Draco was still hungover from last night´s party the elder Malfoy brought his daughter to the meeting. The couple was sure that no matter how long this discussion would take, they would still return long before the young blonde awoke to find his family missing. Lucius placed Rose on his lap and handed her one of the 5-pence ball-pens he stole from the labor parties campaign to keep her occupied. Hermione got up holding her notes tightly. Even though she was well prepared and had given many presentations to the very people present before she was still nervous. She took a deep breath and looked at her audience. 'Talk to the committee just like you would explain it to Rose, then everyone can follow you,' Lucius had said. This was a lot easier since their daughter was actually present. The only problem was that she never actually understood the content of her presentation. The little girl had listened to it many times when Hermione practiced. The complexity of hereditary transmission overwhelmed her and she fell asleep, luckily without tamper tantrum. Surprisingly the mini Malfoy did extraordinarily well with quantum physics but that was probably because she was a baby and not despite it. Frankly, Hermione didn´t even understand what this fuss was all about. Yes, she was desperate to know where magic comes from and how it´s inherited. But that was for the sake of knowledge and understanding how she came to be and why she had to endure so much pain and hardship. The young witch strongly opposed using genetics to decide who gets custody over a child. This was something parents should negotiate between themselves and wasn´t the little one´s well being the number one priority? Not that it mattered anyway. The war-heroine lobbied for better inclusion of squibs and muggle-raised children into society and she wasn´t going to stop that fight anytime soon. Advances have been made in the last years and she was sure that in the eleven years until her former classmate´s child would or would not start Hogwarts a lot more can be achieved. "... to summon it up, it is very likely that magic is a dominant trade. Factoring in that there are people like me without a magical parent, it has to be caused by at least two different genes. Furthermore, under considerin, the Hardy-Weinberg-equilibrium, those specific Alleles or at least one of them must be extremely rare. That means in our specific case that Ms. Miller who has no known magical relatives will not carry and therefore possibly pass on neither of the Alleles. But since Mr. Zabini is a documented pureblood with no squibs in his direct line it would be extremely unlikely for him to have a non-magical child." "Are you saying that the baby is a little witch or wizard." "If Mrs. Zabini was honest about Blaise´s family tree, that would be the case, Seamus Finnegan, Tom Riddle, and Severus Snape are examples of the same constellation of pureblood and muggle." "But all of their mothers were witches..." "There is also Hagrid who inherited his magical abilities from his father and not his giant mother. Also, there was a boom of muggle-borns in the late 20s correlating with the first world war. Since the numbers are usually stable and considering the desperate situation many muggles were in, it is plausible to assume that many of those muggle-raised children were actually fathered by wizards. Otherwise, a sudden rise in usually consistent numbers could not be explained. I am confident in my research abilities, I´ve done the math, feel free to check my numbers and after analyzing centuries of birth records I now know that milkman´s children are more common than I ever thought, thank you for your attention."
Watching Quidditch Harry and Ron somehow ended up watching Ginny´s match at the stadium with Blaise and Draco. They haven´t even departed when the first argument started. Why did they have to go to Malfoy Manor if the two Slytherins could apparate to the Burrow just as well? Their first challenge of the day was getting the boys ready which proved to be hard since Ron wasn't particularly popular with his nephews and neither of the war-heroes knew young Mr. Zabini´s name. Harry quickly gained some sort of understanding with Scorpio which made dressing and feeding him much easier. He should have done it in a different order though. Ron complained about his sister who could have done the task before she went to training, about Zabini who couldn´t raise his child properly and cured every Malfoy for daring to exist. "Ron, hurry up, we´re already late." "Shut up, mate. You got the easy child." "Do you want to switch?" Harry asked. "Nooo!" Scorpio protested hitting Harry with his little fist. "Then be nice to your uncle Harry," the raven-haired wizard said to him in response. 15 minutes later the two wizards arrived in the grand entrance hall of Malfoy Manor through the fireplace and handed the little ones over to their fathers. "What took you so long?" Draco demanded to know. "It´s nice to see you as well." Rose stood up from a child-sized stool wearing a pretty blush-blue dress adorned with little bows and silver pins in her golden hair. Harry couldn´t believe that the little angel was Hermione´s daughter since she looked nothing like her mother. "Who is that?" Ron asked. "My sister, Rose," Malfoy said in a tone that was intended to humiliate the Weasley. "I thought we were going to a Quidditch-match," the red-haired defended himself. "Well, as you can see, father dressed her." Rose had a wide grin all over her face. "Is she coming?" "I am," the girl insisted in a way that was 100% Hermione. She didn´t like it when people talked about her instead of with her, after all, she was a big girl and could very much talk for herself. Another five minutes later the odd group settled in their private box at the stadium. "Why did you bring Rose? Without her, it would have been a bunch of wizards doing guy´s stuff. Now we have to behave in front of the lady," Blaise complained. "If you don´t want me I can go away," Rose protested running towards the exit. "Stop Rose, you know Zabini, he adores you, he was just joking," Draco said dragging his sister back to their seats. Blaise nodded following his friend's nonverbal command. The blonde wizard hardly left the house and already regretted offering to babysit. Even though no one would ever believe him he found his father´s 'little Angel' very troublesome. She didn´t respect him as an adult and constantly questions her brother´s authority. But she was cute and clever and everybody´s darling, ideal for showing off. Also, neither his stepmother nor his father would babysit Scorpio if he didn´t return the favor once in a while. When the match began all of them looked for Ginny. "I found mommy!" Scorpio shouted excited. "This may sound odd, but what´s your son´s name?" Harry asked the dark-skinned wizard. "Casanova." The two war-heroes laughed. "You´re joking, right?" "No, I´m serious. Casanova Zabini will follow me into my footsteps. He always stares ladies at their breasts," Zabini said proudly. "Yeah, because he thinks there is milk for him. I bet he ends up in a monogamous marriage eventually," Darco commented opening the picnic-basked his elves prepared. "My son may end up in Gryffindor, I can live with that, but he´ll definitely be a womanizer," the young father insisted. Meanwhile, Draco lifted a glass-container filled with paprika from the basket. On it was a note: 'It´s not green – HM' "Who´s HM?" "Hermione Malfoy." That answer made the hero´s faces turn bright red. In their minds, it was unimaginable what Lucius Malfoy, Voldemort´s right-hand-man did to their friend to claim her. It must have been an unforgivable or something similarly cruel. Draco´s watching over Rose so they could have time to themselves brought even more although differently disturbing images to their minds. "I don´t think they could do anything, just look at Hermione, she´s huge, probably 200 pounds or more," Draco said as if he could read their minds. Ron blushed even more if that was possible. "I don´t think her size or weight would be a problem..." "Even if it was anatomically doable. Do you know how boring they are? They´ll probably just spent the day working and reading."
Teammates Ginny was out of breath. Sweat was running down her face. She just landed, her hands clung on her racing-broom. The coach was yelling at her but she couldn´t hear a sound. She focused on breathing the Quidditch match was already a distant memory. She had no idea whether they won or lost, whether she played well or missed the rings at every shot. The young witch was pulled out of her trail of thought by her muscles starting to twitch. It was too hard to remain standing and she dropped her broom. "Ginny, what the hell where you thinking?! you´re blocked for the next two matches! Why did you have to smash the Cannons`keeper through the ring as well?! The Quaffle alone would have done the trick!" "What? I, I, it was an accident," the young witch said absently. "Twice in a row?! I need you focused especially now that Jenny isn´t in form. Think about your team and don´t bring your problems to the pitch! Do you understand me?" "Yes, coach. It won´t happen again," the witch answered. Ginny joined her team in the shower. "Are you alright, Ginny?" "She´s probably still upset that Draco stole her boyfriend," a dark-haired witch replied. "Maybe it is really you who can´t satisfy a wizard and not the other way around, considering how many of your boyfriends turn out gay." "Stop being mean to her, Jenny. You´re only pissed because you can´t make a goal," a short witch defended her and handed her friend a towel. "You don´t think she would play extra bed just to make me look even worse," Ginny asked her friend. "No one would ever sign her again if she sabotages her own team..." "I´ve heard she`s seeing the Bally Castle Bats´ beater," the third chaser of the team added to the conversation. "I don´t think it´s true, the prophet prints so much bullshit," Ginny commented. "I have to go go," the short witch said walking towards an older wizard. "Aren´t you embarrassed to let your father pick you up?" Jenny asked spitefully. "Well, he´s not my father, he´s my boyfriend," she replied. "I thought you didn´t need a wizard to care for you." "I don´t, but I need one to cook for me." The wizard looked confused his expression demanded answers from the younger witch. "Sorry, uncle, but she keeps messing with us and the less she knows about me the better. What´s for dinner?" The young Weasley waved her friend bye. Seeing the confused look on her rivals face made her laugh. The witch was glad that her boys were with their fathers so she could at least have a moment to herself. She sat on the sofa in the living room and stared out of the window for a while. No, she did not want to get up or talk to someone. She just wanted to sit there and pity herself. She fought just as hard as the boys did but only ever received attention and appreciation for being Potter´s (ex-) girlfriend. No one cared about how hard it was to be the resistance to your death eater teachers and how hard it was to protect the younger students and how severely she was punished for doing so. She ought to get ready. She didn´t want to. The young witch really didn´t feel like going out and celebrating. Tonight it would be particularly hard not to hex Jenny. She couldn´t stay away either. She was part of the team so she had to behave like one. Ginny had already missed enough of their victory-celebrations to feel awkward about staying away. She had little ones who needed her, but for some reason, her male colleagues didn´t feel as torn about it as she did. Their wives and mothers didn´t seem to be too bothered either. Somehow she must have managed to get up and attend the party, but everything afterward was a little blurry. Ginny woke up with a huge hangover on a stranger´s couch. It was hard to stand up and looking at the mirror she realized that her face was decorated with penises. Teammates, she thought rolling her eyes. Embarrassed she grabbed her wand and apparated home.
After the Match After the game ended the young wizards contemplated checking on Ginny. It wasn´t like her to be so ruthless. Harry felt guilty for upsetting her and Ron was upset with the current situation. He spent his childhood fighting Slytherins and now they were supposed to be friends, just like that, without even so much as an apology for all the hardship he went thru. The fact that Blaise and Draco were actually fun to be with made the young Weasley hate them even more. While the four adults were busy dealing with their new situation, Rose ran off. None of them noticed her missing until Draco started to panic. "She can´t have gone far, I´m sure she´ll turn up in no time." "You don´t understand. she´s a Malfoy and we´re not exactly popular. We don't talk about it when the kids are present but we do receive a lot of hate mail and death threats. What if somebody took her to get back at father or me, or Hermione." Now Harry understood the danger Rose was potentially in. The girl might not know it but she was the daughter of one of the most hated death eater and the fact that he somehow managed to evade prison twice didn´t help either. Thinking about all the families who have lost someone to the war the Auror-to-be saw a sheer endless list of suspects. "Why would anybody want to hurt Hermione?" Ron asked. "You of all people should understand it," Blaise explained while Draco called for his sister. "Just think of your own reaction when you heard about her marriage and you were her friend." "But I would never hurt a child! It surely was a Slytherin keeping the bloodline pure!" the red-haired insisted refusing to believe that people who killed and fought alongside with him could have done something bad. They were the good guys after all. Blaise rolled his eyes trying to be not to offended by the Gryffindor´s ignorance. The Weasel just ran away because he couldn´t handle it. He didn´t know what his mother and he had to go through just for being pureblood and Slytherin. They found Rose within minutes of searching outside the stadium. She had fun jumping in every puddle she found on the muddy ground. Dirt splashed high enough to get even her hair wet and dirty. Her white lace socks turned brown from the mud and her dress looked beyond rescuable. Draco screamed at her for almost giving him a heart attack. Didn´t she know what could have happened to her? After a moment relief washed over him. She was alright and that was all that mattered. As soon as the initial relief passed Draco started to get desperate again. He couldn´t bring his father´s little princess home looking like that. "Rose! You can´t just run away! And what do you look like?! How am I supposed to clean you up?!" "With magic," she answered smiling broadly. This posed a challenge since none of the wizards were proficient at performing domestic spells. It wasn´t on Hogwart´s curriculum they justified themselves. Malfoy and Zabini grew up with elves catering to their every need, Harry grew up with muggle and Ron´s mom was a housewife. They stared at each other hoping someone else would come up with something. The children found it much to everyone´s annoyance entertaining. "Andromeda," Harry suggested. "Tonks once mentioned she was good at it." "Nice call, My aunt adores her." Five minutes later the parts found themselves in Andromeda´s living room slurping coffee. The older witch cleaned her up in no time. Rose and Teddy went playing when Harry had an idea. Since Andromeda found a sleepover at Malfoy Manor a good idea because she had no desire to socialize with her former brother in law, he sent Ron to go pick his invisibility cloak up and sneak back so they could use this opportunity to have a look around and check if Hermione was really treated well there. Also, he bought the girl a new LEGO set and hoped that this and spending more time with her would make her like him. The raven-haired wizard kicked his friend under the table. Ron rose. "I think, I have to go home now. I, I, I have... things to do," the wizard said before disapparating. "That was wired." "Well, he, em, he is seeing someone," Harry deflected. "You´re silly, it´s just sex. Why are you Gryffindors so wired about it?" the dark-skinned wizard asked. Time moved by and Ron was yet to return. Harry grew anxious. "I think we should go, thank you, aunty, for having us." "Wait, we cant go... I, I want another cup of coffee." "Really, Harry?" Draco asked when the war-hero noticed from the corner of his eyes the flames turn green. "No, I think we should go."
Back at Malfoy Manor Waiting for a good moment Harry finally managed to catch Rose all by herself. The girl stared at him determined not to give in. "Hi, Rose. I´ve got something for you," the raven-haired wizard said handing her a present. The little witch seemed unsure as to how to proceed and hesitated until Hermione appeared behind her. She placed her hand on her daughter´s shoulder. "It´s OK." She accepted the present. "Thank you." "You may open it now." That sentence made the girl smile and her tiny hands quickly tore the paper off and she spilled the content all over the floor. Rose studied the plan in silence. "You could always ask Harry, he would love to help you," Hermione suggested but to Harry´s disappointment, she didn´t rise to the bait. Hermione used the time to show her best friend a few photographs. She started with a picture taken on her graduation day. Harry found a proud looking Mr. Malfoy next to his son and Hermione. She looked happy next to the former death eater yet the thought of them still made him cringe. "We weren´t together yet back then. It took me quite a while to allow someone in..." Harry nodded swallowing a huge lump in his throat. He looked at the other pictures realizing he should have been there. After some time Rose, however, decided that she actually needed help and reluctantly asked the strange wizard. The war-hero eagerly joined her on the floor. This made him happier then he would ever like to admit. Sitting next to the girl with his meager experience with children he felt a little lost. He was afraid of doing something wrong and destroying the little trust they built. After the first ten minutes of piecing together little plastic pieces together, it was almost as if the girl forgot that she didn´t like the raven-haired wizard. She looked at the little gears working together with awe. To her mechanics were more magical than magic ever could be. She had the same look on her face Harry had when he first saw Hagrid with his pink umbrella hexing his cousin. In no time the two were a good team and construction progressed quickly. It would have all been well hadn´t Rose commented on him being almost as good as her father. The young war-hero almost choked to death. It was a new world. He never thought that the biggest compliment he could ever receive was being almost as good as a Malfoy. The rational part of him knew, of course, that he would never be a match for her beloved father but falling short and being less popular than a Malfoy still stung. Hermione found it amusing to watch her best friend struggle not to make an inappropriate comment. Secretly, Harry pitied the girl for not growing up with better people than Malfoys. Deep down he felt jealous and cheated. He hadn´t seen the old Malfoy much yet but if Draco was anything to go by, it appeared that even death eater were better family than his relatives were. Once Rose placed the last brick of LEGO she started to play with her newest toy. Harry thought it would be a great time for a toilet break to relieve his anger in private. When he returned he found the blonde little witch sitting next to her mother on the couch. Hermione showed her photographs of Harry, Ron and her from their Hogwarts time. The years they spent fighting evil wizards (like the girl´s father) were the best he ever experienced. Sure the last years were nice but living day by day without family and without an aim lacked something. He was older now and didn´t need or want any big adventures but a little bit of excitement was required to make him feel alive. The raven-haired wizard would never admit it but he almost missed Ron and Hermione´s constant fighting, not talking to each other for weeks and making up again. It was never easy for him to see his friends like that but at least it was real. He saw Mr. Malfoy standing in the doorway watching the witches and quietly joined him. "They are quite cute together, aren't they?" he asked the older wizard not knowing how to start a conversation with his former enemy. "They are," he replied shortly. "If you hurt either of them in any way imaginable..." "I do know how precious my witches are, it would serve you well to remember this well, Mr. Potter," Voldemort´s former right hand answered. Harry stared at his opponent hiding how hard the truth in the death eater's words hit him. Luckily Draco came by and solved the situation. "Do you wanna go out for a drink or two, Potter?" The older wizard looked at his son showing him his disapproval. "...or we could stay at home and have a glass of fire-whiskey," Draco added knowing his father wouldn´t babysit the boys. "Fire-whiskey sounds great."
We shouldn´t have done that Harry pretended to go to bed early. The elves prepared him the same room, in close proximity to Draco´s, he used at his last stay. Ron still under the invisibility cloak followed him shortly. They looked at each other for a moment before hiding beneath the fabric. They strolled through the room to practice. It had been five long years since they last did something like that after all. They walked aimlessly through the halls of Malfoy Manor for an hour or two until they happened upon the library. It wasn´t really a space either of them wanted to see, the wine-cellar was of more interest to the young wizards, but it was a space Hermione would gravitate towards and indeed the war-hero spotted her on the other side of the waste room. The rumors were true. It easily rivaled Hogwarts´ library even though the three of them regularly helped themselves to the restricted section. Looking to their right they found what appeared to be Malfoy-business-journals from the 15th century. Harry wanted to close the distance to their friend but Ron wasn´t moving. The raven-haired wizard almost uncovered his partner in crime. The young Weasley´s attention was focused on a chessboard placed on an ancient table. It wasn´t the board itself that grabbed his attention but the wooden figures standing on it. They weren´t as detailed as the once he knew. If they wouldn´t be standing on the board he would have had difficulties identifying them. The young wizard had no idea how they were supposed to make a kill. "It´s a muggle chess-set. Better stay away from it, it´s probably cursed," Harry said. Ron doubted that. He found a Shogi and a Go set on the other tables. The two moved closer to the bushy-haired witch who was engulfed in the book she was reading. Arithmancy for Master Vol. VIX. She hadn´t really changed after all. They decided to search the death eater´s office instead when the lord of the Manor entered the library. "How is the lady doing?" "I am aching and it´s your fault," Hermione answered. The older wizard sat down next to her on the generous leather sofa. "Mmm." "Give me a massage," his wife commanded. He loosend his tie and locked the doors with a swift movement of his wand trapping the boys effectively inside a room they would have never entered voluntarily. Harry thought that watching the couple in their natural habitat might give them a better insight into their relationship than looking for illegal activity in the death eater´s correspondence. Also, it was a lot less incriminating. The young witch laid the book on the table and redirected her attention to her husband. He lifted her dress exposing her legs and petted her. Hermione moaned, her legs felt heavy and having her husband massage them was exactly what she needed. After a few minutes, he asked her if she was feeling better. "My back still hurts," she replied rolling to the side. Knowing the drill Lucius laid down sideways behind her. With his thumbs, he applied pressure to her lower back. Voldemort´s former right-hand man placed tender kisses on his muggle-born wife´s neck. The scene was both hilarious and disturbing. "Lucius?" "Mmm?" "I think our little one has fallen asleep," the young witch said blushing. Harry who hadn´t thought about why exactly the dark wizard had locked the doors only put the pieces together when he saw Ron´s face drained of all color. His own face turned bright red. Surely they wouldn´t... Draco said they´re not... Lucius placed his flat hand onto his wife´s pregnant belly. It slowly wandered further and further downwards. The young war-heros wanted to run, to scream, to do just anything but they couldn´t risk exposure. That would raise awkward questions and they were just rebuilding their friendship. So they sat there and watched. Neither of them would be able to get those disturbing images out of their mind. It wasn´t kinky and he still looked fit for a man his age. Hermione´s pregnant body wasn´t the problem either. It was is dark mark. How could he be so nice and gentle to a mudblood. As funny as it sounded the most disturbing part was the genuein affection they had for each other. Didn´t they realize that not so long ago he wanted to get rid of the very witch he now caressed for being filthy? Hermione laid in her husband's arms about to fall asleep. She lifted her head and asked: "Did you think about the present for my grandma?" "Yes," her equally exhausted husband answered and with that, they drifted away. Harry and Ron were unable to sleep. Some things are just too traumatizing. The sun wasn´t fully up when they heard somebody knocking on the door. The former death eater accioed their cloths and Hermione caught her robes in flight. Within 20 seconds both of them were dressed enough to open the doors. Rose joined her still sleepy parents on the couch. The dark wizard flinched when his little girl jumped onto him her knees hitting his ribcage. The two war-heroes were quick to leave the venue.
Awkward Like always Lucius was the first to arrive at the breakfast table. He looked up from the Sunday Prophet when his wife entered the room. "What about a family name?" he asked her. "Huh?" "I was thinking about my son´s future. He clearly will not take Mr. Potter´s." "They could each keep their own," Hermione suggested not wanting to upset her proud husband. "Then why would they marry?" "Well, they could also have a double name like Potter-Malfoy..." "It has to be Malfoy-Potter. The other one sounds hilarious." "You always name your best argument last, so it will stick better in people´s minds," the young witch said to keep her husband grounded. "Ture, but the end of a word is usually swallowed. Therefore only the first part is important for recognition." "That´s technically only the Mal- in Malfoy," Hermione replied. "How do my son´s quarters suit you?" The dark wizard asked his future son-in-law who just entered the room. "I didn´t-" Harry said trying not to blush too much considering last night´s events. "Mr. Potter didn´t spend the night in the room I´ve prepared for him," a little house-elf squeaked. The young war-hero wanted to gag it for that statement. Why do house-elves always make things more complicated? "I cannot comprehend it. How can they spend every single minute together, playhouse and still deny their relationship?" The Malfoy patriarch asked his wife as if Harry wasn´t even there. "I think you owe me ten Galleon," she answered. After breakfast, Harry and Draco took the children out in the garden while the house-elves prepared a feast. The war-hero envied Ron for being able to hide beneath the cloak since he wasn't able to look Hermione in the eyes after what he had witnessed. The young wizard was traumatized for life. After flying Teddy over the estate with his broom, he wanted to take Rose but she was too shy, he saw Luna talking to a flower. The Special Ravenclaw was the first to have arrived. She greeted the Malfoy-man with a wide smile which made her former captors feel very uncomfortable. "How can you even stand being here?" Harry asked his dear friend. "What do you mean?" she sounded genuinely surprised. "Bad things have happened here." "It´s Hermione´s home." "I don´t get it! Shouldn't you two be the very last people to be OK with all this?" "Mmm, it´s a self-defeating prophecy," Luna stated. Harry sat down on the lining of the fountain thinking about her words. He guessed that there was some truth to it although he didn´t quite understand the meaning behind her words, like always with Luna. Fleur arrived next with Victoire and Domenique. The children were all close and played together. The Veela hugged Harry and kissed both of his cheeks. She wanted to invite them but Bill was working in Argentine and she thought it was best to wait for his return. The raven-haired wizard hoped Ron was close and heared that the beautiful witch was going to invite them both since his friend felt redundent with all the change that occurred. Helping themselves to the picnic, Harry couldn´t help but ask the witches what his former best friend could possibly see in the arrogant pureblood. "He´z a handsome wizard, surely you can see that," the French witch commented. The war-hero wanted to protest but was cut short by Fleur rescueing her older daughter from an enchanted gargoyle the shape of a dragon with a swift wand movement. "Sorry, `Arry." Eating the cheese and slurping the wine the Veela decided that the fine cuisine was the true foundation of the most surprising match in the wizarding world because all Bill could prepare was half-grilled meat. „The food was prepared by house-elves, Hermione would rather free them and she can´t drink anyway," Harry replied. Since the French still regarded earthly delights to be the main reason why Hermione married a Malfoy, he saw no reason to continue this discussion. After minutes without a single word spoken Luna interrupted the silence. "Do you know anybody who likes to go to the library?" 'Hermione' the young wizard wanted to say but this was where the list in his mind ended. He was sure that there must be some Ravenclaw who shared her passion but then 'some Ravenclaw' didn´t sound like the husband he wished for his best friend. Hermione joined the party and Harry immediately felt his face redden. He stared at the ground hoping she wouldn't notice. He shouldn't have caught her doing that. It was impossible to get those disturbing images out of his mind.
Sunday-brunch at Hermione´s Susan arrived at the Manor and used the opportunity to check Hermione out. Everything was alright and her baby was healthy. Ginny and Pansy joined in a couple of minutes later and the six witches chatted while Draco and Harry had an eye on the children. The lord of the Manor made himself scarce. He had work to do, he claimed but Harry suspected that the older wizard felt uneasy among so many females gossiping. Pansy talked to Fleur about her finances. Since the Veela still worked at Gringott´s she helped her friends with the accounting. Most of them earned well and wanted to save up money so their children could have an easier start. "So, this Nigerian oil-tycoon I started seeing a couple of weeks ago, gave me a flat in Chelsea for my Virginity," Pansy started to explain. Seeing the weird look in the bushy-haired witch's face the young Slytherin turned to her. "You do know there are spells for that, don´t you? How in Merlin´s sake did you manage to get a husband that wealthy without it?" "I fail to see how a drop of blood could make a difference. He must have noticed that you´re far from innocent," Hermione defended herself. "I never said I was, anyway, since Fred won´t have any trouble taking over my family's estate, I want to give it to my cute little half-blood." "No problem, come by on Tuesday and I´ll help you with the paperwork," Fleur replied. "What will you do with your children when you see your sugar daddy?" Ginny asked. "My father lied about getting a job after his community service was finished and I promised not to tell mother if he helped me out a little," the witch answered sounding as innocently as she possibly could. "You could try honest work," Hermione suggested. Luna who had talked to Susan in private rejoined the conversation announcing that she was pregnant again. She wanted to tell Neville but he was busy working at Hogwarts and wouldn´t return home until next weekend. "You won´t be any less pregnant in five days," Ginny said. "Shouldn´t you wait 12 weeks before telling people?" Hermione asked. "Nah, no need to. If things didn´t work out we would be the ones supporting her anyway," the red-haired witch countered. "I´m seeing Ron," Susan threw into the room. Instantly everyone went silent and looked at Hermione. "You can have him," she answered. "You´re not angry with me? Am I still welcome in this group?" "Sure, I´m over him just don´t come to me crying when he breaks your heart," Hermione said dryly. To break the tension Pansy recommended the young Hufflepuff to marry the youngest son of the Weasley´s because Molly liked being a grandmother and would gladly help her out and watch over her baby even if it wasn´t blood-related to her. "It´s almost funny. Before I got pregnant I only wanted to get married to prevent my family form going extinct, now I would like to have someone consistent by my side," Susan told her friends. The two Gryffindors exchanged a look that could only be translated with: Are you sure Ron is what you´re looking for? But both of them bit their lips and said nothing. As the day progressed they talked more and more about adult topics. After a couple of wine bottles they the Hufflepuff admitted to having slept with her new boyfriend and that he didn´t disappoint. Now everyone wanted to hear what Hermione had to say about her ex´s prowess. She had a different experience. Ron was nothing compared to her husband. Thinking of their first night together she blushed but said nothing. The other witches made fun of her. She had been married for four years now and still blushed thinking of sex. "You´re such a prude, Hermione. You know there are other ways to do it than missionary under the blanked with lights out," Pansy said and everybody laughed. Wishing that what they thought of his friend was actually true, Harry fled the scene. Walking the halls of Malfoy Manor he found the elder Malfoy in his office, to his surprise working. He looked up and stared at the young wizard. Harry felt his face grew hot. "I, I had to get away from them," he stammered. "I see, I have to endure them once every month. Where is my son?" "He´s with the other witches," Harry answered. The former death eater inhaled sharply. The war hero didn´t realize what his slip of tongue implied. "There are things I never wanted to know about my son. Whether he prefers to top or bottom was among them. Although I can not say that I did not hope he would top, not that I am surprised."
Letter from Mr. Black Ron was sitting at the table eating his cereals when a strange owl dropped a letter right into his bowl. Milk splashed all over the table. The red-haired war-hero sent a hex after the animal but missed since the arrogant bird flew off without giving him as much as a single glance. Being in a terrible mood he fished the letter out of his breakfast. The green wax-seal bore a familiar crest. Ron used a spell to dry the paper so he could read it. His brother Percy invited him to dinner, he also took the liberty of inviting a 'friend' of him as well. His older brother even signed the paper shamelessly with 'Black'. That made the young wizard even angrier. How dare he abandon the family once again. But then he remembered that his mom told him that she wouldn´t be angry if he accepted his wife´s name, which led to a bigger question: How did his brother knew about Susan? "Mom! Percy invited me to dinner." "Mmph." "We don´t talk about our brother," Ginny explained. "Because he abandoned us," she added. "I don´t get it! Hermione marries Lucius Malfoy and everything is alright but when Percy marries the woman who decided the end of the war to our advantage, you make a fuss!" "That´s different! Hermione never abandoned us." "Neither did Percy he just sent me a letter." "Are you sure it was addressed to you and not Harry?" "Of course, I am," Ron said checking the envelope just to be sure. "The problem isn´t who he married or what his family name is, it´s the fact that we never see him. He doesn't even greet us if he isn´t alone. Nor does he come over for a chat or to dinner. We haven´t even seen him over the holidays, his wife isn´t into homely family gatherings," Ginny spat. "It´s not true. We always see Lord and Lady Black at the annually held Malfoy-Yule-Ball," George added. Molly left the kitchen. "Do you always have to spill oil into the fire?!" Ginny asked her one-eared brother. "The thing is, our brother was sorted into Gryffindor just like us. That means he should theoretically be able to stand up to his wife, it´s her problem if she doesn´t want to socialize with us, or he could simply tell us that we aren´t good enough for the noble Lord Black. Our parents are suffering from his absence at Christmas." "You spent Christmas with Lucius Malfy?!" "Don´t be silly, it´s not like anyone wants to have him at the Burrow anyway. But we´re always invited to the ball, George even provides the fireworks, and the Malfoy-elves always sent us the food scraps so mom can concentrate on the preparations for yule. Mom and Dad only make short appearances but when we had too much to drink we could always crash at the Manor. Apparently, I stay there often enough to warrant my own room... also Hermione hasn´t missed a single Christmas feast and we always have so much fun on boxing-day. Unlike Lady Black, her ex-husband always makes sure Hermione and the children attend." "What children?" "Draco and Rose," Ginny said. "He´s old and just wants the house to himself," George stated. "That doesn´t explain why they invited me and Susan to dinner," Ron groaned frustrated. "Let me see... Ah, here, they don´t know about Susan, they want you to bring Harry. But it would have looked wired if they only invited him but not their own blood," Ginny translated. "You speak Slytherin?! Why didn´t Narcissa invite Draco he could have taken Harry with him as well?" "Oh, don´t talk about those things, you see Lady Black still entertains the thought of having a proper pureblooded daughter-in-law. She still sends Draco portfolios of possible brides. we look at them together and make fun of them, the last 20 candidates didn´t even speak English." "But the thing with Harry was all over the news." "Narcissa is great at ignoring those issues." "Then what should I do?" Ron asked confused and overwhelmed. "Simple, you and Harry attend, Narcissa will ignore your presence, even without oozing blue-pus all over her apartment she´ll likely reject you, Percy will do whatever his wife wants him to do and they'll never invite you again. Just don´t mention Draco or Scorpio, she abhors being a grandmother. It makes her sound old and she apparently never was a family person."
Roadtrip Hermione sat on the big leather couch totally engulfed in the book she has been reading. Lucius joined her and gently bit her neck. His right hand stroked his wife´s thigh. "Lucius, you´re distracting me." "Am I?" he asked coyly opening her loosely fitted blouse. "Lucius." "Mmm." His big hands cupped her breasts. He placed a series of kisses on her chest while his hand found its way into her knickers. "I think we should get ready." "I want you to come first," her husband replied. Hermione looked at him for a moment deciphering what he was up to. "You wouldn´t start my contractions just so you don´t have to meet my relatives." The older wizard made an undignified sound reminiscent of a ….. toddler. The young witch kissed her husband´s cheek. "But we could work on that once we return home," she suggested flirtatiously. The unusual couple started to get dressed. While Hermione was still struggling to find something that looked well, fitted into a muggle setting and was stretchy enough to accommodate her belly, Lucius was quick to pick a suit. "You can´t wear an all-black outfit to my grandma´s birthday. She didn´t die. We´re not attending a funeral." They didn´t even get dressed and he was already annoyed. "You should wear something more colorful, something that looks friendly and likable," she suggested. "Why is it so important what I wear? We have been married for four years now and I have yet to meet your relatives. It is unlikely that I will see them regularly in the future." "Can you just for once stop being an arse?" the war-hero snapped. The former death eater chukled. "tut, tut, tut, such language from a lady." His wife stared at him and he immediately went silent. Lucius helped Rose to get dressed while the young with had to realize that her feet had gotten significantly bigger and that she couldn´t fit into the pumps she wanted to wear. The young witch sat on the floor sobbing. Lucius helped her up. Finally, all that excersising was put to good use. He told his wife to simply wear the boots it wasn´t like she could see her feet anyway. After she returned to the bathroom the were finally good to go. "Do you have the present?" "What?" "You said you bougth something for my grandma," Hermione shrieked. "That was a week ago," And truthfully the dark wizard only said it so that his wife would spot buggering him. Luckily the former death eater still had some currency left he had yet to splash on LEGO. Hermione took several bills and put them in an envelope. The Malfoy patriarch made sure she didn´t forget to put his wax seal on. It was already much later than the Gryffindor had planned when they finally stood in front of the car. The vehicle wasn´t much used and getting a high bach booster seat into the matt black Jaguar proved challenging. Why didn´t the elderly Granger choose a restaurant in central London? Then they could have apparated without raising akward questions. "I think, I need another car. A limosine maybe an Aston Martin or a Rolls Royce," Lucius stated. "No," his wife said sternly. "A Mercedes?" Hermione knew the dark wizard only aquired a car to brag and mess with either Arthur or her dad. She just couldn´t figure out who of them the intendet target was. The young witch was stressed because they were late and her husband´s driving did little to calm her nerves. "I know what I am doing, I have flown a broom since I was three," her husband insisted. The former death eater was, as funny as it sounded, actually was a confident driver but his younger wife would put more trust into his abilities if he wouldn´t always ignore the speedlimit. Didn´t he know that paying the fees didn´t give him the right to break the rules? After an hour they had to have a break because someone needed to go to the bathroom. At least Rose managed to get that covered before the went out since she couldn´t go to a public restroom all by herself. Only a few more weeks, the older wizard told himself. At the nearest gas station Hermione bought chocolate and ice-cream. "Did we not just had breakfast?" "That was two hours ago," Hermione justified herself. "You are not getting back into my car with this." Back on the road things were far from smoothly. "You´re going the wrong way!" "I did turn left just like you told me to," Lucius defended himself. "I meant the other left," the young witch replied. "Do I look like a Legimence? Why are you so stressed about this anyway?" "It´s important for me that at least my grandma likes you. None of the people I like can stand you for obvious reasons." "That young Veela likes me." "But I don´t like her." "Miss Weasley seems to be alright with me." "But how do I know if she actually thinks your OK and not just that you´re so much better than you used to be. My grandma is the only one I´m close to, who dosen´t know about your history. If she likes you it means that you are indeed likeable... she just has to like you" Hermione explained. "No pressure than."
Dinner with Lord and Lady Black Ron couldn´t understand what this fuss was all about. Sure the woman saved Harry´s life and he was seeing her son but why did he have to accompany the famous war-hero buying a present for their hosts. The red-haired didn´t get why they had to buy something at all. They were only having dinner with his least favorite brother and his wife. When they visited Bill they simply brought some leftovers from last night´s dinner and sweets for the girls over. Assuming that the lady would not appreciate a home-cooked meal they decided to buy flowers. Which presented the next question: What kind of flowers should they get? Or should they buy chocolate instead? No chocolate doesn't seem to be something a lady of her standing would actually eat. Or is there chocolate with no calories in the magical world? "We should get a bouquet of equal flowers, same color, same sort. That wouldn´t be offensive, I guess," Harry suggested. "Your call." they bought a bunch of rose-colored roses and Ron spent the next hour complaining about having spent so much money on something as useless as flowers even though technically Harry paid. The two war-heroes arrived just in time. Harry looked stunning in the assemble he shopped with Draco and Ron, well, Ron was relieved to have gotten at least Harry´s old dress robes to wear and therefore didn´t look too embarrassing. Other than the fact that neither of them regularly wore robes and that they felt awkward in it, it promised to be not a totally terrible evening. A house-elf wrapped in an old flannel opened them the door. After a minute of standing in the entrance Narcissa, wearing long and tightly cut dress robes, walked elegantly down the stairs. She looked beautiful. It was a miracle that the older witch arrived safely wearing high-heels and a long pencil-skirt since the staircase consisted of freely levitating glass-tiles with no banister rail what so ever. The look of the maisonette apartment made Harry wonder how often Scorpio came to visit. Percy followed his wife. The lady smiled at Harry as he handed her the flowers. They chatted a bit leaving Ron aside until Narcissa realized that someone forgot to offer them drinks. "Percival," she said sharply. The older wizard summoned a bottle of champagne and poured it into two glasses. He handed his wife and Harry one before filling a glass for Ron. They, now a little tipsy, followed the skinny witch upstairs to the formal dining room. Narcissa stood before the table until Percy offered her his chair. Snipping with his fingers he summoned the house-elf. Ron´s blood boiled. What upset him most was that his own brother, not the arrogant pureblood was the one who showed so little respect for the creature running their household. Ron was about to grab the wrong knife when Harry stopped him. "Not this one, take that one." "How do you know?" "Draco told me," he answered hoping to have not said something wrong. While cutting the tiny caramelized carrot on the huge silver plate she asked Harry if her sister was still seeing this muggle. Her distaste for nonmagical people was obvious. "No, she´s spending the summer with a boy from Hogwarts," the raven-haired wizard said hoping he didn´t look too embarrassed. "I don´t get why she doesn't show more grace. Andromeda is a grown woman and shouldn´t behave like a slut," Percy said. "It is called emancipation," his older wife commented dryly. "Oh, I didn´t mean it like that way. I find it admirable when a witch knows what she wants. I only thought that-" Narcissa cut him short with a simple gesture. Ron´s mouth was hanging wide open. He couldn´t believe it. How did his older brother manage to not suffocate crawling that deep into his wife´s butt? Was he always like that? The youngest Weasley-son thought his brother learned his lesson but clearly, he was mistaken. After the first four courses, the red-haired´s stomach growled loudly. An hour, a few courses and dessert later the two-war-heroes were starving. Percy showed them out and told Harry what a pleasure it was to have him and that was looking forward to repeating that. Ron was about to strangulate his brother but he was also pleased that he wouldn´t have to see him again. The raven-haired wizard tried to explain that he was rather busy with his Auror-training but the older wizard would have none of it. "I also promised Andromeda to help her with Teddy," that part was true, "Hermione, Ginny, Fleur, Luna... they all have little ones and now that I´m back I have to help them out." Having finally gotten rid of Percy, they were more than eager to leave. "McDonald´s?" Harry suggested. That made his friend very happy. Being on the verge of hunger-death he ordered a hundred hamburger for them. The two wizards only managed to eat about thirty but made many new muggle friend´s as a consequence. While dinner with Lord and Lady Black was dreadful the night turned out well.
Great-Grandmother Granger Arriving at the inn. Lucius helped his witches out of the car. Before they entered the building the dark wizard tried to calm his young wife down. After all what could possibly go wrong. "Do you have the gift?" Hermione asked. "In the trunk." The witch looked at her husband and at his car. "I am not allowed to accio it, am I?" "No, you´re not." Reluctantly the former death eater walked to the vehicle to retrieve the very present he forgot twice. Entering the inn, Rose ran to her grandparents ignoring the other muggle present. Immediately all eyes were fixed on them. The young witch took a deep breath. Lucius placed his hand on her back and led her further inside. Hermione´s father greeted them. "Lucius, how great you could make it." Hermione looked confused. "I told your father to behave," her mom explained. A young woman walked up to the bushy-haired witch. "It´s always about you. Can´t you just once blend in and not steal the show. It´s your grandma´s birthday for god´s sake." They looked confused. "Claudia wanted to utilize the occasion to announce her engagement to my nephew. They´ve been together for twelve years so it´s hardly a surprise." Mr. Granger told them. "They look happy together," the dark wizard stated. "Then my bets are on an early divorce," Hermione said. An elderly muggle walked towards them and hugged the witch tightly. "My little Hermione, all grown up. You looked good." Hermione´s grandma dragged the young family to a table in the corner. Lucius seated their daughter on his lap while his wife rested her head on the lady´s shoulder. She fed her favorite granddaughter cake. The dark wizard on the other side was bothered by something. Why would his beloved wife bet against him? "You´re husband seems to be a fine gentleman and handsome he is." "He has his moments." "How come I´ve never met him before," grandma asked. "Because we haven't seen each other in five years and back then I still thought I had a boyfriend." "Mmm. Five years? Someone has been quite busy." The war-heroine giggled. Watching his wife chat with her grandmother while trying to explain to his daughter that she wasn´t the only one who had one of those, the dark wizard fought hard to suppress the impulse of demanding answers. "Father, do you have a father as well?" "I do." "Where is he?" "He´s a portray now. I put him in the 'Bad Room'." "Why?" the little girl asked. "Because I do not think highly of him." "Why haven´t I seen him?" "He would not like you," He answered hoping his daughter would stop asking difficult questions. There was no good way of explaining to a child that she would be shamed and humiliated for coming from the uterus of a filthy mudblood. "Why do you have so little faith in the upcoming marriage of Ms. Claudia and your cousin?" "Because you´re a terrible judge of relationships." "I am not." "Yes, you are. In all those years, I´ve never seen one of your business-endeavors go haywire but you still have the fine chine you commissioned for Ginny and Harry´s wedding stored inside a cupboard." "You married me," He defended himself. "That was obvious. Everyone knew I would." The Malfoy patriarch went silent and bit his lip. "Lucius? You did propose to me." "But I did not think you would accept," he admitted meekly. "What!? Are you telling me you never wanted me as your wife?!" "No, of course not. I did wish for you to be my wife, I still do. I just did not believe you would accept so quickly considering how long it took you to allow me to court you... I needed to make sure you wouldn´t make me wait for another five years or so until you would be finally ready to take the next step. And then I was still coming to terms with my upcoming matrimony when you suddenly wanted a baby." "How unusual of one's fiance to want a family!" "You see, Draco was still mad at me for not talking to him in advance of proposing..." "He had all right to be. This was something that affected his life as well. Let me guess, the way he reacted when I told him I was expecting, you never talked about it with him either!" "I did. He laughed at me and told me I was too old for it. I interpreted it as his blessing." Hermione´s grandma laughed. "I like him, you should keep him with a man like that you´ll never be bored." This time the dark wizard was completely at loss. He has no idea what he had done right to have charmed the elderly lady and decided to play poker with his wife´s uncles and cousins. "You will not teach our daughter how to cheat at cards. I don´t want a repeat of what happened in Macau," the young witch told her husband. Grandma got curious. "We were kindly asked to leave the casino," the wizard explained. "Note the 'kindly'. Lucius managed to find in a back alley the only casino that didn´t constantly mix the cars to prevent people form counting at Black Jack..."
