Chapter 0: Author's Pre-notes! *(AN: 1) * Before we get started, I want to use this "Prologue" of sorts to give some background on my idea for this Fanfic. First off, from here on out there is a trigger-warning in effect for abuse and some language of which will be unfit for children, though that won't be until MUCH later in the story. The abuse itself will only be mentioned and later on, Harry will explain what happened. But I will never have the actual scene in this fic. *(AN: 2) * Now, onto Harry Potter himself. His time at the Dursleys was a lot less tame than it has been in either the books, the movies, or even some of the other fanfics. In my story Harry's "family" didn't just mentally abuse him, they did occasionally beat him. While it wasn't as extreme as flogging, it certainly wasn't just spanking either. He will have some scars, both mental and physical. Eventually, people who care about him later on in the fic talk to him in-depth about his time with his relatives and he explains to them in-depth about what all they did to him. I will put a trigger warning at the beginning of that chapter in order to protect any of those who might have negative reactions to reading such things. *(AN: 3) * With that out of the way, I would like to go more in-depth about some of the bashings that will be a part of this fic. First and Foremost, Dumbledore. I've always, personally, never agreed with the whole evil dumbles way of thinking. In my opinion, he has always fought for the good of the Wizarding World. He has fought in two magical wars and has been the leader of the Light for a very VERY long time. His mind is almost permanently in the big picture and tends to forget about the small one in the process. He does care and he is a good guy. But he is manipulative in his pursuit for a better world and often is perfectly fine with stomping on Wizarding tradition in order to bring mass progressive change to Wizarding Britain. Very similar to how Franklin Delano Roosevelt was to The United States in the Great Depression and World War Two. He's good at heart, just stuck in his ways is all. Now the next big one, the Weasleys. They will all be primarily good with only Molly and Ron being bashed slightly. Molly because she is trying to force Ginny and Harry together, and Ron because he's a bit arrogant, pig-headed, gluttonous, and incredibly jealous of everyone in even a slightly better position than he. Eventually, he might grow up… but not anytime soon that's for sure! The last two to discuss will be Severus Snape and James Potter. Being bullied as a kid, I know what it looks like. James was a bully, and Snape has every right to hold a grudge. There will be a little bit of James bashing but eventually, I think Snape will drop it because James is dead. Severus will be a bit more repentant in this and will see a bit more of Lily in Harry than James, but I won't spoil that part in the prologue! *(AN: 4) * And for the last bit of extra information before the Prologue starts in earnest, will be the Politics of the Wizengamot, my OC's that will be making appearances in the story, and the references for information that I will be using for everything in between, I will explain them in order. As was mentioned in the summary for HPBR, politics will be a semi-big part of this fic. I will be including quite a few sessions where debates will occur in full. Partially due to wanting to try my hand at it, and because politics has always fascinated me. Each House present in the Wizengamot will have a number of seats to their name and will have importance for the amount. When a debate chapter comes up, I will include the numbers of seats per faction (Light, Pureblood, and Neutral) at the top of the page under the name of the Chapter. In addition, I will also include a role-call in the first debate in order to put names to each of the numbers in the perspective factions. Leading handsomely into my next point, in order to fill up the Wizengamot with more people/families, I have, in collusion with my co-writer, created a number of families with different seat values into both the Light and Neutral factions. As the Pureblood Bloc was pretty decently outlined in the books as well as research into the Wiki for the Prince of Slytherin fanfic on the Wizengamot seats. For more information on the Wizengamot, or at least my version of it, please read into that wiki. As such, most of my OC families will have kids in Harry's year and I will have made it so that you can most certainly figure out which are mine and which are not. Lastly, but certainly not least, a huge thank you to "The Sinister Man" for his work on the Wizengamot rules and seat meanings as I will be taking huge inspiration in that field, the rest will be modeled after the US Congress and UK's Parliament. Not to mention the biggest reference I can possibly make in a Harry Potter Fanfic, J.K. Rowling. Thank you for creating this wonderful world and allowing us mere mortals to play with your sandbox. As well as my beautiful co-writer, editor, moral support, and love of my life, TheWoman1114. You're always on my mind and in my heart! *(AN: 5) * Also before I forget, there will be some pairings… but not till 3rd year, at minimum! Magic kisses may or may not be involved :3… Now… onto the Show!
Chapter 1: Dursleys, Snakes, and Trains, Oh My! *(AN)* *Disclaimer* I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters. The OC's belong to TheWoman1114 and me! Minor trigger warning, for abuse/punishment starving. The last few weeks have been hell for Harry; he couldn't think of time that his relatives were more upset with him than they had been as of late. Then again, Uncle Vernon still couldn't figure out a way to properly blame him for Dudley falling through the glass at the zoo. So, the git grounded him for laughing at his cousin's tumble into the snake pen. But sadly, that wasn't the worst part of this situation. The only times he was allowed out from under the stairs were to work on the garden, make them food, do other chores around the house, and occasionally use the loo. His "food" came through the mail flap on the door to his "room". If stale bread and half-drank water bottles counted as food, that is. It had only gotten worse when his Hogwarts letter came. He had found out that he was a wizard by a giant named Hagrid. He still couldn't get over that! A wizard! It was all so amazing! However, the Dursleys thought otherwise. "Oh wonderful, now the boy can go to a school full of freaks! Now they can all be freaks with their freakishness together away from all us normal-folk!" 'As my uncle had so kindly put it' Harry thought bitterly. "Well, this time it isn't all that bad… at least I can read up on the books for school." He mumbled happily to himself. At least it gave him something to do! His visit to "Diagon Alley" "Diagonally?" with Hagrid had been a godsend! Not only was it one of the coolest things he had ever experienced, but it also was very enlightening and intriguing at the same time. He also found out that his parents had left him quite a bit of money! 'Maybe I could buy my own house and move away.' Harry thought bitterly. Though, in all honesty, it could always be worse. He could have been thrown in an orphanage or, God forbid, the Dursleys could beat him more often. Not to mention now that he knew that he wasn't alone, it was a major upgrade compared to his usual groundings. 'I have Hedwig now.' He thought happily as he scratched the beautiful snowy owl under her beak. By the looks of it, he had seven core classes: Astronomy, Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, History of Magic, Potions, and Transfiguration, with electives happening during later years. There were four classes that he was looking forward to the most, even though all of them seemed interesting in their own rights! That magic four were Charms, DADA, Potions, and Transfiguration. He chuckled to himself as the excitement and resulting hype train grew. This year was going to be great; he just knew it! _OOOOO_ *A few weeks later* Harry awoke with a start as loud banging knocked on his door to signal it was time to get up. 'Today's the day! I finally get to leave for Hogwarts' Harry thought excitedly to himself. Quickly rousing from his disturbed slumber. He quickly put on his clothes and began to gather his luggage with Hedwig's cage perched right on top of it all. He saw that Hagrid was out front waiting for him, and his heart nearly blew out of his chest with all the happiness, excitement, and lust for freedom that'd been welling inside of him in the weeks prior! If only the moment could have lasted longer. "Hurry up boy!" Uncle Vernon grouched out, "The sooner you leave, the sooner that freak can leave with you!" However, just as he said that, Hagrid had finally made it through the MUCH narrower doorway. "The only freaks I see are you lot." Hagrid huffed, but then smiled happily as he saw that Harry was already raring to leave, "'Iya 'Arry! Are ya ready ta go?" With that question, Harry nodded enthusiastically and purposely ignored the "ungrateful freak" that he heard his uncle mumble at the scene. Hagrid then held out a small train ticket with his name on it. "An' it's 'bout time innit!" He exclaimed honestly and with a slight belly chuckle, as Harry took the ticket. "Alright, now… when yer ready… Say 'Freedom.'" Now this struck Harry kind of odd, as he looked at the ticket. He could almost feel the magic that was oozing off it, even as Hagrid took hold of it slightly. "What? What do you mean by say 'Freedom'?" Then, he felt a pulling at his navel and his entire world began to spin violently. And with a pop, Hagrid and Harry vanished, leaving an extremely horrified and irate Dursley family behind them. _OOOOO_ *September 1st, King's Cross Station: Near platforms 9 and 10. * With a small pop Hagrid and Harry appeared in a small room that appeared to be vacant. Hagrid landed rather solidly, while a very surprised and irate Harry Potter landed in a heap with his luggage. Even Hedwig was upset with the surprise transit, letting off an indignant and incensed squawk. "Hagrid, what on Earth was that!?" Harry exclaimed loudly "Where are we? What was that and-" When suddenly his stomach caught up with him and his head spun circles. Throwing up his previous night's food onto the floor, Hagrid guffawed. "'At was a portkey." He said between chuckles, "Don' worry too much 'bout it. Everyone struggles wit' it on 'eir first time!" 'Whatever this portkey is…' Harry thought to himself, 'I never want to experience that again. Bloody mad it is.' As he was helped to his feet by the giant man, Hagrid pointed his umbrella at the puke and vanished it with a minor swish. "Alright Harry, this is where I have ta part wit' ya." He said softly, "Now, yer train is on Platform 9¾. Ta get to it; you need to run at ther wall in betwin platforms 9 and 10 alright?" He finished matter-of-factly. As Harry picked up his glasses from the ground, he became quite perplexed by what Hagrid had said. "Run at the wall? What do you mean run at the wall?" But, by the time he looked up, Hagrid was gone again. 'The Wizarding World is so very strange.' _OOOOO_ Eventually he found said wall between platforms 9 and 10. Curious as to what Hagrid meant, Harry walked up to the wall and inspected it for a minute or two. After finally working up some courage, and making sure no one was looking while he was at it, he sprinted at the wall with his luggage in tow and when he was about to impact… nothing? 'Nothing?' Harry thought perplexedly to himself. 'Oh wait. Magic. I forgot.' As he made his way through the dimly lit hallway, he found himself becoming more and more fascinated by the new world which was slowly revealed to him. When he finally came to the end, he was greeted by an extraordinary sight. Platform 9¾, and the Hogwarts Express. Harry quickly checked the time and was happy to see that it was 10 o'clock sharp. He still had an hour before the train left! Making his way to the growing pile of luggage, he set his down next to the others. Opening up Hedwig's cage, he offered her a shoulder for which to perch. She hooted happily and literally jumped at the opportunity, perching perfectly on his shoulder. Taking the chance to stretch her wings and clean her feathers; however, as he set off to go explore his surroundings, he heard an insult match going on and went to investigate. What greeted him was two particular parties arguing about something. The first party, of which seemed to be the antagonizers, had 6 members. A blonde boy, a pug faced girl, two overweight boys, an overweight girl, and an almost sickly-looking boy. The blonde one seemed to be the ringleader. While the other party had 4 girls and 2 boys. Their backs were facing him. But what was most interesting about them was that they seemed to be protecting a bushy-haired girl. "Step aside, Cross." The blonde one said, "When my father's bill goes through the Wizengamot, the likes of her won't be allowed in the sacred halls of Hogwarts!" This one bothered Harry, he seemed incredibly full of himself, and a bit of a git. "First off Malfoy," 'Cross' stated in firm, but steely manner, "Both the Progressives and the Marinists don't support this bill. Not even the Halikorne family support this bill. Let this girl pass and I won't let the Knottleys hex you into the next century." He had short black hair, but Cross seemed to be the leader. He assumed the two look-a-like girls were the Knottleys. However, tragedy struck. "You there!" Malfoy called out to him. 'Bugger.' Harry cursed to himself. "Are you a muggleborn as well? If so, you're not allowed on this train!" He stated smugly. "What is your name, mudblood?" he demanded with some ire. There were some gasps at the use of the word, so he assumed it was an insult. 'Oh great, a bigot.' He assumed. "My name is Harry, Harry Potter." He responded simply. However, almost everyone else didn't find it simple. It was like a bomb went off and all movement and even most sound died instantly on the platform. It was sort of amusing, as Malfoy looked like he had swallowed a ferret and his goons were just as horrified. While the other group simply inspected him curiously. "My God, you're serious, aren't you?" Cross asked curiously. Again, Harry nodded. Malfoy huffed a sigh of frustration and headed off into the train with his clique, muttering about being surrounded by mudbloods and blood-traitors. Though, the sickly one at the back of the pack stopped at the entrance to the train after the others had entered in and nodded respectfully at Harry, to which he returned in kind. "This is going to be a really interesting year, isn't it?" Harry mumbled to Hedwig as he approached the remaining group. _OOOOO_ *(AN)* The Meritists are the Neutral faction members, The Progressives are the Light faction members, and the Pureblood Bloc is the Dark and Fanatical members. OC Families: The Knottleys, The Crosses, The Halikornes, The Brightwaters, and the Moonspires. They will all be further introduced later on in the story, particularly the next chapter. They are all Meritists and will have huge impacts on the story as a whole. I look forward to reading the responses to this! Please keep the critiscism to a productive level and be nice to each other in the comments! Debating is not only allowed, but encouraged! Take Care, Shrocky
Chapter 2: A New Life, A New Family, And a Sorting. *(AN)* *Disclaimer* I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters. The OC's belong to TheWoman1114 and me! This chapter will be the first to host a Wizengamot session, so I hope that you all enjoy it! Pureblood Bloc (Dark) Seat Count: 88 Progressives (Light) Seat Count: 60 Meritists (Neutral) Seat Count: 76 _OO|O|OO_ Ministry of Magic: Wizengamot Meeting Room 4 The hammering of a gavel turns an irate room into a quiet one. Everyone in the room focuses on the man at the center of it all; The defeater of Grindelwald, the Leader of the "Light", Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards, Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, Grand Sorcerer, and Headmaster of Hogwarts, Albus Percival Wulfric, Brian, Dumbledore. Of who is very upset that he is here when he should be at Hogwarts awaiting the students' arrivals. Not to mention, he very much understands who is to blame for this very pointless meeting of the Supreme Governing Body: Lucius Scorpius Malfoy, Head of the "Noble" House of Malfoy, and head of the Pureblood Bloc. Whom, after many years of planning, is finally making his move against the muggle-born of the British Wizarding Society. No, Dumbledore was not happy indeed. "I bring this Wizengamot meeting to order." Dumbledore began, "Today's meeting has one order of business, and once it is explained by those who have forwarded it, it will be brought to the floor to either amend and pass it or dismiss it altogether." As Chief Warlock for almost 20 years, Albus has had much experience in maintaining a neutral tone when having to present for the highly bigoted legislature, such as what Lucius was about to push through. "Lord Malfoy, the floor is yours." Before he even spoke, the pompousness and swagger of Lucius Malfoy had filled the room to its entirety and even had leaked out into the surrounding hallways. "Thank you "esteemed" Chief Warlock," Lucius began with a sly grin that certainly didn't reach his eyes, "I have brought you all here today to discuss the passing of legislature that is sorely needed to ensure the sanctity of our glorious nation." Many in the room, even some of his supporters, rolled their eyes at his bluster. "Those of whom come from non-magical backgrounds are grossly misinformed of our society. Thus, they are a danger to the International Statute of Secrecy and the Wizarding World as a whole." Lucius continued before revealing a stack of papers to which he cast a Duplicating charm and sent a copy of said papers to each member of the room. "I implore each one of our esteemed members to consider this proposal. We should prevent those new to our society from endangering themselves and those around them by allowing them to attend Hogwarts. Instead, they should be sent to some of the smaller schools to prevent and protect the misuse of their newly found powers." Lucius seemed to feel an air of confidence and made his point finally clear, "We should remain separate but equal." Albus had to give the man credit, for as infuriating and bigoted as Lucius Malfoy was, he certainly was a Slytherin through and through. His speech had done a spectacular job of disguising his narrative with honeyed words and false feelings in an attempt to sway some of the neutrals to his favor. But the question remained: Did it pull enough of their votes to get his way? "Thank you, Lord Malfoy. With that, I open the floor to political debate, but first," He paused, inspecting the room, "may I see a show of wands for whoever wishes to either accept or amend this proposal?" The reaction was as he feared, an easy majority rose their wands in favor of bringing the proposal forward. However, what surprised him the most was that two of his dearest friends, Madame Griselda Marchbanks and Madame Augusta Longbottom, both raised their wands in favor. Thus, bringing the total vote count of 184 votes for and 40 against. With a sigh, he conceded the point motioned for the debate to begin. Small conversations broke out within the chamber as the alliances convened and discussed their arguments. For, against, etc. This lasted for around twenty minutes before someone cast a Sonorous charm and cleared their throat. Which brought Albus out of his musings before they truly began. The first to raise their wand for debate surprised Albus at the source. Lord Johnathan Knottley, a former member of the Progressives in the First War against Voldemort. He became a member of the newly growing Meritists after entering a formal alliance with his childhood friend and former dark family member Lord Alexander Cross. "As a former student of Hogwarts," He began passionately, "I cannot help but find myself in agreement with Lord Malfoy on some of his points. However, I believe we follow by his..." Knottley certainly tried to keep a straight face, "well-informed and "esteemed" example. As it is abundantly clear that the muggle-born of this society are brought in under a quite severe disadvantage. I say we follow Lord Malfoy and go to new lengths to bring the newcomers up to speed!" "And what is your amended proposal, Lord Knottley?" Albus inquired. Clearing his throat and brandishing a victorious smile, "I say that we still allow them to attend Hogwarts, however, we give the newcomers a class mixed with both Purebloods and Muggle-borns as to both make the transition from the Muggle World to the Magical World easier, and providing them detailed knowledge about the inner-workings of our 'glorious nation.' Lord Knottley seemed to glow with pride as several 'here-here's were heard throughout the chamber and Lord Halikorne's booming guttural laughter was heard throughout the ministry. "Bahahaha! Didn' expect 'at now did ye Lucy! Bette' lock next time ye blonde twet!" Halikorne exclaimed through fits of laughter. Much to his credit, Lucius did not respond to the Scottish Monster Hunter's taunts. He simply took a deep breath, nodded his defeat to Lord Knottley and calmly left the chamber. Albus couldn't have prayed for a better outcome than what had just happened, even "The Mad-Scotsman" Lord Faylnn Halikorne agreed with the sentiment. Not to mention, much to his amusement, Lucius seemed to be changing a quite remarkable shade of red. But wisely remained silent as to hold his temper in check. "Shall we put it to a vote?" Asked Albus with a small smile, "All in favor of passing this legislation into law?" What followed next wasn't all too surprising but contained one outlier. The vote count was 137 to 87, which certainly passed the fifty percent requirement. Though the one vote that surprised him the most was the vote of one Lord Maladictus Flint, of whom had been known for wanting to separate from his vassalization by the Malfoy family for some time now. And it would seem that he was making his move. "Then, it is with great pleasure that I, the Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, recognize by the ancient magics and the new, that this proposal is made law in the eyes of the Gods and Magic herself. So mote it be." And with a swish of his wand, the magic shifted in the room and swirled about as each member repeated: "So mote it be," and raised their wands as well. "Thus, endeth this meeting of the Wizengamot. You may all leave at your own leisure." As the members all began to leave, Lord Flint and Lord Cross remained behind and seemed to be discussing business. Meanwhile, Lord Knottley approached Albus. "Good Morning Albus." Johnathan greeted with a warm smile, "It would seem that you require a professor for this new class of yours." "It would seem that I am, John!" Albus replied with a grandfatherly chuckle, "And it is a good morning, isn't it?" "Indeed, it is." Johnathan agreed heartily. "I assume that you wish to take up the role of Professor? Or did you have someone in mind for such an important role?" To his credit, Albus was almost fooled by the thoughtful look that dominated Lord Knottley's features... almost. "It would seem that way, seeing as I was the creator of this bill." He responded pseudo-thoughtfully. "However, the answer is still yes." It warmed his old heart that despite leaving his faction politically, John could still keep the best interests of the wizarding world at heart. His wife was indeed a muggle-born after all. "Then I believe that you should accompany me to Hogwarts "Professor". We have some work to do before the students arrive in a few hours!" He exclaimed with a good degree of excitement as he led him to the floo-network fireplace that he had in his Ministry office adjunct to the meeting room. 'Oh yes, plenty of work to do.' he thought to himself, 'With this development, we are one step closer to defeating the bigotry of this society!' _OO|O|OO_ On the Hogwarts express: 7 hours until arrival Harry was feeling quite awkward and embarrassed at the moment. As was expected when you had a train compartment full of people all inspecting you curiously, and you alone. So, he tried to work up some courage to break the silence. "So, um, what are all of your names…?" This seemed to have the desired effect, as they all looked at each other, nodding to the others. All except the bushy-haired girl actually, who continued to inspect him before burying her face in a book titled, Hogwarts: A History. "Alright then," The raven-haired boy to the far left began, "My name is Cassius, heir to the House of Cross. Sitting next to me are the Knottley twins, Bonnie and Evelynne." They each waved to him in unison before Cassius continued. "Next to them are Daphne, heir to the House of Greengrass, and... and...? Pardon me miss, what's your name?" She slowly looked up from her book, slightly embarrassed at being included in this introductory conversation. "H-Hermione Granger..." She replied meekly. "I'm a... muggle-born..." As Harry inspected her, he made a few observations in his head. From the looks of it, she was in a very similar boat to him and is feeling a lot of the same anxieties as him as well. "I'm Harry. It's nice to meet you, Hermione." He replied with a soft smile, "Is that Hogwarts: A History? Hagrid told me that it contains all the knowledge about the school that I could possibly ever need. Is it good?" He asked genuinely. That seemed to break her shell as her eyes grew to the size of saucers and began to almost literally sparkle. "Oh, it's absolutely wonderful!" She exclaimed enthusiastically, "Itcontainsabsolutelyeverythingyoucouldpossiblywishtoaskforabouttheschoolandevenjustrandomfactsaboutthewizardingworldandlotsofothercoolsmall-..." She rambled until she realized that she was rambling. Then proceeded to give tomatoes a good run for their money on their shade of red. "Sorry..." She mumbled meekly. Harry could tell that she was quite embarrassed. He was about to say something when Bonnie beat him to the punch. "Oh!" She exclaimed with a quiet little giggle, "I can already tell where the sorting hat will put you..." She proclaimed with a bit of pride. As if Hermione wasn't already flushed enough, she began to look as if the entirety of her blood was in her face. "W-which house?" She questioned nervously. Pausing for dramatic effect before looking at her sister, of whom nodded in agreement with her twin, then proclaimed, "You're the perfect Ravenclaw!" Tilting her head as if she somehow didn't understand why she suddenly had an epiphany, then looked down towards the floor. "Is that a bad thing? What about Gryffindor...?" She asked with a great deal of nervousness and shame. That is when Harry decided to speak up, "I think that it'd be nice to be in Ravenclaw, Hermione. Not to mention, you seem pretty smart." He assured, "I'm pretty certain that you'd do great there!" A small blush crossed her face and she smiled at him shyly, "Do you really mean that?" She asked, hope positively gleaming in her eyes. "Of course." He exclaimed, "If you went there, I'd be pretty honored to be in the same house as you." He meant it, she seemed the true bookworm type and probably enjoyed learning as much or more than he did. He had to admit, picking up a good book always put him at ease. His words seemed to soothe her, so she took a deep breath and relaxed a little. The relief visually flooding her body. "He's exactly right," Cassius agreed, "Ravenclaw has produced some of the brightest witches and wizards of our world. And if you are anywhere near as smart as you seem or look, I'm pretty sure you'll easily join their ranks." The others in the carriage agreed whole-heartedly, which caused Hermione to blush further. "So," exclaimed Daphne Greengrass trying to get the attention off of Hermione, "I heard that there is a trolley lady that has a ton of sweets and chocolates...-" And just as she said those words, "Sweet Trolley!" An elderly lady announced to their compartment, "Anything off the trolly dears?" Harry saw the trolley and his eyes nearly rocketed out of his head! The only time he's ever even seen so much candy in one place was when his fat cousin Dudley had stolen a bunch of candy bags off some other kids with his gang. And before he could even think properly, plunged his hand into his pocket and grabbed a handful of galleons. "We'll take two of everything. On me!" He exclaimed. His outburst caused everyone in the compartment to gasp. Cassius even began to try to argue that he'd help pay, but Harry shook his head and stood his ground. "I've got plenty more where that came from." He stated firmly, "My..." He hesitated a bit, "Parents, left me a trust fund of fifty thousand galleons from the family vault. I can afford to buy some sweets for my new friends." He explained with a genuinely warm smile. "My first and only friends..." He tried to mutter quietly. Though Harry only caught it out of the corner of his eye, one person heard what he had said and lunged over and gave him a big hug, causing him to freeze at the unexpected physical contact. "You're my first friend too," Hermione whispered with a small number of tears in her voice, "I really hope that we can become best friends..." Harry had never been hugged before. The only time he'd ever seen it before then was when he'd snuck glances at the telly and on the off chance, Aunt Petunia gave one to either Dudley or Uncle Vernon. Surprisingly, this was a lot nicer than he ever thought. To feel the warmth and the genuine intent behind it was too much for him to bear. So he hugged her back, emotion rising in his chest and tears blurring his vision, he eventually replied a soft, "Best friends forever..." Which caused her to hug him tighter. However, their moment was interrupted by several "Aw's" by the other girls of the compartment and the trolley witch. "That is the sweetest thing I've ever seen in all my years of working on this train." She admitted whilst producing a handkerchief and rubbing the tears from her eyes, "Choose whatever you want dears. It's on me for today." This caused the entire compartment to gasp again and made Harry really embarrassed. But as he tried to protest the trolley witch simply held up a hand to prevent him. "No, I will not ruin such a beautiful moment by asking you to pay for something that will only make it better." She declared matter-of-factly. "Then... what is your name so I can thank you for your generosity?" Harry asked pleadingly. This seemed to have an impact on the old lady. "The last person to ask me my name was your current Headmaster, almost... I don't know... one hundred years ago?" She professed much to the astonishment of everyone present, "Seeing as he's just turned one 110 just last week?" She seemed to smile fondly at the memory, "It would seem I have a new Patronus memory," She admitted softly, more to herself than anyone else, "Marianne Honeyduke. At your service Mister Potter." She greeted with a small curtsy. "How did you-?" He tried to ask, but before he could get it out, everyone responded in near-perfect unison, "Everyone knows who you are." Causing him to mutter "Bollocks…" Much to the amusement to the elderly which, and everyone else present for that matter. However, there was one amongst them that had their attention caught on something else. "Wait a minute," A rather exasperated Evelynne Knottley said, "Honeyduke, as in THE Honeydukes?" She asked with visible excitement. "The very same." She exhumed with a great measure of pride. Evelynne looked as if she was going to faint. "But-But, if you're here... Why aren't you running Honeyduke's?" She asked desperately. Miss Honeyduke sighed in nostalgia, "Many years ago when my parents died, I was all that was left of the Honeyduke family." She began with a small measure of sadness. "Even further so, I found out very soon after that I could never have children due to some unforeseen problem at birth. I was heartbroken, lost, and felt hopeless as to what to do. However, an epiphany arrived in the form of the Daily Prophet, which offered a job on the Hogwarts Express as the trolley witch. It gave me an idea as to what to do with my life. So, it was then that I decided that the name of Honeyduke should live on with another family. I offered it to a dear friend of mine from my own Hogwarts days... Ambrosia Flum. And it seems to have worked out as Ambrosia's great-grandson still works the shop to my knowledge. Ambrosius Flum, I believe his name is..." Eventually, it proved too much for the young sweet-addict and unconsciousness took her, much to the amusement of her friends. "It's honestly quite strange, our Anne loved both sweet and sour." Bonnie mused, "Whereas I like sour, and Eevee likes sweet. Though, "like" is a very weak word for it." _OO|O|OO_ After receiving their choice of snacks and sweets, the group of first years all spent time getting to know one another. The first one, Cassius, intrigued Harry quite a bit. He seemed much older than their shared age of 11. Though, as much as his new friend tried to hide it, he was quite cunning and remarkably quick-witted. In all honesty, Harry had at first glance thought that he would have been one of the bad kids. But he was remarkably protective of his friends and was actually quite nice. His raven black hair that hung in a lazy little pony-tail and pale skin would have been enough if it weren't for his eyes. They almost appeared to be glowing like molten amber, but it must have been a trick of the light. After a while, he moved over to Harry's side and sat with him. The twins sitting next to him were just as intriguing as Cassius, but for many different reasons. When it came to everything, except their favorite candies, of course, they were quiet, polite, and thoughtful. Not to mention they seemed to know what the other is thinking on a constant basis. According to them, twins in the Wizarding World were somewhat of an oddity. If their physical appearances were similar, more often than not, their personalities would be different. Adversely, if they differed physically, their personalities would be identical. This proved to be the truth with them. As Evelynne, or Eevee, had platinum blonde hair, white skin, and dark navy blue eyes. Whereas Ebbani, or Bonnie, had a darker tan skin tone, black hair, and husky light blue eyes. However, they both had similar builds, the same height, the same long wavy hair, and the same physical structure. They were quite pretty as well. And towards the end of the train ride, they revealed that their mother was a Turkish muggle-born, which meant that they were both in the same boat as Harry. Next to them was Daphne Greengrass. Daphne perplexed Harry, she hadn't said a word the entire trip and seemed to be quite calm and collected. That was until Cassius got out his wizard's chess set and board. She seemed to come out of her shell a bit and revealed herself to be quite observant and cunning. At first glance, she seemed to always be three or four steps ahead of everyone else, and this proved fact when she proceeded to clean the board with everyone she played against. The only people to give her any sort of a challenge were the Twins and Hermione, of whom almost beat her. The Twins, because they were practically two opponents at once. Her appearance was very regal. She had dirty blonde hair that was up in a bun and had a pretty but angular face. She reminded him of royalty for some reason. And last but not least was Hermione Granger. She was easily the most intelligent one in the compartment and had quickly offered everyone copies of her notecards she had taken over this year's curriculum. She was a bit shy at first but quickly became quite extroverted as everyone began to become friends with one another. She had long and bushy chestnut-brown hair and similarly colored eyes. She had a small bit of an overbite, but it wasn't really that noticeable in Harry's opinion. She also was extremely nice and had taken her seat right next to Harry on the other side of Cassius. After their brief moment earlier, she tended to give him hugs more often and occasionally even held his hand. She was definitely his new best friend! _OO|O|OO_ 7 Hours later: Hogsmeade Station After taking turns letting each other change in the compartment, the train finally arrived at Hogsmeade. Sticking together, they all exited the train together and were greeted by Hagrid. Of whom was beckoning all first-years to him. Upon seeing Hagrid again, Harry almost rushed up to give him a big hug but was cut off a quietly mouthed later by the gentle giant. "Gather 'round children gather 'round! Alright, all of ya foller me ta the boats." He exclaimed loudly, "No mer than three ta a boat. Come on, no time fer dallyin'!" As his year mates followed their instructions, so did he and his friends. In one boat was Hermione, Ebbani, and Harry, while another just behind them contained Cassius, Daphne, and a weirdly flustered Evelynne. The sight leading up to Hogwarts was astonishing. Harry had never thought that something amazing and magical could ever exist. His year mates apparently agreed with him as continuous 'ooh's and 'aah's would be heard throughout the dingy flotilla. After arriving on the shore at the base of the humongous castle, Harry helped the two girls off of the dingy before exiting himself. He then quickly ran over to Hagrid who was having a bit of a rough time getting out of his dingy. Harry helped as best as he could before giving Hagrid a quick hug and sprinting to catch up with the group who had been greeted by an elderly witch with dark green robes and a stereotypical pointy hat. "Welcome to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." She began, a slight Scottish brogue evident in her voice, "My name Minerva McGonagall, I am the Deputy Headmistress here at this institution as well as the Head of Gryffindor House. If you would all follow me, I will lead you to the Great Hall where you will all be sorted, and dinner will be served." Minor conversations broke out amongst the first years as they dutifully followed Professor McGonnagal, some were conjecture about how they'd be sorted, some about food, and one particular first-year who had lost his pet toad, Trevor. Though one of his year mates made his way through the crowd with Harry directly in his sight. His platinum blonde and slicked-back hair made it quite apparent who he was. "Malfoy." Cassius growled, "To what do I owe... the 'pleasure'?" He questioned with sarcasm dripping off each word. "Not you Cross. Obviously" Malfoy explained with contempt. "I'm here to talk to Heir Potter." "And if he doesn't want to talk to you?" Daphne questioned with a chill as cold as ice in her tone. Looking at the Greengrass heiress, Malfoy looked her up and down then sniffed, "That isn't for you to decide." He proclaimed haughtily before looking into Harry's eyes, "Draco Malfoy, heir to the Noble House of Malfoy. Here at Hogwarts, one needs to have the right kind of friends. I can help with that." He professed whilst offering a hand. "Someone of your political rank shouldn't concern themselves with someone of lower stock." "I think I can tell the right kind of people for myself, thanks," Harry responded with minor fire in his voice, "And from what I've been informed of... since when did hanging out with the heirs and members of three Ancient and Noble Houses become negative? Not to mention the most intelligent witch I've had the pleasure of meeting. The only person of lesser noble standing that I can see right now is you and your bodyguards." The group then proceeded to leave Malfoy and his goons in the dust. A loud clearing of Professor McGonnagal's throat seemed to pull the Malfoy scion out of his stupor by being so verbally smacked. As they entered the Great Hall, Harry became more and more enamored by the ancient castle, and then proceeded to become quite embarrassed and nervous at the many whispers about him throughout the tables. When they finally got to the end near the staff table, Harry and the other first-years were greeted by a little brown stool with a hat on top. Professor McGonagall then announced to them to wait for their name to be called, before turning to whom could only be described as a Gandalf look-a-like. "Welcome back to yet another wonderful year here at Hogwarts! For those of you returning yet another year, you all know the drill by now. And I must say welcome back and thank you for returning!" He then paused, before scanning the first-years with a grandfatherly smile. He stopped when his eyes gazed upon Harry. "And to you first years, welcome to your new home for the next nine months!" He then gestured to the entire hall, "First we shall sort our newcomers, then we shall get to eating!" He then gestured to Professor McGonagall to begin as she brandished a long scroll. She then began to read the names aloud one at a time to be sorted. "Abbot, Hannah?" Professor McGonagall called out first before lifting the hat off the stool. Hannah then slowly walked up and sat on the stool, before the hat was set upon her head. A few moments passed, then the hat, much to Harry's surprise, yelled "Hufflepuff!" Which was followed by much applause by the Hufflepuff table. "Bones, Susan?"... "Hufflepuff!" "Trevor, Boot?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Brocklehurst, Mandy?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Brown, Lavender?"... "Gryffindor!" "Bulstrode, Millicent?"... "Slytherin!" "Corner, Michael?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Cornfoot, Stephen?"... "Hufflepuff!" "Crabbe, Vincent?"... "Slytherin!" "Cross, Cassius?" Harry cheered him on a bit as did some of their group, rewarding them a warm smile... The hat seemed to wait quite a bit. Professor Dumbledore seemed to get excited at this and removed a pocket watch from his sleeve looking at it eagerly. Before the hat finally called out, "An ambitious and cunning one here Headmaster... Slytherin!" Which caused the snake den to cheer loudly with some standing ovations. Though after the hall quieted down a bit, the sorting continued. "Davis, Tracey?"... "Slytherin!" A few gasps followed her for some reason. "Entwhistle, Kevin?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Finch-Fletchley, Justin?"... "Hufflepuff!" "Finnigan, Seamus?"... "Gryffindor!" "Goldstein, Anthony?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Goyle, Gregory?"... "Slytherin!" "Granger, Hermione?" Harry looked over at her with a reassuring smile, before realizing that they had been holding hands, which caused them both to blush. She then slowly made her way to the stool and hat, nervousness practically dripping off of her. "Oh my..." The Hat mused, causing Hermione to flinch and pale significantly. "What a brain we have here... She's one of the most intelligent minds to come through my chair Headmaster... I know exactly where to put you... "Ravenclaw!" Which was followed by yet another booming applause from the Ravenclaw table. She then proceeded to quickly take an open seat at Ravenclaw's table, making very sure to save a seat just in case. "Greengrass, Daphne" Harry, and the others that were still unsorted, cheered on their friend as she slowly made her way to the stool. However, as soon as the hat made contact with her head frantically panicked, "Gah! So cold! It's freezing! SLYTHERIN!" Which generated a good deal of laughter, 'Ice Queen indeed' Harry chuckled to himself. "Hopkins, Wayne?"... "Hufflepuff!" "Halikorne, Elias?" And not even two seconds after his name was called his mouth went racing. "It's aboot bloody time! How many are there of us anyway?!" He then made his past his other year mates and plopped down onto the stool. Much to the dismay of the rest of the Great Hall. Barely containing her rage, she calmly put the hat on the young Scot. Silence didn't last long yet again as the hat began screaming, "SLYTHERIN! TAKE ME OFF, TAKE ME OFF, TAKE ME OFF!" Causing her to quickly remove that hat in order to silence it. "Pfft. Pansy Hat." Elias grumbled as he made his way to a quickly opened seat at the Slytherin table. "Jones, Megan...?"... "Hufflepuff!" Everything was back to normal. "Knottley, Ebbani?" With some small cheering from Eevee and himself, Bonnie made her way to the stool. Everything seemed to be going normal until the very moment the leather hat grazed the top of her head, "RAVENCLAW!" Which generated some applause. She gave Harry and her sister a small high five as she walked by them to her respective table. "Knottley, Evelynne?" Harry gave her a small thumb's up as she made her way forward, when in much similar fashion to her twin, "SLYTHERIN!" Harry clapped for her enthusiastically as she repeated the gesture her sister made and gave both Harry and Bonnie a high five on the way to her seat next to Cassius. It was about then that the nerves began to get to Harry. Particularly, when Eevee made her way back to her new table. The anxiety generated by anticipation of his own sorting dominating his mind. 'I really hope that I get into either Slytherin or Ravenclaw... Any of the houses would be cool but I really want to be with my friends...' "Li, Sue?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Longbottom, Neville" 'Oh.' Harry remarked to himself, 'He's the one with the toad.' Though come to find out, he had a lot more to him than that. "Ah... Interesting... Very interesting... You have quite the green thumb young one... Such a kind heart and a true strength within. And with loyalty to spare? I know just where you'd branch out nicely... HUFFLEPUFF!" Which caused the house of black and gold to applaud loudly in support of their new member. "Macdougal, Isobel?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Macmillan, Ernest?"... "Hufflepuff!" After him, Harry heard Malfoy whisper with an air of reverence and disappointment to nobody in particular something about "A Sacred Twenty-Eight member shouldn't be a duffer..." "Malfoy, Draco" Which brought the poncey git out to the front, bumping shoulders with a few of the students in his way, Harry noted. Though he didn't even make it to the stool when the hat seemed to scoff out, "Slytherin." Causing him to shrug and strut his way to the Slytherin table. "Malone, Roger?"... "Gryffindor!" "Nott, Theodore?" Harry remembered him from earlier. They made brief eye-contact and exchanged small nods to one another... "Slytherin!" 'Unsurprising.' Harry admitted to himself. "Parkinson, Pansy?"... "Slytherin!" "Patil, Padma?"... "Ravenclaw!" "Patil, Parvati?"... "Gryffindor!" "Perks, Sally-Anne?"... "Gryffindor!" "Potter, Harry?" His musings popped as he stood there for God knows how long. "Harry Potter?" The Elderly Professor asked him quietly. With a small gulp, he nodded and made his way to the stool. What followed next would be talked about for weeks to come... "My word! What an intriguing one indeed! He, he has it all here! Bravery, courage, cunning, ambition, wit, intelligence, loyalty, love! I-I can't decide I... What do I do?! GRYFFINDOR! HUFFLEPUFF! RAVENCLAW! SLYTHERIN!... RAVENCLAW!" Then he proceeded to pop off of Harry's head, much to his own horror, then proceeded to say in a surprisingly calm voice, "That'll be all today." Then suddenly imploded in on itself with an audible crack of a portkey. Silence. Complete. Silence... 'Well, that was interesting.' Harry thought to himself, before quietly and with growing embarrassment, walked over to Hermione and sat down next to her. Laying his head flat on the table with a small groan. 'What a perfect way to start the year...' Harry thought morosely. _OO|O|OO_ *(AN)* Phew... That was a doozy of a chapter. I hope that you all enjoyed it and that the twist at the end is as enjoyable for you as it was to write! In terms of a schedule, I plan on attempting to post every M/W/F or at least close to that. Take care and enjoy Thanksgiving Week everyone!
Hey all! Shrocky here! Thank you all for the follows and favorites I've been receiving on the story so far! I apologize for the lack of posts this week, chapter 3 is in the works and will come out on Friday! Though school and Thanksgiving have been taking up a lot of my time, and haven't had as much time to work on this as I've wanted. However, now that I'm back home from college for a few days will give me the time that I want to work on the next few chapters! Also... this will work as a good Q/A opportunity! Ask me any questions that you want, throw in a suggestion, or even tell me about your day! This has been my most popular story! And I've had an absolute blast writing it! Leave a favorite and a follow to be notified when the next chapter is uploaded! I look forward to any responses I might receive on this! I love you all and have a wonderful Thanksgiving! Vielen Dank an alle meine Deutschen Zuschauer! Es gab eine überraschende Menge von dir! Ich liebe euch! Shocky
Chapter 3: First Steps *(AN)* *Disclaimer* I do not own Harry Potter or any of its characters. The OC's belong to TheWoman1114 and me! Phew! I've eaten an absolute megaton of pie and food! Sorry for the bit late upload again... getting ready to head back to college! What are you all's favorite kind of pie? Also... We hit 2000 views! This is all so exciting! _OO|O|OO_ Previously, on HPBR: "Potter, Harry?" His musings popped as he stood there for God knows how long. "Harry Potter?" The Elderly Professor asked him quietly. With a small gulp, he nodded and made his way to the stool. What followed next would be talked about for weeks to come... "My word! What an intriguing one indeed! He, he has it all here! Bravery, courage, cunning, ambition, wit, intelligence, loyalty, love! I-I can't decide I... What do I do?! GRYFFINDOR! HUFFLEPUFF! RAVENCLAW! SLYTHERIN!... RAVENCLAW!" Then he proceeded to pop off of Harry's head, much to his own horror, then proceeded to say in a surprisingly calm voice, "That'll be all today." Then suddenly imploded in on itself with an audible crack of a portkey. Silence. Complete. Silence... 'Well, that was interesting.' Harry thought to himself, before quietly and with growing embarrassment, walked over to Hermione and sat down next to her. Laying his head flat on the table with a small groan. 'What a perfect way to start the year...' Harry thought morosely. ~End Flashback~ _OO|O|OO_ Albus Dumbledore had seen many things in his century of living, things so dark and foul that he was glad that they never would be seen ever again. As was oppositely true, he'd witnessed things so beautiful that even in the darkest of times, they could still bring a joyful smile to his face. Though, as of right now? He had no idea what to think. Young Harry's sorting is the most fascinating one that he had ever seen! It was already quite rare for the Sorting hat to speak out loud during a sorting, as the ancient enchantments on it delved within the wearer and looked at them using two things: Passive Legilimency and scanning their magical core. The fact that this set of first years already had quite a number of reactions by the old hat was quite astonishing in itself! Regardless, the fact that the hat overloaded and returned itself to his office was most intriguing to the Ancient Sorcerer. As it seemed to be for the entire Great Hall as well! However, the silence of the room was broken by a cheer of elation to his right. The source being an overjoyed Charms Professor and Head of Ravenclaw, Filius Flitwick. "I knew it! I knew he'd be like his mother!" Filius exclaimed, "You owe me some galleons, Minerva!" He then proceeded to do a few more victory pumps, despite the scowl he received from the Transfiguration Professor. "Now, now Filius. There's no need to gloat." Albus chided with a small amused smile before standing from his seat and clearing his throat. "As it seems that the sorting hat has retired for the evening," He began with a concluding tone, "the rest of the unsorted first-years will take their seats amongst the tables so that we may get to the announcements and dinner may begin." Turning towards the door to his right, "I would like to introduce our newest professor!" He proclaimed with a sparkle in his eye, "He will be teaching the new Wizarding Society Etiquette Course. Of which will be required by all first-year students, as its goal will be to inform the newcomers to our World the rules by which we live. And to help those who have already lived by these rules... Touch up upon their 'etiquette'." Upon hearing some of the groans at his pun, Albus let off a small chuckle. "May I introduce to you, the Lord of the Most Ancient and Noble House of Knottley, Lord Johnathan Knottley!" Polite applause greeted the new professor, with both of his daughters and their friends, young Harry included? 'Did they meet on the train?' Albus wondered. 'I'm glad that young Harry is already making friends... Truly like his mother.' Albus thought with a smile on his face. The Knottleys were a wonderful family for the young boy to engrain himself with. After all, they really are a Light family. 'No wonder Filius is in such a celebration! He'll have not only mentored Lily... but her son too!' Albus concluded. However, the Headmaster's thoughts did not remain uninterrupted as Lord Knottley began his speech. "Young witches and wizards of Hogwarts," He began passionately, "It is an extraordinary honor to have this opportunity to teach about one of the most fascinating parts of our society to our newcomers and any who wish to learn about what it means to be a witch or wizard!" Albus observed his former student throughout his speech. Young Johnathan always did have a knack for public speaking. He did, quite successfully the Headmaster might add, serve as Headboy and Prefect for the Hufflepuff House, before joining the Auror Corps soon after graduation. His dear friend Alastor, may the Gods bless his scarred hear, always helped Albus keep tabs on the young Lord throughout his military service. *ENTER FLASHBACK* "I don' know about this one Albus," Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody admitted before taking a sip of firewhiskey, "On the outside, he seems to be much too soft. The kind that would get cursed in the back for trusting an enemy. However, he's loyal to a fault and contains a hidden conviction that would surprise the hell outta just 'bout anyone. Except me." This intrigued the Headmaster, "What do you mean, Old Friend?" He asked inquisitively. "His friend, the Cross boy," Alastor stated bluntly. "Alexander?" Albus mused, "What about him?" "Some of the other recruits caught wind about him being a Metamorphimagus. Picked on him, or tried to at least, then proceeded to be banished through the wall one by one." Alastor guffawed, "He's got some real fire in 'im! I'm putting him on my Hit-Wizard squad. After givin' him my specialty training o' course! CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" *END FLASHBACK* Albus couldn't be happier for his former student. He's come a very long way since being that shy Hufflepuff all those years ago. The Cross heir made a fine first friend for him and really brought him out of his shell. 'However,' Thought Albus, 'It was his experience during the War that made him into the man he is today.' The Headmaster concluded morosely. "As the Headmaster stated, this class will be required by all first years and will be available as an elective for third years on up." Lord Knottley added, "For some of the muggle-borns and those who have muggle knowledge... Consider this class 'Wizarding Politics 101.' It will explain everything from the vaguest points to the most obvious." After clearing his throat and bowing to the student-body, he gestured over to the Headmaster and took his seat. "Now, there is one last announcement to make," Albus began before briefly pausing, chuckling as some of the students groaned at his delay, "Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak!" He exclaimed as the food magically appeared on all the House tables. This had always been one of Albus' favorite moments each school-year. In fact, it was his signal to the house elves, aptly named, Nitwit, Blubber, Oddment, and Tweak. They represented the insult to each one of the Houses and have been around for about 50 years or so. The previous headmaster had named them as a joke and has, unsurprisingly, made their names into a tradition. But that was enough thinking for the moment, 'Or his dinner might get cold.' As his mother might have once said. _OO|O|OO_ Ravenclaw Table The eyes were just boring themselves into Harry. Not just from his table, but the others as well. That was until the massively unexpected happened. If the express had been Dudley's Halloween, this was his Christmas. There were plates upon plates of food lining every single one of the House tables! And of all sorts and backgrounds, full course! Thankfully, this served as a perfect distraction from his sorting debacle. 'Now let's what sort of meal is for dinner.' Harry thought excitedly with a growing smile on his face, 'Oh wow! Oysters Rockefeller, Beef Wellington, and Napoleon? Or that's what it says on the little notes next to them at least.' Seeing the Beef Wellington, he had already known what it was. The Dursleys had made him make it for them on occasion. 'Never got to try it, however.' Harry thought bitterly. Though his first bite blew away the bitter thoughts like a hurricane! It was like nothing he had ever tasted before! And it was absolutely brilliant! That was when remembered that he has friends now, and two of them were sitting next to him! "Hermione! Bonnie!" Harry exclaimed excitedly, "You've got to try this Wellington! It's absolutely amazing!" However, when he finally saw their faces, they looked like they were about to explode with laughter... They did. "Well, it's about bloody time you remembered us!" Bonnie barely got out between bouts of laughter. A wheezing Hermione exclaimed an appalled, 'Language!', at the twin. "Despite her foul mouth Harry," Hermione began after composing herself, "We saw you go from embarrassed, to angry, then turn right around and be super happy and ecstatic the next! That's not exactly normal behavior." What really surprised Harry was the look of true concern enveloping her features... She really cared about him! "I'm fine Hermione... I promise." He answered meekly. Though before she could start on an inevitable rant, he mouthed 'LATER' at her, causing her to nod briefly and clear her throat. "Alright then, but we are not finished. Clear?" She stated whilst pointing a spork at him, which caused him to swallow nervously and nod his head quickly. "So, Bonnie," Stated Harry, desperate to change the subject, "How are you feeling about being in a separate House than your sister? Are you holding up okay?" He asked genuinely. She looked over to him and smiled softly at him, "It's awful sweet of you to worry Harry, but we have a magical connection, remember? We can talk to each other at will, not to mention that we'll be sharing a number of classes with Slytherin." Harry blushed significantly, "Right, sorry, forgot. Magic." He blubbered out in his embarrassment, which caused the two girls to giggle at him. Then an older student from their House came over, "Harry Potter, Hermione Granger, and Ebbani Knottley?" He inquired in a calm and collected manner, "My name is Robert Hilliard. I am the Prefect for Ravenclaw. I look forward to seeing what your intellect will bring to this House." He finished respectfully before heading back to his seat. "Intriguing fellow," Harry stated blandly, "Well, Ravenclaw is the House of the bookworm." He chuckled with his friends. "Anyway, which classes are you guys most looking forward to?" Hermione inquired, "I'm looking forward to Arithmancy and Ancient Runes in our Third Year." "No way! Those are actual classes?" Harry exclaimed with genuine enthusiasm, "I'm looking forward to Potions and Defense Against the Dark Arts the most. With Charms and Transfiguration tying for a close second!" "Similar to you actually. Potions and Charms myself." Bonnie added. There were a few amused smiles around them, in addition to a mocking chuckle or two. "I heard that the professor for Potions was a bit of a bully to anyone not from Slytherin." A boy with brown hair said. "Yeah," A pretty Asian girl agreed, "I'm a second year and I wish you luck with that." Harry looked at his two housemates curiously, "What are your guys' names?" He asked curiously. "Terry Boot, first year." He said with a smile. "Cho Chang, second year." She said mock-shyly whilst biting her lip... 'Is she... Trying to do that...?' Harry thought to himself. Shaking his head, "Harry Potter." He greeted. A lot of people chuckled at his unrequired introduction, "Everyone knows who you are Harry... You're The-Boy-Who-Lived!" Cho exclaimed incredulously. Bonnie seemed to be made uncomfortable by the second year. He'd have to ask her about that sometime. They went back to eating their dinners soon after. Harry's favorites were the Treacle Tart and the Beef Wellington, he decided with a happy smile. The Headmaster then stood and dismissed them all back to their dormitories. Following Prefect Hilliard, Harry decided to start some small talk. "Did you know about your dad being a professor, Bonnie?" He asked, her massive smile and the shake of her head answered for her. "Looking forward to it then?" Hermione chimed in. "Oh definitely! I can't wait for our schedules! I hope that we all from the express have the same class together!" She exclaimed excitedly. The excitement amongst his fellow year mates was tangible, of which grew further when they arrived at the 'entrance' to their dorm. After five flights of stairs, the children were huffing and puffing, but still excited. What perplexed Harry was when the door began to talk to them. To him, in particular, as he was somehow at the front of the pack. "It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt. It lies behind the stars and under hills, And the empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, It ends life and kills laughter. What am I?" "I'm sorry, what?" Harry blurted, which only caused it to repeat the riddle. "It can only be opened if you answer the riddle." Prefect Hilliard stated simply. Harry thought for a moment, mulling over the words of the riddle. 'Why does it sound so familiar.' Harry thought to himself before it clicked. "Darkness!" He called out triumphantly. "Welcome home." The door stated, its bronze-eagle knocker turning to the side and clanking four times, which caused the door to open. "Brilliant..." Harry breathed with awe. However, it appears that someone had beat them to the common room. "Gather round children, gather round!" The small professor quickly and eagerly stated, "My name is Professor Fillius Flitwick! I am your Head of House and charms professor. You will find your schedules on your beds at the top of the staircase, as you will need to get to bed as soon as you can! Every Ravenclaw gets up at the same time and we will have no late-comers!" He stated clearly, but somewhat playful. After telling the girls goodnight, he headed to the side that said, 'Wizards'. He was, however, called by his name before he could get there. "Mr. Potter, may I speak to you for a moment?" The small professor requested gently. "Of course, professor. I'm not in any trouble, am I?" Harry asked nervously. "No, no of course not!" Professor Flitwick chuckled. "No, I just wanted to offer you the same thing I did your mother. My office is open to you at any time for any reason. Should it be tutoring or just company, I'd be happy to oblige for the son of my most favorite student!" He stated with a glowing smile. Which made Harry fluster a bit. "Thanks, Professor..." Harry professed quietly. "Any time." Was his response. Harry then bade the professor goodnight and headed towards the stairs. Walking up to them until he finally reached the top of the staircase, where a small little sign read 'First Year Bedrooms'. He was greeted by the stares of all of his roommates. Until the Ravenclaws' curiosities exploded. "You're The-Boy-Who-Lived!" "How did you do it?" "Where have you been since you killed You-Know-Who?" "Can I see the scar?" "Where do you live?" "What's your favorite color?" Before the questions began to get too personal, Harry decided to nip it in the bud before he was consumed. "Guys! Please! We can talk more when I'm not a walking zombie yeah?" He exclaimed before yawning. "We have to get up early as the professor said. I promise, tomorrow after classes we'll play twenty questions. But for now, sleep. I need to sleep." He said with as gentle of a tone as he could manage. They seemed to accept this and decided to be off to bed. A number of 'Night's and 'Goodnight's rang out before the closing of the curtains commenced. After changing into his jams, he laid down with a sigh and closed his curtains as well. Only to be greeted by a happy hoot from above him. "Oh hey, girl..." He greeted to Hedwig, "I'm sorry we didn't get to see much of one another today, but I'm exhausted... so tomorrow?" He asked with the last of his fast-fading strength. She gave an accepting little 'bark' and then proceeded to wait for him to get comfortable, before nuzzling up against him and joining him in his slumber. It was a very happy Harry Potter that drifted off into the land of dreams. 'This is going to be a wonderful year.' Harry thought as sleep finally took him. _OO|O|OO_ Harry's dreams of flying cars and magic were cut short when a loud ringing filled his ears and woke him up, causing him to gasp in surprise. "Bloody hell! Well, at least that means that magic is real." Harry muttered to himself before stifling a yawn. After getting dressed, Harry was eagerly greeted by everyone around him, which caused him to smile and chuckle. He did promise after all. So, he met some of his year mates and talked to them on the way to breakfast, discussing their schedules on the way. After meeting up with Bonnie and Hermione, the contingent of the first year Ravenclaws headed to the Great Hall MUCH earlier than the other houses. After sitting down and meeting more of his classmates, Harry quickly decided the Anthony Goldstein, Terry Boot, and Michael Corner were all pretty nice chaps with good heads on their shoulders. Though Sue Li and Padma Patil would most certainly become fast friends with Harry, Hermione, and Bonnie. The also met the other Ravenclaw Prefect, Penelope Clearwater. She was quite nice, according to some of the older years. "What do you guys think about our schedule?" Harry inquired. "Pretty interesting!" Hermione admitted, "First is Xylomancy with the Gryffindors at 10:10, for fifty minutes. Then Charms with the Hufflepuffs at 11:10 until lunch at noon." "Next for our third and fourth classes are Potions at 2:10 with the Hufflepuffs and Defense Against the Dark Arts at 3:10 with the Slytherins," Harry added with ever-growing excitement. "Though first, there are still some sortings left to be done." Bonnie concluded. "Before the Sortings finish where they left off," Headmaster Dumbledore began, "I must tell you that this year, the third-floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a most painful death. Thank you." As he finished, a contingent of concerned whispers and confused glances filled the Great Hall. Then without further delay, The Headmaster gestured to Professor McGonagall to begin. "Rivers, Oliver?"... "Hufflepuff!" "Roper, Sophie?"... "Gryffindor!" "Smith, Sally?"... "Gryffindor!" "Thomas, Dean?"... "Gryffindor!" "Turpin, Lisa?"... "Ravenclaw!" Which got Harry and his friends to clap for her, causing her to make her way down to him and his friends and take her seat. "Weasley, Ronald?" This boy caught Harry's eye. His hair was as bright red as a tomato, with many freckles covering his face. He was taller than a majority of the other first years and very lanky. The rumor was that he ate food like a bottomless pit with the table manners of a pig. He seemed a little nervous, but sure of himself. When the hat was placed on his head, it immediately began to speak. "Hah! Another Weasley." The Hat began with a guffaw, "I know just what to do with you... GRYFFINDOR!" Which caused the red and gold table to explode with applause. However, on his way back to the Gryffindor table, the boy gave Harry a mighty nasty stink-eye. 'Wonder what crawled up into his cereal?' Harry mused to himself. The last one to be sorted was a darker complexioned boy. "Zabini, Blaise?" As soon as the hat was placed upon the young boy's head, everyone knew immediately that he would be another intriguing sorting. "My, my... What a fascinating one that we have here Headmaster..." The hat said ominously, "If it weren't for Lord Godric and Lady Rowena charming me to understand other languages... I might have had a hard time! There's just as much Italian as English! But even then... it'd be next to impossible to miss the ambitious nature of this one. I know precisely where you'd thrive young one... SLYTHERIN!" Instead of the expected applause, the new addition was met with complete, albeit calculated, silence. _OO|O|OO_ After another half an hour or so after the second part of the sorting, the students began to head to their classes for their first day of instruction. Albus watched the Potter Heir as he left for his first class of the day, with a huge smile plastered on his face. "Making more friends every second I see...?" He observed to no one in particular. "Just like his mother," Filius responded. "With any luck, they are the first of many." "With any luck." The Ancient Headmaster agreed. "Good luck to you as well with your first classes Fillius." With a brief nod of thanks, Filius apparated with a small pop to his class. Making brief eye-contact with Professor Quirrel, who was just as skittish as ever. He would have to keep an eye on him. Something seemed incredibly off about him... _OO|O|OO_ Harry's first class of the day went primarily uneventful. The same, however, could not be said about his charms class, which lived up to his expectations and beyond. His first real taste of magic! They were learning about the levitation charm Wingardium Leviosa! Both Hermione and Bonnie got the spell down on their first try! It took Harry two or three more tries until he got it, but after looking at the notes he took at the Dursleys, he got it down. Harry was able to earn 10-points for helping out a Hufflepuff that was struggling really bad with the spell. His name was Neville Longbottom, Harry remembered him from the sorting ceremony. After a few tries Neville almost gave up, but after asking him about his wand, he found out that it actually was his dad's. *ENTER FLASHBACK* "Well, then it's no wonder that your spells keep fizzling!" Harry exclaimed in epiphany. "Mr. Ollivander told me that the wand chooses the wizard, maybe your dad's wand just isn't right for you?" Harry hypothesized gently to the shy boy. "I-I don't kn-know Harry..." Neville had responded unsurely, "My Gran told me that my d-dad was an amazing and p-powerful wizard... That if I-I was p-powerful… Like he was… Then I'd use it j-just fine…" "Well, then your Gran isn't really informed about wands." Harry had concluded. "He's right you know," Professor Flitwick replied, "You won't do well in just about any of your magic-practical classes with a wand that isn't your own." "Th-then what do I d-do?" Neville asked nervously. "Why don't you write your Gran? Send it to her by Owl?" Harry suggested. "Alright…" Neville finally agreed. "Wonderful!" Professor Flitwick exclaimed, "Now, I won't dock points for this class period Mr. Longbottom, but if you do not have a proper wand by next class, I'll have no choice." He reminded softly. "Y-yes, professor." He responded meekly. "Now that will be another 10-points to Ravenclaw! For excellent House unity and recognizing a problem, then finding and enacting a solution! Well done, Harry, well done!" The short professor cheered. Which caused his other housemates to clap for him, with even most of the Hufflepuffs joining in as well. "B-but I was only doing the right thing?" Harry had asked with genuine sincerity. "Which is precisely why I awarded points, Mr. Potter." Professor Flitwick answered. *END FLASHBACK* However, Harry's thoughts were interrupted by a tug on his shirt, his best friend behind the pulling. "Come on Harry!" She exclaimed in a slight panic, "If you don't hurry, we might be late to potions!" "Oh, right," Harry responded sheepishly. They then hurried out of the Great Hall after the rest of their year mates. Finally catching up to them, they all made their way to Potions, with the infamous Severus Snape. Finally arriving at their destination, Harry sat next to Hermione while Ebbani sat next to a newly introduced Neville Longbottom, who greeted her kindly. Harry and Hermione both proceeded to bring out their notes in order to start the day. Not long after, the Dark professor swept into the classroom with a billow of his cape and wrote his name onto the board. "My name is Severus Snape." He stated pointedly. "You will all call me either Professor or Professor Snape." His introduction appeared to die in his throat when his eyes fell upon Harry. His intense gaze caused the young man to gulp nervously. He then, with some visible force, tore his gaze off of him. "This," He gestured all around him. "is Potions class. If you pay attention and use those brains your parents gave you, I will teach you to brew perfection, spite death, curse life, create luck, bottle victory, and hone your skill in the most honorable craft." After he finished his small intro, Harry let out a silent sigh of relief as the focus appeared to be off of him. He was wrong. "Harry Potter." Snape called out mockingly, "Our resident celebrity." Harry paled considerably. The horror began creeping into his chest. "Let us test your knowledge Potter!" He declared with slight ferocity, "Tell me, what would I get if I added the powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood." Which caused Hermione's hand to immediately shoot up, though Harry wasn't paying attention to her, not really. No, Harry's eyes were locked on Professor Snape. "The D-Draught of Living Death…" Harry answered. This seemed to catch the Professor completely off-guard. Though he immediately regained his composure. "Correct." He stated. However, Harry was still on the verge of tears. Over the summer, in order to better work Aunt Petunia's garden, Harry had bought a Victorian Flower Language book he had thought might help… If he was wrong about this, he might regret it. Drawing up what little courage he had, Harry said what was on his mind before the professor could continue. "I-I do too… Professor…" Harry finally said quietly. Fortunately, he seemed to be correct. The professor seemed completely astounded. "And the difference between Monkshood and Wolfsbane…?" He asked bewildered. "There is none, Professor… They're the same plant." He Answered, with growing confidence. "And where do you find a bezoar, Mr. Potter?" He asked yet again. "In the belly of a goat…?" The entire room remained completely silent and pale. With the exception of Hermione who was almost quite literally glowing with pride. "Incredible." The Professor finally breathed. When he finally composed himself, "Potter, remain after class. I will get you a pass. And why did I see no one writing any of that down?" He glowered. _OO|O|OO_ The rest of the class was, as compared to the start at least, rather quiet with focus on notetaking rather than practical. Then the end of the class came, and Harry said a small goodbye to his friends before making his way to the professor's desk. "You wanted to see me, Professor?" Harry asked respectfully as to not earn more of the professor's ire. "Indeed, Mr. Potter." He confirmed, whilst studying Harry intensely. "You have your Mother's eyes… did you know that? Or did those detestable Muggle relatives of yours neglect to even inform you of one of the greatest Witches of all time?" This line of questioning completely caught Harry off-guard. "I've… I've never seen her before, P-professor. Either of them…" Harry responded meekly. "YOU'VE NEVER WHAT?!" The Dark Professor Exploded, "Those impudent, detestable, vermin never even let you see Lily?!" He demanded. "They told me that my parents died drunk and drugged up in a car crash…" Harry wasn't even able to finish his sentence as Professor Snape's anger exploded again. "A CAR CRASH?! THOSE MONGRELS!" He exclaimed in boiling rage. "The Headmaster will be hearing of this, change of plans Potter. You will be missing your class with the simpleton and accompanying me. Are we understood?" "Y-Yes Professor." Harry was honestly scared witless and could only follow the raging professor to the Headmaster's office. 'But why is he so angry?' Harry thought to himself, 'He must have been a friend of my parents, or my mother at least… Guess we'll find out soon enough.' Harry had thought that he had seen angry, but what was to come, he was about to learn intimately what true anger was. _OO|O|OO_ *AN* Hey all, Shrocky here. Thank you for all the wonderful feedback I have received. I have received a few PMs due to this work and it has been extremely heartwarming to see all the attention that this story is getting. I've never done or made something that has caused thousands of people to turn and look at it. And it's extremely humbling to witness. Every time I look at the stats for this story I get completely overwhelmed with joy. So please bear with my inconsistent posting schedule. My demanding perfectionism regarding this story is due to my fear of publishing sub-par content for you guys. I love getting feedback from you all, whether it be a funny review, or a supportive PM, just favoriting this story… It truly means the Worlds to me. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. Best Wishes, UnLiMiTeDsHrOcK *EN* Hello, it's The Woman. Adding on to Shrocky's comment, thank all of you for reading this fic. It's a real treat being able to read and edit this as it goes on. Take care. Sincerely, TheWoman1114
