Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns the Harry Potter world. I only take credit for my original characters and alternate plot points. Some liberties have been taken with the plot (hence the Alternate Universe label). Thank you for reading! Carina Malfoy delicately spooned soup into her mouth as she scanned the list of ingredients she would needs for her greatest endeavor yet, which she still needed to reveal to her parents. She'd already discussed the idea with Draco, of course, but Father might need more convincing if she were to become an Animagus. She was mulling over where she would collect dew that hadn't been touched by a human foot in seven days, a swift kick from underneath the ornate table brought her out of her reverie. "Ow!" she exclaimed, glaring at Draco. He nodded toward their father and she straightened up, turning her attention towards Lucius Malfoy, perhaps the most formidable figure she could imagine. He sat at the head of the table beside their mother, Narcissa, with perfect posture and a gaze of steel that bore into her as she realized he'd been speaking to her, but she hadn't been listening. "I trust you have what you need for your debut tomorrow evening," he said, a hint of coolness at her obvious lack of attention. "Yes," she replied, excitement bubbling up inside of her. She'd been looking forward to her debut into the elite society of the magical world ever since she was eleven years old. "My gown is prepared and I remember the lessons from my tutors. I'm more than ready." Father gave her a satisfied nod and continued with his own meal. "Good. We want to make a good impression when you are presented, particularly to your suitors." Carina cringed inwardly at the last word. Despite being one of the highest ranking pureblood families in the modern wizarding world, she'd learned during her time at Hogwarts that most families weren't quite so…traditional. Her best friend, Lyra, had balked at the idea of courtship when she'd first brought up her debut. "When will you be doing your debut?" Carina asked eagerly at the close of the school year. "Debut?" Lyra asked, snapping out of some daydream. "What do you mean?" "Your coming-of-age debut," Carina laughed. "You mean my birthday party? I'll probably have it over the Christmas holiday. My birthday is later in the year, you know." "Not a birthday party," Carina insisted. "I mean the event where you're introduced to society and you meet potential suitors…" "Suitors?" Lyra giggled. "You're joking, right?" Carina's smile dipped a little as they approached the edge of the lake to relax in the sun after exams. "Don't middle class families do courtships?" "No, that's called dating." Lyra slipped off her shoes to wade in the shallows. "You know, when a boy who likes you asks you out to Hogsmeade or something like that. Courting is where your parents set you up with some guy you barely know and you pretend to like each other for the sake of looks." Carina didn't know much about dating, but the way Lyra had described courting sounded more accurate of her situation than she liked to admit. "Do I have to have suitors?" she wondered. "Of course, if you're to make a suitable match," Father replied. "You may not carry the Malfoy name after your marriage, but you will have the same responsibility as Draco to carry on a pure line." Carina shifted uneasily in her chair. According to the family tree, she was related to most of the pureblooded wizarding families—which she was expected to marry into—in one way or another. According to Lyra, that wasn't normal either. Then again, she wasn't from one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight like the Malfoys. She didn't carry the same burden as Carina did. Still, the subject of marriage was uncomfortable, and she was grateful when Draco picked up on her uneasiness and changed the topic. "When are we leaving for the Quidditch World Cup?" he asked eagerly. "Monday morning," Mother replied. "After your sister's debut." "Please tell me we're not taking the peacocks," Carina groaned. "They make so much noise!" Lucius looked up with an expression akin to distress. "Of course we're taking the peacocks. I don't trust the house elves to take care of them while we're away." Carina rolled her eyes. The house elves were more than capable of taking care of the peacocks, all albino and all well-mannered, but they were a symbol of the Malfoy family and were most likely a way to display their wealth, prestige, and status in society. If anything, the house elves would be grateful to be rid of them for a few days. "Now, we'll be sharing a box with the Minister for Magic for the duration of the match, so I expect the both of you to be on your best behavior," Lucius continued, changing the topic ever so slightly. "He has invited us to share it due to our fiscal support, and I intend to stay in his good graces. Carina." Carina sat up a little straighter at her name. "Yes?" "He will likely ask about your future. What do you intend to tell him?" Carina's breath caught for a moment. "Well, with the N.E.W.T.s approaching this year, I've been researching various career options and would like to learn more about a position in politics. The workings of the Ministry fascinate me," she recited, having rehearsed these words in her head over and over for interviews at her debut. Narcissa looked up from her bowl questioningly. "You won't need to work, darling, if you marry well." Irritation sparked in Carina, but she schooled her features into an amicable expression. "Perhaps, but I'd like to keep a sharp mind to advise him well." Her mother nodded in acceptance and continued to eat. Lucius, on the other hand, was considering the idea carefully. "It would be wise to have a Malfoy in the government," he concluded. "But you will have to earn high marks on your exams." "I'm at the top of my class, Father," Carina reminded him. "The .T.s won't be a problem at all. In fact, I've been considering developing my Transfiguration skills one step further." "How so?" Carina took a steadying breath and met her father's inquisitive gaze. "I'd like to become an Animagus." The clinking of spoons stilled as silence descended on the table. Carina's stomach clenched like a fist and she hurried onward. "I've studied out the process, both legal and magical, and I've planned it out in my head. I could begin the process early in the spring before exams when dew is fresh and untouched, before students are too eager to be outdoors and before pressure mounts for the N.E.W.T.s. Depending on thunderstorms, I could be a full-fledged, registered Animagus before exams even start." "It's a rather dangerous process, as I understand it," Narcissa mulled, exchanging a glance with her husband. "Not to mention inconvenient and time-consuming." "But I could manage. I'm already at the top of my class, and I've been studying all summer in preparation for my final year," Carina reasoned. "The N.E.W.T.s will be a breeze." "It's highly unpredictable," Lucius added. "The smallest mistake and you could end up disfigured, dead, or worse. In any case, I can't see what advantage you could gain from this, seeing as you don't know what animal you'll transform into." "That's the thing," Carina countered quickly. "In most cases, the Animagus form is usually the same as one's Patronus. Mine is a fox, so it's most likely that my Animagus form will be the same." "Yeah, and then you could sneak around eating mice," Draco snickered, and she shot him a glare. He simply shrugged with an impish, albeit well-meaning smile and returned to his soup. "Actually, the fox is a common enough animal that, if I so desired, I could gather information that could aid me in my career as a politician." She hoped appealing to her father's drive for power might sway him in favor of her cause, but to her disappointment, he shook his head. "I'm afraid you simply won't have the time," he told her. "But I've got it all worked out, even with my classes—" "You'll have more to concern yourself with than your classes and exams this year," Lucius continued, cutting her off as he buttered a slice of bread. "I have recently discovered that the Ministry of Magic has been working feverishly these past months in order to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, to be hosted at Hogwarts this year and attended, of course, by contestants from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang." Carina stared, dumbstruck at such news that had quashed whatever she'd been about to argue a moment before. The Triwizard Tournament was a contest between the three greatest wizarding institutions in Europe, where each selected a champion who participated in three tasks. The winner laid claim to glory, honor, and riches—should they survive, of course. The last she knew, it had been deemed too dangerous after numerous fatalities, and discontinued more than two hundred years ago. "As such, you will have a unique opportunity to live among and build connections with elite students, which I expect you to take advantage of," Lucius continued. "Reinstated? Excellent. How are the champions chosen?" Draco asked eagerly. "The champions are chosen by an impartial judge, whose identity I am not privy to," Lucius replied, somewhat miffed. Whether at Draco or at his lack of information, Carina couldn't tell. "But you will not be entering." "Why not?" he demanded. "Because, due to the, ah, perilous nature of the tournament, all applicants must be of age to submit their names. Even so, Carina will not be entering either." Carina, who had already begun rearranging her schedule in her mind to include both foreign connections and becoming an Animagus, lurched back to the present. "What? Why not?" Lucius gave her a disapproving look. "Did I stutter? Even if safeguards and precautions have been taken, this tournament is needlessly dangerous and I'll not have you endangered for glory and riches already exceeded by your birthright. And close your mouth, you are not a fish." Carina snapped her gaping mouth shut, embarrassed by her slip in manners. "I don't understand, Father. I've been at the top of my class ever since I started at Hogwarts, and I'm more than capable of holding my own in a duel. I can handle the press almost as well as you and Mother, and I can make more ties as a Hogwarts champion." Lucius considered the points she'd made, but his frown told her that he wasn't convinced. She changed tactics. "Father, even if I do enter, dozens of my classmates will be entering too. It's not likely that I'll be chosen. But I can try, and that might give me an opportunity to speak with foreign students before the tournament even begins." Lucius tilted his head to the side, thinking, then nodded. "Very well. You may enter as long as you keep up with your studies." He then turned his attention to Draco. "I trust you've been keeping up with your studies also?" Her brother straightened confidently, momentarily forgetting to sulk about the tournament. "Of course. My homework has been finished for weeks now, and I've been studying in the evenings." "As you should. As I understand it, you've still yet to rise to the top of your class," Lucius said pointedly. Carina glanced at her bristling brother as he tightened his grip on the spoon. "It's not my fault," he grumbled. "Do not mumble, Draco," Narcissa instructed. "I said it's not my fault," he repeated grumpily. "I'm doing everything I can." "And yet you're still passed up by a silly Mudblood girl," Lucius countered sharply. Carina raised an eyebrow in surprise. Draco had failed to clue her in on that little detail. "She's a stubborn, insufferable know-it-all," Draco argued. "She practically lives in the library and constantly walks around with her nose glued to a book." "You have the advantage of being born in our world, tutored by the finest witches and wizards money can buy, and yet over three years of schooling she still exceeds you in academics." Their father's voice had lowered dangerously, and Draco dropped his gaze to his soup. "I will instruct your tutors to extend your study times in the evenings, and I expect you to maintain these habits when you return to school." "Yes, Father," Draco mumbled, slouching in his seat. Carina took pity and changed the subject. "Mother, I'd like to invite Lyra over tomorrow morning to prepare for my debut," she said. Narcissa raised her eyebrows. "What more needs to be prepared? We've instructed the house elves already on what needs to be done." Carina offered a smile. "I'll be helping her, Mother. She feels a little bit rusty on the steps we learned last summer, and I'd like to help her practice." Her parents exchanged a look. "I don't know that it's appropriate to have somebody of her station at your debut, darling," Narcissa said. Carina wasn't deterred. "Mother, she's one of my closest friends, and a pureblood. Besides, I can't dance with all of the boys at once," she laughed lightly. "What will she be wearing?" Narcissa asked, and Carina thought she heard a small groan from Draco. "She found something fitting for the occasion last week in Italy," Carina assured her. "She'll blend well with our guests." "I suppose as long as she can carry civil conversation, she will be welcome," Narcissa relented. Carina beamed. "Thank you, Mother." The rising moon found Carina in her room later that evening, bent low over a leather-bound journal and a book that still carried the aroma of a bookshop. Draco knocked, sauntered in when she called back, and settled himself lazily on her downy comforter. "Read many more of those books and you won't even have to cast a spell to become an Animagus," he teased. Carina rolled her eyes, though he couldn't see her. "It's not just a spell. There's a potion that I have to make, and this book goes more in depth about the details," she explained. She scratched another note in the journal, then laid down her quill and stretched her stiff fingers and neck. Draco glanced at the gown peeking out of her wardrobe, then at the notes meticulously arranged on one wall—none of which actually detailed plans for the following evening when she would wear the gown. "I thought you'd be more interested in planning your debut," he said. Carina sighed and turned in her chair to face him more completely. "There's not much left for me to do," she admitted. "Mother has practically planned everything down to the last detail, except for how I'm going to look, and I figured that part out as soon as the dress was finished." Draco raised his eyebrows. "Hasn't that thing been there since June?" "Yes, and I've been dreaming about this debut since I knew what it was," she replied matter-of-factly. Draco's eyes flicked skyward. "Keep rolling your eyes," Carina deadpanned. "You might find some brains back there." Draco glared at her, and the corners of her lips betrayed a smile. "You're insufferable," he complained. Carina snickered. "Isn't that what you called the girl who's beating you in classes? Honestly, Draco, you'll have to be a bit more creative with your insults." Draco gritted his teeth, and Carina saw that she'd struck a nerve. "It's not like I'm not trying," he muttered. Carina glanced down at a small, inked tattoo of a dragon sulking on her wrist. She and Draco had gotten the tattoos just after the beginning of her fifth year—his second—during the Chamber of Secrets crisis. "This way we'll always know if one of us is in danger," Carina said, watching the ship rise and fall on her brother's skin. He stared at it, wide-eyed. "We're connected," he marveled. Carina smiled. "And we always will be," she replied. "Promise." "What's yours look like?" Carina lifted her sleeve to show him the dragon exploring the crease of her arm. "It's your constellation. It shows me exactly how you're feeling, and yours will show you exactly what I'm feeling." Carina pulled herself from the memory as she watched the dragon. It reflected her brother's mood perfectly, and she was rather proud by that bit of magic. "Sounds like she's only as good as she is because she's got nothing better to do," she replied airily. "I mean, we've both got Quidditch practice, and that takes up a fair amount of time. She probably doesn't have any friends." "She's got Potter and Weasley, though they're hardly quality friends," Draco scoffed, his tension easing the slightest bit. "You're really bothered by it, aren't you?" she asked quietly as Draco picked at a string on her comforter. Draco clenched his teeth, then spoke dejectedly. "I'm worried that Father's right, and that I'm not good enough to beat a stupid Mudblood." Carina refrained from pointing out that she couldn't be that stupid if she was consistently at the top of their class. "Did you know she was taking practically twice as many classes as anybody else last year? People would swear she was in three classes at once and had never missed any. How the hell am I supposed to beat that?" he burst, frustration evident. Carina considered what he'd said. "She had to be using a Time Turner. She'd probably be exhausted…" she mused. Draco shot another glare at her, and she shrugged, a bad habit that she'd picked up from Lyra. "I'm just saying, you have to admire her dedication." Draco flopped onto her bed, pressing the heels of his hands into his eyes. "Great. Thanks Carina. You're a big help." Carina sighed. "She's not worth thinking about, Draco. I mean, come on—like you said, she's a Mudblood. She'll never really belong in our world, so she doesn't matter." Her brother let his hands drop as he stared up at the ceiling. "I just want Father to be proud of me. As long as she's ahead of me, I'll always be second-best." Carina rolled her eyes, strode over to the bed, and swatted him on the leg. Draco yelped and jerked away. "What was that for?" he demanded. "Quit wallowing and grab your broom," Carina told him. "What?" "I said grab your broom. Let's go play night Quidditch. I'll bet Granger's rubbish at that." Draco blinked, then a smile creeped over his face. "Yeah, she's been pretty bad with a broom since first year." "Then let's get you back in shape so we can crush Gryffindor in Quidditch this year," Carina said. "I'm ready for a break from studying anyway, and I expect you to be the best seeker this school has ever seen. Even better than Harry Potter." Draco grinned at the thought and strutted out of the room. Carina glanced at her Animagus notes, then strode away to fetch her own Nimbus 2001. She could worry about the rest after her debut. Author's Note: Hello, dear readers, and welcome to my first published fanfiction!
Carina met Lyra Greyson in the foyer early the next morning, just after breakfast had been cleared away. She had pinned back a portion of her raven-black hair and the rest fell in gentle curls down her back. The taller girl wrapped Carina in a tight hug, laughing. "Carina!" "Hi, Lyra," Carina giggled. "Gosh, it feels like I haven't seen you all summer!" Lyra flipped a loose curl over her shoulder, blue eyes sparkling with the brightness of her grin. "Well, we did just get home from Italy. You would have loved it there!" Carina returned her best friend's smile. "You look stunning, Lyra. Did you bring the dress? I'd love to see it on you!" Lyra gestured to one of the chairs in the foyer, where a garment bag had been draped. The girls eagerly took it upstairs to Carina's bedroom, and when Lyra pulled it from the garment bag and held it to her chest, Carina gasped. The silky, dusty rose fabric spilled down from a high neckline, pooling at the bottom with a smattering of white gemstones that reminded Carina of stars. She touched the sheer, fluttering sleeves and the cinched waist, marveling at the texture. "Lyr, it's gorgeous," she breathed. "Oh, go on, try it on!" Lyra smiled shyly, stepping behind the screen in the corner of the room. When she emerged, Carina's smile broadened. The gown hugged Lyra's curves in all the right places, draping elegantly down from her waist to kiss the floor as the sleeves perched delicately on her shoulders. The rosy hue complemented her darker skin perfectly, enhancing her Indian heritage. "What do you think?" Lyra asked nervously. "I think I'll have to keep my eye on you tonight," Carina teased. "All of my suitors will be too distracted by you to notice me!" Lyra's cheeks flushed slightly at the comment and she ducked her head. "No," Carina reprimanded, stepping forward and lifting her friend's chin high with one finger. "You are beautiful and you will own it tonight." "Whose debut is this supposed to be?" Lyra challenged. "I wasn't even supposed to be invited, remember?" "Lyr, I can't have my debut if you're not there," Carina said seriously. "And if you're coming, then we have to make sure you meet my mother's standards, starting with the gown." Lyra's eyes widened in panic. "Oh no! Did I overdo it?" Carina shook her head quickly. "No, you're fine. It's elegant and eye-catching, but not too loud." Lyra's eyes brightened excitedly. "Oh! I forgot to show you the best part!" She twirled, and suddenly Carina's bedroom gleamed with dozens of hues in every shade. She shielded her eyes against the sudden onslaught of light, and Lyra stopped spinning. "Don't you love it?" she exclaimed. "It lights up when I get excited it." "Ah, it's… very bright," Carina agreed, blinking away spots of color in her vision. As much as she adored her friend, her eccentricities tended to show at terribly inopportune moments. "Is there a way to keep it from blinding you?" Lyra giggled. "Sorry, the lights were harder to see in the sunlight down in Italy, so they used a stronger charm. I should be able to tone it down a bit by tonight." "That would be good," Carina said. "Now, have you danced in that dress yet?" Immediately Lyra's smile faded. She fidgeted with the fabric. "Well… not yet…" Carina smiled knowingly and picked up a small bell from her side table. It emitted a light tinkling as she rang it, and a house elf appeared with a loud crack! "Yes, miss?" the pitiful thing asked tentatively. "Fetch my brother, will you Lina?" she ordered. "Tell him to meet us down in the ballroom." "Please," Lyra interjected meaningfully. "Please," Carina echoed with a small smile. "Yes, miss!" The bat-eared elf bowed quickly and disapparated with another crack! Carina grabbed a pair of heels and led her friend downstairs into the marble-floored room, decorated with greens and silvers in preparation for her debut. Draco was already waiting, and he appraised Lyra. "Not bad," he commented, then turned to Carina. "What do you want?" "Lyra hasn't danced in her dress yet, and she needs to brush up on her skills," Carina explained tersely. "I'd like you to be her partner." Draco grimaced. "I thought I didn't have to dance until tonight." Carina laughed. "Oh, come on, Draco. It'll just be for a few minutes until Lyra feels comfortable in her dress." "Why do I have to do it?" he complained. "Because you're my brother, and you wouldn't want my debut to be marred by poor dancing, would you?" she implored sweetly, squeezing her friend's arm reassuringly in response to her friend's questioning, sidelong glance. Draco sighed heavily. "Fine. But only because it's your debut." Carina nodded her thanks and turned on the radio hidden in a corner, handing off the heels to Lyra. She tuned the radio carefully until she came upon a station playing an easy waltzing melody. Satisfied, she returned her focus to Lyra and Draco. They spent the morning reviewing the basics of various dances with Lyra, then instructed her in a few of the more complicated steps. To his credit, Draco kept his grumblings to a minimum, and Lyra caught on quickly. From time to time, Carina would step in to demonstrate with Draco, and they glided easily across the ballroom floor. By the time lunchtime rolled around, Lyra had begun to make up ridiculous steps of her own, and Draco threw up his hands in frustration. Carina shut off the radio, declaring their practice over, and Draco made a swift exit. "You're doing well," Carina commended her as they climbed the stairs back to her room. "Thanks," Lyra replied, the borrowed heels swinging from her fingertips. "I didn't realize your brother danced." "Our parents made us learn as soon as we could walk," Carina replied. "Draco and I used to have to practice a couple of hours a day." "Isn't it weird dancing with your brother?" "A bit," Carina admitted. "There used to be a couple of other kids that our instructors would teach too, so we had them as partners rather than each other." She shrugged. "Since then Draco's been my only partner when we practice. It's awkward, but it's good practice for when we have to dance with awkward partners." Lyra's nose wrinkled. "I hope there's not much of that for me tonight." "Awkward dances?" Carina pondered the thought. "Oh, I'm sure there will be plenty. There always are." Lyra sighed as they reached the bedroom, hesitating at the door. "Carina, can I ask you something?" Carina cocked her head to the side, brows drawn together. "Of course." "Do you really think my dancing is poor?" Lyra's voice was quiet, her fingers fidgeting with the straps of the heels. "What? I just told you that you're doing well." "When you were talking to Draco, you said you didn't want your debut marred by poor dancing," Lyra reminded her reproachfully. Carina's lips twisted to the side uncomfortably. "Lyr, I was only saying that to get him to help you brush up your skills. You're not a poor dancer." Lyra sighed and lifted her shoulders. "I know this is probably a poor time to mention this, but—" she hesitated, seeming to choose her words carefully. "Look, I know I'm from a lower class than you—and we've been friends since our first year at Hogwarts—I just—" She paused and shook her head to gather her thoughts. Then she straightened her back and lifted her chin "What I mean to say is, I'm from a lower class, but that doesn't mean I'm inferior." Carina blinked in surprise. "Lyra, I've never thought of you as—" "Carina," Lyra interrupted, not unkindly. "You know that's not quite true. When we first became friends, you were so obsessed about status. We used to fight all the time, remember?" Carina glanced away, trying to clamp down on the shame that rose in her chest at the thought. "I remember," she replied evenly. Lyra waited to see if Carina would continue, but she didn't. "You don't mean to put other people down—being proud of your status is how you were raised—but a lot of other people see little reminders like that as direct jabs at them. I guess I'm asking you to be more mindful of the things you say." Her lips quirked up in a smile and she stepped forward to put a hand on Carina's shoulder. "Especially if you're looking to be a politician." Carina met her friend's gaze and sighed. "You're… right." She shook her head, then forced a smile. "That's why I'm going to owl you every day as one of my advisors." Lyra laughed and rolled her eyes, letting her hand drop. Carina's smile relaxed into something more genuine, and she let out a breath. "You are so spoiled," Lyra teased, poking her ribs. Carina danced away from a second jab, and conversation drifted to plans for the future as the minutes ticked down toward her debut. Lyra left just after lunch, leaving Carina to her thoughts and preparation with a promise that she would return in a few hours' time. Carina had a bath drawn, and as she soaked, she thought over their earlier conversation. It was true that she had been terribly fixated on status during her first year at Hogwarts, and that she and Lyra had butted heads frequently during those first months. Then, upon becoming stuck on a particularly tricky Charms assignment, Lyra had selflessly stepped in to lend a hand. A small smile rose to Carina's lips as she recalled the way she had resisted the odd girl's help at first, then broken down as the night wore on. It had been tense, but fatigue wore down her defenses and by dawn they were talking easily, giggling about accidental magic from their respective early childhoods. The assignment lay nearly finished and forgotten in the common room when they fell asleep on the couches, very nearly missing breakfast a couple of hours later. After that first barrier had been breached, Carina and Lyra became fast friends. Carina had learned so much about Lyra, who grew up in the lower middle class of Wizarding society, and so much about her world that she didn't realize she hadn't known. She'd barraged Lyra with questions, and her friend had teased that perhaps she should have been put in Ravenclaw instead. Carina vaguely wondered if Lyra might deign to be her paid assistant after they graduated, then pushed the thought to the side as she stepped out of the tub to dry off. There would be plenty of time later to discuss it with her. For now, her debut fast approached and she needed to be ready. Carina smoothed her skirt for the fourth time as her mother delicately plaited a section of hair and worked the rest into an elegant twist at the nape of her neck. Narcissa hadn't trusted the house-elves to do it, and Carina treasured the feeling of her mother's fingers working through her hair. She closed her eyes to enjoy the sensation. "There," Narcissa declared quietly, resting her fingers on her daughter's shoulders. Carina opened her eyes and beamed at her mother in the mirror as she turned her head carefully from side to side. "It's beautiful, Mother. Thank you." Narcissa answered with a proud, regal smile of her own. "You will be even more beautiful than I was at my debut." Carina turned in her chair to look at her mother. "I doubt that," she admitted. "You've always been beautiful." She furrowed her brow as a question occurred to her. "Where did you learn to do this?" Narcissa rested a gentle hand on her cheek. "My sisters and I used to braid one another's hair in the winter when there was little else to occupy our minds." A faraway look passed over her features, then she shook herself from whatever reverie she'd visited and straightened her posture. "It's nearly time. Your father and I will be waiting downstairs for you." Carina nodded and rose gracefully. Mother and daughter embraced for a moment, then Narcissa swept quietly from the room in her dark, emerald gown. Carina gave herself a once over in the mirror standing resolutely before her. Tonight she wore a powder blue gown that accented the blond of her hair and her cool complexion. The satin wrapped around her waist, flowing to the floor where it faded to silver, matching her heels, the gem-sprinkled bodice, and the delicate, diamond necklace her mother had gifted her. She eyed the off-the-shoulder sleeves and sweetheart neckline for a moment, touched up her eyeliner, and studied the inked dragon for a moment. With a little flick of her wand, she sent the dragon scuttling up her arm, over her shoulder, and down her back to rest in the center of her spine, beneath the fabric. No need for her suitors to ask questions about it; the dragon was a secret between Carina and Draco alone. She strode from the room and down to where her parents and brother awaited her. Carina listened for a moment to the soft murmurs emanating from behind the doors to the largest dining room, then glanced at her family. Draco smirked at her, glancing down at the hem of her dress. "They missed a spot," he told her, nodding at the silver. "I thought you paid them to dye all of the fabric blue." Carina rolled her eyes. "Now why would I do a dull thing like that?" Draco opened his mouth to retort, but Narcissa touched his shoulder lightly to quiet him. "You look radiant," she told Carina proudly. Lucius nodded his approval, eyes lighting for a moment on her forearm before flicking back to her face. Carina schooled her features into cool, controlled mask. He'd suspected the tattoos before, but had never managed to pin them down as yet. Carina intended to keep it that way. "Come," he finally said simply. "I believe we're ready." Lucius offered his arm to Narcissa, to lightly rested her hand in the crook of his elbow. Carina and Draco walked side by side as the doors opened, revealing their family to the host of witches and wizards who had risen beside their seats at the long table. Lucius paused in the doorway, then led his family to their seats. Lucius, of course, stood at the head of the table. Narcissa waited at his right, Carina to his left, and Draco beside his sister. "It is a pleasure to welcome you, our distinguished guests, to our home on this joyous occasion," he announced, his eyes sweeping over the guests from other high-born houses—including suitors, Carina noted—the Ministry, and other lucrative businessmen. "Please, let us dine and then we will formally introduce my lovely daughter into society." As he and his family sat, the other guests followed. The house elves had been well trained to serve the guests without being seen, and at her father's words, small dishes of crisp, green salad bloomed into existence from where they had been prepared in the kitchens. Once finished with their appetizers, the used plates were Banished away. Soon their plates filled with roast duck, scalloped potatoes, steamed vegetables, and a small cup of fresh fruit on the side. Fine wines were offered to those of age, though Carina opted instead for a sweet, dark juice that she'd grown so fond of over the summer. She preferred not to indulge herself in alcohol, opting to keep her senses unhindered during her debut. Drunken behavior was hardly trustworthy, she thought as she sipped her drink delicately. Conversation at the table varied from topic to topic, and before long a dessert course was served. It was a sort of meringue wrapped in a thin, sugar shell that seemed to hiss as their spoons broke through to the delicacy within. Once dinner finished, Lucius invited his guests to make their way to the ballroom, where yet more of their less distinguished guests waited. Despite her pleas, Carina had not convinced her parents to allow Lyra to attend the meal itself, so she would see her friend once they made it inside. This time, Draco entered the ballroom with the other guests, while Lucius, Narcissa, and Carina lingered behind. Once Narcissa had glanced over her daughter, tucked a stray pin back into place in her hair, and nodded her approval, Lucius flicked his wand and the doors opened. Carina waited just behind her parents, shielded momentarily from where the guests and the press waited eagerly. Applause rose politely throughout the room upon entrance, and Lucius waited a moment for it to subside before speaking. "Thank you," he said, his voice filling the space as the cameras flashed, "for joining my wife, Narcissa, and myself in celebrating our daughter's coming of age." Another light smattering of applause echoed his words, then he continued. "She has proven herself to be determined, strong, and beautiful, and has brought much honor to our family in her performance at school. It is my honor to present to you my firstborn—" Carina steeled herself with a breath, stilled her trembling hands, and lifted her chin proudly. "—Carina Rosalind Malfoy." Lucius and Narcissa stepped to the side, the former sweeping is arm toward her as she moved into the room. The refined, poised smile she'd practiced so many times with her mother rose to her lips reflexively as the guests applauded—louder than before, she was pleased to realize—and the cameras flashed. Carina's eyes scanned the crowd, landing upon a small knot of her peers just off to her right behind the press. Her own smile widened the tiniest bit at Lyra's unbridled grin and her brother's small, proud smile. Eager as she was to push through the press straight to her greatest supporters, she held back as was her role. A few seconds later, she turned to her father, who offered her his arm and led her to the center of the ballroom. An orchestra on a low, designated platform began a waltz, and Lucius led her through her first dance as part of high society. "You have done very well so far," he told her quietly, lips barely moving. Their eyes didn't meet, but Carina smiled nonetheless. "Many reporters will likely press in on you. Do not let them crowd you or push you to answer questions. Malfoys will answer in our own time." "I thought I might dance with a few of my suitors first before I answered any questions," she murmured back, matching his hushed tone. Lucius dipped his head the tiniest bit in approval. "That would be appropriate," he agreed. When the dance ended, Carina dipped in a low, respectful curtsy to her father. She turned her back deliberately on the reporters and found herself face to face with one such suitor, a handsome young man with dark hair. "Might I offer you a dance?" he asked, bowing lightly to her. Carina nodded demurely and offered a gracious smile. "You may." The young man must have been a year or more her senior, and he made idle conversation as they danced. After a moment Carina recognized him vaguely from Hogwarts and linked the face to the name Erak Duncan. He'd been a Ravenclaw, she remembered. When Erak relinquished her hand with a gentle kiss pressed to her knuckles, she curtsied low again and stood. Almost immediately another gentleman stepped into his place, and so it went for three more dances. Two of them seemed to feel the need to prove themselves worth her time by reminding her—more than once, in one case—which of the Sacred Twenty-Eight they hailed from. Carina found it rather annoying, actually. The third was no better, a man four years older who seemed to think her interest might be piqued by legislation in the Ministry—which, she reasoned, it might have. Only, the legislation up for debate was something to do with cauldron thickness, and the logistics of it very nearly bored her to tears. She thanked the stars above—and, silently, the orchestra—when the dance finally ended. She curtsied to the man and glanced over to where Draco was deep in conversation with his best mate, Blaise Zabini. Pursing her lips slightly, she scanned the room for Lyra, and found her dancing with Erak Duncan, laughing lightly at something he'd said. Carina smiled to herself, grateful that Lyra wasn't left on the fringes of the celebration while she, Carina, danced the night away. Lyra caught her eye, smiled a bit wider over Erak's shoulder when Carina winked, and turned back to him. She turned at a gentle touch at her elbow, lifting her gaze to a kind face beneath honey-brown hair. Her heart lurched and she barely halted the intake of breath—but her body settled back into its regular rhythm when she found that no, she didn't recognize this face. Her heart tugged in disappointment as she absently accepted his hand and allowed herself to be drawn into another dance. When this fifth dance ended, she quickly made her way through the guests, pausing here and there to exchange greetings with a few of her father's friends. She skillfully avoided the reporters and paused for a refreshment. Lyra found her not long after as she sipped her drink. "Tired already?" she teased lightly, accepting a glass from a tray carried by a passing house elf. Carina only barely managed not to shrug at the question. "Not tired, exactly," she replied slowly. "That last dance was…" Lyra raised an eyebrow as her friend trailed off. "You mean the guy you blushed at?" she asked. Carina's head snapped up as her gaze locked with Lyra's in mortification. "What?" she hissed, eyes wide. Lyra grinned. "Kidding," she snickered. "But your cheeks are a little bit pink. Did he catch your eye?" "Not in the way you're thinking." Carina took a moment to calm her galloping heart. "He just looked so much like…" Lyra's eyes brightened in sudden understanding and mirth. "Ah, I see. You still fancy Ced—" "There you are, Miss Malfoy," a high, obnoxious voice trilled. Carina and Lyra cringed a little as Rita Skeeter came into view, her devious Quick Quotes Quill at the ready. "I was hoping I'd get a moment to chat with you." Carina lowered her glass and regarded Rita Skeeter carefully. She exchanged a quick glance with Lyra, who smiled broadly and stepped toward the reporter. "Miss Skeeter! How very lovely to meet you," she gushed loudly. Rita started, not having noticed Lyra beside her quarry, but smiled lavishly. "Oh yes, it is, isn't it? Are you a fan?" she replied. "Am I ever!" Lyra smiled. "I do love your satire pieces, especially that one you wrote last week about the Radagast scandal." Rita's grin dropped from her face for a moment, then she replied, "I assure you, my dear, that was all too true!" Lyra gave a high-pitched giggle. "Oh, you are so witty, Miss Skeeter! Mr. Radagast and my aunt—his 'mistress'—laughed so hard about it that they couldn't resist sharing it with the rest of the family. My, Miss Skeeter, you bring such joy to our table when we receive the Prophet over breakfast!" Rita's face hardened into a sour expression, and it took all of Carina's strength not to laugh outright. She afforded herself a small smile at Lyra's act, sipping demurely at this bit of personal entertainment. The exchange continued as Lyra praised Rita's gossip column as a satire column, and Rita tried and failed to convince her otherwise. Eventually Rita huffed and stalked off, leaving behind the story she'd come to get from Carina. The girls giggled in a very unladylike manner as she went, then Carina schooled her features back into the refined mask she was supposed to be wearing for the event. Lyra lifted her eyebrows. "It's really eerie sometimes how you can do that, you know." "Do what?" Lyra shrugged. "Put on your 'society face' in the blink of an eye." She gestured lightly with one hand at Carina's regal posture and careful expression, broken only by her lips quirking upward in a smile. "My society face?" she laughed. "That's certainly one I haven't heard for it before." Lyra sighed in mock exasperation, but upon seeing Narcissa approaching them, smoothed over her own facial features. She curtsied politely. "Good evening, Mrs. Malfoy," she offered steadily. Narcissa nodded to her, then turned to Carina. "Your father would like to speak with you," she told her daughter. Carina nodded her assent and lowered her glass. "Enjoy the party," she said lightly to Lyra, casting a regretful smile over her shoulder. Lyra offered her a little wave of encouragement as Carina and Narcissa worked their way through to where Lucius chatted idly with the Minister. "Ah, yes, the lady of the hour!" Fudge exclaimed, offering his hand to her. "You are absolutely radiant, Miss Malfoy." "Minister," she greeted him demurely, accepting his hand. "I'm so delighted that you could join us this evening." "The pleasure is mine, my dear girl!" Fudge released her hand, drew a lime green handkerchief from his robes, and dabbed at the perspiration on his face. "Lucius tells me that you're interested in politics, is that right?" "Yes, sir," she confirmed. "I believe that the most effective way to serve our community is to be involved, and politics are ever so fascinating! My father often tells me stories of his visits to the Ministry, and how the departments work so hard to ensure that we are protected." Fudge nodded several times. "Yes, it is a noble aspiration indeed. I'm also told that you have excellent scores in your classes at school." Carina flashed a brilliant smile. "I intend to bring every possible skill to the table should I be accepted into the Ministry, sir. Nothing less than Oustanding work is acceptable to me, you understand." Again, Fudge nodded. "A true Slytherin indeed," he commended. "Clever and ambitious, just like your parents." "You are too kind, Minister," Narcissa put in as Lucius placed his hand proudly on Carina's shoulder. The conversation turned to policies currently on the table for review, and Carina listened with rapt attention. Her concentration broke when her father flinched, his left hand tightening almost painfully on her shoulder. She would have missed his sharp intake of breath if not for that subtle reaction, and she glanced quickly up at him. Lucius dropped his hand from her shoulder, forcing a practiced smile as he met her questioning gaze. "Excuse me, Minister," he interrupted smoothly, making a show of looking at his pocket watch. "I believe I must attend to a matter upstairs for a moment. Do forgive me if I steal my wife away. Carina, I trust that we can leave the Minister in your capable hands." "Of course, Father." Her parents made their swift, graceful exit as the conversation lulled. Carina bit the inside of her lip at the way Narcissa accompanied him on the right—she always walked at his left, but her father seemed to be favoring that arm. "Is your father quite alright?" Fudge's voice interrupted her analysis. "Of course," she lied smoothly. "One of his foreign business associates insisted on meeting with him this evening." Fudge's eyebrows crinkled. "On the evening of your debut? It seems rather inconsiderate." Carina brushed it off with a wave of her hand. "His schedule is very unpredictable, and it seems that this evening was his only open slot to meet with my father. He travels quite a lot, you see." "I see." Somebody caught Fudge's eye over her shoulder. "I do hope you'll excuse me, Miss Malfoy. I believe that's Mr. Barkley over there, and I had hoped to speak to him about the Magical Creatures for Companions policy..." "Of course, Minister." Carina flashed him another winning smile and the shorter man wandered away. As badly as she wanted to go in search of her parents, she decided that it would be more beneficial for her to remain and entertain their guests to distract from their absence. With a breath, she went in search of the knot of reporters that lingered at the fringes of the crowd. They accepted her with open arms and Quick Quotes Quills, barraging her with questions. The minutes ticked by as Carina answered questions about school, her future plans, and her dress, while evading in-depth questions about any of her suitors. At length she ended the interview, graciously thanking them for attending, and set out to play the part of hostess. She stopped to speak with as many of the guests as she could manage, conversation intermingled with dancing. Nearly forty minutes passed before her parents reappeared. Carina skillfully extracted herself from a gaggle of girls in her year at school and met them just inside the doors. "I hope your meeting with your associate went well," she said pointedly, nodding subtly to the couple of reporters edging near. "It's terribly unfortunate that his travel schedule is so tight." If her parents were shaken by the impromptu excuse, they didn't show it. "Indeed," Lucius agreed. "Mr. Ashman sends his regards and regrets that he could not stay to wish you well." "Well, we'll simply have to invite him for tea," Carina decided. She was perturbed to see her mother still standing to her father's right but forced a smile. Her parents nodded and the three dispersed back into the crowd. Throughout the night Carina searched for an opportunity to pull Draco to the side. She itched to discuss her father's abrupt, odd behavior, but the moment to do so never presented itself. Inwardly she sighed, and it came out as a hiss when a less refined suitor trod on her toes. She would have to wait until after her debut to speak to her brother. As the ball at Malfoy Manor stretched into the night, a scrawny, messy-haired boy on Privet Drive jolted from sleep, nightmares of high voices, gigantic snakes, and a dead caretaker still haunting him.
Carina Malfoy didn't wake with the dawn to the crowing of the cock. Instead, she awoke about midmorning to the piercing call of peacocks strutting the grounds some distance beneath her window. Instinctively, she groaned and covered her head with her pillow. "I'm never getting bloody peacocks," she swore for the hundredth time. She rolled over, hazy visions of her debut drifting in and out focus before she jolted upright with a gasp. "Father," she breathed. She dressed quickly and, taking care to compose herself, strode from the room. It took a bit of searching before she found her mother in one of the upstairs sitting rooms, having a cup of tea as she gazed absently out the wide window across the grounds. She didn't seem to notice Carina until her daughter touched her lightly on the shoulder. Even then, she hid her surprise and offered a tired smile. "Good morning, darling," she greeted. "Good morning. Have you seen Father?" she asked, perhaps more quickly than was necessary. Narcissa thought for a moment. "He went out some time ago. He had somebody to meet with." Carina frowned and sat across from her mother. Narcissa summoned a house elf to have a cup of tea brought to Carina. "Something happened last night, didn't it?" she ventured. "While we were talking to the Minister." Narcissa studied her daughter over the rim of her cup, then lowered it to the saucer on the table between them. "It's nothing to concern yourself with," she answered briskly. Carina's brow furrowed. "Was it something bad?" she pressed. Narcissa hesitated. "Of course not, dear." "Then what was so important that you had to leave the debut?" She purposefully forewent saying "my debut" in favor of "the debut," hoping to remind her mother that the event was as important to her parents as it had been to her. Narcissa eyed her disapprovingly. "As your father said, there was simply a matter that we needed to deal with. You needn't worry so much, love," she reprimanded lightly. Carina bit her lip. "I suppose… but Father looked like he was hurt…" She let the words trail off in something like a question, pleading with her eyes. "He's fine," Narcissa assured her. "Why don't you go pack? We'll be leaving for the World Cup in the morning." Carina sighed, knowing her mother could dance around her questions all day, though sending her on a task would be just as effective. She left the room, leaving her tea untouched on the table. Instead of heading for her own room, however, she detoured and knocked on Draco's door. Knowing full well he would still be sleeping, she entered without waiting for a response. As she had expected, Draco still sprawled across his bed on his stomach, head beneath his pillow. He didn't snore—Malfoys never snored—but she could see the rise and fall of the lump that was his body as he breathed. "Draco," Carina whispered. She prodded his ribs and he shifted just a little. "Draco, wake up." He didn't move. Impatiently, she yanked the pillow from beneath the arm he'd slung over it to keep it in place. Draco moaned in protest and turned his face away from her. Carina rolled her eyes and flicked her wand at the heavy drapes, spilling the late morning sunlight into his room. Draco groaned this time and threw a hand up to shield his eyes. "Wha're you doin'?" he complained. "What time is it?" "Late," Carina answered curtly. "Scoot." She sat down on the bed, leaning against one post as she swung her feet up, crossing her ankles near his head. "What do you want?" Draco mumbled, searching blindly for his pillow as his eyelids drooped closed again. "I want to talk about Mother and Father," she told him. "Didn't you notice that they left last night?" Draco, finally resigning himself to the fact that he wouldn't get to sleep any longer, rolled over and sat up, rubbing his hands over his face. Finally he answered, "Yeah, I noticed them leave and come back. You seemed kind of anxious about it, but I figured you were nervous about being the hostess while they were gone. Isn't that part of the deal? Mother and Father let you run things for a bit to show you're a good hostess or something?" Carina shook her head. "They would have told me if it was. They didn't plan it. Father just… he had his hand on my shoulder and then suddenly he grabbed it kind of tightly, like he was in pain. Then he excused himself and Mother, and they left. They were gone for probably forty-five minutes or so." Draco shrugged. "Maybe they went upstairs to the bedroom." He pulled a disgusted face and Carina rolled her eyes. "It's terribly poor form for them to leave for such a silly reason. And besides, they were both immaculate when they returned." Carina considered for a moment before adding, "Mother walked on Father's right-hand side instead of his left." Draco's brow furrowed. "Which means what, exactly?" Carina raised her eyebrows in exasperation. "Mother always walks on his left. It's traditional for a bride to stand on her husband's left, and they've always walked that way. Mother sits to Father's left, she even sleeps to his left. Haven't you noticed?" Draco shook his head. "I didn't realize it mattered so much." Carina sat silently, mulling over the scene just before her parents had left. They'd been discussing policies… Nothing that would majorly affect their family came to mind. In fact, she couldn't think of a situation where her father would have been more comfortable. "He was favoring his arm," she muttered to herself. At this, Draco looked up at her. "Which arm?" "Which do you think?" she asked irritably. Draco scowled at her. "I'm just confirming that it was his left. You know, the arm he's got his Dark Mark on." Carina stilled, not having considered that bit of information. Of course she'd seen the Mark before, and she knew of her father's involvement with the Dark Lord during the war. More often than not though, her father wore long-sleeved garments. She couldn't remember when she'd last seen him wearing anything that exposed the skin past his wrist. "You don't think he could… feel something, do you?" she asked quietly. Draco met her gaze, sensing her unease. "If he did, do you think—" The rest of his question went unasked as Narcissa rapped smartly on the door. "Draco," she called. "Yes, Mother?" Narcissa opened the door, pausing when she caught sight of Carina on the bed. She swung her legs down and stood up. "I thought you were packing," Narcissa said, one eyebrow raised primly in question. "I thought I'd make sure Draco was awake. He would sleep the day away if we let him." A smile touched Narcissa's face. "Best get ready. We leave tomorrow morning. I'll have breakfast sent up to your rooms." Carina nodded, cast a quick glance at her brother, and followed her mother out of the room. Carina spent the day packing, carefully choosing outfits for the following week in addition to her personal journal, her study journal, and a few texts that she intended to look through while waiting for the Quidditch World Cup. Once her bag was packed, Carina attempted to do some more of her schoolwork, but found her mind too preoccupied by her father's odd behavior the previous night and her mother's avoidance that morning. Instead, she pulled out her personal journal and recorded every potentially relevant detail that she could remember about her debut. Despite the fact that she wrote quickly, she still spent a couple of hours to complete it. By then, a house elf had been sent up to remind her about lunch. After a brief meal with Narcissa, Carina and Draco went out for a round of Quidditch out on the grounds. Training certainly helped to take her mind off of it, redirecting her thoughts to her team and their tactics. Previously, the Slytherin captain had gone more for brawn than skill, and it had hurt their chances. Carina had made changes last year, however, and though they had fallen just shy of winning the Quidditch Cup, she hoped that this year they would have a better chance. She faltered suddenly, thinking of the Triwizard Tournament. Surely they wouldn't cancel the Quidditch season in lieu of it, would they? The troubling thought caused her to let Draco's shot slip past her, and she scowled at his whoop of triumph. "Always stay focused!" he parroted at her, one of her favorite instructions to her team. Just to spite her brother, she dropped all pretenses of going easy on him and scored four goals in a row. Once the siblings grew bored, they abandoned their game and brought in their gear. Carina took a quick shower, then picked up a copy of the Daily Prophet from where her mother had left it at the dining room table during lunch. She'd been too preoccupied at the time to study the headlines, but now she peered closer at its contents. The front page of the Prophet was dominated by speculations about the upcoming match between Ireland and Bulgaria that would decide the champions of this year's World Cup. According to the list of contents cramped in one corner of the page, she noted that thus far, a story hadn't been released yet on her debut. That suited her just fine, she thought. She dreaded the story that Rita Skeeter would release, worried that Lyra's name would be dragged through the mud for her impotence. Then again, she realized, Lyra didn't much care about her name being in the press. She relaxed and let the paper drop back to the table. With nothing else to do, she retreated to her room for further study. Later that evening, her father returned home. Although the Manor was of a considerable size, she could note the slight change in the atmosphere when he arrived. Lucius Malfoy carried a certain presence with him wherever he went, and when the house itself seemed to stir in response, Carina all but dropped her book. She listened closely for a moment to the stillness. There! The murmur of her mother's voice responding to her father's deeper timbre reached her, and she swung her legs off the bed. She resisted the urge to run down to meet him, instead hesitating just before she reached the staircase to listen. "—felt it as well," Lucius was saying. "Last night, at about the same time." "What does this mean?" Narcissa asked quietly. Carina hesitated, and she leaned forward to hear his response. "We must tread very lightly. Until we hear more, there is nothing to be done," he murmured. "What about the cup?" "We shall proceed as we always have." A long moment of silence followed, and Carina took another step forward to hear more of the conversation. The floorboard creaked beneath her and she cursed under her breath. She held it for a moment, hoping her parents hadn't heard. "Carina?" Narcissa's voice carried up to her. "Draco?" With a sigh, she strode out onto the stairs and descended, refusing to show any hesitance. "You're home," she said to her father, not giving them a chance to question her as she reached the landing. Lucius didn't so much as nod. "It isn't becoming to skulk about," he reproached her. Carina frowned. "I just wanted to make sure you were alright. You vanished last night and then this morning you were gone," she explained. Narcissa fixed her with a stern look. "We discussed this, Carina. It is nothing of concern." "But there is something that happened," she pressed. "As your mother said, it is nothing to be concerned with," Lucius said. "But I am concerned. You left my debut last night." "And you did wonderfully acting as hostess," Narcissa commended her. "Truly, we were not missed by our guests." "You were missed by me," she argued. "Carina Rosalind, you will respect your mother," Lucius warned sharply. "I'm just trying to understand what happened to make you leave," she pleaded. "I'm of age, I can handle it!" "This isn't a matter of age," her mother told her. "Is it something to do with your Dark Mark?" she asked, playing off of their assumption that she wasn't aware of it. For a moment, her parents appeared stunned, and she took advantage of it. "Father, I'm not Draco. I may have only been four when the war ended, but I still remember things about it. I—" Lucius cut her off. "That is enough," he snapped deliberately. "We'll speak no more of this." Carina dropped her eyes. Although she now knew that there was more than her parents were telling, she didn't dare push her father when he had that dangerous glint in his eye. A few seconds passed in tense, uncomfortable silence. "Do you understand?" he asked, slightly calmer now. "Yes." Lucius straightened. "Good." He swept out of the room, and after a moment Narcissa followed. When they had gone, Carina clenched and unclenched her fists, gritting her teeth. Her head jerked up at the sound of footsteps descending the stairs. "What was that about?" Draco asked, staring between Carina and the door their parents had vanished through. "Nothing," she muttered sourly, and pushed past him back up the stairs to her room. OOO Although Carina was tempted to have her dinner brought up to her, she didn't want her father to think that she was giving up on the matter entirely. She sat beside Draco in the dining room, eating stiffly. Draco glanced between her and his parents, and Carina imagined the little dragon scuttling anxiously between her wrist and elbow. At length, Lucius broke the silence. "Did you study this evening?" His question was directed at Draco, who tensed the tiniest bit. Carina nibbled her bread, saying nothing. "Yes," Draco responded slowly. "I thought I'd get ahead before we leave tomorrow morning." Lucius nodded his approval before turning to Carina. "How are your studies?" "I've been studying Transfiguration and Potions," she said evenly. "And I've been reading up on the policies being reviewed by the Ministry." Lucius regarded her for a moment. "And what do you think of the proposed increased security for the Department of Mysteries?" Carina caught herself before she could shrug. "I think they're putting resources into a project that could be better used elsewhere. Everyone knows that the security is already nearly impossible to crack." "It would seem that the Department of Mysteries has been experiencing more nosy visitors than the Ministry is comfortable with," Lucius countered. Carina took a moment to chew the piece of bread she'd placed in her mouth before answering. "They wouldn't happen to be having trouble with any other Ministry members, would they? I mean, they are still part of the government." "The Ministry is a large organization, with hundreds of employees," Lucius replied, cutting into an expertly prepared salmon. "Not all of them should be privy to the kind of sensitive information contained within that department." "What if that information were necessary for their safety?" Carina pressed. "It would be up to the Minister and the head of the department to decide what information was pertinent," Lucius explained. Just then, a house-elf scuttled into the room and effectively derailed the conversation as she offered the Evening Prophet to Lucius. Carina straightened immediately as his cool, silvery eyes skated over the headlines. He flipped open to the society pages, then handed the paper to Narcissa with an unreadable expression. Carina swallowed as her mother's cool, blue eyes scanned the same article, itching to see the paper. It took all of her restraint not to snatch the paper from Narcissa's hands when she handed it to Carina. A brilliant, black-and-white photograph of Carina adorned a decent section of the page as she turned slightly with the "society smile" Lyra had mentioned settled easily on her lips. Her eyes skipped over the photograph—she already knew she looked radiant—to the headline and accompanying article. The Inside Scoop—Carina Malfoy's Dazzling Debut The brightest and most glamorous of Britain's wizarding community donned their best robes to welcome the eldest daughter of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy, Carina Rosalind, into high society, and the lady of the hour did not disappoint! Gliding into the room wearing a stunning blue-to-silver gown tailored to make her shine, it was impossible not to be impressed by the poise and elegance displayed by one of the Sacred Twenty-Eight's own. Previous to the young Miss Malfoy's grand entrance, a private dinner was held in the company of the Malfoys' most exclusive guests, including chairmen of the charities to which the Malfoys have so graciously donated, and suitors eager to win the fair maiden's hand. While the Prophet was unable to attend this portion of the evening, sources tell us that it was as grand as can be expected from one of the wealthiest families in Britain. As always, Carina Rosalind presented herself with grace and poise that could only come from her mother. During her debut, Miss Malfoy was introduced to several eligible bachelors, include schoolmate Erak Duncan. In an interview with the Prophet, Miss Malfoy remained tight-lipped about her opinions of these suitors. "I've met a number of young men during my time at school," she commented mysteriously, "but very few of them could measure up to the fine gentlemen I've met here tonight." One must wonder if, perhaps, one of these lucky attendees might have already caught the eye of the newest bachelorette. Carina fought to contain her eye-roll at the focus this author put on her imaginary love life, and continued reading. Miss Malfoy also proved to be an excellent hostess when Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy excused themselves for an important meeting with a foreign contact, actively entertaining her guests and graciously letting the Prophet in on her unconventional plans for her future. "I intend to pursue great things during my last year at Hogwarts," she stated. "Once I've graduated, I intend to pursue a career of my own in politics." Upon being asked if a career is temporary until she marries, Miss Malfoy faltered in answering. "As a Slytherin, I have always been ambitious and have no desire to temper that trait. If my suitors disagree, then perhaps they might better spend their time keeping up with me than dissuading me from my goals." True to her word, Carina Rosalind is as ambitious as they come. Heading into her final year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Miss Malfoy will continue her duties as a Slytherin Prefect and Quidditch Captain, as well as carrying an impressive course schedule in preparation for her N.E.W.T.s at the end of the year. Miss Malfoy also hinted at an additional extracurricular project she will be undertaking before the year is out, though she refuses to offer details to the Prophet at this time. Clearly, Miss Malfoy seems to be shaping up to be a career woman, with no interest in suitors who intend for her to be a demure wife. No word yet on the opinions of Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy regarding their daughter's intended plans. Carina pressed her lips into a thin line and lowered the paper, not bothering to read the rest of the article discussing the guests and who spoke to whom and who wore what. Draco had already taken advantage of her silence by quizzing their father about the players on the Bulgarian and Irish teams, and Carina was grateful for the momentary distraction as she processed the article. She had hoped that drawing attention to her career and plans at school would distract from the suitor situation, but the reporter seemed fixated on her newly-minted "bachelorette" status. She wasn't aware that she had been chewing on the inside of her lip until Narcissa cleared her throat and Carina sank her teeth in more deeply than she had intended. She stifled a gasp and met her mother's stern look. She released her lip and straightened up the tiniest bit. "What do you think?" she probed, trying to mask her impatience as she shifted her gaze to her father. "You did well," he said simply. "Particularly when your mother and I, ah, stepped out for a moment." "Speaking of which," she pressed, flattening her hands on the table. Lucius's warning gaze snapped to her face, and she immediately quelled beneath it, switching subjects. "The Prophet seemed eager to know about my plans at the time. They obviously want a statement from you concerning them. What would you have told them, had you been present?" At this, her father relaxed and considered. "That you are as ambitious as any Slytherin with a strong mind and will," he remarked. "You will do great things," Narcissa added fondly. Carina's chest warmed at the praise, and for a moment, she almost forgot all about the Dark Mark and her parents' tense behavior. Almost.
