THE AUCTION is a dark, Voldemort Wins AU, with moments of non-con and violence. I will do my best to include content warnings for chapters that have specific concerns. This is the third story in the Rights and Wrongs series. While I think The Auction can be read independently, I would not recommend it. This is my first multichapter story with Betas! Though they are more like Alphas to this lonely little omega. :) Huge thanks to SaintDionysus and raven_maiden. Much love to NikitaJobson who made the art for this fic months ago out of the kindness of her talented heart. Follow her on Tumblr. And lastly, thank you to those who have been following me for years now, begging for an Auction fic. It's because of you that this exists. (Excerpts taken from Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows.) . . Harry Potter is dead. He was killed as he ran away, trying to save himself while you lay down your lives for him. We bring you his body as proof that your hero is gone. The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of their family. Come out of the castle now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live and be forgiven, and you will join me in the new world we shall build together. Hermione fell to her knees. Harry Potter is dead. She was cold. There was blood on her face, stiffening her skin. She didn't remember if it was hers. There was dirt beneath her nails and bile in her throat. She heard Ron speaking to her, some nonsense. Something about continuing to fight. If Harry was dead… She'd had nightmares about this moment for the past seven years. About what she would have to do next. She'd run through the chain of command. First McGonagall. When McGonagall fell, then Kingsley. Then Remus. But behind them all, she and Ron would need to be the new faces of the revolution. Your hero is gone. She staggered to her feet. Ron helped her up. She shouldn't have kissed him. She shouldn't have pretended there was normalcy in her life. The world was ending. McGonagall screamed. Hermione turned toward the entrance to the castle, and saw Hagrid carrying a body. He looked so small, his hair still sticking out in all directions. She felt a yell from her own lips as Ginny ran forward, screaming his name. She watched Ginny's face, wondering at the feeling of seeing your love lying dead before you. And her eyes turned to the faces of the approaching Death Eaters, searching… A blond head moved quickly amongst them. Hermione's heart pounded, following the figure. The blond slid through the ranks, until finally breaking away and heading to a side entry. It was Narcissa Malfoy. Hermione looked around and found all eyes on Hagrid laying Harry's body down at Voldemort's feet. No one saw the willowy woman dart away through the castle. No one but Hermione. She turned. Ron held onto Ginny, tears streaming down his face. McGonagall stood tall, wand at the ready. The remaining Weasleys were behind her. Kingsley's eyes roved over the Death Eaters, counting, it seemed. If Narcissa Malfoy was planning something, she needed to be followed. Hermione couldn't let her get away. Voldemort was still gloating, preaching to his gathered crowd. She slipped to her left behind several students, creeping toward the stone wall. One last look at Harry's body. She looked to Ron and Ginny, preparing to fight. Just as she was about to make a break for it down the hall, Neville ran forward. Voldemort stunned him backward with a bang. All attention on Neville, and Hermione made her escape. She tucked herself back into the crowd, tracking the silky blonde hair as it swayed through the Death Eaters to the side door. Hermione watched the door close behind Narcissa. Screaming from behind her. She hated that she could identify the sound of Neville's crying. Her own memories wrapping around the familiar rhythm of Bellatrix's cackle. Hermione slipped into the empty Entrance Hall, and looked into the void of white sheets in the Great Hall. Madame Pomfrey looked up at her, the only living soul amongst the bodies. "What's happening out there, Granger?" Her voice shook. "Harry is dead." She heard her voice leave her lips. Pomfrey paled. "I believe we are about to fight," she continued. She watched as the mediwitch's lips shivered. Hermione blinked. And turned around, walking in the direction Narcissa Malfoy had slipped inside. It must be shock. She let her mind turn this over—Harry was dead, and she was chasing Narcissa Malfoy around the empty castle. Hermione turned down an empty corridor, rubble pushed into the corners. She'd never seen the castle this ghostly. Dead. Voices down a side hall. Hermione pressed herself against the wall, cold stones against her back, and peeked around the corner. Two blond heads. She snapped back, her skull hitting the wall behind her in her haste to hide. She pulled her eyes tight and listened through the pounding in her head. "...time to go. We'll meet your father... to France with ..." Narcissa's quick whispering floated short phrases to her. "I'm not leaving." Draco's voice was strong. A soft warmth intruded Hermione's panic as she realized that Narcissa Malfoy had no master plan. She was simply risking her life to look for her son. "Where are you going?" "You didn't see her in the courtyard?" "I was looking for you." Heavy footfalls. "Did you hear me?" Narcissa asked. "Potter is dead." "Yes, I heard you." Draco's voice was closer. He was coming her way. Hermione darted back the way she came, finding a small broom closet to duck into. She couldn't hear much more of what the Malfoys said over the sound of her heartbeat. Draco's quick legs carried him past her door, Narcissa right on his heels. Hermione peeked out of the closet, watching him walk away. Things were about to get exponentially more difficult. She would have to return to the Entrance Hall now. She would have to take stock of who had survived while she'd run after the Malfoys, pretending it was for the cause. She would have to comfort Ginny and Ron, and attempt to let them comfort her – that is, if she could find them. What if she'd missed it? Missed it all. What if she returned to the Entrance Hall and the bodies of her friends lay there, waiting for her to join them. Maybe she didn't return. She could meet up with the students who had been forced from the school before all of this began. Try to get as much information as possible, and if they were all that was left, she would have to organize them. And if, miraculously, some of her friends survived what was happening, they'd meet somewhere in the middle. She stared down the hallway Draco Malfoy had disappeared, heading back toward the courtyard probably, looking for whoever had made him disobey not only his mother, but also his Dark Lord. She pressed her lips together. He'd spared her at Malfoy Manor, spared all three of them. Of course he'd recognized them. Just as she could pick him out of a crowd of hundreds, she knew he could do the same. She had her hair and her "snotty" posture. She knew the length of his strides. How stunned she'd been in fifth year when he had grown, almost as tall as Snape. It was like memorizing him again. She knew the shade of his blond, of course. A beacon in darkness, but after seeing him with his parents, at the Quidditch World Cup and a handful of other times, she could choose his colors from between the three of them. He'd gotten the exact shade of blond from Narcissa, but the quality of Lucius's. The quirk of his eyebrow, just before he delivered a fatal, witty blow was written across her veins. The slant of his lips before he smirked haunted a dark corner of her mind. The lifeless quality in his eyes, only recently developed, was sketched into her subconscious. Like he didn't have a soul. At least not one she was allowed to see. And then only a handful of smiles. True smiles. Opening packages from his mother at the breakfast table. A truly divine Quidditch play. Something Blaise Zabini whispered into his ear during Potions class. She felt like it had been years since she'd seen one of those. For her own sake, she hoped that he and his family would run to France. If she found his boxy shoulders beneath Death Eater robes, casting curses against her and her army, she wasn't sure if she would be able to— "Stupefy!" And her final thought, before crumpling to the familiar stones of her old school, was that she should have known caring for him would end here. Distracted, disarmed, and destroyed. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays. There is a Pinterest board for The Auction. Find me under LovesBitca8. I am on Tumblr and Twitter also as LovesBitca8.
A/N: So excited that YOU'RE excited. :) Would like to reiterate that The Auction is the third story in a trilogy. You can find Part 1: The Right Thing to Do on my profile. Content warnings this chapter are listed at the very bottom, so scroll down if you would like to be warned. . . Hermione woke to the sound of crying. Her eyes snapped open, and it was like her heart turned on, fluttering viciously in her chest. Her lungs grabbed for the stale air, tasting fear on the back of her tongue. There were bodies all around her. The sounds of sniffling and crying. A warm light kept the room from total darkness. A cold marble floor beneath her she almost recognized. "Hermione!" She looked up. The room was moving. And she realized the bodies around her weren't soulless. The entire room — fifty people began crawling to her. Her lungs cramped, and she pressed back into the wall she woke up against. "Hermione," said a familiar voice. She turned and Ginny was there, climbing over the people, grabbing her shoulders, tucking her into her chest, and saying, "You're awake." Hermione looked past her red curls. The room was full of familiar faces. She could see Luna and Parvati. The bodies that had slithered to her were her friends, eager to hold her, not to attack. Ginny pulled back, her hands on her Hermione's face. "Where did you go? Where were you captured?" Captured. It came down to that word. Hermione opened her lips, cracking skin, and coughed at the sandpaper feeling in her throat. "Water!" Ginny called. Four or five girls scrambled. "Are you hungry?" Ginny asked. Hermione frowned. Food? Water? A paper water cup forced its way to her lips. Hermione sipped, and looked up to thank the person there. It was Cho Chang. Everyone was alive. Had they surrendered? Where were Ron and Neville? She blinked. Only girls. Young girls. She looked at each of their faces. When her eyes landed on Luna, the blonde girl smiled gently and said, "They're keeping us separate." "Separate and unharmed?" Hermione rasped. A plate of fruit passed over heads and appeared in front of her face. "And fed?" "It's not poisoned. We've all been eating," Ginny supplied. Hermione just sipped her water. "How long have we been here?" she asked. "Four days," several voices chorused. "You arrived yesterday." Hermione snapped her head to look at Ginny. She scanned herself. No injuries. But there was something on her arm. C. Yaxley. A tattoo of sorts. Magical. It was his signature. She felt the blood drain from her head. "That's who captured you." Parvati nodded at the tattoo. Hermione's eyes drifted down to Parvati's arm and saw W. Macnair. She swallowed. "Is that who owns us now?" Ginny pursed her lips and several girls looked away. "We're not sure," Ginny said. "They haven't said much to us, just kept us fed and kept bringing girls in." She took deep breath. "It's possible that—" "I've already told you stupid chits," came a sour voice from the corner. Hermione craned her neck, and found the one body that had not clambered to greet her when she woke. Sitting against the corner wall, knees to her chest in a lazy way, not a hair out of place. Pansy Parkinson glanced over at them all. Hermione shivered at the intense eyes boring directly into her. "It's for the Auction." Ginny rolled her eyes. Hermione couldn't look away from Pansy. Couldn't understand her presence. There were other pure-bloods here, but they were blood traitors. Why keep them all alive? The room spun as Hermione calculated the possibilities, all boiling down to only a few likely scenarios that made her ribs cave in, crunching and gnawing at her lungs. She drew in a rattling breath. "The Auction?" Ginny glared at Pansy before stepping in front of her, blocking her from view. "You need to eat." She started pulling fruit together for her, peeling a banana. "Where were you captured, Hermione? I didn't see you at the battle in the courtyard." What did they need a room full of young girls for? Where were the boys? "Ron—" she croaked. "Hermione." Ginny's voice was firm. "Tell me where you were captured." "I— I was in the castle. I thought I saw..." She drifted, not sure what she should discuss with Pansy Parkinson there. "... someone worth following. But I got stunned in the back." "Did you see anyone? Or anything useful?" Cho asked. Hermione looked over at Pansy. Would she care to know that she'd seen Draco? Was she worried about him at all? Hermione wondered whose name was tattooed on her arm. "No one on our side, no." "And then where were you taken?" Hannah Abbott asked. "Here?" Hermione supplied. "I guess." A collective gasp. "You've been unconscious? Or you don't remember?" "You haven't had water in four days?" "Where were they keeping you?" "We need to check her body—" "Yaxley. I wouldn't put it past him—" "Stop." Hermione nearly shouted it. The room went quiet. A few girls who were gathering water cups and spare pieces of bread turned to look at her. She steadied her voice and said, "I don't remember anything after I got stunned." "Hermione," Ginny said carefully, eyes wide and searching. "We should check you out. See if you have any markings. See if you feel anything... between your legs." Hermione looked at the fifty or so girls around her. She could only watch as they scanned her intently, already searching her skin for markings. All but Parvati, whose eyes had drifted away, looking at the marble floors as if she would give Hermione privacy. As if she already knew how intrusive this was. Hermione's eyes drifted back to Macnair's signature on her arm. "There's no need," Pansy scoffed. Heads turned to glare. Pansy kept her stare in front of her, bored. "She's too valuable. No one would touch her." Ginny looked like she was actively biting her tongue to keep from mouthing back at her. "Besides," Pansy said, twisting her head to smirk. "You're a virgin, aren't you, Granger?" Hermione felt a stab to her chest as half the girls turned to look at her with eager eyes and the other half started cursing at Pansy. "What?" Pansy laughed. "I'm just saying it would be a waste of 5,000 Galleons. No need to check her out." "Shut up about that damn Auction, Pansy," Ginny snarled. "No one believes you—" "What Auction?" Hermione looked to the Slytherin girl. She supposed houses didn't matter much anymore, did they? "What are you talking about?" Pansy smiled. "Just what it sounds like, Granger. The pure-blood elite are going to put a price tag on us, strut us about, and bid." She bit her lip, lifting a joyful brow. "And if you've been saving yourself for Weasley all these years, they'll give Yaxley another 5,000." The smell of the banana and the oranges… ripe as the bodies sweating nervously around her. She could taste it all in the back of her throat. Hermione was going to be sick. "And how did you find yourself on the wrong side of all this, Pansy?" she asked. Pansy looked away. "Wrong place, wrong time." "Don't listen to her," Ginny said. "Let's just check you out right quick. Just me and Luna, okay?" Hermione nodded, already wishing she was asleep again. The girls gave them some space, Parvati and Cho creating a bit of privacy around them. "Is this what you were wearing during the Battle?" Ginny asked. Hermione looked down at herself. Same clothes, but they were clean. Scourgified. "Er, yes." "Good." They unzipped her jacket, checking her neck and shoulders before helping her take off her shirt. When they confirmed she had no markings on her back, Hermione finally asked, "Where's Ron?" Ginny's eyes looked to her, then away. "He was alive, last I saw. Same with Neville. Kingsley and McGonagall were killed in the courtyard." Hermione thought maybe she should have gasped. Should have started crying. "Pansy thinks there are males to be Auctioned too, so maybe Ron and Neville will be there," Luna whispered melodically. "There is no Auction, Luna." Ginny hissed through her teeth. "It's just Parkinson playing games with us." She ran her fingers across Hermione's scalp, pressing for injuries. "I don't know," Luna said. "Draco mentioned it to me, too." Hermione looked at her, and the fingers in her hair stopped. "An Auction?" Ginny said. "Draco?" Hermione asked. "Mm-hmm." Luna rolled up Hermione's jeans, looking at her ankles and calves. "When I was staying in his dungeons." She mentioned it like it was a holiday she'd taken last year. "He would come and talk to me. Tell me what was going on at school. And a few days before I left —before you and Harry and Ron came, Hermione — he told me there might be something like this." "What did he say?" "Just that should I survive the war, and should the Dark Lord win, I should try to kill myself if I couldn't escape." Luna rolled Hermione's pant legs down. Cho Chang turned around, eyes wide on Luna. "Because of an Auction?" Ginny asked. "Something like that," Luna shrugged. "All he said was that he wouldn't be able to buy me. He had to save for someone else." Hermione swallowed. Draco Malfoy being kind – compassionate. She'd always thought she was the only one who'd seen it. She'd heard a bit from Harry last year, about Myrtle in the girls' bathroom just before he'd sliced him open. Hermione looked across the room again. "Pansy," she said. Cho turned to look at Pansy, and Ginny's eyes followed. Hermione watched the dark haired girl close her eyes and lean back against the wall in her solitary corner, secluded away from everyone else. "He knew Pansy would end up here. Months ago." Hermione turned to Ginny and Luna. "Whose names are on your arms?" Luna pulled up her sleeve, and Ginny turned her wrist. Both of them had the same signature. Antonin Dolohov. A loud bang from outside the room. All fifty girls jumped, some standing, some shrinking back. Another bang, this one Hermione recognized as doors opening. "It could just be food. Or another girl dropped off," Ginny whispered. Hermione stood, leaning heavily against the wall, regretting her empty stomach. A lock clicked, and a masked Death Eater entered the room. He was without food and without a new girl. "Medical examinations today." It was Yaxley. She looked down at her arm, expecting... something. A tingle or burn? Or the letters glittering when he was near. Nothing. "Five at a time," he said. "Parkinson, Abbott, Clearwater, Forbes, and Harding. Follow me." No one moved. "Now," Yaxley said. Penelope Clearwater was the first to separate herself and move to the front. Pansy stood and followed. The five exited the room. Yaxley looked around, promising pain behind the mask, and closed the door as he left. An hour later, they were returned. The gash across Hannah's head had been healed. And they smelled better. He took Ginny this time, and four others. The rest gathered around the five that returned and hounded them for answers. "Where are we?" Hermione asked Hannah as Penelope answered questions about the showers and the medical exam. "I think the Ministry." The black marble floors. Of course. When Ginny came back, she pulled a group to the corner, taking Hermione and Luna. She explained the hallways, the showers. The number of Death Eaters guarding them. "Is anyone good with wandless magic?" Ginny looked around. A few of the older girls nodded. "Whoever is in Hermione's group should try to overpower the guards before reaching the showers. This may be our only chance. They take you left around two corners, and then there is a door at the end of the hall before they take you right and into the showers." Ginny drew imaginary lines on the wall for a visual aid, and Hermione was reminded of Ron, and the way he strategized Wizard's Chess. "I think I've been in these halls before with my father. I think those are the main doors." "They lead to the courtrooms," a black-haired girl said. "My father was on the Wizengamot. I think I know where we are." Ginny nodded. "Yaxley and another guard led us to the showers. I'm thinking Levicorpus and Expelliarmus." The girls agreed. The others who had not yet gone for exams had gathered too. "Just get Hermione a wand. Don't come back for us." More than thirty heads nodded. "What?" Hermione frowned. "No, we'll come back, get you all out, and then all fifty of us will storm through that door—" "Don't be an idiot, Granger," Pansy said from her corner. Ginny pressed her lips together. "Hermione, you have to get through that door as quickly and silently as possible. The mediwitches will be waiting on the next group." "Why would five witches with a maximum of two wands be better chances than fifty?" she argued. "We're ten floors deep underground." "Fifty unarmed witches fitting in the lifts is better?" Pansy sneered. The bang of the doors unlocking again. The girls scattered, looking innocent. Yaxley returned the five freshly bathed girls. "Baxter, Lovegood, Patil, Mortensen, and Granger." She stood. And wondered for the first time where the other Patil was. Parvati moved quickly to be at the front of the line of girls, giving Hermione a nod. Luna stood behind her. The other girls filed in and Hermione stood at the back. Yaxley led them out, holding the door to lock it. Another Death Eater waited in the hallway, and gestured for Parvati to follow. Hermione eyed Yaxley as he locked the door and turned to bring up the rear. Her heart thudded a dull beat. They turned left. She stared at the back of Baxter's head. She didn't know her. As her arm swung back she could just make out the word Nott. They turned left again. A long hallway with a door at the end. Midway was a door on the right, which according to Ginny would lead to the showers. A hallway sprouting to the left to take them to the medical exam room. She focused in on the hum of magic in her blood. And she spun and reached out, focusing on the spell, and pushed Yaxley through the air. She opened her eyes when she heard a shout. Yaxley's body hung by his ankle. Baxter joined her, hands outstretched. Their magic synced, a force of wind and desperation. Yaxley's wand flew from his hand. Her eyes followed, heart hammering. Without the grace and delicacy of wandwork on the Expelliarmus, the stick just zoomed across the hall. A commotion from behind them, possibly the other three attacking the first Death Eater, and she felt the power slipping from her fingers, distractions everywhere and her mind spinning circles. Yaxley dropped, falling in a heap. Get the wand. Get the wand. A scream behind her. She spun, and Parvati was on the floor, writhing. The Death Eater's mask had slipped off in the attack. It was Dolohov. His wand trained on Parvati in what must be the Cruciatus Curse. Hermione gasped for air, searching for the wand as Luna jumped on his back. He swatted her away with his wand, her little body flying backward. Hermione was useless in a duel without a wand. Her eyes darted, searching. There, in the corner that lead to the exam room: Yaxley's wand. She dove for it, as a fresh round of screams from Parvati poured into the hallway. Her fingers plucked it from the ground. "STOP!" She spun. Yaxley was up. He had a knife at Baxter's neck, poking into the flesh. Parvati was silent behind her, and she chanced a look. Dolohov pulled her up by the scalp, holding her to his chest as a shield, wand trained on Hermione. Her heartbeat in her fingertips. Sweat dripping down her spine. "Drop the wand," Yaxley hissed. Hermione turned to hold defense against Dolohov. Luna's body on the ground behind him, slowly coming back to consciousness. The fifth girl was out cold. A whimper, gurgling. She turned, and Yaxley's blade had pulled across Baxter's throat. Blood sprayed as her fingers scrambled to staunch its flow. Hermione's jaw dropped and a small scream popped through her lips, her skin buzzing. Yaxley grinned at her. "Now, if only I had my wand to heal her." Baxter fell to her knees, holding the slice across her neck. Hermione met her eyes as they dimmed. Hermione shot a hex at Yaxley, now without a human shield. He jumped out of the way just in time, but a Disarming Spell from Dolohov hit the wall behind her head. "Hermione! Run!" Parvati screamed. She turned back and ran down the hallway toward the exam rooms. Heavy footfalls thudded behind her, and she turned and shot curses over her shoulder. A head poked out of a brightly lit room, a mediwitch hat on. Hermione sprinted past, turning right at the end of the hall. It was at least the same direction as the main door they had wanted to exit through. She heard the Death Eaters follow her around the corner, and she blasted a door open. Supply cupboard. She kept running, heading toward the end of the hall. It was a maze. She had no idea anymore which way was out. Curses and hexes smashed through the corners she wound around. She skidded down a hall to her left. And it was empty. A dead end. No doors to disappear into. She spun on her heel just as Yaxley slid into the hall, Dolohov behind him. "Crucio!" She jumped out of the way of Dolohov's curse. "Expelliarmus!" she bellowed. He blocked her. She needed to disarm Dolohov first. Then focus on Yaxley. "I thought she was supposed to be clever," Dolohov hissed. "The Mudblood's got herself backed into a corner." He smiled, lips peeling away from yellow teeth. "Flipendo!" She let the jet graze her ear so she could send a Stupefy. He blocked, and she aimed at the wall next to him. "Aguamenti!" A solid stream of water hit the marble wall, bouncing and spraying against his face, into his eyes and ears. Dolohov stumbled and just when Hermione had a clear shot to disarm him, a small body with wild blonde curls crashed into Yaxley, disappearing them both around the corner. Luna. "Expelliarmus!" she cast, but the momentary distraction was enough time for Dolohov to block her. Dolohov used her technique against her, and ricocheted a spell off the wall behind her. It struck her right between the shoulder blades, and she screamed as what felt like small razor blade cuts spread across her skin, dancing down her back and curving around her ribs. Mustering something within she howled a jinx at him before swiping her wand to end the nicking spell on her back. A scream from around the corner that she recognized as Luna. And then Parvati's dark figure sprinted past Hermione's hallway, raven hair flowing behind her, yelling over the sound of Luna's whimpers. Dolohov had recovered. He pulled himself up, slashing his wand through the air, and something cracked inside of her as Luna screamed again, voice breaking and fluttering over Parvati's shouting. "Avada Kedavra." It left her lips like a kiss. A green jet of light pouring from the wand in her hand, but stopping short, just a foot before Dolohov's tense face. They stared at each other, listening to their breath and the grunting from the hallway. Neither she nor Dolohov had expected her to cast it. And that's why she hadn't meant it. She summoned the image of Harry in Hagrid's arms. Ron's face as he looked upon Fred for the last time, the sound of her mother calling her downstairs, Sirius's warm brown eyes, and she aimed her wand and opened her lips. Yaxley appeared in the hallway, dragging Luna by the neck. He propped her up in front of him, just like with the Baxter girl. Who was now gone. Hermione kept the wand on Dolohov, and watched Luna lift her head and meet her eyes. Blood dripped over her left brow, and her lip was swollen. A red stain was spreading between her ribs. "Let's try this again," Yaxley panted against Luna's hair. "I already owe Ted Nott and Walden Macnair a few thousand Galleons for your little stunt, Miss Granger." He grinned. "Antonin won't mind this one going to waste, I'm sure." Hermione watched Luna's ribs drag in air, thinking. Baxter was dead, and now he was saying Parvati was too. The fifth girl possibly dead. Luna here, about to die. Fifty unarmed girls locked in a room several hallways back. Harry wasn't here. Or McGonagall or Kingsley. Or Lupin. Or Dumbledore. "Drop the wand, Miss Granger." Yaxley raised his bloody knife to Luna's chin. She could kill them both. It may take some fighting but she could do it. And grab up Dolohov's wand and go back for the girls. Or push through the halls without them, looking for an exit. And then what? Who was left? "Miss Granger?" She could conjure that hate. Take out Dolohov. But not before Yaxley's knife ended Luna. She could kill Dolohov, then Yaxley as Luna's body dropped. And then she'd be alone. "It's okay, Hermione." She looked back to Luna. The girl smiled and there was blood on her teeth. She nodded her head, like telling her she could step in front of her at the drinking fountain. The movement pushed the blade into her skin. "It's okay," Luna said. "Don't think of me. I don't mind." Yaxley squeezed her, and the blade cut her just enough. "Remember? He said it would be better this way." Draco. Draco told her it would be better to die. But despite her attachments, she still had no reason to trust him over her instincts. And her instincts started to scream as the blade moved across Luna's throat. Hermione dropped to her knees, skidded the wand down the stones, and moved her hands to her head. She watched as Yaxley scooped up his wand, as Luna's hands scrambled for her throat. Dolohov moved toward Hermione, and Yaxley turned his wand on Luna's neck, knitting the skin back together. "Petrificus Totalus," from Dolohov. Her arms snapped to her sides, and her body lengthened, bringing her face-first along the stone floor, smashing her nose. Dolohov kicked her over. He leaned over her, smiled, and spit on her face. "You're not so smart after all, are you, you little swot?" Dolohov aimed his wand at her head. "Feisty though. I'll enjoy that once you're mine." He reached down, grabbed a fist full of her hair, and dragged her frozen body down the stones. . . A/N: Content warnings for this chapter include Minor Character Death, references to Suicide, and violence.
A/N: Content warnings at end of chapter. Scroll to bottom if you are concerned. So far, she was quite pleased with Professor Slughorn. All in all, he was a much friendlier presence than their previous Potions instructor. He'd welcomed them into the classroom, and she and her classmates had gravitated towards four cauldrons bubbling in the center of the room. Polyjuice was clearly boiling in one. She peered into another and found Veritaserum, without a doubt. She scrunched her nose in disapproval that he would allow such dangerous potions within clear reach of students . She inched closer as Slughorn gave Harry and Ron spare copies of the textbook, standing on her tiptoes to inspect the swirling silver potion in the cauldron closest to her. She gasped. Amortentia. Slughorn asked for each of the potions to be identified, and her hand rocketed into the air every time. "It's the most powerful love potion in the world!" she said, bouncing on her toes when Slughorn asked her. "Quite right! You recognized it, I suppose, by its distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen?" She nodded. "And the steam rising in characteristic spirals. And it's supposed to smell differently to each of us, according to what attracts us, and I can smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and — " Honey. Honey dripping into a teacup. Her jaw snapped shut. It was innocuous, really. Just honey. Her eyes drifted to a pale blond, wondering if he would have even associated her almost-confession with his morning tea. Draco was staring past her, glaring at Ron. No. He probably wasn't paying an ounce of attention to her. Never in the way she wanted. They put her in a room all by herself. It could have been an old meeting room. Large enough for a table and twelve chairs. It was empty now. The shadows of where portraits used to hang on the walls, rectangles of unblemished wallpaper. They left her petrified. Face up. It was a blessing actually. She couldn't hyperventilate when all she could physically do was breathe. Luna had been able to walk by herself when they locked the door, stumbling along behind Yaxley. She gave Hermione a small smile as the door closed, and Hermione spent the first ten minutes of her isolation trying to decipher it. Was it a thank you? Was it meant to say, it's alright that you didn't listen to me? Hermione stared at the ceiling, waiting for what came next. So, Pansy was right. An Auction of sorts. Yaxley mentioned the cost of the bodies he'd killed, and Dolohov was under the impression that the signature on her arm would change to his, probably with an exchange of Galleons. It explained why Yaxley had bothered to heal Luna. They were more valuable alive. How valuable, she wondered. Pansy said 5,000 Galleons for virgins. That sounded like an awful lot for a one-time experience. It took a while for Hermione to realize that the curse Dolohov hit her with was still bleeding. She'd stopped the spread of the razor blade nicks with her Finite Incatatem, but did not heal the skin. She lay there, feeling a slow seeping wetness across her back, cold in the marble room. She tried not to mourn Parvati or the Baxter girl. She didn't know the fate of the fifth one. Just like how she tried not to mourn Harry or McGonagall. None of it had to be real yet. She just needed to survive the Ministry holding cells, and then take it a step at a time. She remembered the plans she made as soon as Harry's body appeared in the courtyard. Leave the castle, find the younger students and anyone who hadn't joined the battle, and then hope to find everyone else. That felt like years ago. She could have done something similar if she had let Luna die. If she had found something dark inside of her, connected to that green light. Harry had never fired a Killing Curse once, always content to disarm. Harry was dead. The thought crawled over her still skin like ivy. Harry was dead. He'd failed. And what chance would she have against Lord Voldemort, even if she could get free? Harry had warred with himself: Hallows or Horcruxes – which was more important? Perhaps he'd chosen wrong? She heard footsteps, loud clopping sounds of a man who wanted everyone to know he was coming. They paused in front of her door. She stared at the tiles on the ceiling, waiting for the door handle to turn. She counted to ten, breathing slowly. Then to twenty. The footsteps moved down the hall, quieter as he left. She knew Yaxley's quick pace, like a shark in a small pond, ready to dart, ready to swerve. Dolohov rested his weight on his heels, making him a clumsy runner. She didn't know Macnair. He wasn't at the Department of Mysteries, and her interactions with him were sparse. Who else was involved in this? What other names were scrawled with ink across those girls' arms? Who was in charge of this Auction? Lucius Malfoy's smug grin flashed in her mind. When the Snatchers grabbed them, they had been taken to Malfoy Manor. Luna had been kept there for months before that. Was Lucius Malfoy in charge of this prisoner project? And what did that mean for Draco? He hadn't identified them that night. Recognized them, certainly, but was reluctant. Not that Hermione remembered much. She'd been preoccupied with Bellatrix's blade. Did they write Yaxley's name over her scar? She made to lift her arm to look, and remembered she was petrified. Footsteps. And this time she did recognize Dolohov's heavy, flat feet. The door crunched open, and she counted her heartbeats. Dolohov moved slowly into the room, crafty enough to stay out of her sightline as he walked to the other side of the conference table she lay on. "I told them you were special," he muttered. "Said from the beginning you should be kept separate." He growled a laugh. "They're listening to me now though." He stood somewhere near her feet, her eyes strained to find him. She counted five of her own quick exhales before he spoke again. "Didn't know you had Wandless like that though. That'll be fixed soon." Before she could ruminate over the possibilities of what he could mean, a light pressure appeared over her right ankle, freezing her brain. A finger dragging up the inner seam of her jeans, over her calf. Her throat contracted with nerves, and she felt herself drowning, choking. "You Obliviated me. You remember?" The ceiling blurred, and he reached her knee, passing it. "I don't, of course." He chuckled. "I was told later about what happened. The Dark Lord had the whelp torture me for it." Up the inside of her thigh, wedging between her two locked legs. And his chest and face came into focus, looking down at her from where he stood tall next to her shoulders. "I'm thinking about returning the favor, Mudblood." His finger at the top of her thighs. "After the first time I fuck you, maybe I'll erase it, so every time will be the first time for you." His full hand slithered between her thighs, cupping her, pressing against her. "Warm already." "I expect you'll be paying me for this, Dolohov?" another person asked. And Hermione had never known relief like the warm joy of hearing Yaxley's voice. "Just getting a taste," Dolohov replied. "Seeing as that's my name on her arm, I'd suggest you release her. I could decide not to sell her at all." Dolohov removed his hand, stepping back and muttering. Yaxley moved into her sightline. "Miss Granger," Yaxley hissed. "Lydia Baxter is dead. Parvati Patil is dead. Gwen Mortensen is still with the Healers." He leaned down on his elbows, bringing his face closer, adopting a conversational tone. "That was a very expensive coup you just staged. As I am your current Holder, I now have the great pleasure of paying for your sins." He nodded over his shoulder. " Ted Nott may waive the Baxter girl's fee for me. But I'm sure Macnair will not be as understanding. "But I do find it interesting that the Lovegood girl is still alive," Yaxley said, voice catching at the end in a strange imitation of Lucius Malfoy. "I guess the others' lives were not as valuable to you." Like Yaxley had timed it, a tear slipped from the corner of her left eye, sliding down toward her ear. "Oh, don't cry, Miss Granger." He chuckled, and her skin shivered when he brushed his finger across her cheek to wipe the tear away. "No one else will be hurt due to your incompetence. You just need to behave until this Friday evening." He whispered a Finite Incantatem and she gulped air like a vacuum, her lungs pressing into her ribs until they felt like they cracked. The muscles in her arms and legs shaking from fighting the petrifying curse. Her lip trembled. "How does that sound, Miss Granger?" Yaxley whispered into her ear. She refused to turn to face him, still staring up at the ceiling like she was still petrified. "I need a verbal response. Or I'll need to just leave you here until Friday." "Yes." She didn't recognize her voice. "Wonderful." Yaxley stood tall and pointed his wand at her. "That's the last word I ever want to hear from you. Silencio." She was grateful. Now she could scream. Yaxley and Dolohov escorted her to the showers. She didn't know how long she'd been in the conference room on the table, but there was no one else in the showers when she arrived. The other girls from her group were gone by now. What other girls. She chuckled darkly. Half of them were dead. Yaxley left to prep the medical team, and once the door was closed, Dolohov leered at her again, letting his eyes slide down her body. He handed her a towel. She waited. Praying he would turn and leave her. He gestured to the showers. Tile boxes without doors or curtains. She didn't remember the other girls talking about a lack of privacy during the showers. Just that they were too brief. She looked back at Dolohov, then to the door, raising her brows. "Can't leave you alone, love." He winked at her. She swallowed. She looked to the shower, and then handed the towel back to him. She would choose not to. He didn't take it. "Oh, you'll wash," he said. He stepped closer to her, and she lifted her chin. "Or I'll do it for you." He lifted a hand to touch her, maybe her hair or her shoulder. She jumped away and moved to the shower, starting the spray. She kicked off her trainers. Slid down the zipper on her hoodie. Peeled the jacket and jumper off. The razorblade spell he'd hit her with had sliced through her layers, leaving little nicks in all her clothing. She faced the spray, watching the steam rise, twisting like fire. She popped the button on her jeans. Tugged down the zipper. She shucked her knickers and jeans together, stepping out of them quickly. Ripped her shirt over her head, tugging the dried blood off her back. Clicked open her bra. She stepped under the water and imagined her shower at home in Hampstead. Her mother's shampoo on the corner of the tub. Her father's razor in the soap dish. She pulled her hair over her shoulder, keeping her back towards the door. Stinging pricks against her back as the water hit the wounds. Opening her eyes to the tiles, she found a little bottle of wash on a ledge. Her mother used to sing in the shower. And it smelled like raspberries. The body wash in her palms, and she pushed it around her skin. They had a dog when she was younger. And they always washed the dog in the tub, making a mess. The dog had run away or gotten lost when she was nine. Smart dog. "You cleaning everything?" She was back in the Ministry showers, with Antonin Dolohov watching her under the water. The first man to see her naked. She knew what he meant. How was she supposed to... with him here. Her shoulders were tight, up to her ears. "Clean that pretty cunt, Granger, or I'll do it myself." She closed her eyes again. And reached down between her legs to scrub quickly. She wished the water was hotter. Burning. She turned the tap, and stepped out, trying to keep her back to him still. She took the towel from the hook, and wrapped herself tight. She heard Dolohov walking toward her, and she concentrated on the floor. Something was thrust in her face. A hospital gown. She frowned at it and took it from him. "Don't have all day." She pulled the gown on over the towel, and let it drop to the floor. Dolohov scourgified her clothing, charmed it to fold and jump into his hands, her knickers landing on top. He plucked them up, swung them around his finger, and smirked at her. He led her down the hall, still dripping. She thought she maybe should try running again. A wandless shove, maybe disarm him. Barefoot and wet. Silenced. Running through the Ministry in a hospital gown. Hermione kept her eyes on the ground. He brought her into the room she'd ran past before, the one the mediwitch had peeked out from. An exam table and two mediwitches. He shoved her inside. Her heart beat fiercely, but she tried to remember that none of the others were worse for wear after their medical exams. One of the women in white turned to greet them, and she paled as her eyes landed on Hermione. "Come in," she squeaked. Hermione shuffled toward the exam table, dripping still. The witch cast a drying charm on her, and Hermione nodded in thanks. The other witch blinked several times when she turned and saw Hermione. She was older with greying hair, a plump figure. She quickly returned to what she was doing. "The full work-up. Detailed." Dolohov crossed his arms, standing in front of the door. Hermione slid up onto the exam table, holding her gown closed. "Any chance you're pregnant?" the younger witch asked. Hermione swallowed and shook her head "no." The mediwitch cast a diagnostic over her. Hermione read the results backwards, finding no fresh scaring or bruising, internal or external. There was something glowing red, like a blinking stoplight. The girl frowned, and moved to open the back of her gown. A soft exhale against Hermione's neck as she saw the nicks across her skin. An incantation, and then they were healed. The young witch picked up her left arm carefully and examined Bellatrix Lestrange's handiwork. She looked up at Hermione, making quick eye contact before looking away. She paused over a few of the scars she'd obtained in the past year on the run. Remembering her question from earlier, Hermione checked her arm. Yaxley's signature was placed just above her Mudblood scar. They had made sure the scar was still visible. "When was the last time you ate?" Hermione shook her head. The witch blinked at her. "A lot of your nutrition levels are low. She should—" The girl looked quickly to Dolohov, then snapped her jaw shut. "My recommendation is that she eat more. Proteins especially." Dolohov rolled his eyes. "Yes, you say that every time." He stepped off the wall, and came closer to the table. "And the other spell?" The older mediwitch frowned, and the younger one's eye twitched. She turned back to Hermione and said, "Lie back, please." Hermione took a deep, silent breath, and scooted until she laid back. Staring at a ceiling again. She tilted her head up to watch as the younger one muttered a spell that Hermione didn't recognize. A warm feeling, at the top of her head and at her toes, then scanning downward and upward. It was like a scan. The warm waves met in the middle of her, and low in her belly she felt a quick pressure. And then her stomach glowed. Like a ball of light had pushed out of her bellybutton. She watched it, glowing so white, it looked blue. A chuckle from the corner of the room, and Hermione turned to see Dolohov grinning at her. "You better make this worth my money, Mudblood." She scowled at him, and turned to see the plump mediwitch frown and then turn away to scribble something on a chart. The younger one scratched her face, hiding the way she wiped away a tear. Hermione's throat closed. She wasn't sure what the spell meant, but she could take a guess. An extra 5,000. Isn't that what Pansy said? "Suppressants for this one, too." The ball of light faded and vanished. The young witch sighed. "Do you have a problem with that?" Dolohov sneered at her. "No, sir." "Give her two doses." The plump one turned over her shoulder, but said nothing. "Two? Sir, that's unnecessary—" "Two," he hissed. Hermione sat up, watching the plump witch pour one vial into another, filling to the brim. She handed the younger one the potion. Hermione shook her head no. "It's a temporary suppressant," the girl whispered. "Should only last three days—" "Don't talk to her. If there's a question or direction, talk to me," Dolohov said darkly. The girl pressed her lips together and nodded. Suppressant. Some kind of inhibitor for her magic? When had that been developed? "You gonna take it, or do I need to pry your jaw open?" he asked her. The young witch squeezed her arm when she handed it to her. Hermione looked at her with wide eyes. "Three days," the girl said. "What did I just tell you," Dolohov snarled. Hermione looked to Dolohov, large and in the only doorway, wand drawn. The young witch bit her lip. The older witch kept her back to the room. Three days. And then what? Hermione swallowed it. Two large gulps. Minty. As the girl took the bottle back from her, Dolohov said, "And the other. The spell." The girl's fingers shook. "For her?" The young witch turned over her shoulder to stare wide-eyed at Dolohov. He raised a brow. "She's a Mudblood, isn't she?" "But..." The girl looked at her. Hermione watched her struggle, unable to ask what was happening as they talked about her. "Is there a problem?" "Wouldn't that be... a huge waste, sir?" The older witch didn't turn around but continued to write on her chart. "Under what circumstances could you see us needing her to be fertile?" A heavy rock dropped in her stomach. She looked down at her hands. They were sterilizing all the Muggleborns. "She's supposed to be quite bright. Very talented. Those genes would—" "She's dirty. Perform the spell," Dolohov said with finality. A churning in her stomach. She didn't want children. Not like this. Not with one of them. "I'd like to speak to Mr. Yaxley about this. He is her Holder and I think he—" "Are you disobeying direct orders?" Dolohov advanced. Hermione closed her eyes. She didn't want to bear Dolohov's children. She should be glad he was on the same page. But to be sterilized was so permanent. Like the future was set. Like there was no way to reverse anything about to happen to them. "Yes, sir. I am." Her eyes snapped open to see the young mediwitch standing between herself and Dolohov. The older woman turned, pressing her lips together. Dolohov laughed. And then quickly, "Crucio." Hermione flinched when the girl dropped. The room was too small for her screams. "I'll do it." The other woman stepped forward, pulling her wand. Dolohov released the other girl, and she panted below Hermione's feet. The older witch stepped over her partner, standing in front of Hermione with a firm expression. "Lie back." Hermione didn't fight her. She needed to save her energy for battles that mattered. She couldn't use wandless magic for three days. She couldn't physically best anyone. And without either of those options, she couldn't outthink them either. She leaned back, and watched as the mediwitch hovered her wand over Hermione's stomach, placing a hand on her waist to hold her to the table. Hermione swallowed. The wand twisted over her left side, and a spell was muttered. She thought of small fingers and toes. A boy with shaggy brown hair in her lap, pouting over a book. Something wrenched inside of her. Severing her. Her legs jerked, throat clicking on a silent gasp of pain. She stared at the ceiling as the older witch moved to her right side. Her fallopian tubes were being severed. The wand tapped at her right hip as the older witch leaned over her, obstructing Dolohov from view. And she thought she could see a bright bow balanced on twisting curls. The wand twisted again. A tear dripped out of her lashes. And then the hand on Hermione's stomach pinched the flesh on her hip between two nails. She jumped, legs spasming. If she had her voice she would have yelped. Hermione looked to the older witch, confused. What was that for? The woman pulled away, smoothing her hand down Hermione's stomach and turned to Dolohov. "It's done." But there was no internal cut. Not on the right side. Dolohov grinned, and the older woman pulled the young girl off the floor. Dolohov held Hermione's clean clothes out to her, barking at her to dress quickly. The mediwitches made notes on their papers, keeping their eyes down. Hermione didn't even worry about Dolohov's eyes as she redressed. She watched the women. Stepping in front of a Death Eater to give Hermione Granger a chance at a future. The older woman met her eyes as Dolohov hauled her out the door. He whispered something into her ear about mourning the mutts they would have had. He returned her to the holding room, and Hermione didn't even flinch as his hand passed over her backside. Her mind was spinning. The only weapon she had left. "Hermione!" The door clanged closed. And fifty girls came to their feet. Even Pansy looked on with curiosity. Ginny pushed her way forward, holding her, touching her, asking her questions she couldn't answer. "Hermione?" Ginny prompted when she hadn't spoken. She raised her fingers to her throat and shook her head. She watched Ginny's eyes flatten. Watched Cho frown at the ground. Watched a room full of girls realize Hermione Granger's swotty voice had been taken away. Luna stepped forward. "Are you hurt, Hermione?" She looked at the small smile on Luna's lips. She shook her head no. She didn't need them to know any more than that. Had half of these girls been sterilized? Did the mediwitches spare others? And what purpose did that serve if she was just going to be sold and raped? Why would the older witch save fifty percent of her chances? A gasping from the corner. Several of them turned to see a young girl no more than fourteen starting to cry. Starting to hyperventilate. Penelope Clearwater came to her side, and wrapped her arms around her, demanding that she breathe. "What… what are we— are we going to do?" the girl cried. "She couldn't— She didn't get out." Hermione took a slow inhale, looking away. She found Romilda Vane in the crowd, silent tears streaming down her face. Pansy closed her eyes, leaned her head back on the wall, and took a deep breath in. Ginny spun around the room. "Hey. It's— this isn't the end. We have time." Someone else began to sniffle. A wail from the young girl in Penelope's arms. And Hermione realized they needed to know. She needed to tell them. She looked around for something she could write with. Nothing sharp to carve. Nothing like chalk. The only thing they had was fruit. She moved to the basket. A huge bowl of grapes. It would take time, but it would do. She pulled the bowl to the center of the room, and started plucking them off the vine. She thought of the small mediwitch's screams. The way she'd stepped in front of her before she'd dropped to the floor. Hermione spelled it as best as she could. The plump woman's eyes — cold and distant even as she helped her. Not betraying anything. Her calculating gaze when she and Dolohov left the room. Luna came to her side, standing next to her and watching. She saw more feet come close to the grapes, waiting for her to be finished. The vine was almost bare, and Hermione thought of Lydia Baxter, who she'd never met before today. She thought of Parvati and the way the dark-haired girl would copy her notes in Charms class. She finished spelling. One grape left and she gave it a final period at the end. Like it was fact. She stood, staring down, letting fifty girls swarm her to read what the Golden Girl had to say to them. Not alone. . . A/N: Content Warnings for unwanted groping and assault, mentions of rape.
A/N: Content Warning - References to non-con and rape. Nothing is depicted. On a day she assumed was Thursday, they showered them again. She was taken first, alone. Dolohov watched her undress again, watched her under the spray. He scourgified her clothing and handed each item back to her, one at a time. Starting with her knickers. He smiled and ran his fingers across the cotton as she stood in front of him, dripping in her towel. "Cherish these moments, Mudblood," he said. "You won't need little knickers any longer after tomorrow." She gave him no reaction. Unable to speak, she concentrated on becoming expressionless. She tugged the knickers on under the towel, and struggled the rest of the clothing on her still wet body. When they returned her and took five girls, then five more, none of them complained about the lack of privacy in the showers. So, she assumed it was a special circumstance for her. Word got around among the girls that the Auction would take place that Friday night. Enough whispers had been overheard to take a solid guess. Ginny began to pace around the room, trying to figure out as many details as she could. Hermione sat in the corner with Luna while the blonde played with her hair, braiding it and unbraiding it absentmindedly. "Should we try again to attack?" Ginny asked the room. "We don't have magic, but we have numbers. Instead of five against two, we could be fifty against a handful." There was a thick silence, and someone said, "After what happened... with Parvati and Lydia... I just—" "I'd be more afraid of living than dying, if I were you," Pansy said, staring at her nails. "Are you volunteering with me, Parkinson?" Ginny asked. Pansy smirked. "I don't volunteer." Ginny looked over at her. "Hermione? What do you think? They haven't upped the number of guards. It's still just Dolohov and at least one more. The next time they come into the room, we could... I don't know." Ginny let her arms drop to her side. Ginny stared at her, hopeful, excited. Hermione stared back. Ginny had private showers for five days now. She hadn't watched Lydia Baxter bleed to death in front of her. She hadn't listened to Luna's screaming. She hadn't felt the heat of Dolohov's hand between her legs, hadn't felt his foul breath as he talked in slow whispers about what he wanted to do to her body. Ginny had a voice. And it was brilliant that she still wanted to use it. Truly. But Hermione was already having trouble making eye contact with people. And she knew enough about shock, and submission, and torture to know that she was not in the right state of mind to discuss this right now. That people would die, and it would live on Hermione's soul like a fungus. Ginny was waiting for an answer. The entire room was. Hermione still had no voice. Instead, she shrugged. Then, watched Ginny blink at her. Watched several of the younger girls look away, eyes wet. Watched Pansy's eyes narrow and Penelope Clearwater's gaze drop. Luna took her hand, laced their fingers together and hummed a small song. "Nothing?" Ginny scowled. "Just"—she shrugged, an imitation of her—"Just nothing?" She laughed, a hollow sound. "Merlin, Hermione! Think! Give an opinion! Isn't that what you're good at?" Ginny's eyes were wide and on fire. Several girls shifted and stared with rapt attention. "Ginny—" Cho started. "No! She's always thinking. Always with the plan and always two steps ahead of everyone else, planning adventures no one else is invited on, and saving the world whenever Harry asks, but now Harry's dead and she can't be bothered to care?" Ginny sucked in air, voice quivering. Hermione felt her cheeks flush and tears spring to her eyes. "She's not fighting!" "She did fight! She lost!" Mortensen yelled. "Then she fights again!" Ginny snapped back. "If she doesn't—" Ginny turned to face her, addressing her again. "If you don't fight then what the fuck are the rest of us supposed to do?!" She gestured to the room of them. Hermione felt a buzzing in her ears. "Kingsley and McGonagall are gone. So, there's just you, Hermione! If Harry were here, he'd—" Her voice cracked, like it had been cut in half. She moved her lips wordlessly, squeaking. "If Harry..." she tried, breaking. Ginny clapped a hand over her mouth, eyes wide and watering. Luna released Hermione's hand, nudging her to move, and Hermione was up, crossing to Ginny, pulling her into her arms, and holding her as she broke into pieces, voice echoing against the tiles in strange patterns. She mouthed words against her ear, telling her how sorry she was and how much she wanted things to be different. All the clichés that sounded awful when said aloud, but when breathed into Ginny's fiery hair, they made sense. She told Ginny about Dolohov, about his hands and his eyes and how she wished she had killed him when she had the chance. Ginny quieted, and Hermione pulled back to hold her face between her fingers looking into her eyes and breathed, We will survive this. I will find you. Ginny nodded. Hermione stepped away, feeling every eye on them. She turned in a circle, meeting the stare of each girl, reading the fear and the exhaustion. She ended on Pansy Parkinson, who held her eyes. She couldn't speak for herself. Couldn't give voice to what she wanted to say to them. She looked down, maybe she could spell it again. Grapes again. In a bowl near her feet. Hermione reached down, plucked one from the vine, and looked directly into Ginny's red eyes and extended it to her. Not alone. Ginny nodded, and took the grape from her fingers. She felt the room breathe, drinking in the peace. The door banged open. She sprang away from Ginny, grabbing more grapes, like it was her intention for being in the center of the room. She listened for Dolohov's heavy boots, but they didn't come. She looked to the door. "Well, hello everyone." A tall young man sending them a dazzling grin. Marcus Flint. He'd gotten his teeth fixed. "Granger," he nodded at her. "Lovely to see you again." He let his eyes trail down her torso, tilting his head as he took in her hips and legs. He looked down at a piece of paper in his hand, eyes running down the page. He frowned. "Ah. Of course not." He looked up at her again, sighing dramatically. "It would have been too good to be true." A smile. Hermione stared at him, moving slowly back to her side of the room. Raising his voice, he announced, "Let me see Mortensen, Vane, Jimenez, and..." His brow lifted. "Parkinson." Two girls slowly stepped forward. Hermione eyed the open door, just making out Yaxley's boots beyond the frame. "For what?" Pansy snapped. Flint searched the room for her, finding her in her normal corner. He smirked. "Oh, how the mighty have fallen..." he murmured. "I have a new potion to test out," he announced. He gazed around the room, eyes landing on Hermione again. "Something that could be quite lucrative in this current... market. I needed some test subjects. And here you all are." He grinned. Hermione shuddered from her shoulders down to her fingertips. "So those four girls please line up—" "What kind of potion?" Pansy pried. She had the most history with Marcus Flint and it showed in the way he glared back at her. Yaxley turned the corner, standing in the doorway and hissed, "Do it." Mortensen joined the other two, Pansy drifting in line last. Flint looked Mortensen up and down, and told her to leave the line. He looked at the list and called out for a Nelson, and when a pale, thin-faced girl wobbled forward, he dismissed her before she even got in line. "Jimenez step back. Let's see Sandhu?" A tall raven-haired girl with a thin waist and long legs stepped forward. Flint appraised her and smirked. He looked down at the list again, "Let's see, let's see." "What's the list for?" Pansy repeated. Flint grinned at her. "I'm allowed to take my pick of any of the Lots on this list. The rest of them would cost me 5,000 galleons up front." Hermione paled. He had a list of the non-virgins. So, whatever this was, it was sexual. "Lots?" Ginny spoke up. Flint's eyes swiveled to her. "Lots for sale. That's what you are now." A wave of silence, crashing like water in the bottom of a deep well. The first time anyone had mentioned the Auction to them. Confirmed it. Flint looked Ginny up and down, checked his list, and frowned. "Really Weasley? Don't tell me poor Potter had to die a virgin." He looked up at her. "Couldn't take one for the team?" Even without magic, Hermione felt the air around Ginny crack. Ginny launched herself forward with a holler, latching on to Flint and scratching at his face, reaching for his throat. BANG! Ginny flew back, body smacking into the dark tile wall opposite the door, held up by Yaxley's wand. Flint righted himself, grinning. Girls scurried away from Ginny's dangling body like roaches in the light. Her legs kicked. "Oh, I like her." Flint cooed. "She's Dolohov's? I'm sure he wouldn't mind if we played with her for a bit—" "The Dark Lord wants her intact," Yaxley commanded. Hermione braced herself against the wall, next to Luna again. The first time anyone had mentioned Voldemort to them. Ginny chuckled, a manic sound. "Tom misses me?" Yaxley rolled his eyes and held her there while Marcus Flint returned to his floor show. "Alright, who else." Flint looked over the list again, pacing the room. He stopped. "Penelope Clearwater." A shuffling from a corner, and Penelope stepped forward with her chin up. "Huh." Flint smirked. "I thought you'd never give it up." He walked around her in a circle, and to her credit, Penelope didn't flinch. "Oi, remember when I invited you to the Yule Ball, and you choose that Poncy Weasley instead?" Her jaw ticked. "Are you done yet?" Yaxley asked. Flint's eyes never left Penelope's. "Yes. I'll take Clearwater, and bring Parkinson for Macnair. He'll probably prefer a pure-blood whore." Penelope and Pansy were marched out. The door slammed and Ginny's body dropped from the wall. Two hours later, they returned Penelope. She kept her eyes down, not speaking, and laid in the corner facing the wall. Several girls tried to feed her, make her drink water, get her to talk about it. She didn't move. They left a pile of grapes for her in hopes she would eat when she was ready. As Hermione added a grape to Penelope's pile, she looked toward the door, wondering why Pansy hadn't been returned. When she woke on Friday morning, Pansy Parkinson was sitting next to her, staring down at her face with an open expression, like she'd fallen asleep with her eyelids open, watching her. Her deep eyes blinked at seeing Hermione awake, and the familiar sneer and pout returned to her lips. Hermione sat up slowly, heart beating fast like it did while they were on the run, always looking for enemies. No one else was awake except a few girls in the far corner who were known to stay awake in misery. Hermione looked back to Pansy, and the girl flicked her limp hair over her shoulder in a way that reminded Hermione of Charms class. She'd never been this close to her. If she concentrated, she could still smell her perfume. Something floral that used to stick to Draco's robes. Pansy lifted a still-perfect brow and looked out over the room of sleeping girls. "I used to envy you." Hermione waited. Waited for the proof that someone else had spoken. Waited for her mind to conjure the meaning behind the words. "On the day I left for Hogwarts, my father told me to concentrate on my studies because I wasn't pretty enough to catch a husband. I thought it was a strange thing to say to an eleven-year-old, but..." Pansy swallowed. Hermione held her breath, watching Pansy's perfect bow lips and dark lashes. "When he saw my marks at the end of third year, he told me he expected me to be the top girl in my class by the end of fourth, and I said, 'That's impossible. There's a Mudblood girl who can't be beat. But don't worry, Daddy. I can catch a husband just fine. I have the Malfoy boy wrapped around my little finger.'" She broke into a laugh. Something low and self-deprecating. She tilted her head back against the wall and stared at the ceiling, shaking her head as if a toddler had just said something incredibly sweet and incredibly foolish. Hermione stared, unable to speak, unable to move. "And here we are," Pansy continued, "at the end of days, waiting in a line to be sold and raped and used. And still, I can't sleep with envy of you. Of what your life will be." Pansy's head rolled against the wall to look at her again. Hermione stared with wide eyes, wishing more than anything that she could speak, could ask her what she meant. Hermione watched as Pansy's eyes dripped over her face, slanting across Hermione's lips and cheeks, rounding at her temples and taking in her wild hair. Pansy's lips parted, took a breath in to speak again— "What are you doing? Get away from her!" Ginny was awake, tugging at Hermione's shoulders to put herself between her and Pansy. Pansy rolled her eyes. "Calm your tits, Weasley. We were just having some girl talk." Her sneer was back in place. She drew herself up and paced back to the other side of the room, facing the wall. Hermione watched her until the door opened. A frail old man entered the room. He reminded her of Ollivander. Especially his eyes. His brows twitched as he took in the room of girls. He cleared his throat and looked at his shoes, and then turned back to Yaxley in the doorway. "Is this all of them, Mr. Yaxley?" "There's about twenty males down the hall," Yaxley replied. Ginny shifted next to her, probably wondering how many of her brothers were footsteps away. "Well," the man replied, taking his glasses off to clean them, brows narrowing at his fingers. "The best way is individually, but I fear we'll run out of time. Proceedings start at eight?" He pushed his glasses back on his nose, and Hermione realized he refused to make eye contact with any of them. Refused to acknowledge them. "Eight sharp." He nodded. "Then let's get the women cleaned up while I start appraisals on the men. We might need to do groups." He stared at his shoes and swept out. Yaxley turned to her. "Mudblood. You're up." There were probably twenty Muggle-born girls in the room, but still everyone understood he was addressing Hermione. She stood, wobbling to the door, and followed him to the showers. He didn't stay in the room like Dolohov did. Didn't watch her undress. She supposed if he wanted her, he wouldn't be selling her. She stood under the water, enjoying what was probably to be her last moments of privacy and relative safety in her life. She wondered if Ron was down the hall somewhere. Or if he'd fought them. If he'd thrown himself into the fire like a true Gryffindor and attempted to smother the flames from within. What would Harry say, if he could see her now? Yaxley banged on the door after two minutes, and she quickly ran the shampoo through her hair, washed between her legs, and toweled off. The door opened as soon as she covered herself, and Yaxley and a second Death Eater lead in five girls for their showers. She reached for her clothes on the floor, and Yaxley stopped her. "Ah," he chided. He vanished her garments and held a robe out to her. She took it carefully, draped it over herself, and let the towel drop once she was covered. The five girls stood against the wall, waiting patiently. As if this was routine now. He vanished the towel and grabbed her elbow, leading her out of the room. Dolohov was standing guard outside the showers and sent her a wink. "Make sure they take all of it, Corban. I like 'em bare." "Yeah, yeah," Yaxley griped. He turned her away from the usual path back to the holding room, and brought her down a new hallway. One Death Eater stood guarding the door. A young one Hermione recognized from Hogwarts. Maybe he'd been Slytherin's Seeker before Draco. He opened the door for Yaxley, and Hermione found three witches in bright blue robes hovering around three padded tables and three chairs. One of them with bright orange hair gasped when she saw Hermione, bringing her fingers to her lips. Hermione didn't recognize her. "Is there a problem?" Yaxley hissed. The girl responded in a French accent, "No, monsieur." The other two looked down, one of them wringing her hands. "Do not communicate with her." He yanked a curtain around the table and chair, standing on the outside of it. The girls started speaking lowly in French, eyes wide and jumping to her. Hermione just stared back. "You better be discussing curling irons," Yaxley bellowed. The girls quieted and indicated that Hermione should sit on the first table. The orange-haired girl touched Hermione's shoulder and gestured for her to remove the robe. Hermione frowned and shrugged. Why the hell not. They peeled the robe from her, and immediately started pressing lotion into her skin. She tensed under their hands. One of them lifted her arm above her head and pressed their wand to her armpit. Hermione twitched as the skin went numb, looking down anxiously. The witch muttered another spell and Hermione watched the hair burn away, sizzling down to the roots under the skin. Inventive. She'd heard Lavender talking about this process, but she herself had never needed it. She would have liked it on the road with Harry and Ron though. The memory pulled at something in her, and she looked straight ahead at the closed curtain, watching as the colors blurred. The repeated the process under her other arm. Then removed hair from the tops of her forearms. Hermione frowned, her remaining vanity spiking. She didn't consider herself hairy. When one girl started on her legs, the door opened behind the curtain. Yaxley led in one of the captured girls, fresh from her shower. One of the Lots. Hermione snorted soundlessly. The Lots. Well done, gentlemen. The sensation of her entire leg being numbed for the hair removal had her feeling a bit weightless, like her limbs did belong to her. She swung her legs, not feeling the air swish by. The girl rubbed lotion onto her hairless skin, and Hermione couldn't help but feel like she was being prepared for slaughter. The skin of her underarm started pricking back to life. One of the French girls started in on the new Lot while the other one cast a hair-drying charm on Hermione's wet hair. The girl's eyes bugged out of her head at the sheer volume of Hermione's dried, frizzy hair, and Hermione couldn't help but laugh. The hair girl charmed her wand to blow hot air, trying to tame down Hermione's curls, fixing her mistake. A third Lot was brought in, and then only the French girl messing with her hair stayed with her. She kept frowning and huffing, and Hermione smiled at her knees. Her hairless knees. I like 'em bare. They'd be taking the hair from between her legs next. Hermione picked at her chipped nails while the girl fought her hair, trying to remember the way she'd gotten ready for the Yule Ball. She'd bought that sweet-smelling potion and spent hours on her hair. She'd been about to jump in the shower to wash it all away when Lavender and Parvati had come back to the dormitory and squealed at the sight of her, telling her she looked stunning. They were both dead now. The French girl had her lay back, open her legs, and remain still while she removed the hair from her sex. They were returned in small dresses and Mary Jane shoes. Half of them in white, half in grey. She could guess what the white meant. The girls who could still speak started informing the rest of the room what was happening. About an hour later, Dolohov and the young Death Eater started taking a few at a time to a separate room. The Appraisal, one of the returning girls said. "It's 5,000 galleons more if you're a virgin," Mortensen murmured from the corner, in a grey dress. "Parkinson was right." Pansy looked stunning in her slate grey dress when they returned her. Hair thick and sharp. She might have even conned them into swiping mascara on her eyes. She stood in her corner, arms crossed, lips pressed together. As cool and collected as ever—and it made Hermione wonder what it was they did to her. What they kept her for. She wished she could ask her, but even if she had a voice she didn't think she'd have the courage to. They took Ginny and Luna together, which she thought was a mistake, but she wasn't about to protest. Dolohov led them away with two other girls, and returned them fifteen minutes later. Ginny looked a little green. Luna plopped down beside her and said, "We saw Neville." Hermione snapped her head to her, waiting for more. Luna just smiled and said, "They aren't feeding or bathing them much." "Granger and Parkinson," Yaxley called from the doorway. "Let's go." She stood. These pairings... Not ideal for them. When Pansy met her at the door, Hermione finally caught a glance at the tattoo on her arm, now without her school clothes in the way. C. Yaxley Just like hers. Yaxley was taking his Lots to be appraised. She wondered again how Pansy had gotten here. Was she held in the same location Hermione was before being dropped off at the Ministry? Had she been captured at the Battle of Hogwarts? Or later? Yaxley took them down the corridor and into a completely new room where the older man with kind eyes sat at a desk, piles of paperwork around him. "Who's next," he hummed, voice tired and thin. Yaxley pushed Pansy forward. She stood tall. A measuring tape floated up and began taking her height while an enchanted quill worked beside it. It nudged her to raise her arms, measuring her waist, hips, chest. "Name," he said. "Pansy Parkinson," she stated proudly. He looked up quickly, then looked away, pressing his lips together. "Blood status: pure-blood," he muttered. "Age?" "Seventeen." He wrote that down, and took the measurement page from the air, copying down that information as well. He shuffled through a pile and found another parchment, frowning down at it. "Anything in your medical history we should know about?" Pansy scoffed. "Will it really matter if I broke my leg when I was nine?" He grimaced down at the page. "No, I guess not." He reviewed what seemed to be the medical page the mediwitches had scribbled up for each of them a few days before. He dragged his eyes back to Pansy, and peered at her over his spectacles, making note of her eye, hair, and skin color. He sighed, rubbed the bridge of his nose, and said, "Alright, based on the scale you've provided me with, starting bid should be 4,000 Galleons"—he marked this on his page—"and you can expect bidding to escalate to 12,000, based on her physical appearance and blood status. She was not sterilized, so she might be seen as valuable for certain families." Hermione pressed her lips together, breathing slow. Pansy, on the other hand, turned to Yaxley and said, "Not bad, Yax," with a sly smile. "We can bump that starting bid up, though, can't we? Trust me," she said, leaning toward him conspiratorially. "I'm worth at least as much as one of the virgins. Much more useful." She winked. Yaxley glared at her and threatened to silence her as well. Hermione frowned, watching Pansy smile and flirt. Defense mechanism. She'd probably been raped last night. Or tortured, or both. And now, instead of sitting quietly in a corner like Penelope Clearwater, Pansy Parkinson was weaponizing herself. Her body. Her wit. Her charm. All so she wouldn't break down. Hermione didn't know how to do that. And she wasn't sure she wanted to learn. "Next," the old man said. Hermione stepped forward, and the measuring tape wound around her. "Name." "Hermione Granger," Yaxley replied for her. The older man snapped his eyes up to her, taking her in. He blinked several times before returning to his paper. "Blood status: Muggle-born," he said. "Mudblood is the term now," Yaxley corrected, and the older man nodded. "Age?" "Seventeen," Yaxley replied, and she turned to correct him. "Eighteen. She's eighteen," Pansy said. Hermione blinked down at the tape circling her chest. The old man pulled her medical form. He shook his head slightly, clenching his jaw, and Hermione saw him make a mark in the top right corner of his notes page: V He copied down her measurements, did some calculations, and said in a hollow voice, "Starting bid for Miss Granger should be no lower than 7,500 Galleons based on your grading system." He pulled his glasses from his face. "But I've heard she and Miss Weasley will be starting at 10,000 regardless." Hermione blinked. More Galleons than she'd seen in her life. "Apologies," he continued, squinting at his numbers again. "With the virginity, they will be starting at 15,000." Pansy chuckled and crossed her arms over her grey dress. "And what's your estimation?" Yaxley asked, Sickles in his eyes. "Estimating 33,000 Galleons." Hermione felt like she was swallowing sand. Even Pansy, who was used to that kind of money, went still. That was the yearly salary for the Undersecretary to the Minister. The four-year tuition for one of the prestigious universities that she considered applying to after the war ended. She realized she would not be killed. No one would be idiotic enough to buy her and then kill her off. No, it would be a slow death for her. Maybe years. She wondered how Dolohov thought he could afford this. The old man duplicated his notes with a tap of his wand and handed the copies to Yaxley. Yaxley grinned, eyes sparkling, and escorted the two of them out and back to the holding room. She spent the rest of the day sitting near Ginny and Luna. The energy of the room was like a cold breeze, starting at one end and rolling over them individually, forcing them to tuck into each other. At some point, one of the girls started dreaming aloud about what she wanted to do after Hogwarts. Hermione thought she was maybe a fifth year. Several others followed her, voicing aloud the things they wanted to do. Like they had choices still. There were no windows, so it was hard to tell when the day began to inch toward evening, but hours later, Walden Macnair walked into the room, several other Death Eaters waiting in the doorway behind him. Hermione watched Pansy tuck herself behind another girl, spine curving to become smaller. Macnair looked around the room with a careful intensity. His eyes stopped on Hermione and Ginny, smirking. "Ladies," he announced, and Hermione wondered if it was to be the last time she would be addressed with such formality. "We'll begin transporting you now. Your Holder will be in charge of you while you travel by portkey. Anyone who tries to fight or run or disobey orders during this process will be killed promptly." He said this last part directly to her. "Once you are secured backstage, you will follow instructions from the handlers. Disobedience will result in punishment. For example—" Quick as lightning, his wand turned on her. A screaming pain rocketed through her blood, boiling and coursing through her muscles, shaking her nerves and pulling her ligaments apart one by one. And then it was gone. And Ginny's hands were on her shoulders, holding her, screaming for her. She stared up at the black tile ceiling, breathing hard. She'd been Crucio'd before, but this was strong. Like a concentrated force of lightning sizzling her. It took her a few minutes to sit up. By the time she focused her eyes again, Macnair was finishing his speech, and asking for his Lots to join him. He searched the room as four girls stepped forward. The two in white were scared, but the two in grey were shaking. He'd already raped them. Before bringing them here. Like Parvati. "Parkinson," he hissed. "Come with me, too." Pansy stepped out from her spot behind a tall girl and pasted on a smirk. "Long time, no see, Walden." She strutted to the group. "You gonna drop a few Galleons on me tonight?" He looked her up and down and said, "Why would I pay for something I already got for free?" Pansy's smile fractured, still on her face, but broken now. Pansy and the four other Lots followed Macnair's instructions and gripped his arm. He produced the portkey and they disappeared. Mulciber entered the room next. He called for his Lots and they disappeared. She recognized a few Snatchers come in gleefully, grabbing up eight or so girls before swirling away. Dolohov and Yaxley came in last. Dolohov called for his Lots, and Luna and Ginny left her side. When it was just her and Yaxley left in the room, she wandered over to him without being summoned. It was clearly a type of Stockholm Syndrome, but she was certain Yaxley wouldn't hurt her. He hadn't shown the slightest bit of sexual interest in her, going so far as to keep Dolohov from molesting her further. He grinned at her and pulled his wand. Hermione blinked, feeling like she'd just walked into a trap. "Bit of a costume change, love," he said, smirking. "Turns out, you'll be top prize tonight. Best for last." His wand tapped her shoulder strap, and she watched as the dress pulled closer to her skin, curving at her hips and rounding her breasts. No undergarments in the way. He smiled and flicked his wand again, and she watched as the fabric shimmered gold. "Golden Girl, indeed," he said. And then grabbed her arm and whisked her off. . . Updates on Sundays. Find me on Twitter and Tumblr under Lovesbitca8.
A/N: I'm so pleased with everyone's responses to the story! I've been waiting a long to share this with you all. LOVE to my Betas Raven_Maiden and SaintDionysus. When they spun into their destination, Hermione had two seconds to let her eyes adjust to the dark before she was forced onto a chair, arms behind her. They affixed her hands to the back of the chair with a Sticking Charm. Because he'd tightened and shortened her dress, she struggled to press her knees together, the wooden seat pressed against her bare backside. Yaxley moved away from her, speaking with the guards in low voices, and Hermione looked around her to find chairs with restrained Lots lining the entire room. Not a room. She looked up to a tall ceiling, maybe three stories high, dizzying her. Catwalks and ropes, but also strange things hanging from pulleys. Velvet curtains dropping down from above. Backstage, Macnair had said. They rented out a theatre for this. No, of course not. Hermione shook her head. No one rented anything. She looked to her right and found Ginny sitting next to her, staring down at her knees. It looked as if Dolohov had the same idea as Yaxley and had shortened and tightened Ginny's white dress. Ginny looked up at her, eyes wet, and mouthed, Hi. She looked around. One of the Snatchers was still restraining and silencing his many charges. Her eyes drifted toward the source of light. The stage. They'd decorated it. She squinted at the tall pieces, trying to figure out what they were. Movement across the stage, and Hermione found herself staring into the other wing, directly at Ron Weasley, struggling against his chair. She gasped, soundlessly. Ron was screaming in silence, and she saw his lips form her name. She could just make out twenty other chairs, lined up just like theirs. Neville sat slumped over in one. She thought she could make out Oliver Wood in another. Hermione turned to Ginny, wiggling to get her attention, but Ginny was already staring across the stage, smiling softly, cheeks wet with slow tears. The buzzing she'd associated with portkey travel ebbed and grew, and Hermione realized she was hearing an audience, just beyond the curtains. Hermione whipped her head around, trying to take in as much as she could. Exits, hiding places, weapons. There were about seventy prisoners according to Yaxley's count yesterday. There were fourteen Death Eaters on this side of the stage, and half of them were planning to bid. They couldn't do that from back here. Seven guards for fifty girls. Possibly similar ratios on the other side. She looked up and found Pansy staring directly at her, twenty feet away. Her eyes abruptly flicked to one of the guards and then back to Hermione. Hermione looked and found a dark-featured twenty-something bloke. He was thin with dark brows that made him look more menacing than his size suggested. As she looked at him, his eyes drifted to her thighs. A chill raced along her skin, and she watched as he blinked away. She looked back at Pansy, not knowing what she wanted. Was she warning her? Before she could think on it, a man swept in through a door, Macnair trailing behind him. Ludo Bagman. His eyes traveled over the chairs, stopping briefly over the faces he knew. He looked down at his shoes and fiddled with the papers in his hands. "The Death Eaters thank you for your services, Mr. Bagman," Macnair hissed, clapping him on the shoulder. "Yes, Macnair. I am... glad to be of service." He shuffled the papers, and Hermione recognized them as the notes the appraiser had taken. She wanted to scream. He could stop this. He could try. He wasn't like the rest of them. But people like the appraiser, Bagman, even the mediwitches and French girls... they were doing their best, Hermione concluded. Too powerless to fight, but against joining. When contracted, they obeyed. Bagman looked down at one of the pages and turned to Macnair. "Is this an error? This number?" Macnair looked and smiled. "No error. Potter's Princess. If you think that's good, take a look at the Golden Girl." Bagman flipped to the next page and she watched his face pale. He met her eyes instantly, like he already knew her place in the room. "We need to take our seats, Mr. Bagman," Macnair announced, earning the attention of the other Death Eaters. He offered his hand and Ludo took it. "The Palace is yours." The Palace Theatre in London. Her parents had taken her here three summers ago. She'd sat in the front row of the first balcony, entranced by the 19th century French story she'd read in Hugo's book years before, gasping as the barricade rose, and sobbing as each life was ended. Hermione looked onstage again. She recognized the set pieces now. It was eight o'clock on a Friday night. There should have been a show. She shivered to think that in one week, the Death Eaters had infiltrated Muggle London. She met Ron's eyes across a stage set for revolution, memorizing the features she could just make out. Perhaps this was the last time she would see him. Yaxley and the others followed Macnair out, slipping their masks on. Dolohov made sure to sweep by her, trailing his fingertips across one shoulder, dipping below her collarbone and across. When she could bring her eyes off the floor she looked up to see the heavy-browed guard looking at her chest. These guards were not Death Eaters. They weren't wearing the robes and masks, and the forearms she could see did not bear the Dark Mark. Aspiring Death Eaters, maybe? She wondered what were the politics of Voldemort's inner circle now that the war was won. Those who did not fight were probably not granted status. She made a mental list of Death Eaters she last knew to be alive. She'd seen most of them in the last week. Hermione frowned. Lucius Malfoy had not come to collect his Lots. Was it possible he hadn't captured any? Or that he'd only taken males? There was little doubt in her mind that he was out in the crowd tonight. Voldemort too, probably. Was Draco? She looked to Pansy, still staring back at her. He probably was. He needed to come claim her. Ludo Bagman cleared his throat, checked his timepiece, and moved to the edge of the curtain. He seemed focused on ignoring the presence of the fifty of them. The hum of the crowd swelled. Hermione turned to Ginny, silenced and tied. She had her knees pressed together tightly, her eyes on the floor. It was like she was experiencing the full range of Hermione's shame, only a few days after. The shame that had killed the fire in her. Ludo Bagman stepped on stage and a light hit him, igniting his smile and jaunty step. The theatre roared, and Hermione jumped with the pressure of it. Hundreds. Ginny flinched next to her. Hermione's eyes found several props and costumes tossed in the corner behind them. A long blonde wig and locket. A blue scullery factory dress. They should have been gathered and hung at the end of the performance. What happened to the actors? "Welcome!" Ludo's amplified voice spun over the crowd. "Welcome. Find your seats, gentlemen." He stepped up to a podium. Hermione felt her heart thunder in time with the applause. One of the girls a few chairs away started to hyperventilate. Or at least that's what it looked like. She dipped her head between her knees, tears tracking down her cheeks, mouth open wide. One of the guards went to check on her, wrenching her up, and Hermione noticed that all of the guards were young, eager boys. One or two might have been at Hogwarts with her, but most looked in their twenties. She glanced at Pansy again. It was like the dark-haired girl had never taken her eyes off of her from the moment she sat down. Pansy's eyes flipped to the brooding guard again, and back. What? What did she want? She didn't recognize him. Didn't know how she could work this. Ludo was beginning some kind of opening remarks. They sounded rehearsed. Some propaganda about the days to come. Hermione looked at the guard. His gaze on her knees again. She felt like she should have been disgusted, but Pansy wanted her to pay attention. To see something else. Two of the young guards moved to the curtains, watching and listening to Ludo. They weren't bidding. Hermione looked to Pansy, mind working. They were not initiated, and they did not have the funds to actually secure a Lot. His eyes on her legs again. And this one was greedy. Pansy locked eyes with her and slouched down in her chair, opening her knees. Hermione blinked when her dress rode up with the movement. Pansy stretched her legs out, crossing them at the ankles, and straightening her spine until her chest stood out, thin slate dress pulling down. Hermione felt like she was being seduced. Pansy lowered her lashes at her, and then looked to the dark guard. Hermione looked up and found his pacing slowing whenever he crossed in front of her, his eyes at the hem of her dress every time. "We have seventy-seven Lots for auction tonight," Ludo announced magnanimously. The crowd erupted. Ginny pulled against the chair, hands stuck to it. Her teeth bared and her shoulders tight. "Gentlemen, we'll bring each Lot onstage, one at a time. I have here their grading, important facts, and blood status. All Lots sold as is. The winning bidders will coordinate with Walden Macnair at the end to arrange payment." Hermione let the words wash over her. She watched Pansy's dress rise higher, watched her gaze drift over to one of the guards - a pale boy who Hermione recognized from Hogwarts. His eyes had landed on Pansy's thighs. Pansy smiled at him. Another weak link. Hermione took a deep breath, and looked up at her guard. He met her eyes. She watched his face as she slouched in her chair, opened her knees, and let Pansy Parkinson teach her how to survive. His eyes skimmed down her body as her dress slid up. "Let's start off the evening right," Ludo crowed. "With a Weasley." The audience screamed, and Ginny thrashed. "Not that Weasley!" Ludo teased. The crowd cackled. "Not that Weasley, either!" They hissed. "Let's start off with one of those other gingers." He gestured to the other side of the stage, and George was dragged out, hands stuck together behind his back. He had a black eye and a limp. It seemed that the Healers were only called for the girls. Or maybe the damage was done today. Ludo Bagman laughed and beckoned George to his side, but Hermione could see he was grey. He knew the Weasley twins. Even if they had their disagreements, he knew them. The guard who favored Hermione inched closer to her. The two who stood watching the first bidding were joined by two more. Only three guards on them and one was focused on her, one focused on Pansy. Hermione straightened her spine like Pansy had, watching as his eyes darkened. Ludo read George Weasley's catalog. "Twenty-years-old. Pure-blood. So, if anyone is looking for a blood traitor to play with..." Ludo chuckled and the crowd hissed. Her guard knelt down, pretending to tie his shoe. She checked with Pansy, seeing her pale-faced guard trailing fingers across her collarbone while she licked her lips. He started peeling down her shoulder strap. "Fine muscle mass, as you can see on your parchments. If you need another house elf, this might be your lucky day." Fingers on her ankle, and she was reminded of Dolohov. The guard slid his hand up her calf, pushing her knees further apart. She bit her lip like Pansy, and heard Ginny struggling next to her, realizing what was happening to her. "Let's start the bidding at 2,000 Galleons." She leaned her face down towards him, and he had his eyes on her lips when she reeled her head back and slammed her forehead into his. He yelled and her head spun. She heard a crash from Pansy's direction, and a splintering from her right where Ginny sat. She tried to open her eyes but her skull ached. A splintering from somewhere else, a scrambling. Grunting and yelling. The distracted guards cursing and running away from the curtains. She opened her eyes and made out several bodies, thrashing on the ground. Ginny had thrown herself, breaking her chair. The pieces of wood her hands stuck to were firm in her fists, beating against the dark-featured guard. She blinked slowly and looked over to find Pansy raising a splintered chair back, and impaling her guard in the stomach with a silent scream. Penelope Clearwater had most of her chair still put together, and swung it at the head of a running guard, knocking him back and climbing on top of him, slamming the wood against him. "Some kind of... commotion. Nothing to worry about—" All fifty girls had just figured out how to get out of their chairs. And there were only seven guards. The sound of breaking wood and splintering chair legs was everywhere. "Stay in your seats, gentlemen!" Curses started flying. Hermione stood hunching, the back of her chair stuck to her palms. She twisted and threw herself onto the floor, feeling the chair break under her. A pop as her shoulder dislocated, and she yelped with no sound. She sat up, looking for an exit, but blood dripped into her eyes from where she'd head-butted the guard. Running footsteps, thundering from the stage, and the Death Eaters were there, casting stunning spells and kicking girls aside to beat through the crowd. She recognized Dolohov's boots. She wobbled to her knees and crawled back, hugging the walls. She found a few scared girls there, but she pushed through, moving around the scrambling bodies. She heard Macnair screaming orders, and Yaxley organizing the stunned bodies, yelling for them to get to her. A pair of arms from behind her, wrapping around her waist, tugging her back. She kicked, and he dropped her, her elbow slamming into the ground. Arms around her again, and she wasn't sure if they were the same. She was pulled up, held against a man's chest with his arms wrapped around her shoulders and wound against her hips. She screamed silently, kicking the air. He moved with her, dragging her away. Was he stealing her or bringing her back? The air smelled of blood and pine. And she wondered where the revolutionaries were. She was concussed, she could tell. She heard Yaxley's voice close by, and the man turned with her. Yaxley was blurry with the blood in her eyes, but he held his wand out in front of him. "Good work, Malfoy." She had just enough time to wonder if it was Draco or Lucius before Yaxley stunned her. Her head burst apart, and she gasped noiselessly against the pain. Thunder rolling through her, rattling her head. She blinked her eyes open, and found herself backstage of the Palace Theatre again, the stage lights burning into her irises. The sound of a gavel, and she knew where she was. Raucous yelling. Cheering and jeering. She blinked against the lights, feeling the pounding in her forehead, and focused on the figure in white onstage standing next to Ludo Bagman. Red hair and freckled skin. Ginny stuck her nose in the air, ignoring the taunting. There were two guards on either side of Hermione, holding her up until she stood on her own. She'd been Rennervated by one of them. She turned to look at the girls, but all she found was broken chair legs and drying blood. And a blonde wig and locket. A blue dress. Twisting to look around pulled at her shoulder, recently reset. She found a backstage mirror, cracked down the middle, and saw that they had banished the blood from her face. She couldn't tell if the concussion had been healed. She was nauseous and spinning, but it might have been the symptom of a handful of other things. Neither of the guards holding her was the one she'd seduced. She faintly remembered Ginny pressing a chair leg into his windpipe. Had Ginny... She turned back to look at the dried blood on the black floors. Ginny stood onstage in her white dress, splattered with red. She turned her spotlit face to look at Hermione, and dried blood trailed down from her temple. Her hair wild. Her eyes dead. They'd left her bloody. Like a gladiator. Forced to entertain. Had she killed that guard? Hermione watched as Ginny turned back to the howling crowd, setting her face against the harsh lights. "Mulciber, we all know you don't have that kind of gold!" Bagman's voice cut through the pounding in her ears. The Death Eaters laughed. "Only serious bets here, gentlemen!" Ginny was being auctioned. Then her. She'd missed it. She'd missed the entire Auction. She wouldn't know where everyone ended up. Where Luna was sent, or Ron and Neville. She'd have to gather the information as best she could, and hope for a rebellion. She turned back to the stage as the gavel banged. "Sold!" The audience erupted. "Ginevra Weasley, love of the late Harry Potter, sold to Aron Avery for 28,550 Galleons!" Her stomach heaved, and the guard at her right propped her up. Such a lot of money. An insane amount. She wondered if she'd really fetch her appraised price—33,000 Galleons. The noise from the crowd deafened her momentarily, and then she knew her concussion wasn't healed. She watched with a spinning head as several guards marched onstage – none of them her guard – and secured Ginny's wrists. Ginny kept her head up, eyes high on the balcony as Macnair and Avery came forward. Avery's smug thin lips smirked at the crowd. Macnair produced a scroll from his robes, and the yelling intensified as Avery took the offered quill. Ginny jerked her arm, wincing as Avery signed his name on the scroll. The brand on their forearms must change to reflect ownership. Avery turned to the crowd, grinning wide with crooked teeth. He slapped Ginny's backside, and Hermione watched her teeth clench. Her head pounded as Macnair escorted Avery back offstage to settle his debts. As the guards turned Ginny and forced her offstage, Hermione wondered if there was something she'd missed. If there was something she could have done differently. Maybe they shouldn't have ceased fighting in the courtyard once Hagrid appeared with Harry's body. Shouldn't have given Voldemort an audience. Shouldn't have put all their faith in Harry. Maybe she shouldn't have followed Narcissa Malfoy around the castle. She should have stayed and taken cues from McGonagall. Maybe they would have been able to attack again. They escorted Ginny toward her, and as her bottom lip trembled beneath somebody's dried blood, Hermione decided her only true mistake had been not killing Dolohov in the Ministry corridors. She should have killed Dolohov, and then Yaxley, and then taken whoever was still alive and escaped. She should have let Luna die. It was probably for the best. She looked over Ginny's face for the last time, and watched her lips mouth, I will find you. Hermione whispered back, Not alone. Ginny disappeared through the backstage door. "And now... our grand finale." It sounded like Ludo Bagman was announcing the Seeker entering the stadium. Perhaps he had? It could be if she just closed her eyes. The theatre thundered. She blinked, trying to focus. She needed to be present. Maybe once this day was over, she would fall asleep with her concussion and never wake up. They pushed her forward, escorting her onstage. Bagman was yelling something over the crowd, but she just squinted against the lights. Someone was operating the theatre spotlight, and Hermione almost laughed at that image. She looked down at her feet as they placed her on a red "X" next to Bagman. Her gold dress shimmered. She looked up, remembering Ginny's lifted chin. The theatre was full. Balcony after balcony. Must have been over a thousand people, and Hermione despaired at the thought that Voldemort had this many followers already. How many of these people had been lying in wait, biding their time until the end of the war? And now here they were. The noise continued for ages. Her eyes landed on the masked Death Eaters on the ground level, filling up the majority of the front rows. Some of them on their feet, screaming and taunting and punching their fists in the air. Some of them seated, whispering to each other and pointing to the stage. She scanned the crowd, looking for Bellatrix, for Greyback, for the Dark Lord himself. She recognized Yaxley in the front, Dolohov by his side. Mulciber and Nott Sr. She couldn't find the blond locks of Lucius Malfoy, or the raven curls of Bellatrix. "Alright! Alright!" Bagman laughed, sounding like his old self again. "I know we're excited. Some of us have special toys to go home to..." Hermione slid her eyes to Ludo as the men cackled. He'd been seduced by it all. Infected. He met her eyes and quickly looked away. "Our final Lot of the evening," he announced theatrically. He read off her appraisal notes. "Hermione Granger." Hissing. "Mudblood." Booing. "'Golden Girl.'" Jeering. "Friend to Harry Potter, Gryffindor, and enemy of the Dark Lord." They were on their feet again, screaming. She heard the words Mudblood and Bitch and Kill the slut. String her up! —deserves this, the dirty— Show us her quim! Have a bit of fun with her, you will! Make an example out of her. Bend over, sweetheart! Let's take a look at ya! Mudblood whore. I'd love to break her in. She let it wash over her, like a cool bath. Only one masked Death Eater sat perfectly still throughout. Four rows back on the left aisle. "Gentlemen, gentlemen," Bagman crooned. He raised his hands to call for peace. "I've not yet begun the bidding." Laughter. A howl from the top balcony. Hermione looked up and found the shadows in the top tier pacing, prowling out of their chairs. The werewolves were invited. Separate and not-so-equal. "Don't you want to know more about Miss Granger's medical exam?" Bagman sang. And the theatre exploded again. She could hear them like a whisper. Talking about her virginity. Hypothesizing about if she'd used her mouth before. The lights were hot. She focused on the lone Death Eater, still not socializing. Maybe he'd already bid on his Lot, and now was just enjoying a night at the theatre. Ludo read out her measurements. They cackled when he suggested that she'd do fine in the kitchen, and whooped when he mentioned her muscle mass would be handy in the gardens. They crowed at the thought of her dusting their manors. Ludo danced around the truth of the matter, teasing them, until finally: "And gentlemen..." His voice dropped low. "In case you were curious... It will be an extra five thousand for this one." Thunder. The acoustics shivering with the applause and screaming. The lonely Death Eater did nothing but cross his leg. "So, gentlemen... we start the bidding at fifteen thousand Galleons." Fifty wands shot into the air, orange sparks calling Ludo's attention. She swallowed and looked down to find Dolohov raising a lazy hand. Wands were only raised on the ground floor, she realized. Perhaps they'd sold spectator tickets for the balconies. "Let's weed you out a bit, shall we?" Ludo quipped. "Sixteen thousand." Only about five wands dropped. "Sixteen-five. Jumping up to sixteen-five, gentleman," Ludo began. She watched as wand hands slowly descended, Dolohov and Mulciber keeping up with each other, laughing at their little game. Her knees felt shaky, and she wondered if she would be seeing food again anytime soon. Perhaps never. "Eighteen thousand Galleons. Do I hear—Yes, sir, eighteen thousand. What about eighteen-five?" He pointed to Dolohov. "Eighteen-five to Dolohov. Several others still in. Nineteen?" She let her eyes glaze over, watching the unmoving Death Eater. He sat still, wand in his lap, head supported in his hand. He looked young. Thin shoulders. Tall. "Nineteen-five? Yes, nineteen-five to Mulciber. Do we have—?" "Twenty-five thousand." A tense voice. Hermione blinked as every person in the first three rows turned to look at her solitary masked man. He'd raised his wand, orange sparks. Had she summoned his voice by staring at him? Whispers and shuffling. She knew that Ginny had just sold for a bit more than that. "Er, yes. Twenty-five thousand to..." "Twenty-six," Dolohov snarled, sending a glare back at the younger man. "Twenty-six-five," from the fourth row. "Twenty-seven." "Twenty-seven-five." "Twenty-eight!" Dolohov yelled, irritated with the boy in the fourth row. The boy whose voice drawled out "Twenty-eight-five," like money was no object to him. The boy whose eyes she knew to be cold behind the mask. Whose long fingers twirled his sparking wand. And Hermione noticed it was hawthorn again. She wondered if he'd stolen it back from Harry's dead body. Dolohov hesitated, looking up to Ludo. "Twenty-nine." "Twenty-nine-five." And the thought floated through her consciousness that there was an auction, and she would belong to someone in a few short minutes. And Draco Malfoy was bidding. The theatre was buzzing. Most of the crowd had figured out that the Malfoy boy was throwing his money against Antonin Dolohov. "Thirty," Dolohov stated firmly, like he'd ended a game of cards. "Thirty thousand, five hundred," Draco hummed. A crashing wave of whispers. Hermione looked down at her feet, finding specks of blood on her Mary Janes that they'd forgotten to clean. Ginny was left bloody and wild, Hermione cleaned and groomed. Like the prized mare. "Do I hear thirty-one thousand?" Ludo asked, speaking up again. Dolohov's wand shot in the air. Draco's followed. Dolohov had been so arrogant, so firm in his beliefs that he could afford her. But he didn't have the gold to back this up. So why was he— Her blood ran cold. Ginny. Ginny's twenty-eight thousand Galleons now belonged to Dolohov. And Luna's. And the other girls' he'd caught. Assuming he had four virgins, he now had a lot of money to bet. Yaxley and Dolohov had been in charge of the Lots. Their main guards. Why had they left them backstage in the hands of randy young boys who hadn't even taken the mark yet? "Thirty-two thousand," one of them yelled, but Hermione was concentrating on her head pounding, her shoulder aching. Did they want a riot? Seven guards against fifty girls? It certainly seemed lazy. A howling in the balcony. "Thirty-three thousand," Draco stated. Lust and bloodlust. It probably increased their bets. "Thirty-three-five," Dolohov hissed. "Thirty-four." Draco's voice, lazy and familiar, lulled her. What did he want from her? Revenge? Status? "Thirty-four-five." The devil you know. She stared at Draco's mask, drilling her eyes into him, begging him to win. "Thirty-five thousand," he said, crossing his legs again. "Getting a bit steep for you, whelp?" Dolohov stood and faced the fourth row, removing his mask. "Hesitating?" "Steep for me?" Draco laughed. "I'm surprised you can count this high." Dolohov turned to the stage again. "Forty-five thousand Galleons." Hermione swallowed as she listened to the hissing. She looked to Draco, still and silent. "How much of that inheritance did daddy give you to play with, boy?" Dolohov smirked back at him. Ludo cleared his throat and said, "I hear forty-five thousand. Do I hear forty-six?" Draco's wand lifted. Orange sparks. "I can go all night, Malfoy," Dolohov said, throwing his arms out wide. "I've been saving up for this for a while now, and I just made fifty-two thousand off my Lots for this evening." "Fifty-three thousand," Draco spat. Dolohov laughed and turned back to Ludo. "Fifty-five." "Sixty." Draco's voice cracked. "Sixty-one." Dolohov grinned, yellow crooked teeth shining at her. She wasn't sure if it was the concussion, or the stage lights, or the future bearing down on her, but she felt her lungs begging for air. She'd known that this would happen. That she'd be leaving with Dolohov. She'd been mentally preparing for a week. Even so, her hope hadn't died. She'd felt a spark of possibility when Draco Malfoy started bidding. She didn't know if she would truly be better off with him. But now, as he hesitated before yelling, "sixty-two," she wished he'd never jumped in at all. Now she would always wonder. "Sixty-five thousand," said Dolohov, chuckled. Ludo was white next to her as he waited. "I hear sixty-five thousand," he said at last. The crowd started twisting, buzzing with whispers. "Do I hear sixty-six?" She didn't dare look to him. Couldn't bear the idea that if she looked, she might see indecision in the way he held his shoulders. Maybe she could pinpoint his thoughts like in Arithmancy, when he'd roll his shoulders back and reset his posture before diving back into a problem. "Sixty-five thousand going once." Or the way he'd stare at the chalkboard in Potions, tilting his head to the side until suddenly grabbing for his quill, jotting his thoughts onto the parchment as if they'd disappear if he wasn't quick. "Sixty-five thousand going twice." Or in sixth year, when he'd been removed and sullen, strained to figure out a solution, and his eyes had been distant, cold and grey. Lifeless. His posture hunched and small. A gavel banged. The world cracked open, and a violent sound poured into her ears like lava. Her eyes on the "x" beneath her feet as Dolohov jogged up onstage and met Macnair in the middle. The scroll. A burning on her left arm. And then a fist in her hair, dragging her head back. Dolohov was there, grinning down at her. He licked her face and the balconies went wild. She shoved at him. And they loved that. He laughed, grabbing her head to push her down to the floor. When she looked up from her knees, Dolohov was waving at the audience, basking in his victory, and unbuckling his belt. She crawled back, shaking her head, rattling her bruised brain. Yaxley was smiling in the front row, screaming, "Not until I get my money!" She couldn't make out sounds anymore. Too much in her ears. As Macnair wrenched her up, throwing her to the backstage guards, she chanced one last look to see the crowd on its feet, one seat in the fourth row empty. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays. Find me on Twitter, Tumblr, and Pinterest under LovesBitca8.
A/N: I am so overwhelmed by you all! Thank you! There is now a Facebook group for Auction followers and the Rights and Wrongs series called Tea & Honey. Please check Facebookdotcom /groups /TeaAndHoney/ (delete the spaces, use actual . and com - why is this ffnet awful lol) The guards dragged her through the hallways of the Palace Theatre, taking stairs and turning corners that she couldn't possibly memorize even if she was trying. They turned a corner and found a guard in front of a door. They passed him, and just before turning another corner and taking stairs down, she heard a loud crack and whipped her head around to see a small elf standing in the middle of the hall. "Cuppy is here for three Lots," he squeaked. They dragged her around the corner before she could hear any more. The further down they went, the more often she heard a crack followed by a small voice. Using elves to transport the Lots. She supposed they weren't "Lots" anymore. Slaves? Concubines? They pushed her into an empty broom closet. She watched as they murmured the room number to each other, one of them writing it down and tapping his wand on the parchment. They shut the door and left her in darkness. She tried the door handle, unsurprised when it didn't budge. She sat in the middle of the floor, hugging her knees to her chest, and waited. "Are there any boys at school you like?" Hermione snapped her eyes to her mother, staring at her over the bowl of cookie dough. "Mum!" Her mother laughed. "Just asking! What about Harry?" "Oh, mother, no." Hermione rolled her eyes and grabbed a handful of dough from the bowl. "Harry's… no." "Or Ron? You spend more time with his family than your own, you know." She bumped Hermione's hip as she placed the ball of dough on the baking sheet. Hermione frowned. "Ron is infuriating. He's lazy and sleeps too much and he's always late." She huffed and pushed her hair away from her face. "He was so rude to me this past Christmas. I almost didn't forgive him. He's such a child." Her mother chuckled and opened the oven door. "He'll grow up. I'm sure you'll turn around one day and find he's quite changed." She placed the baking sheet on the rack. "And no one else? Didn't you leave things a bit unfinished with that Vincent?" "Viktor," Hermione corrected. "Viktor Krum. Yes, we still write but…" Hermione washed her hands. "I guess he wasn't quite my type. He's very handsome. But… I think I like…" She stopped herself, frowning down at the suds. "Yes?" "Lighter hair," she settled on. Her mother pushed Hermione's curls over her ear. "And is there anyone who does have light hair?" She could hear the smile in her voice. "There is." Hermione reached for the dish towel and wrenched the material over her hands. "But he's cruel, and poncy, and arrogant." She tossed the towel down. "And I'm a fool." Her mother kissed her temple. "That handsome, huh?" Hermione groaned. "His hair is so beautiful, Mum." Her mother laughed. She had no way to count time, but she suspected she'd been locked in the closet for two hours. Strange, because others had been collected as soon as the Auction had ended. The door wrenched open, blinding her with the light from the hallway. She threw her arm up, shielding her eyes and her body. "Up." She crawled to her feet, staring at the outline of Yaxley in the doorway. He stepped aside for her to exit. No house elf in the hallway. Yaxley scowled at her and led her down the hall, the way she came. She wasn't sure what he had to scowl about. He was 65,000 Galleons richer. Not including whatever price Pansy fetched. The image of Pansy piercing the belly of that guard floated up. His strangled yell as she bared her teeth at him. She hadn't seen that guard later either. They climbed the stairs she'd just descended, and her pounding head and burning shoulder made her wish an elf had appeared to relocate her. It hurt to breathe. She heard a crack from down a hallway. The elves were still appearing. There were still Lots behind these doors. Yaxley stopped in front of a door and turned to her. "If I ever see you again, it will be too soon, Mudblood." She raised a brow at him and gave him a look that said, The feeling is mutual. He pushed the door open and shoved her inside. She expected to find Dolohov. Maybe a cot or a chair where he'd force her down and push up her dress. She didn't expect to find Pansy Parkinson. She hadn't expected to find her ever again. Pansy seemed to feel the same as she sat up tall from the counter she'd been leaning on, eyes wide and hungry. They were in a dressing room with mirrors on the walls and large bulbs flickering. Yaxley shut the door, locking them in. A sharp burning on her left arm. Hermione's mouth opened in a silent hiss of pain. She looked down to where Antonin Dolohov had been inked into her skin. The letters sizzled. She squeezed her fist and watched as the ink lifted, rearranging until a different signature formed on her skin. D.M. She blinked down at the letters, her vision swimming. It couldn't be... Pansy was at her side, grabbing her arm. "Ha!" The sound jarred her. Pansy had been silenced the last time she'd seen her. Hermione was on day four. Pansy turned away, running her nails through her hair. The mirrors allowed Hermione to see that she'd pressed her eyes closed, squeezing her lips together. "Wow." She spun around to face her. "How much?" Hermione shook her head, deciding that Pansy didn't need to know. "Thirty-three thousand?" Pansy guessed, stalking toward her slowly. "Thirty-five thousand?" she said when Hermione didn't answer. "Come on, now. I'm curious. Forty?" Hermione turned away but was unable to find a wall in which Pansy's face did not reflect back at her. Her own face was almost unrecognizable. Deep circles under her eyes and dry skin. Her jawline stuck out unpleasantly. "Tell me, Granger," Pansy hissed over her shoulder. Hermione met her eyes and something stormed inside of them, like the moment before thunder cracks. She watched Pansy's blue eyes flood, and she took a slow breath before asking, "More than forty thousand?" Hermione looked away, shivering. She caught sight of the ink on Pansy's arm. A matching D.M. A crack outside their door. The two of them jumped, and Hermione's fingers twitched for a wand that wasn't there. A squeaky girl elf said, "Mippy is here for Misses Pansy and Hermione." The door swung open. Yaxley stood guard while a tiny elf in a pink pillowcase looked up at them with bright green eyes. "Misses! I take you now!" She smiled and held out her two hands. Like they were going on a pleasant adventure together. Pansy sniffed, blinking her eyes dry, and saluted Yaxley. "Later, Yax." She took Mippy's hand. Hermione blinked down at Mippy's outstretched hand, and glanced at Yaxley. It wasn't a trick. She was leaving it all behind. Her concussion was going to be a mess to handle after Apparition, but hopefully the elf magic would make it better. She took Mippy's hand, and the vision of Yaxley in the doorway vanished with a squeeze. A heavy May wind assaulted them upon landing. Hermione's hair whipped into her eyes and when she pushed it back, the tall gates of Malfoy Manor pressed down upon her. A chill danced along her flesh, and she felt the pierce of thousands of eyes on her. Mippy waved the gates open and gestured to come in. The dark hedges beckoned her, ready to swallow her whole. She turned to Pansy – staring at the Manor like she couldn't believe her eyes – then to the hills in the distance. How far would she get if she ran? "Miss?" Mippy called over the wind. Hermione stepped through the gates and her arm tingled. She looked down, and saw the tattoo sparkle before returning to normal. She assumed there was a barrier at the gates. She was locked in now. The gates began to close. Hermione spun to see Pansy, arms wrapped around herself, watching the iron block her out. Hermione turned to Mippy, pointing to Pansy outside of the gates. "Miss Pansy stays," Mippy said helpfully. "We go now, Miss." Mippy tottered up the drive, expecting Hermione to follow. Hermione stood frozen, watching the distance between her and the tiny house elf grow. They wouldn't let Pansy in? Was she outcast? Banished? Hermione sprinted for the gates, meeting Pansy as she did the same. They pulled and tugged at the iron just as it finished closing. After, Pansy stared at her, then at the sky, as if waiting for lightning. A whipping pop followed by another. Both girls turned to see two figures in cloaks ten feet away. Pansy scrambled back, grabbing for the iron. "No!" one of the figures yelled. Blaise Zabini pulled off his hood; Daphne Greengrass appeared next to him. "Don't cross the threshold," he instructed. Pansy sobbed, throwing herself into their waiting embrace. Hermione blinked, watching as Pansy was reunited with her friends. She wondered where Ron had ended up. "We have to be quick," Daphne said. Hermione could barely hear them over the wind. None of them spared her a second glance. Blaise grabbed Pansy's arm, the one with the tattoo, stretching it out away from her body. Daphne uncorked a bottle and laced her fingers through Pansy's, pulling her hand tight. Blaise pulled from his pocket a scrap of leather, and pushed it into Pansy's mouth. She fought, confused, until Blaise had it between her teeth. "This is going to hurt," he said to her. Pansy's eyes grew wide. Daphne started pouring the contents of the bottle over Pansy's arm. Acid. Bubbling and boiling and sizzling at her skin. Pansy's screams stretched out over the wind, echoing down to the hills in the distance. Hermione hung on the bars, watching with wide eyes as Blaise pulled his wand and hissed a dark spell. Black ink bled out of her arm and onto the grass. It thinned, turning to red. Turning to blood. And he stopped. Pansy whimpered, tears running down her face. Daphne pressed a cloth to the blistered skin of her arm and pulled off her own cloak, tossing it over Pansy's shoulders. She linked their arms and readied them for Disapparating. Hermione banged on the bars, rattling them. Blaise turned around, seeing her like a ghost. She extended her tattooed arm as far as it would go, asking Blaise with her eyes. He looked at her, then at the Manor. "This is the safest place for you, Granger." Her lips parted, forming a plea she couldn't hear. Blaise gave her one last look and then took Daphne's other arm. And they were gone. All she heard was the wind. Hermione turned, leaning back on the iron bars. A long stone path, cutting through hedges and leading to a grand manor, devastatingly beautiful in the moonlight despite its sordid history. A small elf stood framed in the doorway. Was this her home? Her prison? She looked at her arm again. D.M. Not L.M. Draco himself had purchased her. What did he want with her? What had he given up to obtain her? She couldn't imagine that Dolohov would have parted with her for anything less than an astronomical sum. The Malfoys were rich; that much had been clear even without the evidence of it staring down at her. But why spend so much on her? She couldn't stand here all night. She assumed she would either be forced inside by elf magic, or worse. By one of the residents of Malfoy Manor. She stepped forward, and began her long walk. Scabior had been eager the last time she'd made this walk. He'd dragged her behind him like a disobedient dog. She hadn't been able to think, hadn't been able to breathe. She followed her feet, the doors growing larger in front of her. The tiny elf in the pink pillowcase blinked down at her as she climbed the stone steps, then turned and moved into the house. Hermione paused at the top and looked back at the gates. Was she going to be punished for Pansy's disappearance? No, she assured herself. It had been by design. The elf said Pansy had to stay, and Hermione was to come inside. But perhaps she would be punished in other ways. Without Pansy's charms, and legs, and sultry eyes to distract, Hermione was vulnerable. The only choice. She yanked the flimsy gold dress higher up her neckline. She wondered what it meant that Pansy's tattoo had been removed. Was she free? "Miss Hermione?" She looked back down at the elf — Mippy, and stepped inside. Several large fireplaces to her left. She remembered wondering how quickly she could find the Floo powder two months ago as Harry yelped under Greyback's grip. And just across the entrance hall, there was a closed door that she knew led to a drawing room. "Miss?" Hermione turned to see Mippy on the first stair of a massive marble staircase. Grand paintings of the Renaissance stretched to the ceiling, dappling the grey walls with golds and reds and blues. She'd woken up in her first cell, been dragged by the hair to her second, and strong-armed into her third. And now she was being asked to climb the stairs and walk to her final one. Mippy's bright eyes blinked at her. Hermione followed the elf up the stairs. They climbed to the third floor, and Hermione's head started to pound again, breathing more difficult after the week in captivity. Her skin twitched as they passed statues and suits of armor, feeling like eyes were on her. The paintings glared and raised their brows. She swallowed and kept her eyes on the elf until she passed through a stream of moonlight. Hermione stopped, finding a large window to her right. A pond near the hedges. And white peacocks sleeping on the bank. She'd read about Malfoy Manor before in a book on the Sacred Twenty-Eight. The white peacocks were a favorite of Draco's grandfather, their care passed down the line. The view would be lovely in the daylight. Spring flowers on the bank of the pond, a gazebo to the right. "Miss?" She shook her head clear and continued behind Mippy. The hall was darker now. And she realized if they were on the third floor, she wasn't being taken to her cell yet. She was being delivered straight to the bedroom. Her pace slowed, and the elf stopped and came back to her. "Miss is okay?" Hermione looked down at the sweet little thing. She wondered if Lucius hurt this one too. She probably knew Dobby at one point. And she wondered if Mippy had any idea what was about to happen to "Miss." Hermione grabbed the side of a credenza, steadying herself. She swallowed the bile as it crawled its way up her throat. Would it be Draco or Lucius? And which was better? Draco wouldn't be as cruel as his father for certain. He didn't have it in him. But to be treated as his property, as his slave, when she had a history of feelings for him... She dug her fingernails into her palm, banishing the thought. Why had he bought her in the first place if not to own her as his slave. His whore. The concussion wasn't healing. She felt small waxy hands on her wrist, and startled at the soft contact. "Is Miss well?" She laughed silently, pressing her eyes closed. No, Mippy. Miss is not well. Her eyes drifted open, landing on a portrait of a Malfoy ancestor, possibly two hundred years ago. Lucius Malfoy's eyes stared down at her, the corner of his lips lifting in a snarl. And suddenly she remembered how important Lucius's approval was to Draco. How much he idolized his father. Perhaps she was a gift. She heaved, vomit splashing down on the stone. The sound loud in the hallway. The first sound she'd made in days. Mippy had a towel at her mouth, a damp cloth at her forehead. And vanished the sick from the Manor floor. The elf conjured a water glass and begged Hermione to sip. She did, and then left it on the credenza. She heard the portraits hissing, bickering amongst each other about the proper place for her, about her blood. She concentrated on their voices as Mippy trotted down the hall, beckoning her to follow. A Mudblood, sullying our sheets. Such a foul ending— —said it before, and I'll say it again: that Black girl was the downfall of our entire line. Lucius was always weak. His son would be, too. —should be on the ground floor with the elves. Or outside with the garden gnomes. She completed the journey, and stood in front of a carved wooden door. Mippy was saying something about quickly getting her into bed. Hermione laughed. Yes, please. As quick as possible. Let's get this over with. Mippy pushed open the door. And Hermione was met with a lush suite. Cream walls lined with gold. Deep carpets. A sitting area across from the door with a lit fireplace. Two deep wingback chairs in front of the fire. To the right, an arched opening in the wall led to the largest bed she'd ever seen. Cream canopy curtains with flecks of gold hung down from the posts, and more pillows than she could count littered the headboard. She stepped into the suite, and found bookshelves lining the wall to her right. She didn't let her eyes linger on the texts. They weren't for her. None of it was for her. She wondered whose room this was? Perhaps it was just a spare bedroom so she wouldn't defile the sheets in the master suite. Mippy was speaking to her, but she couldn't hear. The sound of wind rushing between her ears. The elf closed the door. And then Hermione was alone. The bed looked decadent. And she was so tired. But she refused to sleep in it, to get comfortable in the bed she'd be attacked in. She moved into the bedroom, running her fingers over the curtains and bedposts. Turning to the bookshelves, she found fiction and non-fiction. Muggle and Wizard. Classics and Modern. Testing a theory, she reached out, placing one finger on the spine of Huckleberry Finn. Nothing. So she was allowed to touch the books. She ran her fingers over every spine, waiting for something to happen. Nothing. Her shoulder ached. She held her arm in front of her chest, supporting the weight, and continued through the bedroom suite. On the far side of the bed there was a door. To the bathroom probably. She inched her way toward it, keeping her eyes on the bedroom door. She pushed open the wood door and gasped, pain squeezing through her shoulder. Marble and brass everywhere. A clawfoot bathtub in the middle of the room. Lush towels and delicate lighting. She turned and jumped at the sight of her own reflection. She eyed herself critically, pale and thin, still in the gold shift dress Yaxley had put her in. Her diet of fruit and bread had not been kind to her. She turned away, leaving the luscious bathroom. The bed called to her again, but she still resisted. Moving back to sitting room, she examined the far wall of windows, light curtains draped over every frame. She pulled one back and found that she had the same view as the window they'd passed. The gazebo and the pond. The bookshelf puzzled her. She traced the spines until she plucked a book from the shelves, checking the antique clock on the middle shelf. Nearing midnight. She took A Tale of Two Cities to the chairs near the fireplace, choosing the one facing the door, and she sat, flipping pages, eyes scanning between the words and the door handle. Madame Defarge was knitting by the time a knock rapped on her door. Hermione froze. She watched the door handle, waiting for it to turn. Another knock. This time louder. She shut her book and stood, moving behind her chair, squeezing the wingback. The door open swiftly, and Narcissa Malfoy stepped through. Her eyes landed on Hermione, and she stopped. Hermione's heart beat in her fingertips. She was wandless. And in this woman's home. Her throat choked on the dry air leaving her lungs, and she took a slow breath, ready for whatever this woman wanted to do to her. Narcissa Malfoy's lips turned up in a gentle smile. "Hello, Miss Granger." Hermione waited. And Narcissa stared at her, eyes taking in her short dress, her thin skin. "Please excuse me for barging in." Narcissa gestured to the door. "You did not answer when I knocked and I was concerned that..." She trailed off. "Well, Mippy told me you were ill on your way in." Hermione took measured breaths, waiting. Narcissa tilted her head, seeing the book in the chair. "Dickens is one of my favorites too." Hermione blinked at her, her stomach twisting in knots. Perhaps she'd be punished for touching the books. "I apologize I wasn't here to greet you. I had no idea you were on your way until a few hours ago. And I had some business to take care of." Narcissa folded her hands in front of her, examining her. And then her eyes were on the room, taking in the bookshelves like she'd never seen them before. She looked back to Hermione. "Are you alright, Miss Granger? Are you harmed?" Hermione took a sharp breath, feeling the air sting her lungs. Her eyes watered with tears she promised herself she wouldn't cry in front of this woman just because she was being kind. She still might take it all back. Narcissa Malfoy waited. Patient and calm. Hermione swallowed and brought her hand to her throat, tapping a finger against her larynx. She shook her head and turned her eyes down on the carpet. A moment passed, and then—"Finite Incantatem." Hermione startled and looked up. Narcissa was replacing her wand into her robes, pressing her lips tight in a way that was so familiar. In a way that Draco did whenever he found fault. Narcissa took a deep breath and said, "Let's start again? Hello, Miss Granger. I am Mrs. Malfoy. You may call me Narcissa." Hermione swallowed painfully, lubricating her unused throat. "Hello," she croaked. Narcissa stepped forward, coming to the other wingback chair. "Are you injured, Miss Granger?" "I have..." Her voice pulled thin, like strings about to snap. "I have a dislocated shoulder that they reset. And I have a concussion." Narcissa stared at her for a moment, and then: "Mippy!" Hermione jumped. The girl elf popped through. "Missus!" "Miss Granger has an injured shoulder and a concussion. Please tend to it." "Oh!" Mippy turned to face her. "Hermione Miss! Tell Mippy you is sick! Tell Mippy and she will fix it!" Hermione nodded, not bothering telling the elf about her voice. "And Mippy, have Plumb fix some tea, if you please." Mippy popped away, returning three seconds later with potions and a drawstring pouch. She directed Hermione to sit in the chair she was gripping with her nails. Narcissa floated into the second chair. An older elf popped in and delivered tea service while Mippy handed Hermione a potion for the concussion, and started spreading a healing paste on her shoulder. As she scurried to place a Dreamless Sleep potion on the bedside table, Hermione glanced at Narcissa, who was sipping her tea patiently. Watching her. "Would you like some tea, Miss Granger?" Hermione stared darkly at the teapot, imagining all sorts of dark potions inside. Perhaps Narcissa had already ingested the antidote. Hermione shook her head. "No, thank you, Mrs. Malfoy." Her voice scratched along her tongue, begging for something warm to soothe itself. Narcissa seemed to follow her thoughts. Her lips turned down. "I suppose you won't accept any biscuits either?" She sent her a smirk. "Even if I assure you that I have far more interesting methods of dealing with an enemy?" Hermione flushed and looked down at her lap. Her dress was all the way to the tops of her thighs, and she pressed her legs together, pulling at the fabric. Narcissa stood. "Night clothes, yes?" She moved to the wardrobe inside the bedroom area, and muttered to herself, "If I'm not mistaken..." She opened the wardrobe. Hermione watched her face and detected a resigned sadness. Narcissa reached into the closet, then paused and glanced at Hermione. She reached a different direction and pulled out a matching pajama set. Satin, it seemed. She laid the satin trousers and long-sleeved button-up pajamas across the bed. "Get some rest, Miss Granger," Narcissa said. "If you do find yourself hungry, or in need of any more medications, please call for Mippy." The little elf nodded her head vigorously next to the tea service, ears flopping dangerously close to the sugar bowl. She would not sleep in that bed. Not until she knew what was expected of her. With her concussion gone, all thoughts were supposed to be rational now. Mippy cleared the tea as Narcissa moved to the doorway. "Mrs. Malfoy," said Hermione, her heart thundering. "When am I to expect a visitor?" Blunt. To the point. Perhaps Narcissa would appreciate that, despite the fact that Hermione may be asking about her own husband. Narcissa's blue eyes hardened into ice, much closer to her son's hue. She folded her hands delicately in front of her waist. "Let me be quite clear, Miss Granger." Hermione felt a chill dance down her spine, bracing herself for some kind of harsh fact, something about her place in this world now. "You are now under the protection of Narcissa Malfoy. No one will lay a finger on you in this house." And with a stern lift of her brow, Narcissa Malfoy swept from the room, taking her doting house elf with her. Hermione remained frozen for a minute before collapsing in her chair, mind racing. Absorbing. It could be lies, of course. Something to make her trust the Malfoy matriarch. Something to settle her into security before the attack. But there were biscuits on the end table. Pajamas that seemed to be hers. A miniature library at her disposal. And a bed. A bed that she was not meant to share. Hermione stood. Looking around the room again. It was palatial, really. A guest suite meant for someone to be more than comfortable. Meant for someone to find no reason to leave, she realized. Books, a private bath, a sitting area, and an attentive elf. It was the nicest cell she could have hoped for. She peeled the gold dress off, letting it pool on the floor. Slipping into the nightclothes was like cutting through butter, the satin warming to her skin with some kind of charm. She plucked the gold dress off the ground and paced to the fireplace, tossing the fabric inside and watching it burn away. She approached the bed and paused. Fourteen pillows. That's what it looked like. Creams and golds. She peeled back the sheets, expecting to find a horse's head or some Muggle nonsense. Just a fluffy, welcoming mattress. She stretched up on her tiptoes, folding herself into the bed, and still nothing happened. The mattress and pillows accepted her weight, like they had been waiting for her for some time. She looked to the door, almost two room's lengths from the bed. She had a perfect view of it here, against the pillows. She lifted the Dreamless Sleep potion Mippy had left her, uncorked it and sniffed. It smelled like the real thing. Under the protection of Narcissa Malfoy. The same Narcissa Malfoy who had snuck into the castle to find her son as the Dark Lord boasted his victory from the courtyard. The same woman who'd talked of escaping, even as her side's army killed the generals from Hermione's. This is the safest place for you, Granger. Perhaps Zabini was right. Perhaps all wasn't lost. Only time would tell. Hermione drank the potion. She set the vial down on the bedside table and lay on her side, eyes catching on a jewelry box lined in brass. Her eyes began to fall shut as she reached out, opening the lid, finding its blue velvet interior empty. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays.
A/N: An early update for you all! But unfortunately I will be skipping next week's update. Chapter 8 will come on 7/28. Love to Raven_maiden and SaintDionysus for tearing this apart for me. She woke slowly, her body trying to drag her mind back into sleep for a few minutes. She couldn't remember the last time she'd slept in a real bed. The cots in the tent weren't as comfortable as this, and Harry snored so loud she was afraid he'd rupture the Protection Spells— Her eyes snapped open, staring at an unfamiliar wall in an unfamiliar bed. She hadn't moved in the night, and she still lay on her side, facing the empty potion bottle. She bolted upright, searching the room. She was alone. Daylight streaming in through the large windows and cream curtains. She slipped out of bed, peeking around corners to make sure there was no one hiding. Slithering into the bathroom, she used the toilet, splashed water on her face. The large clawfoot tub in the center of the marble floor called her to slip into the suds and drift away. She shook her head, blinking away the elegance of the suite and refocusing. Weapons. Exits. The drawers in the vanity held lush towels and hair potions. She found a tail comb with a sharp end for styling and pocketed it. Still, no one intruding upon her space when she exited the bathroom. She checked the clock on the bookshelf. Barely 7AM. The wardrobe called to her as she remembered Narcissa's expression upon opening it. Some kind of displeased acceptance. Hermione pulled the doors open, finding hangers upon hangers of clothing — an extension charm widening and deepening the space. To the left, a second pair of pajamas like the ones she had on, only in flannel. A few long nightdresses, followed by shorter ones. None too flashy. Then robes upon robes upon robes of varying colors, lengths, and fabrics. At the end, jumpers and other informal wear. She pulled the drawers at the base of the wardrobe and found jeans. Hermione frowned. What kind of guests did the Malfoys usually have in this room? Surely no one who needed denims. She opened the top drawer on the right. Cotton knickers in pale shades. A few bras in the same. A few sports bras. Whoever it was who usually stayed here was prepared for everything. The bottom drawer held shoes for all weather; trainers and boots. She let her fingers drift across the fabric of the robes as she pushed the drawers back in, and she jumped when a thought crossed her mind. Was this Pansy's room? She glanced at the bed with its creams and golds. She looked to the bookcase with its Muggle books. She took in the fabrics in front of her, and cataloged the knickers. None of this screamed Pansy Parkinson. Pansy wore red lipstick to the breakfast table, and never needed to reapply throughout the day. Pansy would never be caught dead in pale colors, especially her knickers. And Pansy once asked Daphne Greengrass in third year if Muggles knew how to read. Hermione knew she wasn't joking. No, this wasn't Pansy's space. She shut the drawers, memorizing the placement of the belts, and moved to the windows, finally pushing aside the soft material and peering out into the grounds. Like she'd guessed, the pond sparkled from this view. The gazebo attracted the early morning fog like bubbles in a glass, and just beyond the gates that encompassed the Manor, she could see the sun dappling the ground. Just to her left, a balcony attached to her sitting room. Hermione blinked. There must be a door. How far was the drop? How much length would the curtains and bedsheets give her? The door handle rattled, and Hermione spun as Lucius Malfoy entered her suite, eyes landing on her at the window. She clutched the curtains in her fingers, one hand sliding slowly to the comb in her pocket. Lucius's eyes were abruptly pulled from her as he looked around the room, gaze landing on the bookshelves, the sitting area. He paused on the bed, sheets twisted from her sleep. His grey eyes snapped to her again. His lips pulled up into an echo of a smirk. "Welcome to Malfoy Manor, Miss Granger." She felt her heartbeat pressing into the gauzy curtains, her fingers curled. He stood between herself and the door. And if there was a way onto this balcony, how quickly could she sprint out and hurtle over the edge. Grass or stones below? He tilted his head, examining her, waiting for a response that didn't come. His eyes flicked over her satin pajamas, over the rumpled bedding. "I see you've made yourself quite at home." He moved into the room, strolling between the wingback chairs, examining the carpets, moving to the drapes. Where Narcissa was cautious and warm, Lucius was decisive and cold, inscrutable. He slithered into the sleeping space, eyes turning over the bed curtains and landing on the wardrobe, still open from her investigations. He pulled the doors open wide and just like his wife, an impossible expression spread across his lips. She'd never seen someone frown a smile. "All the correct size, I presume," he muttered. Hermione guessed that Lucius Malfoy was not the kind of man who muttered things aloud by accident. He shut the wardrobe with a click. And turned to her, standing between her and the bed. The comb teeth clicked between her fingertips. "Sixty-five thousand Galleons," he said, drawing the number out like a question. But she knew it wasn't. "My, my, Miss Granger. What a handsome prize you make." He wanted her to interact with him. She swallowed her terror, and decided to play his game. "Were you in attendance last night, Mr. Malfoy?" He pulled a deep breath through his nostrils, the hint of a sneer on his lips. "I have no interest in slave-trading. I have enough house elves." He clasped his hands behind his back and looked out the window at the view she had been enjoying. She remembered strong arms, grabbing her around the waist and lifting her, taking her somewhere. If Lucius hadn't been there, it had been Draco. Where would he have taken her? And why did he want her in the first place? And how had he obtained her? She looked up from the thoughtful gaze she had been sending the carpets to find Lucius Malfoy still before her, watching her. His eyes swept over her body, and she shivered, glad to be rid of the gold dress and in sexless nightclothes. "How do you like your accommodations, Miss Granger?" His eyes pierced her, his words digging into her skin. She wondered if he wanted her to misbehave. If he wanted her to spit at him and tell him she'd prefer a cell. To act like a Mudblood beast. She looked into his grey eyes, the same grey eyes that had sneered at her for seven years. She may be under Narcissa Malfoy's protection, but she was also under Lucius Malfoy's roof. "It's lovely, Mr. Malfoy," she responded icily. "Thank you for having me for a visit." She lifted a brow at him. He returned the expression, a slow curl to his lips. "Any time, Miss Granger. The weather is lovely in the autumn," he said, voice lilting, teasing. A pause, and then his features hardened. "I do hope you'll still be here then." A chill crossed her skin, but she was careful not to blink. She burned to ask him questions. Why am I here? Why did Dolohov give me up? What am I expected to do? But she knew she wouldn't get the answers she wanted. Just more games. He stepped toward her, now only several paces away, and extended his hand. "Might I have whatever's in your pocket?" She swallowed, and he saw it. He smiled. She withdrew the comb and placed it into his waiting hand. He grinned, and then broke the sharp tail off. He handed her back the benign piece, looked to her hair, and said, "You'll need this." She scowled at him. Such strong resemblance to his son and the easy way his insults would flow. Her fingers curled around the comb, teeth cutting into her palm. "My son paid a heavy price to obtain you, Miss Granger." His eyes traveled down her jaw, down her neck. She shivered. "Do try to show your... gratitude." He whispered the word across the air like a kiss against her skin. He smirked at her, and swept to the door. Her eyes burned into his back, and she thought of Parvati and the Baxter girl. Penelope Clearwater curled in a corner refusing to eat. The slice to her abdomen. The last glimpse of Ginny as she was dragged away. She couldn't stop the words. Like bile creeping up. "My gratitude?" He paused with one hand on the door. "Of course, Miss Granger." A raised brow. "You have been saved." He exited, shutting the door behind him. Relying on Narcissa Malfoy's supposed protection wasn't going to get her anywhere. It wasn't protection she needed—it was a way out. After she was sure Lucius wouldn't be returning, she pulled Hogwarts, A History off the shelves,and sat in the chair facing the door, reading absently while keeping an eye on the entrance. At 8AM on the dot, a knock sounded from the door. Before Hermione could release her tense shoulders or contemplate what horrors could await her, a treble voice said, "Remmy is here for breakfast!" Hermione blinked. She stood, placing the book delicately on the chair. "Come in?" It sounded more like a question than she liked. The door pushed open, and an older female elf tottered in, a tray hovering behind her. The elf — Remmy — frowned. "Mistress says Remmy must knock." Hermione stared at her, wondering how she was to reply. Remmy scowled and sent the tray barreling toward the end table near her wingback chair. She spun and wobbled out the door. Before she could close it, Hermione said, "Thank you, Remmy." Remmy turned, eyes squinted, and nodded once before shutting the door behind her. Beans and toast. Eggs, juice, bacon, grilled tomatoes. Pastries and tarts. And tea service. Hermione's stomach twisted and rumbled. She hadn't eaten since yesterday — an apple slice Luna had handed her in the morning. Narcissa had claimed she wouldn't poison her last night, but Hermione knew of at least seven potions that could be baked into the pastries or stirred in with the tea that could alter her perceptions, relax her mind or muscles, or leave blank spots in her memories — all of which were tasteless and odorless. She wandered into the bathroom suite to hide from the delicious scent of the food and stared at the tub. It had several magical taps for bubbles and scents. The tub was deep and wide, and much more luxurious than Hermione had seen in the last year. Her last decent bath had been last summer, before Bill and Fleur's wedding. But she thought of the way Lucius Malfoy had swept into the suite, like her privacy meant nothing to him. She quickly turned to the large shower, draped a towel over the side, and stripped. The water hit the perfect temperature, and she spent thirty seconds inside, scrubbing and washing only the essential areas, skipping her hair. She turned off the water, grabbed the towel, and wrapped herself tightly. She stood, dripping on the bathmat, waiting for something to happen. She poked her head into the bedroom, seeing she had no visitors. She dried off, twisted the towel around her again, and waddled to the wardrobe. She assumed the owner of the robes and jumpers and denims wouldn't mind her borrowing a few things until... Until... she didn't know what. Until her new clothing was provided? Perhaps a uniform, so she could join the elves in the kitchens? That's if Narcissa's protection against "visitors" was to be believed. She plucked a pair of light-colored jeans from the drawer, and dragged her fingers across the jumpers until she found a fabric that sung "comfort" to her. White, soft, and fuzzy. She considered for a moment, and then snatched up a pair of cotton knickers from the drawer on the right. Tucking herself behind the wardrobe door, she dropped the towel, shimmied into the knickers, dragged the fuzzy jumper over her head, and scrambled into the jeans. She was pleased when the zip and button closed perfectly around her hips. She twisted to look into a mirror on the opposite wall, finding a scrappy young woman with dirty hair in somebody else's jeans and jumper. It would do. She bent to put away her towel, but it disappeared, like they used to at Hogwarts. Elf magic. Hermione made her bed, washed the empty potion vial from the night before, folded and rehung her nightclothes, and reshelved the books she had taken down. Studying the balcony doors again, she tried the handle tentatively. It turned. The doors swept open, out to the world, and she put one foot out, testing. She stepped through with no issues. And when the light greeted her skin, she realized she had not seen the sun since the day before the Final Battle. Closing her eyes and breathing in the outdoors, she enjoyed the daylight. Several house elves watered the hedges that lined the lawn. She thought of Dobby and how his life would have been here. Leaning her arms on the balcony, she wondered if any of the other elves wanted to be free. Maybe she could use that. To her left, another rounded balcony. Separated, but close. She tilted over the railing, looking at what would break her fall should she try to tie her bedsheets together. Some unforgiving-looking bushes and decorative stones. If it was necessary, she could make the drop. She stood in the doorway, facing the suite, enjoying the sun on the back of her neck. Ignoring the plate of food again, she stared at the walls. And she realized there wasn't a single portrait in the guest room. A few landscapes and artistic swirls, but no immortalized tattletale to watch her every move. Privacy. She wondered how long that would last. Two swift knocks on the door. She waited, hands braced on the doorframe. No elf voice announcing itself. Hermione shut the doors to the balcony, and moved quickly to the door, heart pounding, pulling it open. Narcissa Malfoy in flowing blue robes, like water in a lake, and a smile on her lips. "Good morning, Miss Granger." She stared at her. "Hello." Narcissa swept her gaze down her body, eyeing her denims and bare feet. Hermione blushed. "I was wondering if you would fancy a walk. Perhaps a tour of the Manor?" Hermione blinked. In her twelve hours in this room, she had not once considered that she would be permitted out of it. The suite had everything she needed. A gilded cage. "A tour? I... er, yes," she stammered under Narcissa's shrewd gaze. A tour could be useful. Perhaps she could scour the grounds for vulnerabilities. "Shall I change into something more suitable?" A flicker of something flashed in Narcissa's eyes, and the corner of her lips twitched. "No, dear. Please be comfortable." Hermione blinked again. It felt like she'd done something right, when in fact, she'd done nothing at all. Whatever game Narcissa was playing, Hermione was ten paces behind. She'd have to change that. She ran to look for socks and shoes, before Narcissa could change her mind. The trainers in the closet were just her size, which was lucky. Months on the run had taught her how to pull on and lace trainers in under five seconds, and she thanked Merlin for it today while Narcissa Malfoy waited in the doorway like she was a guest in her own home. Narcissa smiled when she reappeared, but before they could depart, her eyes caught on the tray of food. She pressed her lips together, and after a pause, said, "Are you finished with your tray, Miss Granger?" Hermione swallowed and nodded. "I don't have much of an appetite." Her stomach growled on cue. Narcissa tilted her head at the tray. "Would you mind if we took some of those jam tarts with us? They're my favorite." Hermione shook her head and went to retrieve several tarts from the bowl, wrapping a napkin around them. Narcissa took them from her, saying something about the recipe, but Hermione was staring at the sugary morsels, trying to keep her knees from giving out. She was so hungry. Hermione watched as Narcissa chewed, wondering if this was some kind of trick. Some way to get her trust. Narcissa pointed out one of her favorite paintings, and then suddenly the tarts were extended to Hermione. "Take one, dear." Hermione reached for a strawberry tart, fingers shaking. She had no intention of eating it – just being polite. But then Narcissa said, "Excellent choice. Not a drop of poison in that one." Her eyes snapped up to find Narcissa smirking at her before popping a raspberry tart between her lips. And maybe it was the satisfied hum from her lips around the crunching, or perhaps the clever way she had tricked Hermione into taking food from her, or maybe it was because she was just so hungry. But Hermione bit into the corner of the tart, knowing that she shouldn't. But also knowing that she wouldn't survive long if she couldn't trust the food. The sugar danced across her tongue as they passed the large window overlooking the pond in silence, and even though Hermione had a similar view from the guest room, she still couldn't take her eyes off the sight. "Lucius's mother cultivated the gardens." Hermione turned to see Narcissa following her gaze. They paused in front of the window, and Narcissa pointed. "The gazebo was built for her wedding day. She took extra care to keep the surrounding plots as beautiful as possible – tending to the pond, caring for the peacocks. She was very set on having all future Malfoy weddings on the grounds in the gazebo, carrying on the tradition." Hermione swallowed, choosing her words carefully. "I'm sure your wedding was beautiful, Mrs. Malfoy." Narcissa stared out the window. "It was," she hummed. "It was at the Chateau de Chambord." Her lips quirked and her eyebrow lifted. "My family has traditions, as well." A shocked breath pushed from her lungs as the words sunk in. The older woman sent a satisfied smirk towards the gazebo, and gestured for Hermione to continue on with her. As they descended the stairs, Hermione meditated on whether Lucius Malfoy had met his match. Perhaps Lucius didn't hold as much power as he liked to believe. Narcissa led her out the front doors into the May morning. They turned right at the bottom of the steps, winding around the perimeter of the Manor while Narcissa showed her the flowers she'd brought over from Norway, the tree that had survived the battle on the Manor in 1643, the seam in the exterior wall where the expansion had begun. They stumbled across an old hunched elf weeding the bluebells on the north side of the Manor, and Narcissa stopped. "Hix, dear. This is Miss Granger. She will be staying with us." Hix nodded a greeting. "Anything we can do to make her stay more comfortable, we will endeavor to do it." Hermione's brows drew together, lips pursed. Perhaps Narcissa meant to lull her into complacency as she joked about wedding plans, crooned about shrubbery, and offered her tea in comfortable chairs. But there was an echo of "indefinite" in her words, and a shiver of "custody" in her tone. Reminding her of exactly where she was. Who she was. They moved away from Hix and the bluebells and Hermione scowled at her feet. She need to focus. She needed to find a way for Narcissa to show her the perimeter. They arrived at the bank of the lake in a tight silence. And just as she opened her mouth to question Narcissa, she spoke. "Europe is a catastrophe at the moment." She looked up at the blonde woman, startled. Narcissa glanced around for eavesdroppers before continuing. "I cannot free you, Miss Granger." Hermione's breath caught. "Even if I thought it would be safe for you on the run, I could not. If you were to... 'escape,' Draco would be punished for it." Narcissa Malfoy pressed her lips together, looking out past the hedges, and Hermione felt a cold wind inside of her, settling around her ribs. "So," Narcissa sighed, standing tall. "We will keep you under our care, and we will keep you comfortable. I am sorry for all that you've lost, but I cannot offer you more than the assurance that Malfoy Manor is the safest place for you." It wasn't the first time she'd heard those words, and she understood them no better the second time. Even if she were to believe that, why was she the one to be safe? Why was she special? She took a deep breath, heart hammering in her ears. "How is that?" Narcissa looked at her, blue eyes piercing. "Because I've had those animals in my house, snarling and pissing and prowling. I know what they do, I know how they think." She sniffed, and Hermione was reminded of the Narcissa Malfoy she'd met before, nose in the air, above everyone else. "You're in no such danger here, I assure you. The Malfoy men may not be saints, but they worship their women fervently." Hermione fought the urge to scoff. His woman? Was that what she was now? Perhaps Narcissa misunderstood this situation. Perhaps Narcissa thought there was more to this than… whatever there was to this. But she seemed to genuinely believe that Hermione was not in danger here, that she was not purchased with the intention of defiling and debasing her. Lucius on the other hand… Her earlier conversation with him gave her no answers either, and left her feeling more like a bought whore than she had the entire week prior. Hermione stopped in front of a rose bush blooming the most perfect white roses. She bit her lip, debating whether to tell Narcissa the truth: that she had no idea why Draco had bought her. But Narcissa spoke before she could pluck up the courage. "You are welcome to come out here any time you like. You needn't have a chaperone in this house." Hermione swiveled her head to her. "That's... That's very kind, Mrs. Malfoy. Is there anywhere I should steer clear of?" "Besides the common decency of staying out of other's private quarters – of which I am positive you possess – nowhere is barred to you. We have no mad ex-wives in our attics." Hermione tripped on a pebble, or something else imaginary. "You know Brontë?" "I do." Narcissa smiled. "The Manor's library is too large to only house wizarding books." Narcissa walked on. Hermione's heart lifted for the first time since someone else's name had been tattooed on her arm. "That's right," she said, like it was detail she'd forgotten. "The Manor has a library." Hermione wasn't sure she had smiled once in the past year. Not a smile from her heart. Not a grin that began inside of her, like a star bursting apart. The library at Malfoy Manor was the size of a small bookshop. Perhaps a large bookshop, as Hermione couldn't see to the back wall. Tall as a grand ballroom with stacks reaching high to the ceiling, Hermione couldn't breathe for the love she felt for one room. How long had it been since she'd set foot in a library? "Oh dear. It seems I've lost you." She turned from running her fingers across a shelf to see Narcissa smiling at her. "I'm sorry. I do like books very much." "Yes, I've heard." Narcissa tilted her head. Hermione was surprised that this detail stuck out to her after what she assumed were years of moaning and complaining from her son. Before she could consider further, Narcissa continued, "Can I bring you anything while you browse? Tea?" A crack and Mippy was there at her hip. "Mippy brings Miss tea and biscuits. What does Miss want for tea?" Mippy twirled her ear around her waxy finger, in a way Dobby used to. Hermione smiled in spite of herself. "Milk and honey please." "Does Miss want three honey spoons?" Mippy's eyes blinked, lashes bouncing. "Yes, that's perfect. Thank you, Mippy." Hermione turned back to the shelf. "Mippy knows how to make that. That is how Master Draco takes tea too!" Hermione's fingers slipped on the book she was replacing. Fuck. "Is it? How strange." She felt Narcissa's eyes on the back of her neck. And she wished a book would just open and swallow her. "Mippy," Narcissa's voice chimed, "bring biscuits and more jam tarts for Miss Granger." And then in a theatrical whisper: "Not the poisoned ones." Hermione blushed as the little elf shrieked and babbled, "Poisoned? Missus? Poisoned?" "Shall I leave you to browse?" Narcissa asked. Leave her? In freedom? "I would like that very much. If you'll allow it." "Miss Granger, I've already told you," she said kindly. "You are free to move through the Manor." Hermione nodded. "Thank you, Mrs. Malfoy." "Please, dear, you may call me Narcissa." Hermione watched Narcissa Malfoy sweep to the library doors, face tingling with surprise. "Er, you may call me Hermione. If you like." Narcissa smiled, a gentle quirk of her lips. The doors shut behind her with a click. She stood in the center of the lower section and spun in slow circles for several minutes, waiting for something to jump out at her. Waiting for the books to rebel at her presence and begin a nightmare crawl towards her to eat the Mudblood alive. She took a deep breath, inhaling the smell of books, of resourcefulness, usefulness. Narcissa made it sound like she could return here again, but still Hermione wanted to zoom through the stacks, and bleed the Malfoy library dry of information. There was a catalogue in the corner of the room where one could ask for a subject or a title and the books would organize themselves, either by guiding you with fairy lights or bringing the books directly to you. Hogwarts had a similar system but Pince disabled it years ago when she realized students were using it to smack each other in the head with a well-timed request for a zooming book. She steered clear of the catalogue, not wanting any traces left of what she was researching. Before she could tumble into the stacks towards the Dark Arts, she found a shelf that contained only seven books, organized together in the center. Red spines glinted at her, and she reached forward, pulling the first to her. Undesirable No. 1 by Lance Gainsworth She gasped. She turned the other books to her and found the rest of her favorite modern magical book series. The red spines were from the collector's edition. She ran her fingers down the first, and pulled the cover open. There, on the first page, was a personal note. Draco Malfoy, Thank you very much for your letter. It means so much to me to hear from you. Please accept the first five, with a promise to deliver the last two upon completion. Keep fighting, Lance Gainsworth She carefully closed the book, and replaced it on the shelf before her shaking fingers dropped it. Draco Malfoy was a fan of her favorite book series. A very large fan, if he'd written mail to the author. This didn't shock her too greatly; she'd found his name in more than a few of the fiction books she'd check out of the library. But this was... She was now itching to read them again. But she couldn't take the red copies. They were too precious. She could break the spines and smudge the lacquered covers... She stepped back, turning to the upper landing. She couldn't even see the back wall of the library, but there was a large sunny window to the right, warming the entire room. Hermione climbed the six stairs and turned around a stack to find rows and rows of books. She gasped, loud in the quiet hum. It must have been hours that she browsed. Mippy popped back with a tray of tea, sandwiches, and biscuits. She conjured a table and placed the tray down in the middle of the stacks. "Mistress tells Mippy to tell Miss Hermione to take as much books as Miss wants." Mippy left. She had only pulled down two books, so she set them on the little table next to the biscuits. Hermione had been trying to limit her selections, afraid of imposing, and despite what Mippy said, she assumed "as much books as Miss wants" was not the proper thing to do. She would probably ask for a bed to be installed in this corner if she was really to take as many as she wanted. She plucked a strawberry tart, nibbling on the end carefully, wondering what Madam Pince would think of serving tarts and biscuits and tea around the books. Madam Pince was probably dead. And Hermione was living in a small fantasy. The scone suddenly tasted like ash. She placed it down on a saucer. What was she doing? Sifting through priceless first editions and turning the pages of long lost copies when her friends and Order members were dead or dying. Hermione looked down at her teacup. Maybe there was something in the tea after all. Some kind of complacency drug. Hermione turned to the shelves, her source of comfort and truth, and dove in, pulling down dark tomes that she'd never seen in her life – each one humming against her fingers, trying to get her filthy hands off of them. She found chapters on Horcruxes in record time. The first book she grabbed was cited as a source in much of her Horcrux research. She wished she could cross reference with the book finder, but she didn't want a trail of Horcrux research leading back to her. She didn't know exactly where the Malfoys stood. How much did they know about Voldemort's plans – his power? And how could she find out if Nagini was still alive? Hermione had just turned to explore the back wall when she heard the doors to the library open. Narcissa must be back. She wondered what time it was. She reshelved the three dark books she'd pulled down, memorizing their locations, and went to her teacup, flipping back through her wizarding fiction books and peering between the bookshelves to the library doors. A pair of shoulders and a trim waist under a black jumper, black trousers and boots, and short blond locks that did not belong to Narcissa Malfoy. She slapped her hand over her mouth, watching as Draco hummed something to the book finder. She hadn't seen him this close since the Room of Requirement. Since the hallways after Harry died. His hair fell over his eyes as he waited for the book finder to glow. A book on a shelf three feet from her slowly pulled into the aisle, hovering, waiting to be plucked. Hermione watched between the stacks as Draco turned towards the upper-landing, long legs carrying him quickly in her direction. She clutched her books to her chest, waiting, breathing. It was like a car crash. A flying accident waiting to happen. She should say something. Announce her presence. Maybe drop something— He turned the corner, swiveling toward her, and she saw the exact moment he registered her presence. Like an electric shock, seizing all of his muscles. Her tongue was dry as his mouth opened in a silent gasp. He braced himself on the bookcase nearest him. And then very quickly it all went away. His mouth closed, his shoulders dropped, and his eyes shut off. He stared at her. She felt her chest begging for air, the covers of the books pressing into her fingers. "Your mother brought me here," her voice breathed, barely audible. He took in her white jumper and denims, then back to her eyes. "Have you finished with all of your other books?" he asked, voice hollow and low. He lifted a taunting brow. She didn't know what he meant for a moment. She brought no possessions with her. Clearly he remembered this. "The books in your room," he clarified, sending her a look that she recalled from Hogwarts whenever he needed to explain something to Crabbe or Goyle. "N-no." That was all she said, watching him scowl at her. He shifted, like he was ready to run. He moved swiftly to the center aisle, grabbed his book from the air, and pivoted away to the landing stairs. Before he disappeared, she burst out, "What am I expected to do?" He turned around to face her. His fingers twitched. "Do?" "Yes," she said tightly, feeling a familiar headache behind her eye that only Draco Malfoy could bring on. "Should I... join the elves in the kitchen? Work the grounds? Or maybe assist your mother with... whatever it is she does?" She listed all the things she hoped for. The things that she could stomach doing for the rest of her life. He continued to stare at her, and she wondered if she was supposed to suggest other tasks she could be doing. "You want homework, Granger?" Her cheeks heated and she narrowed her eyes at him. "No," she snapped. "You want to pick up after the peacocks? Make my meals?" She huffed. "No. I want to throw the covers over my head and pretend I'm not living this nightmare, but—" "Great," he said. "Do that." And without another glance at her, he swiveled and left. She watched him take the stairs in two long strides, cutting sharply for the door, and yanking it open before vanishing. Of all the idiotic—! Hermione huffed. Picking up after the peacocks? Really? She took a deep breath, coming back to herself, coming back to her situation. It wouldn't do to rile herself up over such a small annoyance. Given her circumstances, her first interaction with her new master could have been much different. She should count herself lucky. But what was the point of buying her if he had no opinion on how she spent her days? Would no one tell her why she was here? Each Malfoy had a different agenda it seemed, and her mind groaned under the pressure of these riddles. About half an hour of agitated wandering later, Narcissa came to check on her, teased her lightly for only having three books, and offered to show Hermione the way back upstairs. She really should have paid attention to memorize the path. She was allowed to visit the library again on her own, but her stomach twisted at the idea of running into Draco again. Narcissa told her she would have the elves send up dinner in a few hours. There was a question Narcissa asked, but she didn't concentrate on it, instead, letting her mind drift over something Draco said. Narcissa closed the door, and Hermione looked to the bookshelves. Your books. She ran her fingers over the spines. Your room. She looked at the bedroom suite. At the deeply comfortable bed. At the bookshelves. At the closet full of clothes exactly in her size. Hermione felt foolish now for thinking this room would be taken from her at some point. For thinking someone else's clothes just happened to fit her nicely. There was so much she still didn't know, but at least she'd solved one problem. She moved to the bathroom and stared at the tub. Her tub. She had at least two hours before Narcissa said dinner would arrive. Hermione took off the jeans, folding them nicely over the counter, pulled off the jumper, and brought a towel over to the edge of the tub. She started the taps. She turned on the bubbles. And she washed it all away in her bathtub, in her suite in Malfoy Manor.
A/N: Thanks for your patience as I took a week off! Much love to SaintDionysus and raven_maiden. CONTENT WARNING: This chapter contains references to suicide and some mild violence. Breakfast appeared the next morning along with Narcissa Malfoy. She escorted Hermione out to the balcony while Remmy set up the breakfast tray and the tea service. She eyed the grounds, looking for weaknesses as Narcissa talked. After a lull, Hermione thought she'd take a chance. "I... I'm not sure you can answer this request," Hermione started, "but I was wondering about my friends." Narcissa turned to her. "Yes?" "Where are they?" She hesitated before asking, "What state are they in?" Hermione sat still as stone as Narcissa Malfoy lifted a brow, opened her mouth, and stopped herself. "Hmm. Yes, I see..." she muttered. "I only ask because I was unconscious for the Auction," Hermione said. "Up until my... bid." She looked down at the wide lawn. "Yes, of course." Narcissa's eyes slid over her. "Naturally, you would be curious. I will do my best to get that information." Hermione smiled in thanks, and when her eyes returned to her cranberry scone and tea, she felt nauseous with guilt. What was Ginny having for breakfast today? When was the last time Luna had a cup of tea? Where was Ron? She spent the rest of her Sunday afternoon reading, looking out the window, in the bathtub. Just after Remmy arrived with her dinner tray, a knock rapped on her door. "Come in," she said, standing for Narcissa like her mother taught her to. Draco Malfoy opened the door. Her heart stuttered against her ribs as his eyes skated across her face and shoulders. So much taller than she remembered him. His skin was still pale and thin like sixth year, like he'd still not gotten a decent night's sleep. He wore black. Not his Death Eater uniform, but another black jumper. Black trousers and large boots. It was so similar to the outfit he wore in the library, as if this was his off-duty uniform. His eyes roved over her room, landing on things she'd disturbed. The pile of books at the base of her bookshelves, waiting to be reshelved. The shoes she'd worn yesterday on her walk with Narcissa, now sitting next to her armoire. The rumpled way she'd left her bedsheets, even after trying to make the bed. Hermione stood, hand on the back of her wingback chair, dinner half-eaten on the end table. His eyes finally landed on her again. She watched the quickest of flickers down to her Muggle denims and socks, fast as a blink. "Mother says you have questions." No. No, no, no, Narcissa. This was not what she wanted. She swallowed, and the first question poured from her without thought. "Where is Pansy?" He looked about as surprised as she felt. She wished she had a plan. Some way to ask the right questions. He looked at the fire, slowly dwindling. "I gave Parkinson to Blaise Zabini. As a token of thanks and loyalty. She is in Italy now, under his watch." His inflections and dead eyes meant to suggest that Blaise was the one receiving a gift for his loyalty. But maybe he didn't know Hermione had witnessed Pansy's rescue. She nodded. One off the list. "Ginny Weasley went to Avery?" His eyes returned to hers, and he nodded. "And Ron?" He stared at her, unblinking. "Macnair purchased him. And shortly after, the Dark Lord requested him." She took a slow breath. "And is he alive?" "For now." He watched it land on her, shivering her skin. She clenched her jaw and nodded. She wanted to ask more, to feel out how many of them had fallen in the courtyard. To maybe ask about Nagini in some way. He began, "If that's all—" "What about Arthur and Molly Weasley?" He blinked at her. "Dead." She suspected this. It didn't bring her peace, but at least she could nod, accept it, and deal with it later. "Neville?" He rolled his eyes in that very put-upon way he used for effect when he was younger. "Do you want me to make you a list, Granger?" "Yes," she answered immediately, disregarding his sarcasm. "If you please." He glared at her for a heartbeat, and then conjured a scroll and quill. She watched him perform a very complex spell to send his thoughts directly onto the page – the spell that had inspired the Quick-Quotes Quill. It required a trained mind whose thoughts could be directed and reduced to only one thing, instead of the extraneous thoughts one's brain floats to them. She'd only seen Snape use it before. She studied him while his eyes concentrated on the page—exhausted, with dark circles and dry skin. The angles of his jaw and chin cut through his cheeks and neck, sharpening him like a blade. The lips she'd memorized were dry and cracked, but pulled into the contemplative pout she'd seen in class. He still held his shoulders back, arrogance and good posture slithering through all the cracks in his facade. Her mind warred with itself, one half pitying him and looking for a way to comfort him, and the other wondering if his fatigue would give her an advantage. The quill disappeared. He grabbed the scroll from the air and held it out to her. And it all came back to her. He was handing her a list of her friends' fates. Neville went to the Carrows. Cho Chang and Seamus Finnigan to Mulciber. Oliver Wood to the Notts. Ron and Angelina Johnson to Macnair. Her eyes skipped over the page, feeling there was something missing. She looked up at him. "Luna Lovegood isn't on this list." He stood frozen, no expression crossing his face. "Lovegood is dead." Hermione felt her heartbeat in her fingertips. A pair of pale blue eyes behind her lids every time she blinked. Blood-soaked teeth smiling at her, telling her to make the sacrifice. She swallowed. "How?" Her voice cracked. Draco looked over her shoulder, out the window behind her at the sunset. "She jumped from the roof of Macnair's estate. They found her body yesterday morning." Her mind tumbled and swirled. Macnair. She went to Macnair. Luna was dead. She should have let her die in the Ministry. Remember? He said it would be better this way. She looked back to Draco. His eyes were distant, staring out her window to the pond. "She jumped because you told her to," Hermione hissed. He turned back to her, his gaze cold. He didn't deny it. "You told her that if there was an Auction, she should kill herself," she snarled. "Kill herself instead of fight." His lips pressed together. "You seem to forget that Lovegood was a Ravenclaw, not a reckless Gryffindor." His eyes withered her. "She couldn't be talked into anything that didn't make absolute sense to her." "Absolute sense?" Hermione repeated, feeling tears of grief threatening to spring. "So should I take myself to the tallest tower in Malfoy Manor as well? Maybe twist my sheets into a noose? Or I could always refuse to eat. Refuse food and water until I wither away—" He stepped toward her. "I dare you to try." He sneered at her. "If you're really so miserable in your private suite, in your Muggle denims and jumpers, with your meals delivered three times a day—" "Oh, thank you, Malfoy. For rescuing me—" "Then be my fucking guest, Granger." He stepped into her again, and she felt the back of the tall chair pressing into her spine. "I have it on good authority that Macnair didn't brutalize Lovegood before she jumped. Better take your chances now before your circumstances change—" Her hand was up, poised to strike before she stopped herself. Hitting him would be the most ill-advised action she could possibly take in her situation. His eyes glittered, scanning from her hand to her face, sizzling into her eyes and dropping down over her lips before sliding back. "Are you stupid enough to do it, Granger?" His eyes flashed at her, something warm and daring. Her fingers curled slowly, and she dropped her arm. She glared at his smug face, his eyes dripping over her and his lips pulling a slow grin. She tore her gaze from his lips and said, "And will my circumstances change?" She watched his eyes freeze over, like a glaze in a kiln, something opaque. A smirk that didn't reach his expressionless eyes. "Play your cards right, Granger…" And then his fingers drifted mockingly across her ribs. She jerked and slithered away from him. "Get out." A low chuckle as she turned to face the windows, dismissing him, smoothing out the wrinkled scroll held tight in her left hand. "The Dark Lord requests an audience with you this evening." A chill trickled down her spine, like ice water dumped over her head. "Tell him I decline. But thanks." She spoke to the windows so he wouldn't see the way her eye twitched. She heard a short breath of a laugh, and then, "I'll expect you downstairs in half an hour." He didn't make a sound as he crossed the carpets, and it wasn't until the door clicked that she even knew he left. Half an hour. That's all she had. She memorized the scroll of her friends' names as the sun set on the Manor. How does one prepare for an audience with the Dark Lord? Her question was answered twenty-five minutes after Draco left when Mippy knocked on her door. "Master Draco says you is to wear this." Mippy held a scrap of black silk over her outstretched arms. It looked like a négligée. Lace across the bottom and top, short and low with thin straps. When Hermione pulled the silk from the elf's fingers, Mippy twirled her ear and waited by the door. "Thank you, Mippy." She didn't recognize the sound of her own voice. The elf stayed in the doorway, shifting from foot to foot. "Mippy is to stay until Miss is changed. Then we is to go downstairs." And just when Hermione thought she could get away with being obstinate. Hermione marched into the bathroom, shucked her jeans, ripped her jumper off, and slid the silk over herself. It was as short as her gold shift dress, if not shorter. So, she was his whore. The mirror reflected the scowl and narrowed eyes of a sex slave. Her eyes caught on a fluffy robe hanging from a hook, and she considered flouncing downstairs completely covered. Or perhaps not going at all. Make him come back and drag her. "Miss!" The elf was knocking, her voice plaintive. Hermione frowned. Would Mippy be punished? Simply because she tried to delay the inevitable. She took one last glance in the mirror to make sure she was covered, and then followed Mippy out of the room, fuming, down the stairs and into the Malfoy entryway. Draco waited at the fireplaces for her. His eyes took in her attire as she descended—a quick glance at her bare legs, and then back to her face. Perhaps he did want her. Perhaps something about her had attracted him. He pulled at his sleeves, concentrating on the cuffs, and said, "You'll need to remove your bra." Clinical. Like a doctor would. She felt the blush rise in her cheeks. Her teeth parted to bite back, but she saw he was in his Death Eater robes. And just as he had changed into his uniform—his costume—it seemed she must as well. She reached behind herself and struggled to unclasp and remove the bra under the silk. He concentrated on the stones below his feet as she handed it to Mippy. The elf disappeared, and then it was just them again. But instead of feeling exposed, she felt ignored. He moved to the front doors, not waiting for her to follow. She trudged behind him like a petulant child, down the steps, into the brisk air, and down the stone path as the cold pricked her skin, pulling her breasts into peaks. She glared at the back of him, covered in thick robes while she was forced into a scrap of silk. Holding onto that irritation, holding onto the cold so she wouldn't think about what was going to happen next. He stood at the gates while she caught up, and then said, "Your left arm." She held it out to him, and he wrapped his fingers around his signature. They walked through the gates, and she felt a burst of heat through her arm. And then it was over. They walked to the top of a hill, his hand still on her arm, and then he Apparated them. The gates of Hogsmeade popped into view first. A chilling cold crawled through her throat, clawing across her ribs and seizing her muscles. Dementors. She looked up, and found thousands. She could just make out the moon past them, but they occluded the light, casting the grounds in darkness. Draco held her elbow, gripping painfully as one Dementor swept down, dropping like a weight over her. "Stay still," Draco demanded. The Dementor swallowed the air around her, sucking at her essence. It turned to Draco, reaching a bony hand out for him. He stared up into its hood, immovable. With one last tug at her soul, the Dementor wafted away, joining its companions. Draco guided her forward, and she guessed the Dementors had cleared them. A dozen of them hovered as they walked through the gates and turned onto the Hogwarts grounds. The Forbidden Forest had grown outwards, creeping towards the castle as if the magic holding it back had died when they lost. The grass was dry and some places were still burning. It wasn't until they passed the fires that Hermione recognized the smell. Burning bodies. The corpses were unrecognizable, and she thanked Merlin for that. She shook the image loose from her head, the smell sticking to her like smoke. Death Eaters in pairs of two walked broad circles around the forest edge, some of them nodding to Draco. He kept his eyes straight forward, hand wrapped around her arm. As they walked the grounds, closer and closer to the castle, she felt her pulse spinning, pushing back any happy memories she had of the different landmarks. A pair of two hooded robes stood at the entry steps. She turned her eyes down. The sound of lips puckering. Kissing noises, and it took a moment to realize they were directed at her. "Nice legs, Mudblood." She didn't look up. So, that's all she was now. A pair of legs. The doors to the Entrance Hall peeled open, and Draco pulled her inside behind him. They marched into the Great Hall, and she was thankful that it looked nothing like it did in her happiest memories. It seemed like Voldemort had torn apart every piece of the castle that would interest him, and redeposited it here. The remains of the basilisk swept in a broad circle around the walls, serving as seating for the Death Eaters in attendance. Nagini hissed at her ankles as they passed, and Hermione tried not to let her mind linger on how to kill her. Lord Voldemort himself sat in a throne of bones, carefully collected and magicked into structure. He twirled the Elder Wand between his fingers, red eyes glittering at her and Draco's approach like rubies. Draco walked her to a spot on the floor dark with dried blood and dropped to his knee, dragging her down with him. He bowed his head, but Hermione defiantly stared the Dark Lord in the eye, the darkness drawing her in. She could feel the stain of it on the stones, and she pushed back, refusing to bow to him. "Hermione Granger." The sound of her name sliding over his tongue shivered her skin. "Welcome to my castle." He chuckled. She breathed deep, the rotting air thick in her throat. When she gave no greeting, he continued. "You fetched quite a price at the sale. The... Auction. Yes, that was it. But I see now you are no great beauty." Hermione nearly sneered. Of all the things she thought Lord Voldemort would have to say to her, insulting her looks never made the list. "And still my followers jockeyed for you." He titled his pale hairless head at her. "How grand it must be to have befriended Harry Potter." A deep rumbling chuckle chorused through the room. The Death Eaters chortled. "Stand," he commanded, and then Draco was dragging her to her feet. "Young Malfoy." "My Lord." "You gave up quite a lot to obtain her." "Yes, my Lord." "Why?" "We were adversaries at school," Draco said, eyes still downcast. "She never quite learned her place. And also"—he lifted his eyes to Lord Voldemort, a small smirk pulling at his lips—"I'm always drawn toward the most valuable possessions." The Dark Lord grinned. "And is she everything you paid for and more? I heard she was untouched. I assume you've taken her." "Not yet, my Lord." The Death Eaters shifted, whispering. She felt a dozen eyes turn on her. Lord Voldemort's brow lifted. "And why is that?" She looked to Draco. Why was that? He glanced at her, his eyes slid over her neck, down to her breasts. "Anticipation is the sweetest torture, is it not?" Hermione swallowed. Voldemort laughed. A high cackling of glee. "Your father was too soft, Young Malfoy. But you're learning." Hermione felt her blood screaming. He was playing with her. Maybe they all were. A beautiful suite with a bed and bath of her very own. Tea with Narcissa. Access to the library of her dreams. Even Lucius was civil. It would all come to an end soon. "Tell me, Mudblood Granger," Voldemort's crooning voice interrupted her spiral. "What do you know of George Weasley?" She blinked. She couldn't hold back her surprise before Voldemort saw it. "What?" Draco's head snapped to her. "You will address him as My Lord," he hissed, eyes burning into her. "George Weasley. His safe houses. His distant family." Voldemort leaned forward in his throne. "What does he care about?" Hermione stared into the glittering eyes searching her. And then she understood. George had escaped. And for some reason, Voldemort was threatened by that. A fire burned in her gut, something that she'd thought had been extinguished the moment she spotted a small body in Hagrid's arms. "George Weasley was one half of the cleverest, trickiest pair I'd ever encountered," she said. "Even if I had an idea of where he'd go, I'd be wrong." A slow smile spread up her lips. "I'm quite pleased to inform you that if George Weasley escaped, you'll never see him again." Red eyes narrowed at her. She anticipated the Cruciatus Curse. Something slammed into her face, stinging her cheek and snapping her neck to the side. She stumbled, gaining balance and pressing her hand to her face. Her eyes rocked in their sockets. She looked back, searching for the weapon, preparing for another strike. Her eyes refocused as Draco lowered his hand, a ring on his thumb glinting at her. Her lip wet with blood. He'd backhanded her. He'd hit her, and she was bleeding. "Watch your mouth. You are addressing your Lord." His voice shivered her, and she looked away from his icy eyes. Voldemort chuckled, a sound like stinging knives. "I'll just take a look for myself, Mudblood." He stood and slithered toward her. She stood frozen as he circled her, coming around to her front again and leaning into her face. She looked into his red eyes, pulled to them almost inexorably. And then there were daggers in her brain, sinking into her eyes and twisting deep. She couldn't breathe as memories floated through her head, yanked forward and pushed back. She saw George with a sharp stinging pain. His head bleeding where his ear had been, smiling up at his twin. Like a rubber band snapped inside of her, and then George was thirteen, smacking Bludgers with his brother on the Quidditch field. A ricochet to the Burrow, and Molly Weasley stood before her, washing dishes. "My Aunt Muriel—" And like a whip cracking across her mind, she jerked to see Ludo Bagman speaking to the twins at the Quidditch World Cup. Hermione sat with Harry, staring around at the other tents and parties. A moment of stillness as Voldemort's consciousness slithered through the moment, twisting around Ludo Bagman and examining him. In pause, Hermione turned her mind to Harry, watching his easy smile from years ago— Wrenched through waves of memories and images, and then Hermione was in the Quidditch pitch at Hogwarts, running down to the stands as Harry held George Weasley back from launching at someone. She saw Draco, sneering and laughing on the field. And then he was tackled to the ground as George and Harry dove for him. A tangle of limbs, and Hermione ran down the stairs, cringing at the sound of knuckles against jaws and eyes. She felt a dark joy swimming next to her as Voldemort watched Draco, Harry, and George scuffle. As Madam Hooch separated them, Hermione remembered checking Harry and George for injuries first, and then her eyes sliding to Draco, curled in on himself, fighting for air. And even knowing that Draco had purposefully provoked the fight had not squashed Hermione's interest in his well-being. She watched as Harry and George were carted off the field, and lingered to see if someone was checking on the bloodied body on the grass. He looked so small. Still trying to crow at Harry's back as they left. And when the back of his hand swiped his brow, wiping blood from his eye, Hermione had gasped before looking away and running after the Gryffindors. Before looking away— —running after the Gryffindors— But she stayed. Frozen. Like someone had paused the film. She stared down at the Quidditch pitch, hands squeezing the railing, and looked down on a pink-faced blond cradling his arm. She should be turning and leaving. A cold breeze settled across her, like a snake's tongue slipping in through one ear and out the other. And it almost felt as if Voldemort stood next to her at the railing. If she could turn her head, maybe she would see him there. Watching her… watching Draco Malfoy. Like a hook around her waist, and then she was on the Quidditch pitch again, staring at a twelve-year-old Draco, sneering at her— "Filthy little Mudblood." And later that night as she cried in her dormitory— In the library, glaring at him as he read her favorite book. He smiled at all the best parts— And then a waltz played across her ears, and she spun in a circle to find him in front of her. The memory slowed, and Voldemort watched her curtsey in her periwinkle dress, watched her hand raise to Draco's. And like his face was resting just over her shoulder, the Dark Lord turned with them as they danced at the Yule Ball. Voldemort could hear her heartbeat, feel the shiver across her skin, and watched as Draco scowled down at her— And with an abruptness that echoed of breathing air after drowning, she was alone in her mind. And Voldemort was before her in the Great Hall, the bones of her comrades scattered around them. He tilted his head, slanting eyes examining her like she'd presented an unexpected problem. Her head felt the absence of his like a brain freeze, something so chilling filling the plates of her skull. He released his magical hold on her, and her body crumpled to the ground, legs bending in odd directions. It hurt to keep her eyes open, but she stared up at him as a slow idea formed in his eyes, a realization. He knew that she fancied Draco Malfoy. His hand shot out and Hermione could only catch her breath as Draco gasped and zoomed forward like a puppet on a string. His jaw stretched into Voldemort's hand. His legs lengthened to stand on the stones. Voldemort turned his red eyes on Draco's, and suddenly it was very quiet while Voldemort searched Draco's memories and thoughts for her. A drop of sweat rolled down Draco's jaw, as Voldemort performed a thorough examination. She didn't know how long she had been examined, but this felt longer. Draco grunted, breath shallow. And then Voldemort released him, dropping him to the floor next to her. Draco caught himself on his knees and stared up at the Dark Lord. Voldemort smiled. Pleased. He turned his gaze back on her prone body. And he cackled. She flinched as the sound of it bounced around the Great Hall. She fancied her captor and soon-to-be-rapist. A familiar boiling in her gut rose up and choked her—the same feeling she used to have in fourth year whenever she'd have to tear her eyes off of him. It was disgusting really. To want him. And a thought drifted through her: if she had any doubts about how Draco saw her, how he felt about her, at least Voldemort had given her reason to squash those doubts. He didn't feel anything for her. If he had, Voldemort surely would have found it. She tore her eyes from the red ones, and he laughed again. "Take your time with this one, Malfoy," Voldemort said. "You can torture her for years without lifting a wand to her." A shaking voice to her left whispered, "Yes, my Lord." Voldemort chuckled. Not even with Harry dead at his feet did she hear him this gleeful. Draco yanked her up by her elbow, bowing to the Dark Lord, and dragging her along behind him. They passed the guards at the doors, still sucking their teeth at her. They moved through the lawn of Dementors, and Hermione felt no change inside her chest. They cleared the gates, and a sharp tug Disapparated them back to the hills of Malfoy Manor. She kept her eyes on the ground as if Voldemort was still there, bearing down on her. And maybe he was — inside her mind. Crawling and feeding on her. Perhaps he'd never leave. The gates opened for them, and before Hermione could sludge through them, Draco's hand on her elbow pulled her back. His grey eyes searched hers, frantic movements across her face. "What did he find?" She looked away from him and shook her head, her eyes stinging. "It doesn't matter. He was pleased. That's all that matters." She turned to move away before he pulled her back — his grip firm, but nonviolent. "Whatever it is, he thinks I'm complicit," Draco said, voice barely loud enough over the wind. "Tell me." The wind wove through them, casting his cloak in twisting patterns and dancing along her bare skin. Maybe she could tell him. It was nothing really. I had a crush on you at Hogwarts. It would be simple, and there would be no weight to it any longer. She could shrug and laugh. Anticipation is the sweetest torture. But this wasn't Hogwarts. This was a hellfire of distrust and danger, laced with her impending rape and sprinkled with moments of hollow kindness. She couldn't tell him the truth. She couldn't tell him anything. "Don't worry, Malfoy. Voldemort didn't find anything in your head to incriminate you. Feel free to proceed with your plans to break me." She looked at the hedges to her right, blinking as the fury in her chest gave way to despair. A warm hand on her cheek. She snapped her head back to him to find him staring down at her lips. Hermione's eyes widened, lips parting. A whispered spell. His wand at the corner of her mouth, sewing the skin back together from where his ring had split her lip. She calmed her thundering heart, waiting for his hand to drop from her jaw. Instead he said, "Were you relieved when you learned you were coming here? Is that what it was? Do you think of me as the lesser of two evils?" She searched his eyes, wondering which memories and thoughts Voldemort shuffled through if Draco was this intent on finding out. "No, not really," she answered truthfully, remembering the long walk down these hedges just a few nights ago. "I thought I might be a gift for your father." His hand twitched against her face, like he'd been electrified. It dropped, hanging down by his side. "Then what was it? Tell me what he found." He swallowed as the wind slashed across them. There was something Draco Malfoy wanted that she could refuse to give. The small shift in power buzzed through her. She slipped away from him, moving toward the Manor, and tossed over her shoulder, "Anticipation is the sweetest torture, isn't it?" Marching away down the stone path, shivering in her négligée, she almost smiled. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays. Find me on Twitter, Tumblr, and Pinterest as Lovesbitca8. A Facebook group for The Auction and the TRTTD universe has been started. It's called Tea & Honey.
A/N: I have been completely awful at responding to reviews, but just know that I appreciate every single one of them. Thank you for taking the time to leave a review and tell me how you feel. Much love to raven_maiden and SaintDionysus for beating the Austen out of this chapter for me. There's still a bit in there, I think. :) So, George was on the run. It must have been during the Auction itself. He was onstage with Ludo when the girls began to fight. At least they'd won something during that moment. She sat in her wingback chair, watching the sun rise through her windows. It was her third morning in Malfoy Manor, though she hadn't slept the night before, content to stare at the walls while her brain mended itself. Several times she thought she should call for an elf to grab her a potion, but the headache kept her focused. She wouldn't be complacent in whatever they'd planned for her. Her cheek throbbed, a bluish bruise blossoming over her the corner of her mouth where she'd bled. She could have sworn she'd felt the outline of a gemstone against her cheek last night, but it was nowhere to be found this morning. Perhaps he'd only struck her face to save his own. Surely one of them needed to be punished for her smart mouth. She pressed her lips together, hardening to the memory of his healing hands at the gates last night. If he thought Hermione Granger was going to go quietly, she had a surprise for him. The sunlight popped over a tree, the first rays intruding upon her space, lighting up her walls. She stood, wrapping her robe tightly around herself and moved to the window, watching the grounds light up. There were no gates on this side of the estate, just large hedges and ponds. And with the daylight, she could finally make out the gardens in the distance. I'll get out, she told herself. There was always a weakness somewhere. A pressure point she could exploit. Pulling open the balcony doors, intent to peer around the sides of the Manor and below, she moved to step out, but something stopped her. She looked down at her feet, planted close to the doorway. She couldn't lift them. She stepped backwards just fine. A barrier spell of sorts. She'd been able to sit on the balcony yesterday, having tea with Narcissa in the morning. What had changed? A chill from the morning breeze wound its way around her skin. Luna. She stared at the horizon as the sun's half-circle rose over the trees. So should I take myself to the tallest tower in Malfoy Manor as well? She'd goaded him. And while they were gone last night, he had wards set. Curiously, she reached her hand out. The wards stopped her before her fingers could cross the doorway. Her cheeks heated. How dare he. He was carving away her options, narrowing the walls of her pretty little cage. Hermione spun, thoughts crashing around her mind like waves in a storm. She ran for the curtains hanging from the canopy and tugged them into knots, but a noose wouldn't hold. The fireplace burned low, and she stomped over to test another theory. Like warm water as she plunged her hand into the flames. She threw open the wardrobe, and found that all of her belts and sashes had been removed. I dare you to try, he'd said. Reminding her that her life wasn't hers to take anymore. Brushing away her tears, she stared at the sunrise, and then shoved her feet into boots, tossed open the bedroom door, and then took off in her robe. She marched down the hall, wondering if anyone slept in these rooms. If she happened upon Draco she would give him a piece of her mind, that was certain. She clambered down the marble stairs and out into the chilly morning air, breathing in the freedom. The other side of the Manor was the unexplored land. Staying close to the walls, she walked the edges, taking in the morning fog. Rounding the corner, the gazebo rose from the mists, sunlight bouncing off its elegant roof, casting patterned shadows on the grass before it. The waters shuffled on the lake, trembling as the fowl landed and bobbed. A warming charm would be helpful about now. Hermione frowned, hoping that she'd acclimate to being non-magical soon. Then she'd remember to put on a jumper the next time she went for an angry morning stroll. The lawns spread out for acres, and she considered how far the property went. Perhaps they had even more than this, but the Manor's grounds stopped at a certain point. She looked down at her arm, wondering at what point the estate would bar her exit. The two letters inked into her skin caught the morning light, a hint of gold shown through, just over the top of the white lettering Bellatrix had given her. She peered back at the windows, checking the third floor for her room and finding the door to the balcony thrown wide. She counted. She was the second balcony in on the right, facing northeast according to the rising sun. Handy details, if she could ever find someone who could use them. A short walk through the countryside. That's what it could have been, in another life. She faced the sunrise, now dappling the trees along the edges of the lawn, and began to wander. Cutting across the grass like a lone sailboat on a lake, she headed northeast. Find the chinks in the armor. There was a faint hum of the grounds waking, birds stretching their voices wide, the hedges bowing to the sky. It was startling to be surrounded by beauty again. Scenery had been the last thing on her mind when choosing the locations she'd dragged Harry and Ron for the last year. And yet, these grounds were clearly made to be seen. Admired. It almost felt mocking, given her circumstances. She imagined this field was quite useful for garden parties and large receptions. Did the Malfoys even have family friends anymore? Or were they just all Death Eaters. Who did Narcissa Malfoy entertain? She reached the edge of the rounded hedges, facing a pathway cutting down a dark lane lined with trees with delicate branches, leaning over to touch each other. A sparrow sang to her children. It was idyllic. Too idyllic. Distractingly so. Perhaps the weakness was somewhere down this lane. It extended forever, disappearing into morning mist and the shadows of the trees. She stepped through, feeling much like Alice in her looking glass, waiting for another world to morph before her eyes. Nothing. No tingle on her arm. She continued her walk, eager to find the end of the Malfoy property. Something the birds sang echoed in her head, a kind of melody that sounded familiar. A few notes that strung together and reminded her of a song her mother used to sing in the mornings. She wondered if Monica Wilkins remembered that song. If some mornings she woke up humming it, trying to place a melody she'd long forgotten. She'd never been so thankful for her foresight than her choice to Obliviate her mother and father. If she had to add her parents to her growing list of worries in this new world, it would be unbearable. Hermione stretched her arms out wide, fingertips barely grazing the leaves on several unruly hedges on either side. Perhaps Hix was shirking his duties. Her robe opened in the wind, air rushing to meet her warm skin. She threw her head back and stared at the splatches of sky through the tree branches. The lane ended. It opened wide into another field. Hermione stopped, staring at the sloping hill, a childish impulse telling her to run and tumble down. A different, darker impulse telling her to run as well. She stepped forward. "I would stop there, Miss Granger." She spun. Lucius Malfoy – impeccably dressed for the hour in the morning – stood with his hands clasped behind his back, staring at her with grey eyes. Had he Apparated to her? She hadn't heard him approach in the narrow lane. Was she past the Apparition line? She remembered herself, quickly closing the robe and pulling it tight to cover her modest nightclothes. No sash to tie it closed. "Why?" she asked. "What's beyond this?" "Nothing much of anything, really." He stepped forward, and she was reminded of the way her aunt would try to corner one of her playful cats. "The grounds extend another few acres, but it's mostly fields." "I like fields." She wondered if she'd pay for the insolence in her tone. The corner of his mouth twitched, like his son's whenever he hid a smile in class. "Yes, don't we all," he hummed in a condescending growl. "But I'm afraid you've reached the line you cannot cross, Miss Granger." She stared back at him, examining him. He leaned forward on his toes, ready to pounce. She wouldn't notice it if she didn't already know that Malfoys lean back on their heels, waiting for the world to come to them. His hands behind his back – perhaps his wand between his fingers. Following her. Lucius Malfoy didn't want her crossing this line. Her skin pricked. Perhaps the weakness was here. "I assure you, there's nothing but plains of grass," he said, reading her distrust. "A few excellent spots for Quidditch"—he nodded over her shoulder—"if such a thing interests you." He frowned at her when she didn't move and sighed. "The Manor grounds stop here for the purposes of that ink on your arm. If you cross the line, you will be grievously harmed, Miss Granger." She blinked at him. He was nervous—she was certain of it. And what else could be the cause but the thought of her escaping? A breeze rustled the tree branches above them, and sunlight freckled his face, reflecting off his eyes. The birds had stopped singing. It was worth a try. If she was wrong, she'd be with Luna again. Harry. Draco couldn't stop her this time. With an agility she'd learned from a year on the run, Hermione spun on her heel and leapt out of the lane, into the field. A spark of fire in her arm, burning, crackling, sizzling up her nerve endings. She crumpled to the soft grass as the fire spread into her entire body, frying her from the inside. An echo of a yell behind her as the pain surrounded her mind and plunged her into a spinning darkness. Rocking. Swaying. Like her father used to do when she injured herself. Wrapped in a blanket, pressed against his chest. Her mind floated up, thoughts attaching to memories. She'd been outside. She'd been beneath a canopy of branches. She'd wanted to follow a rabbit down, down, until she found her haven. Lucius Malfoy had stopped her. Her eyes fluttered. And she remembered the pain. Her body quaked, and her father's arms pulled her closer. No, not her father. Someone held her to their chest, walking, swaying, rocking her back to sleep. Her skin hurt. Footsteps echoing off marble. She fell back into the blackness, like blinking. "What happened?" A panicked voice burst into her mind, waking her. She swayed, rocking, walking. Still in her father's arms. Her eyelids fought against the paste that closed them together. "Father! What happened?!" "Your Mudblood decided to take a walk, Draco." The voice rumbled from the furnace against her ear. A low vibration, lulling her back. "Perhaps you should explain to her—" She drifted out to sea again. A hedge maze, several stories high. A rabbit in front of her, hopping away, looking back at her with Harry's emerald green eyes. He disappeared around the corner hedge, and when she followed, he was gone. Her body ached. She felt every limb spark to life, but they only twitched when she tried to move them. Her eyes snapped open, and she stared at the canopy of her bed, the cream curtains draped so elegantly. It was like she'd been immobilized. Her muscles were weighed down, and even her eyelashes worked too hard. She could see the low sunlight from her windows bouncing against the ceiling. Turning her neck in a slow rotation, she found a figure standing against her windows, staring at the grounds. Draco. He held a cup and saucer in one hand – tea gone cold, she could guess, with the lack of rising steam. His other hand in his pocket. Dark trousers, but a cobalt blue jumper. Out of uniform. She stared at his back as she tested her muscles, curling her toes and shifting her arms. He was almost as tall as Ron now. Always taller than Harry. His shoulders had broadened with maturity or with muscle-training, she didn't know, but even through his jumper she could see the shape of him. Draco's clothes were always perfectly fitted. Probably had the jumper handmade, just for him. The thumb holding onto his saucer bore the Slytherin class ring that had cut her lip the night before. The emerald stone winked at her, teasing her. Her eyes dropped down, taking in his legs and backside. Perfectly tailored there as well. He stood tall on both legs, never one to lean on a hip unless provided with a wall or a pillar to rest on purposefully. She used to watch Pansy's hands drift to his hips, either in class with a quick pinch to his thigh, or in dark corridors past curfew where Hermione would either interrupt the couple and take house points or walk away briskly with the image of green-painted fingernails sliding down his back to squeeze at him. Like summoning his eyes, he turned to look at her just as her gaze moved to more acceptable locations. His eyes were soft and distant. And then a flicker. And then grey and absent. Like a reptilian blink. He faced her fully, vanished the teacup and saucer, and slid his other hand into his pocket. "Can you move?" "Barely." Her voice was ragged, like it had been grinded down. Perhaps she had screamed. Behind him she could make out the sun setting. She'd lost the entire day. He scowled at her, and before she could wonder why, he asked, "Were you trying to kill yourself?" She blinked, laying useless on the pillows. "No. But now that you mention it, I'd appreciate my belts and scarves back." He narrowed his eyes at her and paced across the carpets once before coming back to the same spot in front of the windows, his lips tight. "I should have given you a tour of the perimeter upon your arrival and cautioned you of the consequences," he said. "Tomorrow, when you can walk again, we'll do that." She gave a sharp laugh, and her stomach muscles protested. "There's no need to walk me. I'm a slave, not a dog. I think I have the idea now." She hissed through her teeth as she shifted her legs, hating the way she lay prone before him like a ragdoll. "Why is this recovery worse than the Cruciatus Curse?" "I believe the barrier was created with Cruciatus in mind. You may not have been subjected to Cruciatus in extreme lengths of time." His eyes drifted away from her, and she had the distinct impression that he had suffered these exact symptoms before. "Crossing the barrier should shock the tattooed person and give them a chance to withdraw themselves from the perimeter. Father said you jumped through the barrier, your entire body beyond it. You landed and rolled down the hill." She swallowed. Yes, that seemed right. At least she'd learned something. Weaknesses in the wards were irrelevant as long as she had that tattoo on her arm. Lucius had been telling the truth. "By the time he recovered you," he continued, "you'd been outside of the barrier for two minutes." She frowned. "Certainly took him long enough." His face turned back to her, lifting a brow. "Lucius doesn't have his wand at the moment. He's having it replaced." She blinked at him. This knowledge was startling. The possibilities swirled in her mind, and she tried to find the advantage. Draco read her face easily. "The Dark Lord requested his wand last year, for reasons of his own. He's been using a replacement, but during the Battle of Hogwarts, it finally gave up on him. Cracked." "Oh," was all she could say. She stared at the curtains behind him as she realized Lucius Malfoy had followed her down a hill, lifted her into his arms, and carried her back to her bedroom. She wondered if he'd run, or if he'd just let her body writhe and sizzle at the bottom of the hill. Nothing this family did made any sense. She caught Draco's eye. He'd been staring at her, she realized. She was weak, immobile, and in bed before him. He could do anything he wanted to her. Swallowing, she tested her arm muscles, trying to flex them. Barely responsive. The movement caught his eye and he looked away. "Mippy," he called out. The elf popped into the room. "Miss is awake!" "She needs food and water," Draco stated, moving toward the door. Her head was too heavy to follow him. "And another muscle relaxing potion in an hour. Please tend to her." The door closed, and she stared at the spot in front of the windows where he'd stood as Mippy bounced around her. Narcissa helped her out of bed the next day and assisted her with stretching her tight muscles. Hermione pressed her lips together and let her, wondering if she knew what her son had planned for her. They made it down the stairs for a stroll along the Manor's ground floor. She didn't see Draco or Lucius for the day. Narcissa apologized for not showing her the boundary, offering to take her on a walk, but Hermione declined. Her muscles still ached. And she didn't need a reminder that she was bound here. Narcissa was the most observant person Hermione had ever met. By midafternoon, when she came to escort her downstairs for lunch, she had deduced that Hermione's skin was as sensitive as her muscles, and therefore stopped looping their arms together. She cast Cushioning Charms on the wingback chairs before they sat to take their dinner. When Narcissa asked Mippy to draw a room temperature bath, Hermione almost smiled at her. It was as if she had a particularly nasty sunburn over every inch of her skin, and any extra contact sent her shivering. Once she had toweled off, she pulled on the soft silk nightdress that Narcissa had left for her on the bed. She fell asleep that night wrapped in silk, with a cooling charm on her sheets. Her consciousness lifted from her dreams in slow waves, a weightless floating back to the surface. Every time she dipped back into dreaming, Harry was there. Untwining her wishes and memories, Hermione felt a pricking across her skin, her body dragging her back into her bed at Malfoy Manor, where Harry was dead. Her arms shivered, and that familiar sensation of eyes on her washed over her. A tug at her hair, a curl twisting softly away, tickling at her neck. Her lashes fluttered, and she opened her eyes to her dark bedroom. She tilted her head to the door, certain for a moment that she hadn't been alone. That fingers had threaded through her hair, a gaze steadily watching over her. Maybe Narcissa had come to check on her. Or maybe… She blinked away her silly thoughts, twisting her legs in the sheets, and turning over to her other side to snuggle in. A shadow in the darkness. And fingers twisting her curls. And eyes like the devil looking down on her, resting behind her on the bed. "Hello, darling," Bellatrix hummed. Her heart stuttered in her chest, freezing her veins and tightening her muscles. Her legs thrashed, kicking to get away, but Bellatrix cackled and slithered over her. She sat on her hips, pinning her elbows to the bed, grinning down at her. Hermione's throat caught around the word, "help," choking in her chest. "Ah, ah, ah!" Bellatrix clucked. "That won't do. It's just us girls." Her nails cut into Hermione's arms until she whimpered. "Such a pretty little prize you make, Mudblood. And expensive, too." One hand grabbed her jaw, bony fingers turning her face to look her over. Hermione thrashed, her free arm fighting to push and roll out from under her. Bellatrix's hand dipped down and tightened, pressing heavy on her throat. Hermione scratched at her, pushing up on the weight against her neck as spots clouded her vision. She concentrated on her breath, coming in slow, measured rattles. "So expensive, makes me wonder if your cunt is golden, too." Her hot breath hit Hermione's face, the putrid stench suffocating her as much as the grip on her throat. "Not that anyone's found out yet, isn't that right?" The mocking lilt to her voice shot straight down Hermione's spine. "Do you want to know why the Dark Lord values me, Mudblood? Why I am permitted at his right side after all these years?" She smiled down at her, her eyes glittering black. "Because I don't let my cock get in the way of what's truly important." She cackled, and Hermione shuddered. Bellatrix swiped one of Hermione's curls away as her face twisted, dark and petulant. "Like father like son." She scowled down at her, and Hermione watched her eyes burn. Bellatrix sat tall suddenly, her hand lifting from Hermione's throat. "That's the problem with men," she hissed. "No fucking loyalty. No sense of duty!" Bella twirled her wand in her fingers as she looked over Hermione's head at some far distant memory. "Can't see the larger picture. They just want to dip their wicks." Hermione felt like maybe she was missing some kind of opening here. Some way to sympathize with her, gain her trust, and then run. Before Hermione could think of a possibility, Bellatrix pounced. She clawed at her scalp, pulling her hair back into the pillow, yanking her chin to the ceiling. "But you… still untouched. What an embarrassment." Something wet and warm on her – Bella licking her face from jaw to temple. "You don't taste expensive." She cackled. "Do you think you're safe, Mudblood?" Hermione's eyes could only see the headboard, her lungs dragging in air through a crooked windpipe. "I don't want you getting a big head about this. You know your place, don't you?" And then Bella wrenched her left arm away from her body, pushing her wrist into the mattress so she could read her scar properly. "Don't you?!" she screeched. "Yes," Hermione wheezed, fingers scrabbling at her throat. "Do you need to be reminded?" "N-no!" A cackle. "Ohh… I think you do." The edge of a blade caught the moonlight, and Hermione's chest locked in horror as the tip pressed against her skin. Hermione thrashed wildly. Bellatrix laughed and moved one knee onto her chest, the other pressing her upper arm into the mattress as her blade dug into her arm. She couldn't breathe. She screamed, knowing no one would hear her. No one— "Aunt Bella," said a calm voice. "What are you doing?" A wave of Bellatrix's hand, and the candles lit in her bedroom. She turned over her shoulder and smiled. "Draco, darling. Come to play?" Hermione felt her pulse in the wound, her blood gathering. Bellatrix dismounted, and Hermione scrambled to the side, stumbling into the wall. Her eyes darted to the bathroom with the door that she could barricade, but it was on the other side of the bed. She held her arm close to her chest and looked up to see Draco in the center of the room, watching his aunt. He wore his trunks and a vacant expression. His eyes didn't search for her, he didn't move toward her. He just smirked at his aunt. "Bella, you of all people know the importance of breaking in a toy. You'll ruin my process." Hermione swallowed, her breath coming in sharp gasps, dizzying her. The wound… There was something wrong with her. Bellatrix slid off the bed. "It's for your own good, Draco. She's poisoned the Malfoy name enough." He stared back at her coolly. "The Dark Lord isn't finished with her." Bellatrix pouted and whispered something against Draco's ear. Hermione felt like she couldn't hear normally; maybe her blood was pounding too loud. Draco said something in return, and Hermione watched as Bellatrix's palm slithered across his bare chest, dragging her nails over the skin. She slipped past him and hummed a happy little tune as she danced to the door. The room spun, and Hermione braced herself on the wall. Bellatrix said something to him in the doorway. Some mumbled melody. But Hermione stared down at her arm, blood starting to bead. There was a squiggle and a dash. And she wished Bellatrix had thought of something important to carve. She had to look at it forever now. Just like the other marks Bella had made. The wall behind her zoomed forward, smacking her in the head, her back solid against it. She looked up to tell Bellatrix to come back and finish it. It wasn't fair to her to leave her with just a squiggle. But she was shutting the door behind her, and then Draco's bare skin was all around her. Warm. "Granger!" Sound floated into focus. Not the first time he'd called her name. She could hear the echoes of it now. Draco was so warm. His hand held her wrist, blood starting to drip, and his other arm held her body up, wrapping around her waist. She pressed her head into his shoulder. Like they were dancing. She smiled, feeling her lips pull across his skin, dizzy with the melody. Something was wrong with her. Heat over her wound. And maybe he was healing it. Maybe he would fix it so it meant something. Not just a curving line and a snag. She looked over at it, and found Draco's lips on her arm. That would heal it. She was sure of it. Her mother used to do the same. He turned his face away, lips stained red, and spat her blood onto her cream carpets. He reattached his mouth, sucking hard, and she felt her head float back down when he spit again. Sucking something out of her. She blinked at him. Watching Draco Malfoy fill his mouth with her muddy blood, watching the carpets bleed. She gasped, knees buckling, lungs filling again. He looked at her, his mouth still wrapped around her skin, eyes pale. His arm clutching her body close to him, sweeping her up against him. A waltz was playing somewhere. He turned and spit. "Accio." His voice cracked on the one word. His wand flew from somewhere. Somewhere outside of the room. Because he'd come running when she screamed, leaving his wand behind. Like father like son. He gripped the wrist of her injured hand and turned his wand on the cuts, siphoning blood into the air, and whispering a spell to pull something dark out of it. Smoke, curling out of her arm and hanging in the air around them like mist. At some point during her episode, she had grabbed his shoulder, and her hand felt completely frozen now, even as he worked on curing her blood, fingers curled over his neck. She stared at his bare shoulders, the skin of his arms. Draco Malfoy slept in only trunks and socks. He also had a singular beauty mark on top of his left shoulder. The edges of her vision blurred as she studied his lips. Lips that could suck the life out of her. "It's a goblin blade," he whispered. She blinked at the sound of his voice this close to her. They shared the same air. She blinked again. Clearer now. "It's viper venom. And other things," he said, separating the smoke from her blood again. She nodded dumbly. Highly poisonous, and he'd sucked it out. Saved her. He met her eyes for what felt like the first time since yesterday. He was so tall. Her neck lengthened, and her hand slipped over his shoulder on accident. Gooseflesh beneath her fingers. "It will scar too, unfortunately." He turned back to her arm, and cast a spell to weave the skin back together. She drew a rattling breath and gave another nod. Her head felt clear again, though it stung around the edges. She wondered again what Bellatrix had intended. His eyes followed the line of her arm, onto her shoulder, up her neck to her eyes. He held her stare, deep and purposeful. "It doesn't mean anything. The marks." Of course it didn't, she thought. It's just a squiggle. Her eyes drifted down to his lips, still stained pink with her blood. "Thank you," she whispered. He swallowed. And then he was sliding his hand away, peeling his body back from her. He steadied her against the wall. "Mippy!" A crack and the elf was there, bouncing and asking if something was wrong with Miss. "Blood replenishing potion. Water. And another serving of dinner if Miss Granger wishes." His eyes never left hers as Mippy popped away. "I'll have the wards reset. When I chose a Blood Boundary, I thought it would only allow my parents. I didn't think..." He turned his face away. His eyes landed on her blood on the carpets and he waved his wand to vanish it. "I had no idea she would want you again." Hermione flinched. "Want her" was not her favorite choice of words. "Why did she then?" she rasped. She'd have bruising on her neck in the morning. His eyes grew cold. "She… disapproves. Of the way we're handling you." His gaze slid down her body, stopping at the bottom of her nightdress, across the tops of her thighs, and quickly set back on her face. Hermione shivered. "I need to speak to my father. If you need anything, please utilize Mippy." She nodded, feeling warm from his wandering eyes. He turned and exited the room through the door while she stared at her feet, refusing to look at his naked back. Mippy returned. She changed the sheets for her, cooled the bed, and stayed with her until she had a few bites off the plate. Hermione lay awake, letting the Blood Replenishing Potion hum through her, running her fingers over the new markings on her left arm as she stared blankly at the ceiling. Only when the marks had faded into the same white scarring as the other word on her arm did Hermione see it. Bellatrix had finished after all. Not a squiggle and a dash. There, just next to the ink of Draco's signature, she'd carved an apostrophe and an "s." D.M. ' s mudblood . . Updates on Sundays. A new story in the Rights and Wrongs Series has been added called Birth Right. It's a Lucissa story set in the TRTTD universe. Check it out.
A/N: Due to Real Life™, I unfortunately need to take the next two weeks off. I'm moving and will have family in town. The next update will be on 9/1. Huge thanks to raven_maiden and SaintDionysus (who has an awesome new Hansy story out, btw). The poison worked its way through her system overnight, leaving a lethargic hum in her veins the next morning. Once the adrenalin of the initial shock had seeped from her, her body felt the aftermath like a lead weight for the next few days. Mippy continued to pop in with potions without labels. She asked the elf what was inside the small vial, but all she would reply was, "For Miss! For Miss to heal!" On the third day of her subdued and woozy recovery, she refused the potion. It was possible the slow climb back to health was not due to the poison, but to the antidotes she was taking. Mippy bounced from toe to toe, spinning reasons to take it at her like a broken record. "But Miss! Miss was hurt! The potion makes Miss better!" "But Miss is weak! This makes her strong!" "Miss wants to feel good? Drink!" "Master Draco makes it special for Miss. To make her better!" That one caught Hermione's attention. She looked to the small girl elf, holding a purple swirling potion out to her. Draco made this potion? Or Draco doctored the potion somehow? "No. Thank you." She turned her head from the elf's wide eyes and thought about how easy it would be to drop a sprig of asphodel into almost any potion. Or… The minty magic suppressant that the nurses gave her in the Ministry holding cells. The ones they'd been ordered to give all slaves. The Malfoys must be dosing her, but… perhaps they'd enhanced the suppressant to be tasteless? She tried to remember if anything she'd eaten had a strange peppermint aftertaste. Perhaps that was why her recovery had been so difficult. Healing potions mixed with a heavy dose of magic suppressants. Mippy disappeared with the undrunk potion, and Hermione decided against dinner that evening. She woke up in the middle of the night, clutching her arm, sweating, head pounding. She'd been through worse. She knew she could survive it. Her blood began to boil after ten minutes, sweat blooming from her skin and sinking into the sheets. Whatever Draco's potion was, it was clearly better than this. She suffered two hours before whispering a shaky, "Mippy," into the quiet room. The elf appeared and helped her drink. Lying boneless all day and night as a toxin washed its way through her blood was all too freeing for her mind. She stared off for hours, reimagining Bellatrix's breath on her face, her high laugh. And then piecing together what she remembered of Draco. Seemingly appearing from nowhere. Still as stone as his aunt left the room, and then jerky, hurried movements as he healed her. He healed her. It was important to him that he heal her. In ways that the Dark Lord couldn't possibly condone. In ways that made her think she was worth more than sixty-five thousand Galleons. He'd cleaned her blood with his lips, spitting onto the plush carpets like he could buy new ones. Sucking poison from his whore, as if he couldn't buy another one of those. His untouched whore. In her elegant suite. Her eyes closed, drifting off, remembering his skin surrounding her. Narcissa visited often. She offered to retrieve books from the shelves, bring fresh sleeping clothes, take dinner requests. On the fourth day, she turned from her bedside and said, "It's such a beautiful day out. Perhaps in the afternoon, we could take a stroll." Her eyes drifted down to Hermione's arm and back, where twice her own sister had cut into her. "No," Hermione tested. "I don't really fancy a walk. Thank you, though." She watched, waiting. Wondering how far her illicit freedom stretched. Narcissa smiled pleasantly. "I'll leave you to rest then." She gathered the books Hermione had finished, floated them to the bookshelves, and moved toward the door. She paused with her hand on the doorknob. "My sister… cannot be excused. But she is my blood, so I feel I always must excuse her." Narcissa turned back to her. "I stopped approving of her actions a long time ago. And she stopped approving of mine. But her behavior is not a reflection of this house, or its inhabitants." Narcissa nodded to her, and left. Somehow, incredibly, Hermione was struggling less and less with that concept. She started rising from bed and moving around her room in the mornings. Her muscles ached, but every day became easier. It had been ten days since she was electrocuted and poisoned, and ten days since she'd seen either of the Malfoy men. She dressed slowly, intent to get out of bed and leave her room. The portraits hissed at her as she passed, muttering things about her dirty blood. An older man with the same long blond hair as Lucius but a rounder face and stomach humphed at her as she passed his portrait and said, "Shameful. We would have locked her away in the dungeons in my day." She sneered back at him, dragging her fingers across his ornate frame as he gasped in indignation. It was difficult for her to have no purpose. Ever since she was eleven, Harry had needed her. She knew things. She had answers. And if she didn't have the answer, she could look it up. But she was incapable of answering certain questions with books now. She had survived and was being protected for reasons that were impossible to understand. All her captors seemed to ask of her was to merely exist. She'd turned over a dozen possible motives in her mind over the last few days, each more preposterous than the last. They were Order sympathizers. Double agents. Saving her as a bargaining chip in the event that Voldemort was defeated. Whatever their reasons for keeping her safe, one thing was certain: people were dying. Her friends were dying. She'd already lost too much time. Pushing open the library doors, she shuffled to the texts on dark magic. It seemed that she had several problems. Firstly, Voldemort had the Elder Wand — something she had never put as much faith into as Harry had. She was always more interested in the Horcruxes. They were tangible, and weren't rooted in fables. Which brought her to her second problem: Nagini. There were only two people alive who knew about Voldemort's last Horcrux: her and Ron. She remembered Neville running for the snake in the courtyard, but she couldn't be sure he knew the importance of it. If someone was able to defeat Voldemort, she or Ron would have to make sure the snake was dead. That seemed like such a far off problem. The locket, cup, tiara, ring, and diary were all gone. A surge of memories rose through her consciousness, unbidden. Parseltongue, shared dreams, mind connections. Where she'd thought that maybe Harry was… She wiped her clammy hands on her trousers and forced the thought aside. None of that mattered anymore. Was Nagini really the last one? Or had he made more? Was his soul stable enough for more? Hermione reached for a text, her bandaged left arm stretching high, reminding her of her third problem. The tattoos. She wouldn't be able to leave the estate without Draco. She could do all the research in the world, answer all the questions, and still it would be pointless if she couldn't leave and tell someone about it. If only she could get in touch with George. Figure out some way of communicating to him, even if she couldn't leave. But if Voldemort looked into her mind again… She flipped open the book on Horcruxes she'd been looking at last week, searching for the passage on Fiendfyre she'd wanted to reread— And snapped the book closed. Her mind… the images she saw… the things she read… Voldemort could see them all. It wasn't just her important memories he had access to. He could see anything she did, no matter how mundane. Pages and words and information. Her favorite things. She put back the book with shaking fingers, knowing that researching Horcruxes was enough to incriminate her. She'd never been afraid of her own mind before. But her knowledge would betray her if Voldemort performed Legilimency on her again. Staring at the books, staring at the shelves of a library so dark and powerful that it could defeat Voldemort and his Elder Wand with only its pages wielded by the right person, Hermione realized she couldn't use any of it. She stepped back, breathing hard. There was nothing she could research. Nothing was safe. She blinked quickly at the stacks, focusing on her breath, feeling a sharp pain in her ribs. Her mind wasn't her own. She felt his presence inside, slick like oil. It had been almost two weeks since he had invaded her consciousness. Perhaps he wouldn't again. But could she count on it? She leaned back on the shelves, closing her eyes, trying to find a way out. The sound of shuffling to her left snapped her eyes open. A book slithered from a shelf down an aisle and hovered, as if it had been called. Blinking, she turned to see if anyone was at the catalogue at the front. No one. The book hovered. Hermione moved down the aisle, walking carefully toward the text. Close enough to grasp it, and she read the spine. Mind Tricks for Beginners. Her heart stuttered in her chest as she reached for the thin book. It fell into her hands like an apple from a tree. She stared at the cover blankly for a minute before darting her head around the corner—perhaps a member of the family was playing tricks on her? But there was no one there. Hermione retreated from view and flipped to the table of contents, fingers trembling. Occlumency and Legilimency. A book on shielding one's thoughts. Hermione frowned, wondering if the library catalogue provided help without prompting. Occlumency would be the best protection from Voldemort's probing, but it was a magical ability. And she didn't have magic. Nor did she have the time for the years of study it would take to keep Voldemort out of her mind entirely. She read the chapter titles: Meditation Clearing Your Mind Walls and Doorways From the little she knew of Occlumency from her own reading and Harry's lessons, it required a focused mind. She used to bite back a remark whenever Harry moaned about Snape's methods, certain that her mind—her disciplined mind—could have succeeded with far less whinging. She looked around the library again for other hovering books, half expecting Harry to emerge from his Invisibility Cloak, teasing her about spending all day amongst the books. The space behind her eyes burned and she swallowed, blinking rapidly. She looked down again with blurry eyes. The first chapters sounded simple enough, possibly non-magical meditation. Hermione slid the thin book into a large fiction, and began her slow journey back to her room. She was just passing several doors that she knew lead to private studies and lounges when she heard voices. Narcissa's melodic hum pierced the cracks in the door and Hermione stilled, listening with held breath. "Why does it have to be you?" Narcissa said sharply. "Why does it have to be any of us?" Lucius replied. "He's probably fallen asleep in his dinner somewhere. Or had a heart attack while with one of his paid Muggle whores." "Lucius, this could be serious." Hermione pressed closer, her ears straining as Lucius mumbled something low and placating. "How long?" Narcissa asked. "A week," Lucius said, his voice closer to the door. Hermione jumped back, frozen in horror— but it seemed that Lucius was pacing. His voice distant again as he said, "He's ignored three summons." Hermione's eyes widened at her shoes, books pressed tight to her chest. A Death Eater had been ignoring Voldemort? "Something's happened to him, Lucius. He would never defy the Dark Lord." And then under her breath: "He doesn't have the brains for that." Lucius hissed at her. "None of that. We are in no position to think those thoughts." A long pause. Then Narcissa sighed. "How long will you be gone?" "Just overnight." "Can't you take someone with you? Yaxley?" "Everyone else is concerned with the Macnair estate." Hermione's mind spun. The Macnair estate was where Ron had been at one point. Macnair had bought Ron, Angelina Johnson, and Luna. If all Death Eaters were concentrating their attention to the Macnair estate… If someone else had disappeared completely… Something was unraveling. "I need"—Narcissa cleared her throat—"I need to see about lunch." A scraping of furniture legs. "You'll join me for tea before you leave?" "I… I have several things—" "I don't care. I'll see you for tea." There was a flurry of footsteps and Hermione ducked behind a bust of Lucius Malfoy I just as the door flew open, squeezing herself tight so she wouldn't be seen. Narcissa's heels clicked away down the stones, and once she'd rounded the corner leading to the kitchens, Hermione stood tall again and spun silently on her heel to run back to her room. "Miss Granger," Lucius called out from inside the room. Hermione froze, heart pounding. How had she given herself away? She forced herself to move, stepping into the doorway to find Lucius scribbling with a quill at a desk in an impressive study. He didn't look up at her. "I take it that you have a habit of listening at doors like a child, then?" His tone was lyrical. The tension in her shoulders melted. He wasn't going to kill her for what she heard. Just mock her to death. She braced herself, assuming the polite thing to do would be to enter the room and— She stumbled backward. There was a barrier in the doorway. Similar to the one on her patio. She couldn't lift her foot to step through. "Oh, no," he said, leaning back in his leather chair. "That wasn't an invitation." He pulled the feather of the quill between his fingertips and stared at her. "I suppose you've come to thank me for pulling your shaking and drooling body up the hill and back inside the barrier." She narrowed her eyes, her temper sharpening like a knife against the stone. "Yes, I was surprised to find that you'd carried me—" "Heavens, no." He lifted a brow at her. "I grabbed your arm and pulled you behind me like a dog." She glared at him, knowing that wasn't true. But he was purposefully distracting her. She wondered how far she could push him. "Who is missing?" He tilted his head at her, and she expected silence, or another insult, or a taunting "come again?" "Gregory Goyle," he said, adding, "Senior." She blinked at him, surprised by an honest answer. Or a supposedly honest answer. If he was telling the truth, why would Goyle disobey Voldemort? He was one of the ones who had returned immediately. He was in the graveyard in Little Hangleton. Were they sure he was alive? Looking up at him again, Hermione knew Lucius was reading her face, knew her mind was whirring. "I'll give you one more question," he said, eyes glittering. "Better make it worthwhile." She felt her heart stutter in her chest. He wanted to play a game? Waiting for the right question to come to her, Hermione stood frozen, rooted to the floor, Why did Draco purchase me? Who has access to Nagini? What has George done to anger Voldemort? "Why are the Death Eaters gathered at the Macnair estate?" Her voice clicked, and she didn't know if she'd chosen the right question out of the thousands in her mind. He steepled his fingers, and gazed at her over the tops of them. "To investigate the recent murder of Walden Macnair, and subsequent escape of his prisoner." Her eyes widened. Ron. Or… prisoner, singular? She opened her lips— "Ask and you will receive within reason, Miss Granger," he cut in, effectively silencing her. "Creeping about like a mouse is unbecoming." His eyes dug into her, flickering down to the book in her arms and back. "Do enjoy your reading. Hopefully it's something… instructive." She stared at him, her skin feeling too tight. His face was impassive. Her fingers curled tighter around the Occlumency book, tucked into the larger fiction book. Did he know? Did he…? "Thank you, I will," she replied. He looked away, breaking her gaze. "Could you close the door before you go?" She narrowed her eyes at him. The door handle was past the barrier she couldn't pass. His lips quirked. "Oh yes, of course." And with a wave of his hand the door slammed in her face. She frowned at the wood, inches from her nose. No doubt that conversation would take her weeks to untangle. Wandering back to her room, taking the stairs slowly for her aching muscles, Hermione started with item number one. Goyle's father was missing. She didn't know anything else, except that Voldemort was sending Lucius Malfoy to investigate. Perhaps he had been murdered and Lucius was headed to find his body. Second item: Walden Macnair was dead. And a singular prisoner had escaped. Last she'd heard, Ron had been summoned by Voldemort, so it was possible that it was Angelina who had gotten out. Was it George? Had he come for his brother? And why was Lucius Malfoy telling her all of this? What could he gain from passing information to her? Was it even the truth? What game was he playing? She reached the top of the stairs, her book pressing into her ribs, and wondered about the Occlumency book that had hovered for her to find. Did Lucius plant it there for her? What possible benefit could Occlumency give her if she didn't have magic? Pausing in front of her doorway, Hermione breathed deep with the exertion. Did she have magic? Was the minty potion truly being served? She pushed open the door, and stood in the middle of her room. Turning to her bookshelf, she reached an arm out, focusing her energy on bringing a blue spine to her. Nothing. Visualizing her wand in her hand, she concentrated on the magic she was born with. The magic that made her float the neighbor's cat when she was seven. The magic that set Becky Tracker's hair on fire when she was ten. She thought she felt something fighting in her veins. But nothing. She dropped her arm. It seemed the Malfoys followed some of the rules on slaves after all. Perhaps it had been the enchanted library catalogue that called the book for her. Sighing, she settled into the wingback chair that faced the windows and opened the thin book. Chapter One: Meditation. Three days later, she was on her sixth reread of Mind Tricks for Beginners, finding it very difficult to read theories and techniques without the practical application. It felt like her year before Hogwarts when she had gobbled up all of the magical books she could get her hands on, but hadn't been able to practice anything without a wand. Perhaps she wasn't cut out for Occlumency, and she'd been too harsh on Harry. Clearing her mind was not a strong suit of hers. Her constantly running questions and curiosities were a detriment to meditation. There were certain techniques that were interesting enough. A cool blue lake with calm waters, stretching out past the horizon. Depths below, but a still and tranquil surface. Or sometimes focusing on a moving target, and blurring the edges of everything else. She was staring out the window at the grounds, trying to focus only on a lone peacock making its way across the lawn, when there came a knock at her door. She blinked. The intrusion bringing her mind back to the present. Setting down her teacup, she took a breath and said, "Come in." Draco pushed open the door, and her breath caught in her throat. She hadn't seen him in nearly two weeks. She'd stopped needing the potions several days ago, so there had been no tangible reminder of him for some time. Besides his lovely home and lovely mother and lovely sheets. He was out of uniform again. Grey button-down shirt and black trousers. She flushed at the memory of the last time she'd seen him, when he hadn't been wearing any clothing. She hadn't forgotten about the beauty mark on his left shoulder, or the way his skin shivered against hers. He stood in the doorway like there was a spell keeping him out. She watched his eyes drift down to the corner of her mouth where her bruise had healed. "My mother would like to invite you to dinner in the dining room tonight." She stared at him, waiting for him to say more. To explain why he'd saved her that night, and kept away ever since. She searched his face, but his features gave away nothing. Still hiding, then. After frantically pulling poison from her veins with his lips. She clenched her jaw, disappointment twisting in her gut. "And why is she not here then?" He blinked, and looked down to the carpets. "My mother would like for me to ask you to dinner in the dining room tonight." "Tell her thank you, but no." She turned back to her tea service. "I will be perfectly happy taking dinner in my room tonight." She took her teacup to her bathroom and shut the door behind her, dismissing him. If he wanted to her to have dinner or talk with him or... anything else, then he'd have to force her. She stared at her pale reflection in the mirror and willed heart and temper to calm. It was already clear that he didn't care for her. Why did she have to create delusions for herself? When she emerged after a few minutes, she expected him to be gone, not examining her bookshelves. But there he was. She watched as his fingers ran over a spine. "You reorganized them." He glanced at her. "Yes." She cleared her throat, ignoring the fluttering in her stomach. "They were organized by Muggle and Magical, then by genre, then some strange system I hadn't deciphered—" "By publish date," he offered. She blinked at his profile. "Brontë was filed after Joyce." He frowned. His head swiveled to a top shelf where she'd replaced Brontë into alphabetical order by author's name. He plucked the forest green spine off the shelf and flipped open to the first pages. "It's a reprint. 1931." His brows drew together. "The original must be in the library. I thought it was in here." Leave it to Draco Malfoy to distract her by waxing eloquent about books. She stood next to her bed as his fingers ran down the front page of Jane Eyre. "That's what you get for filing things with magic," she said primly. The corner of his mouth twitched. And she wondered if she'd just made Draco Malfoy smile. "I'll have the original brought to you." She snorted. "I don't need the original." His jaw tightened, and he nodded. Gaze on the bookshelves, he said, "Anything that you do need?" She sighed. She didn't need anything besides his honesty, but she supposed she could indulge him for now. He'd stayed. He waited for her reply, and she looked around the room, searching for something to ask for. She followed his gaze to the books as he dipped his head and fingered the cuff of his sleeve. "Actually," she began. "There is… The Undesirable series." His eyes turned on her, grey and warm. They urged her to continue. "I found the collector's copies in the library. But I wondered if there were others I could take to reread?" "You can take those," he said, eyes searching her. "Oh, but those are..." She reached for words, trying to skate over the fact that she'd read his note from Lance Gainsworth. "They seemed… personal." His eyes flickered, brows lifting, as he realized. He swallowed and looked away. "I have another set. I'll have them delivered to your room." "Thank you," she whispered, and she wondered if the deep inhale he took had anything to do with the reminder of the last time she'd thanked him—with her hand on his bare shoulder and her blood staining his lips. "Are there other books you're enjoying?" he asked, eyes glazed over, focusing away from her. She frowned at his attempt at small talk, but then he continued. "Learning anything new?" She felt her skin tighten. Mind Tricks for Beginners. They were all in on it. Together. But, of course they were. Hermione swallowed. They would be punished far more severely than her if the wrong people heard about her treatment. She wondered if Bellatrix could be trusted to keep her observations to herself. She took a deep breath and said, "I've found several new things to read up on. But it seems as if I'm lacking the tools for a true education." Surely they knew she couldn't accomplish much without magic. His brows pulled together. His gaze turned to the floor, thinking, like he always did in Arithmancy when the equations became tedious. "I can look into that as well," he said. And she knew they were dancing awfully close to the edge. If he felt he could have come right out and said it, he would have already spoken to her about Occlumency. She watched him, eyes sliding over her bookcase, hands clasped behind his back. The grey shirt pulled taut across his clavicles. And she wondered how much Occlumency Draco Malfoy knew. She knew he could be cold and closed; surely he must know some. But was he skilled enough to keep the Dark Lord from shredding his thoughts and memories? He turned to face her, breaking her stream of consciousness. "Dinner is at six." She lifted a brow. "I've already said I'm not coming." He narrowed his eyes at her. "If you don't join Mother and me downstairs, she will have my head." She snorted, turning back to her tea service. "I'm not sure how that's my problem." A pause. "I can't get you your books if I don't have a head." "I'm positive Mippy would be just as useful in that department. I wouldn't need you at all." She tilted her chin up, challenging him to continue as spots of pink speckled his cheeks. He swaggered to the doorway, and said, "Well, seeing as Mippy is preparing dinner this evening, I'm sure she would be less inclined to obey you if you offend her." "Mippy is a kitchen elf?" she asked, startled. "No," he said, reaching for the door handle. "She just loves to cook." She caught the beginnings of a grin on his lips as he left. Turning to her wardrobe, she wondered what one should wear to dinner with the Malfoys. At 5:57PM, she descended the marble stairs and headed to where she assumed the dining room was. Narcissa had waved her hand towards it on her first day at the Manor, and she had tucked it away, like she did all the other details of the Manor's layout. The candles were burning low in the long room. A deep black dining table spread down the narrow dining hall without any table settings or centerpieces. There was a hum of dark magic, like it had dissolved into the walls. Had she been tricked? Was there no dinner after all? She shivered as her eyes roved the ceiling. She didn't like this room. It felt like death. "We have two dining rooms." She turned to see Draco ten paces from her, standing at the corner of the corridor leading elsewhere. "Of course you do," she muttered. "I always carry a spare as well." His eyes glimmered, the corner of his mouth twitched. "The smaller dining room is this way." He gestured for her to follow, but she remained frozen. She had to ask before leaving. The smell of this darkness would stick to her clothing like smoke. "What happened in here?" she said, staring into the long room, waiting for an answer. "There's dark magic here." She glanced back at him. He was looking into the walls of the room like he could see inside. Like he could see a scene play out in front of his eyes. His eyes flickered to meet hers. "We don't use that room anymore." And she knew the conversation was done. Or at least paused for now. He quirked his head for her to follow him and disappeared around the corner. She followed him to another room on the first floor, past the library and past a beautiful view of the pond and the gazebo. They must have been under her bedroom. He stopped at the doorway and gestured for her to lead in. She turned and found Narcissa at the head of a much smaller, but no less grand, dining table. "Hermione, dear," she said warmly. "I'm so glad you've joined us for dinner." She waved at the chair closest to her on her left. Hermione nodded and forced herself to smile. She made her way to the specified chair and sat, watching Draco mirror her across the table. Wonderful. She'd face him for all of dinner then. "We're thrilled you felt well enough to join us. We've all been terribly worried, of course. Some of us even more than others." Hermione dragged her eyes from Draco's scowl to find Narcissa beaming at her, a knowing look in her eye. "Thank you for having me," she offered weakly, wondering what kind of societal niceties she'd need to adopt for the next hour. No sooner had Narcissa reached over to pat her hand, than Lucius entered the room, stopping cold at the sight of her. He blinked slowly and said, "Are you lost?" Hermione shot daggers at him as Draco stiffened in his seat. "Hush," Narcissa snapped. "I invited her." She turned to Hermione. "You'll have to pardon Lucius. I'm afraid he's been under a lot of stress lately." She shot him a frosty look. Lucius lifted a brow and pulled the chair at the other head of the table. "She is a slave, not a house guest, Narcissa." "I truly don't see the difference." Narcissa flicked her napkin and laid it across her lap. "As long as she's here, there's no reason why she must remain locked in her room with only books for company." "Father," Draco cut in. A warning in his tone. Lucius gave his son a sardonic half bow before taking his seat. "How good of you to join us, Draco." Hermione stared between them, her mind racing. Bellatrix had resented their treatment of her, and it seemed Lucius disapproved of it as well. It wasn't a stretch to imagine that he hadn't wanted her there in the first place. She jumped when Mippy appeared at her elbow with a decanter. "Wine, Miss?" "Mippy," Lucius hummed, scowling. "You will serve the Lord of the Manor first." Mippy lowered her eyes and bounced over to Lucius with the wine. Hermione looked to see Narcissa smiling into her water glass and Draco rubbing his brow, like a headache was forthcoming. They sat in thick silence as Mippy poured wine for each of them. It had been ages since Hermione had last had a glass of wine. While reason dictated that she shouldn't drink around people she couldn't trust, it also told her she might not survive an hour of Lucius' presence without it. "Hermione, dear," Narcissa said, once Mippy vanished. "Have you had a chance to visit the conservatory off the western wing? It's lovely this time of year." She fidgeted in her seat. "Er… No, I haven't had the opportunity yet." "Too busy exploring the perimeter, I expect," Lucius said, smiling coolly in her direction. Her cheeks flushed as she glared at him. "Yes, well, I suppose you could call me more of a hands-on learner. I'm not one to take things I'm told at face value." Lucius leaned forward slowly, his eyes fixed on hers. Hermione lifted her chin. "Do you find your situation terribly confining, Miss Granger?" He tilted his head. "Having your own living quarters, and free range of the Manor? Does it make you feel a bit feverish to experience the world outside?" "That's enough, Lucius," said Narcissa sternly. He relented after a moment, lounging back in his chair, a smirk curving his lips. Draco cleared his throat and took a deep sip from his goblet. Thankfully, the first course arrived filling the soup bowls, and Mippy appeared at Hermione's elbow again. "This is Mippy's favorite! Pumpkin soup! Mippy makes it special for Miss—" "Do you plan on announcing every course?" came Lucius's steely voice. "Lucius," Narcissa warned. She turned to her elf. "Thank you, Mippy." Mippy twirled her ear and vanished. Hermione took a deep breath through her lungs. The more she bit back, the more difficult he could make it for her. She shoved her anger aside and documented which spoon Narcissa chose, picking up the same. She tried the soup with as much grace as she could muster, noticing that each Malfoy sat ramrod straight, dipping their spoons with the same elegance and balance. The soup vanished her sour mood, at least temporarily. It was… to die for. Narcissa held conversation quite well for someone who could talk about nothing going on outside the Manor itself. She found ways to include all three reluctant parties at the table, asking questions or commenting upon their daily activities. But no matter what Narcissa did, she could not get Draco to engage. Whereas Lucius had a sarcastic comment at every turn, Draco seemed as distant as possible. "Well, I happen to love walking around the estate in the mornings," Narcissa said to Hermione, after failing yet again to engage her son. "It's so tranquil. The grounds truly wake with you." "Granger's already gone on a morning walk, Mother," came a caustic voice. "You can stop selling it to her. She was almost killed last time." Hermione looked up at Draco. His hand was frozen on his soup spoon as he stared at Narcissa, his features clouded with irritation. Hermione narrowed her eyes. It wouldn't have happened if he'd been more open with her. If he hadn't kept her in the dark since the moment she'd set foot on the Manor's marbled floors. "I don't regret that 'walk' one bit. In fact, it was quite informative," she said sharply. Draco's eyes snapped up to her. "I'd like access to my balcony back, by the way." Lucius muttered, "Your balcony…" Narcissa swept up her wine glass and vanished behind the brim. "And why would I do that, if you're so fond of injuring yourself?" Draco said, patting his mouth with his napkin. Hermione squared her shoulders. "The likelihood of dying from a three-story fall is so low—" His gaze hardened. "If I know you, you'll accomplish it." "Well, I hardly see the difference," she said, feeling her blood pulsing. "I'm just as likely to be injured in my room as out of it." She felt the air in the room pull tight, like a string, vibrating. Draco's eye twitched. He took a deep breath, but nothing came from his lips. She looked to Lucius, raising a brow over his wine glass, and then to Narcissa, staring down into her empty soup bowl, looking strangely lost at the reminder of her sister's sudden appearance in Manor. "That won't happen again," Draco whispered. He stared at her, eyes hot and intense. "She's been barred from the estate." Hermione blinked, stunned. Draco parted his lips to continue— He jerked, a gasp of pain. The spoon clattered in the empty bowl. He stood, chair pushing back from the table with a racket. Lucius was on his feet too, rubbing his forearm. "We have to go." He walked quickly to Narcissa's side, placing a kiss on her cheekbone before sweeping from the room. Draco kissed his mother, slid his eyes to Hermione, and followed his father out. They'd been called. Abruptly. Possibly a reflection of Voldemort's mood. They were gone for several long moments before Hermione remembered to breathe again. Her stomach twisted, even though she felt like she should rejoice if something was wrong. Narcissa folded her hands on the table, pressing her lips together. Hermione waited, not daring to speak. "It was like this before," Narcissa said, voice low and somber. "He'd leave, and I'd wonder when I'd see him again." She pressed her fingers to her mouth and said, "And now it's both of them." Hermione sat still as a statue. She stared at Draco's empty chair, thinking of her missing friends. Narcissa turned to her. "Are your parents safe?" She reached out and took Hermione's hand. "I never knew how to ask about them." Hermione swallowed, tears pricking behind her eyes. "Yes," she managed. "They're safe. They're away." Narcissa nodded, and turned her eyes back to Draco's soup bowl. They stayed like that until Mippy came to announce the next course. Before bed, Hermione found all seven Gainsworth books placed on her bedside table. She felt something like guilt when she first saw them, but she set it aside and allowed herself to get lost in the pages. She read the first before falling asleep. That night, she dreamed of her favorite story instead of her usual nightmare, where Harry or Luna slipped through her fingers and fell somewhere far beyond her reach. She woke late the next morning. It was past nine when she finally tested, "Mippy?" Nothing happened. She frowned. At 9:20, a knock came from the door. She opened it to find a scowling Remmy with the breakfast tray. "Hello." Remmy said nothing, but sent the tray to her side table. "Will Mrs. Malfoy be joining me today?" Hermione asked. "Mistress is gone." She blinked. "Oh. Gone?" Remmy nodded, face scrunching into a tight sorrow—the most emotion Hermione had seen from the elf yet. "Master Malfoy is hurt." Hermione felt her blood rushing in her ears. "Which Master Malfoy?" she asked. Remmy frowned with watery eyes. "Master Draco." She swallowed and looked down at her arm, expecting… something. "Thank you, Remmy." Remmy left the room. And Hermione stared at the closed door. Draco was injured. And it was serious enough that Narcissa left to be with him. She stared down at her breakfast tray, wondering what would happen to her if Draco died. Surely if he had, the tattoo would have alerted her? A sudden, inexplicable terror seized her ribs, the pressure so overwhelming she found herself gasping for air. She screwed her eyes shut and drew on the meditation she'd been practicing until it passed. She leaned against the bookshelves, savoring the feeling of the wood pressing into her spine, and stared out her windows. If Draco died, would she go back to Dolohov? She forced herself to breathe. She tried, but failed, to find a scrap of joy that there had been some kind of victory for the rebellion. The guilt twisted heavy in her gut while she waited for news of Draco's health, watching as the sun rose higher in the sky, and began to fall again. A chill passed through her at the realization that she was alone at Malfoy Manor for the indefinite future, wandless, with only the elves for company. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays (NEXT CHAPTER ON SEPT 1). Find me on Tumblr, Twitter, and Pinterest under Lovesbitca8.
A/N: AND WE'RE BACK. Much love to my main squeezes raven_maiden and Saint Dionysus. It had been almost a week since Hermione had been left alone in the Manor, and she thought she'd explored every inch of it by now. She kept her mind occupied by cataloging each room, searching for clues or possible weapons. As the days passed, she realized she couldn't hold out hope that the Malfoys would be the next faces she saw. Hermione took the Occlumency book to the conservatory every morning, breathing in the plants and honing her meditation skills. At night, the corridors seemed to creak with the Manor's heavy years, so Hermione stayed inside her bedroom once the sun set. She kept meals in her room, and no one was happier about that than Remmy, who seemed quite pleased to see as little of Hermione as possible. On the second day of her solitude, Hermione discovered the kitchens. Three elves worked alongside Remmy, cleaning and making dinner for no one. "Hello." Four pairs of hands paused, and four pairs of eyes turned to her in varying shades of violet and green. She cleared her throat. "I'm Hermione." Remmy waddled to her, scowling. "Miss is hungry? Already?" "Er, no." She tried a smile. "I just wanted to introduce myself. And meet you all." Surely the elves had the most information about the Malfoy family secrets. Never a bad idea to befriend an elf. They stared at her. It was silent except for the sound of chopping vegetables from the enchanted knives. Closest to her was the elf that delivered tea on her first night. "Hello again," Hermione chirped. "Peach, isn't it?" The older elf frowned and said, "Plumb." "Ah. Yes." She felt heat climbing her neck. They all stared at each other. "Miss wants dinner now?" Remmy glared. "No, no." She tried resting casually on the back of a small elf chair. It teetered, and she straightened again. "Er, how long have you been working for the Malfoys?" "Plumb was born here." "Oh?" Her brows jumped, and she faced Plumb. "So a very long time! I have read that house-elves can live to two hundred." Plumb scowled at her. "Plumb is forty-six." "Right." Her face flushed. "Well then, you all must remember Dobby! He was a dear friend of mine." The elf in the back let out a tutting sound, and Remmy's expression didn't change. It seemed she gained no clout by mentioning that name here. "Please, do go on." She gestured vaguely at their work. "I just wanted to visit. Perhaps chat a bit." They stared at her. The knives had ceased their chopping. She opened her mouth. And closed it. "Yes, alright. I'll take dinner now." So she ate at 2pm that day. Later, she'd retraced her steps towards Lucius's study, positive it would still bar her, but content to try regardless. The door handle turned under her fingers, and to her surprise, she could push the door open fully with a shove. Her hand pressed against the barrier — still blocked out. She stared into the dim room, the window behind the desk casting late afternoon shadows forward. Spying a Foe Glass on a shelf, Hermione eyed it, waiting to see if her face clarified and formed in the fog. Silhouettes shifted, passing in the void, but the Glass didn't recognize her as an enemy. Interesting, considering that she was here to snoop. Her head pressed against the invisible barrier, tilting to the side to view the interior walls. A series of bookshelves that had her fingers itching lined the left wall. Wouldn't it be interesting to see what books Lucius Malfoy kept at his disposal? Kept out of the library? After ten minutes of squinting at the titles on his shelf, she wandered to the library, ready to tackle one of her many problems. She ran through the questions she had, prioritized them, and tried to find workable solutions. The most pressing question was contingent on Draco's health. If he died, what would become of her? She trusted Narcissa's kindness in her current circumstances, but she wasn't certain how far it would extend. If she could no longer reside at Malfoy Manor, where would they send her? Would she go back to Auction? Pushing open the library doors, she brushed aside the fleeting, wistful hope that she'd find Draco at the stacks, turning to her and lifting a brow. Hands on her hips, standing before a vast library entirely at her disposal, Hermione prioritized. There was no precedent for the Auction that she was aware of, which meant it would be futile to research the kinds of rules they made for the death of a buyer. She filed that question away, unable to answer it. Horcruxes, tattoos, or suppressants. Which should she focus on today? A dark thought pressed over her as her eyes skimmed the stacks. Did any of this matter? They lost. You lost. Her lips pressed together. She took a deep breath. Magic suppression. That's what she'd look into today. Throwing caution to the wind, she turned to the library catalog and said, "Show me books on magic suppression." And then as an afterthought, "Please." An eerie shuffling sound from the stacks, and she eyed several books pulled from their homes and hovering in the aisles. "Right," she said. "Back to work." She studied well into the evening, spreading texts across the large table and scribbling notes. It might be the only time at the Manor she didn't have to worry about being caught, with all three Malfoys away. Figuring out the suppressant potion was an obvious choice for her. Having her magic back would make it easier to escape, once she'd found a way around the tattoos. And if she was caught, an academic curiosity about the suppressant potion wasn't something she would be killed over. Hopefully. There were several herbs and crushed stones that could ward off evil spirits, but she wouldn't know the exact combinations unless she could break it down in a potions laboratory. She'd need a vial of the minty potion. And a cauldron. Hermione wrote down and pocketed her list of ingredients. In the morning, she strode back to the kitchens. The elves looked up from their washing. Remmy almost rolled her eyes. "Miss is hungry?" "No, thank you." She smiled. "I was just hoping for a cup of tea?" Plumb jumped off of her stool wringing her hands. "Miss calls for Plumb? Plumb did not hear!" "No, no. I didn't call." She waved her hands, hoping to keep Plumb from banging the kettle over her head. "I was just going to visit, and ask for you to make it here." Where I can watch you. Plumb leapt to work, setting a fire under the kettle. "I'll just grab the sugar for you," she said, starting for the shelves. Wrenching the cabinets open, she searched for potion vials kept in handy locations for pouring into tea. "Miss not like how Plumb makes?" She turned to see a watery-eyed forty-six-year-old elf clasping her hands together. "Er, no. I was just going to help you!" She opened another cabinet, finding nothing incriminating. "Miss wants sugar? Not honey spoons?" Her hands froze. The honey. She turned to Plumb. Remmy stood right behind her with a shrewd twist to her lips. "I was thinking I might not have honey any longer," she tested, watching Remmy's expression. If they were instructed to give her honey, laced with the suppressant, then they might panic. "Miss hates honey?!" A tear fell down Plumb's trembling cheeks. "But Plumb is giving Miss honey for weeks!" Hermione's eyes widened, unprepared for house-elf dramatics. "No! No, I like honey. I like it very much!" Two more tears dropped from Plumb's violet eyes. "I makes honey tea for Miss and for Master Draco. Does Master Draco hate it too?" Hermione frowned. Draco. Yes. The suppressant wouldn't be in the honey. Unless there was a special jar just for her... "Might you have a different honey?" Hermione asked, mind working. "THE HONEY IS GONE BAD?" Remmy huffed and stepped forward, placing a calming hand on Plumb's heaving shoulder. "We has one honey. Plumb is giving three honey spoons to Miss and Master Draco. Does Miss want different?" Plumb was now sobbing uncontrollably into her hands. Guilt sank heavily in Hermione's stomach. She just couldn't win. She knelt down in front of the violet-eyed elf and gently pulled her waxy hands away from her blubbering face. "Plumb? I would very much like a cup of tea with three honey spoons. Might you be able to help me with that?" Plumb nodded so violently, her little ears flopped into Hermione's face. She ran for the kettle, and Hermione turned to a frowning Remmy. "Has there been any news on Master Dra— er, on Draco? Any word on when they are returning?" The frown melted off Remmy's face, and she too began to tremble with unshed tears. "No. Master Draco is very hurt." Hermione swallowed, feeling her pulse in her ears. "What happened? Did they say?" "No," Remmy said sadly, shaking her head. "We is just hearing from this." She gestured to the short counter, where Hermione was shocked to find a Daily Prophet. She approached, looking down on a picture of Dover Castle, burning to the ground. REBELLION SQUASHED AT DOVER by Rita Skeeter She snatched up the paper, eyes scanning, heart pounding. The Dark Lord is victorious again! A small rebellion broke out at Dover Castle on Monday evening led by insurgents and Old Order sympathizers. The rocky beach at Dover provided minor cover for the rebels as the Dark Lord's forces gathered and vanquished their foes. Hermione stumbled out of the kitchens, swallowing the information, and running for fresh air. She pushed through the front doors of the Manor, gasping at the morning breeze, and leaned back against the exterior wall. Her chest was tight, and her fingers trembled as she read on. There were limited casualties for the Death Eaters at Monday's skirmish, but considerable losses for the rebels who scrambled back to their hole in the ground, their tails between their legs. In the wake of the new Apparition/Land-Locked Legislation, the rebels — led by Undesirable No. 1, George Weasley — attempted to cross the Strait of Dover by boat, bypassing the Apparition line by non-magical means. Recently promoted General Lucius Malfoy was first on the scene, ruthlessly cutting off the boat supply and taking out several essential faces of the rebellion in the process, including elder brother to the rebellion leader, Charlie Weasley. Hermione tore her eyes off the words, her fingers crumpling the pages, trying to piece together her spiraling thoughts. Charlie was dead. Lucius had killed him. There were Apparition boundaries, limiting Apparition to inside the U.K. only. Although it was rare to Apparate across countries and large bodies of water, it wasn't unheard of. People with exceptionally powerful magic could manage it. But if there were actual magical limitations, that would make it incredibly difficult for people to get out. Was escape the plan for the remaining tatters of the Order? Not fighting? Were the other magical governments accepting refugees? What did M.A.C.U.S.A. have to say about all of this? They always had something to say… If Voldemort had landlocked the U.K., did that mean he had not branched out his rule? Recently promoted General Lucius Malfoy. George was Undesirable No. 1, and Lucius had killed Charlie Weasley. She braced her hand on the Manor's exterior wall, feeling breath pull sharply at her lungs. She'd had dinner with him only days ago. He'd followed her down a hill, and carried her in his arms like a child, back to safety. Charlie's handsome face beamed at her in her memories. She'd knelt to the ground at some point, her knees digging into the rough pebbles and stones. Focusing on the pain, she forced herself to breathe. How many others had died? The article only mentioned Charlie. And through it all, the words "limited casualties for the Death Eaters" ran across her eyes like a snagged film strip. Was Draco one of the "limited casualties?" She took a ragged breath and pressed her face to the sky, letting the sun's rays melt through her cold panic. A few moments later, a cup of tea appeared next to her, steaming. She sat and sipped, fingers trembling, watching the sun crawl toward the treetops. Beneath her shock and pain, beyond her fear and uncertainty, she pulled one thought forward and focused her anger towards it. Rita Fucking Skeeter was alive and well and writing for the Prophet. She explored the grounds for the rest of the day. Pacing and meditation failed to banish the horrified dread in her stomach, so she found the boundary again, reaching her arm out to test the tattoo. It shocked her—unpleasant but not truly painful. Walking the perimeter, she kept trying her arm on different spots until her fingers went numb, and all her racing thoughts were forgotten. The same barrier she'd fallen through weeks ago had permitted her legs, head, and other arm, but not her tattooed arm. It was safe to say that she could cut off her arm and probably make it out alive. Not that the Malfoys had any instrument that could help her with that. It was evening when she finally retired to the east wing, tiptoeing around corners, always keeping an eye out for intruders or residents. They had told her that Bellatrix was barred from the estate, but what did that mean exactly? Was she verbally barred? Or magically? Without a Malfoy on the grounds, would she have access? The thought of Bellatrix returning for her froze her in her tracks. Draco wouldn't come running for her this time. In his trunks and socks, she smiled, and the knot in her stomach loosened. She paused, looking to the door at the top of the stairs in her hallway. She'd never considered where Draco's bedroom was, simply happy to not be dragged into it and pinned to the bed for her first weeks. But if he'd been ready for bed when he heard her scream, certainly his room was nearby. She'd already searched the rooms on this floor and hadn't found one that looked like it belonged to Draco Malfoy. Maybe she had to be looking for it. Her hand reached for the first door handle, but she paused. Narcissa had told her that the Manor was open to her; she just needed to be respectful of the personal quarters. But Narcissa wasn't here. And Hermione needed to remember that she was a prisoner of war in a house guest's clothing. She tried the door, the knob turning under her fingers. A clean and uninhabited guest room, smaller than her own. She'd found this one already, and had already inspected for weapons and exits. She checked every room on the floor, finding nothing. Frowning at her own door several paces away, she considered if Draco had just been passing through that night. If perhaps he'd thought to come to check on her. Sighing and resigning herself to searching the other wings of the Manor in the morning, she turned to go to bed, passing a carved wooden door next to hers. Something flashed, catching the light, and she stumbled to a halt, turning to see a dragon with an emerald eye winking at her. She blinked back at it. That door hadn't been there yesterday when she'd looked. And she had been positive she'd checked the rooms next to hers just minutes ago. A Notice-Me-Not Charm. She wouldn't have found this door unless she was looking for it, or already knew where it was. Her fingers found the cool brass doorknob, turning. The dragon stared at her. This was undoubtedly Draco Malfoy's bedroom. There would be no arguing that. Greens and greys and silvers. A Slytherin crest on the wall across from her. A dark-wooden four-poster bed with green canopy curtains hanging down. Bookshelves, though not as many as in her room. Staring from the doorway, Hermione realized that her room was larger than this. Although Draco's room was the corner suite, hers seemed like two smaller rooms had been combined. The doors to his balcony beckoned her, and she crossed in long strides, pushing the doors open and stepping into the cool night air. No barrier. Not that it mattered. She wouldn't throw herself off a three-story balcony, and she didn't need to climb down to escape — she could walk out the front door. She moved to the edge of the balcony, hands on the stone railing, and leaned over to see the grass and greenery in the moonlight. When he returned, she would ask him nicely about the access to her balcony. It was lovely in the moonlight. If he returned. Her chest tightened, and she swallowed. Turning to look at her own balcony, she realized just how close the railing was to her own. Just how close his bedroom was to her own. That Draco Malfoy had set her up in a suite as close as physically possible to him, and yet had not laid a finger on her in malice. Why? She moved into the bedroom again, turning her attention to the shelves, to the trinkets, searching for answers. There was a carved statue of a dragon next to a framed photograph of Draco with Crabbe and Goyle. Neither item gave her any information. Sliding closer to the bed curtains, she gave in to the urge to drag her fingers across the fabric. The bed was made, but something told her that it wasn't the elves who took care of the tidiness. She pulled open the drawers in his bedside table, finding nothing but chocolates, spare parchment, a handkerchief, and a few trinkets. The bookshelf near his bed was filled with familiar titles, and she let her hands drift along the books he kept close to him, noticing a conspicuous hole where seven books would fit perfectly… The bathroom had a similar tub to her own, tidy counters, and a mirror she could imagine him in, sweeping his hair back with gel or deciding to let it loose. After half a second's hesitation, she opened the drawers, finding that exact gel and the comb to go with it. She examined his products, some with expensive-sounding French names. She could imagine him here, stepping out of the tub, wrapped up in luscious towels, taking care of his fair skin with the creams and products in the drawers. Her smile faded in the mirror as she wondered if he would ever complete those rituals again. Stumbling from the bathroom, she shook her head, choking back the fear and uncertainty. The flames burned low in his fireplace, and she spent a few moments looking for the Floo Powder before giving up, not sure if her tattoo would even let her leave by fireplace. She pulled open the closet doors, finding a vast space for all of Draco Malfoy's blacks, greys, and cobalts. A smirk pulled at her lips as she ran her fingers over the shirts, wondering what he'd look like in pink and orange. He had spare Death Eater robes hung across from his old Hogwarts uniform. She checked the pockets for anything interesting and found nothing. Although rifling through his drawers was a clear breach of privacy, and expressly against what Narcissa had requested of her, she had bigger issues to worry about. She shoved aside her guilt and pulled open the next drawer. Laid on top of other greys and blacks was the blue jumper he'd worn weeks ago while sipping on cold tea in her bedroom, as she recovered from her electrocution. It was soft. She pulled open the drawers against the wall and blushed to find his trunks. Black. Of course. The next drawer was filled with socks. An inordinate amount of socks. She rolled her eyes. The bottom drawer had extra blankets and a black shoebox. She pried the top open and found her own face staring back at her. Her fingers froze. Her heart seized. A cold chill ran across her shoulders and down her back. MUGGLE-BORNS WANTED FOR INTERROGATION It was the article printed when she was on the run last year, marking her as a priority for the Muggle-Born Registration Commission. She watched her image turn, an old picture they'd used from the night at the Department of Mysteries once the press had arrived. She was covered in blood, sweat, and dirt. She looked feral. Her head spun, and she centered herself. There was a drawer in Draco Malfoy's bedroom that contained a shoebox. Inside that shoebox was a picture of her. She squeezed the lid of the box between her fingers, trying to make sense of it. Other scraps of paper lay beneath. Her shaking hand reached. "Miss needs something?" Jumping, smacking her head on the top of the dresser, she turned to see a portly male elf in the closet doorway holding linens. "Er, no, I was just…" she stammered, swiftly closing the box and drawer. The elf stared at her, waiting for an answer. Hermione focused on the bedsheets. "Are they home?" The chubby little elf looked down sadly. "No. Mippy asks Boppy to bring fresh sheets." She stood. "Is Mippy here?" Boppy shook his head again. "Just calls for Boppy." "Did you see them?" she asked, suddenly desperate. "Was he recovering? Or—?" "Boppy only sees Mippy. Master and Missus is behind a door." "What door? Where?" He stared up at her, eyes watering. "Boppy is not to say. Boppy is just to change sheets." Shifting on his feet in his little pillowcase, he said, "Miss needs help with something?" Hermione pressed her lips together, mind spinning with all the new information. "No, no. I'll just… head back to mine. My room, that is." She forced a smile at Boppy as she exited, turning left and falling into her bedroom to lean back on the door. It was larger than Draco's. She followed the frame separating her sleeping area from her living space. These had been two rooms, and someone had knocked down the wall between. She blinked, rearranging the ideas in her mind. There was a drawer in Draco Malfoy's bedroom that contained a shoebox. Inside that shoebox was a picture of her. A newspaper article, she corrected. From almost a year ago. Marking her as a wanted woman. Combing her mind for what she remembered of that article, she looked out the large windows to the pond. Lupin had told them about the Muggle-Born Registration Commission last year, before they went Horcrux hunting. This article had announced her importance. It had told the world that she was wanted — that whoever procured her would be held in high regard, possibly even paid handsomely. And Draco Malfoy had a copy of it hidden away in his room, in a location one would keep trinkets or fond old memories. She felt the cool wood of the door against her back, her heated skin calming. Counting her fingers, counting her breaths, counting the trees she could see in the distance. She pushed aside the anxiety of being caught snooping. She pushed aside the concern over a door beyond which Narcissa and Lucius were standing guard over their son. She pushed aside the feeling of familiarity. The memory of cutting out an article in the Prophet featuring his smirk and grey eyes, bright in the black and white print, and tucking it into her Hogwarts trunk. Because this was war. And war had no room for her childish fantasies. So, what would the Malfoys gain by buying her at the Auction? She was valuable, of course. To both sides and for different reasons. Her purpose had been served for the Death Eaters: entertainment, humiliation, a symbol of hope reduced to a whore. But to the Order… she still was incredibly valuable. Was it possible the Malfoys were prepared to play both sides of this war? Narcissa's kindness, Lucius' information, Draco's concern for her. They wanted her to learn Occlumency. They wanted her alive, unharmed, and untouched. They wanted her to play a part when Voldemort visited. But they weren't playing both sides, she reminded herself. Lucius Malfoy had just killed dozens at Dover Castle, including Charlie. Shaking her head, and knocking her skull back against the door, she refocused. She tried to think how Lucius Malfoy thinks. If the Death Eaters fell, and the Order rose up again, would she be expected to testify to their treatment of her? Her face in print, tucked away into a drawer, like it was a prized possession. Even now, she was tucked away in a suite in a fortress, safe as a picture in a drawer. She settled on one thought, boiling away all other concerns about magical suppressants and tattoos and Horcruxes until the crucible bubbled, and the new questions wafted up from the cauldron of her mind. How long had the Malfoys been planning for her? And what did they expect her to do for them? The next morning, Draco's door was locked. She rolled her eyes. "Of course," she whispered to herself. She wondered if Boppy even needed to bring fresh linens. Every day for the rest of the week, she tried Draco's door. When it didn't budge, she wandered downstairs to try Lucius' study. She looked for Lucius and Narcissa's bedroom in the other wing, but she felt less inclined to intrude upon Narcissa's personal space. She threw caution to the wind on the seventh day of their absence and began to reread the Horcrux book. There was nothing new. She now knew all the facets of making Horcruxes, but destroying them still yielded the same answers. At night, when her thoughts would drift to Charlie or Draco, she'd recite the steps in her mind until she fell asleep. The water imagery in the Occlumency book encouraged her to examine the pond on the Malfoy estate more. Think of a lake with still waters. After a week of standing at her windows staring down at the pond, she finally wrapped herself against the afternoon wind, and crossed the grounds to the grassy shore. She plopped herself down in the grass, dropping several books next to her. Gazing at the water's surface, Hermione blocked the sounds and smells around her, focusing on her sight only. The peacocks broke her concentration as they cawed for her attention. She jumped, turning to see one several paces from her, eyeing her with a twitching head. "Am I on your turf?" she said with a smile. He tilted his head at her and then wandered down to the water, dipping his head to drink. She watched the two others slip down the bank, shuffling closer to her. Just like a Malfoy man, she thought. Ruining her concentration and drawing her focus to him. She took her books, leaving the shore for the peacocks, and circled the perimeter of the gazebo. It was as large as her childhood bedroom, if not larger. Roman marble pillars supported a dome of intricately designed glass and iron, magic-made if she had to guess. Ascending the stairs, she perched on a bench looking out over the water and opened Undesirable No. 3, the third in the series. She'd decided to give herself a break from her usual reading today. The pages fell open to her bookmark, but she stared out at the pond. Think of a lake with still waters. A breeze kissed the surface, rippling the water. Hermione focused on the depths below, still not visible even after the intrusion. The sun dipped lower as she meditated, her fingers tucked in the pages, and her thoughts far away. "You've mastered meditation, I see." She blinked at the pond, the voice beckoning her mind forward. Turning, she found Draco standing in the middle of the gazebo staring at her. She stumbled to her feet, the Gainsworth book falling from her lap. A flurry of movement as she retrieved it and he stepped forward. Standing tall again, the book held tightly in her hands, she met his eyes. "You're back." "Yes, just twenty minutes ago." Her eyes scanned him. Not in his Death Eater robes. Comfortable trousers and a buttoned shirt. Not a hair out of place. Not a scratch or tremor or bloody stain. But his left arm—he held it across his stomach as if it was in a sling. "Your arm." She stepped toward him and stopped. She watched his throat bob. "What happened to it?" "An injury," he said quickly. "I apologize you were left alone—" "What kind of injury." He looked down at his shoulder. "An Acid Hex that turned inward. My bones needed to be regrown. I'm almost healed. I just shouldn't use my arm for a few more days." An Acid Hex. Hermione swallowed, visualizing how close it might have come to his heart. And then she remembered Dover. And the people his father had killed. She closed down her concern and joy at seeing him alive. "Did it happen at Dover?" His eyes snapped up from the path they were taking over her clavicles. He examined her, and then it seemed to dawn on him. "Is Miss Skeeter printing again?" "Yes," she snapped. "It was the most information I've received in weeks." He lifted a brow at her. "I'm sure half of it was true. Probably only a quarter now that the Dark Lord is breathing down her neck." "So is it true that Charlie Weasley is dead?" She could hear the blood rushing through her ears. "Or is that a lie too?" "He's dead." The answer was swift and merciless. His eyes were cold. A heavy weight settled in her chest. "And your father killed him?" "This is a war, Granger." He stepped closer to her, and she noticed that he wobbled on his left leg. "Or have you forgotten?" "The war is won," she hissed. "You won. But of course, you won't stop until every last one of us is dead or in chains." "Right. Let me just call off my armies, Granger." He shook his head at her, scowling. "Did you really think the Dark Lord was going to allow anyone to escape the U.K.?" "Yes, how silly of me," she mocked. "You're not in charge of anything. Least of all your own actions." "How in Merlin's name is this my fault? It was my father who sent the Killing Curse—" "Just because a few people were trying to escape—" "No, to kill the man who'd tried to murder his son." Hermione's lips opened. And closed. Charlie Weasley had sent a deadly Acid Curse? "He wouldn't do that," she said, but she could hear her voice tremble. "You don't know him anymore." Draco sneered at her. "You don't know any of them. I've never seen so much dark magic. Not even at the Battle of Hogwarts." She swallowed, feeling her stomach churn and tumble as her fingers dug into the spine of her book. She felt a desperate need to turn the conversation away. "And how many people did you kill at Dover Castle?" "You'll be glad to hear that I only sent off a Jelly-Legs Jinx before I was hit." He frowned at her and shifted on his feet. "I'll be glad that you didn't have the chance to increase your death toll?" she said. "Like that's some kind of accomplishment?" "I've only killed one person," he snarled. "It was at the Final Battle." She blinked at him, taking in the information before hardening again. "And how did it feel? Throwing Killing Curses at your classmates and teachers?" He sneered at her. "I'm surprised your lips are moving at all, Granger, when it's clear you're talking out of your arse." His eyes burned into her, and she huffed in frustration. "Please enlighten me, Malfoy. If there are so many things I'm unaware of—" He stepped into her, eyes flashing, breath puffing on her face. "I sliced Thorfinn Rowle in half and watched him bleed out at my feet. I made sure my face was the last thing he saw." His chest heaved, and a breeze whipped between them. Her eyes locked onto his, unblinking. "And I'd do it again," he said. The heat unfurling from him was palpable, and she could taste the darkness he spat at her. "Why?" Her voice cracked. He wet his lips, and his eyes cast about her face before he replied, "He posed a threat to me." Her mind spun with the possibilities. If he had been willing to kill a fellow Death Eater, what did that mean? Was he not as entrenched as she'd assumed—or was he more ruthless than she'd allowed herself to imagine? Or had it simply been self-preservation, an infamous Malfoy trait? "Any other questions, Granger?" he said sarcastically, but it was a whisper in the space between them. Millions, actually. "What would have happened to me if you died?" she asked, watching his brows furrow, and his eyes clear. "Would I have gone back to Auction?" His face twitched violently, like he'd been slapped. He stepped back from her, eyes tracing her from top to bottom, and he exhaled sharply. Blinking, his mask fell back into place. "My mother would have taken care of you—" "Why would your grieving mother spare a thought for me?" She lifted a brow at him, waiting for him to confirm her best theory. To admit that she was a pawn. Insurance. He swallowed. "She wouldn't have let you go back to Auction." But he didn't sound convinced. He looked over her shoulder at the pond, and her confidence faltered. "Would I have been returned to Dolohov?" His head snapped back to her, and his eyes turned hard as stone. "No. He has no claim on you any longer." She felt a chill across her shoulders, and the same darkness rolled off of him again. "You don't need to worry about Dolohov." She looked up into his dark eyes, searching for the source of it all. "What did you give him in exchange for me?" His jaw tightened. The pull she felt for him, like a string vibrating, tugged as she waited for him to tell her the truth or a lie. "The one thing he wanted more than you." Her heart pounded and her breath left her as her mind worked through all the possibilities. "Why? Why buy me? Why bid on me?" He took a breath, and she prepared herself for the range of answers he could give. She thought of her face in his drawer, her bedroom close to his, the way he sucked poison out of her arm. She thought of the esteem she brought the Malfoy family, the way Voldemort had cackled when Draco boasted about the money spent to obtain her. But she thought about the answer she most hoped to hear, even for all of her logic, as his eyes turned to a spot over her shoulder and his lips pressed tight together. "It was the right thing to do," he said. His grey eyes slid over to her, and she studied them as the words swirled inside her ears and her chest. That wasn't an answer. Another evasion. She clenched her jaw. "When have you ever been concerned with doing the right thing?" His left eye twitched, but the rest of him was still. "What kind of answer would you prefer, Granger?" "I'd prefer the truth, but I don't assume I'll get that from you anytime soon." She grabbed for her extra books on the bench, and marched past him. She was boiling, just reaching the steps of the gazebo before she heard, "Granger—" Spinning back to him, she growled, "Doing the right thing, Malfoy, would have been coming to the Order in sixth year." His jaw snapped shut, and his eyes turned to stone. "Doing the right thing would have been standing up to your father at any of the millions of times he's done evil in the name of that monster." She felt a crackling through her veins. She stepped toward him again, watching him breathe deeply through his nose. "The right thing would have been stopping the Auction from taking place altogether, or helping us escape, or buying Luna—" Her voice cracked, and she swallowed. He lifted a brow, and the haughty look he sent her sizzled her nerve endings, firing up her blood. "But if I'd fallen on my sword, Granger," he mocked, "who would have set you up in a private suite?" He prowled forward, his injured arm hanging uselessly across his chest. She felt her skin buzzing. "Who would allow you privacy, and fetch your books, and feed you pumpkin soup—" "I didn't ask for any of this, Malfoy—" "—certainly not Dolohov." Her lips curled back, baring her teeth at him. "Is it gratitude, you're looking for? You want me to say 'thank you?'" "It'd be a fucking start." She felt his breath on her face. He glared down at her, his eyes flashing. Her fingers itched to hit him, to push him back. She was shaking with it. "I won't say thank you for something so selfishly motivated. Clearly, nothing you've done has been for the greater good if you need validation for it." "You wanna see 'selfishly motivated?'" His eyes dragged cruelly over her lips and shoulders, down to her chest. "We could always take that suite away from you. I heard you found my bedroom, Granger. Want to spend more time there?" She vibrated with the need to hurt him. It shook her every muscle until her hands fisted, determined not to raise a hand to her captor, and the energy punched its way down her legs. Ready to snap back at him, she stomped her foot on the ground, freeing the electricity— Draco jerked back, flying through the air as if on a string, his lips parted in a silent gasp. His body slammed against the wall of the gazebo with a crunch, and he crumpled to the ground. Hermione stood, mouth wide and eyes popping, looking for the source of the magic. Looking for the reason… Her fingers shook, life sparking in them. Her magic. She wasn't suppressed. Never? Or just since the Malfoys left? Her eyes snapped back to Draco, curled in on himself, wheezing. "Draco, I…" she stammered, "I didn't mean to—" He gasped a rattle. His eyes pale, and his skin grey. His injured arm still held across his chest, leaning back against the wall, but his entire left shoulder seemed disfigured. My bones needed to be regrown, he'd said. She was running to his side before she could command her feet. Dropping to her knees, her hands reached for him, stopping short when she didn't know where to touch him. His head turned away from her, eyes squeezing shut. A tear dripping out of his closed eye. He wheezed. "Draco, can you"—her voice shook and fingers trembled—"Can you stand?" He coughed, and blood sprayed from his lips onto the gazebo floor. Her head whipped to the Manor. "Help!" A wet chuckle turned her back to his ashen face. His glazed eyes were on hers, and he smiled ruefully. "I always knew you'd kill me one day, Granger," he rasped. His voice was hollow. And his head lolled as he smiled at her again. She pressed her hand to support his jaw and screamed, "MIPPY!" A pop behind her. "Master Draco!" "I-it was an accident, I—" she couldn't breathe, she couldn't breathe— "I think his new bones are broken. His—his lungs are punctured, and—" A small hand reached for Draco's sleeve, and suddenly he was gone, only the drops of his blood left behind. She was alone in the gazebo. She was alone, and she'd hurt him. Spinning, she looked to his bedroom window—the corner bedroom on the third floor. The candles were lit inside. She grabbed up the books she'd dropped and ran. Her legs carried her through the gardens and up the stairs to the entrance. The marble stairs clicked under her feet as she ran up the stairs to their shared wing, barrelling toward the door with the dragon carving. The door handle didn't turn. She had to see him. Fix what she'd done. She stood there, panting, staring at the emerald eye. Reaching her arm out, she imitated the Alohomora wand movements and whispered the spell. Nothing. The clicking of footsteps on marble, and she turned to see a harried Narcissa rushing towards her. "Hello, dear," she clipped. "We'll have tea later, yes?" And then Narcissa was opening the door and slipping inside with a hissed, "I told you it was too soon, Draco," before Hermione could blink. The door shut, and Hermione startled. She tried the handle again. Locked. Of course they wouldn't want her inside. She was dangerous. Unstable. She blinked, vision blurring, pressing her ear against the door and waiting for some kind of sound, an indication of what was going on inside. Some kind of reassurance. The door opened, and she almost fell into the chest of Lucius Malfoy. She scrambled back, looking up into the face of the man that had killed Charlie Weasley and countless others, feeling like a guilty child. "You stupid girl," he snarled at her. His anger froze her, and she breathed, "It was an accident. I—" Draco screamed beyond the cracked door, and she shuddered, craning her neck to see into the room. Lucius slid in front of her and shoved his finger in her face. "You hurt my son again, and I'll drag you to the dungeons myself." He drew himself up, towering over her. "Control your magic," he hissed. "Or I'll take it from you." He spun on his heel and disappeared into Draco's bedroom. The door slammed, and she listened to the echo of it bounce amongst the portraits, their whispers and sobs slithering through her mind. She walked back to her room, closed the door, and slid down to the floor. Deep breaths, one after another, until her shoulders stopped shaking and the image of Draco behind her eyelids vanished. She uncurled her fingers, the nails digging into her palms. There was a new puzzle to solve. She had magic. And the Malfoys knew she did. And they didn't care. How did that factor into her latest theories? She stared blankly at the wall that connected her room to Draco's, the fireplace burning merrily, and wondered if her circumstances were better or worse with the Malfoys' return. . . Updates on Sundays. Find me on Twitter, Tumblr, and Pinterest as LovesBitca8. Facebook group for The Auction: Tea & Honey. Come discuss these socks with us...
A/N: IMPORTANT NOTE - If you have triggers, please see the end of this chapter for a list of TRIGGER WARNINGS for this chapter. Due to some real life writing projects, I need to take the end of September off unfortunately. Chapter 13 will post next Sunday, but Chapter 14 won't post until Oct 6. Thanks to SaintDionysus and raven_maiden. Waiting for Draco to recover from his injuries was somehow even more agonizing when they were only separated by a wall. She suspected his condition was serious, but not critical. Narcissa and Mippy kept a near-constant vigil in his room, but Lucius was nowhere to be found, apparently traveling again. Hermione left the door to her suite cracked so she could hear the comings and goings in their shared hallways. Whenever Narcissa's delicate footsteps clicked toward his room, she'd place her ear to her door and hope to hear some muttered conversation as she entered. Once the footsteps trailed away from Draco's room and down the stairs, she'd creep to his door and stand there until the dragon's mocking green eye forced her hand. But every time she tried the door herself, it wouldn't budge. She attempted to open it with magic on several occasions, but without success. She wasn't sure if it was because she was wandless or if there was more than a simple locking charm, in which case Alohomora wouldn't work even if she had a wand. One the second day, she snuck down to the kitchens and shuffled around until she located several old Daily Prophets stacked in the corner. Snatching a few with recent dates, she rushed upstairs, tucking the papers under her jumper and running back to her room. Once she'd locked the door behind her, she sunk to the floor and began to read. Headline after headline of rebellions being squashed by the Great Order — the name given to the new regime. It felt like a slap in the face to the Order of the Phoenix, to be erased in such a way and written over. Rita Skeeter certainly had a way with words. Hermione knew this from growing up with the woman "buzzing" around her, but it was only her familiarity with Skeeter that allowed her to read between the lines. The words "small rebellion" and "dozens of casualties" appeared together several times, making Hermione question the actual numbers Skeeter was reporting. Also, she found several articles that referenced back to the Dover Castle Massacre instead of focusing on the details of the skirmishes published, as if the outcomes were never as positive for the Great Order as they were at Dover. The most interesting piece of information she was able to glean from the articles came in a brief mention of an attack in London three days before the Malfoys returned: A Muggle cafe was brutally attacked last night by Undesirable No. 1 and 2, George Weasley and Angelina Johnson. The Dark Lord's forces were drawn to the cafe from a sighting report, and proceeded to engage in combat with the two criminals. The skirmish left several Muggles dead or wounded, proving once again that the rebels care little about the lives of the very population they claim to be defending. (Turn to pg. 3 for a full listing of the Undesirables.) Hermione's eyes narrowed at the words on the page, taking note of the obvious lies and omissions to suss out the truth. The article didn't mention anything about George and Angelina's capture or death. And there was no way they had purposefully killed Muggles at the cafe. Her breath hitched at the reference to a list of wanted rebels. She flipped to page three, and found half the page taken up by George Weasley's face, grinning in a flamboyant suit, the sign for Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes dipping into the top of the frame. Below the fold, Angelina Johnson stared up at her, wearing her Gryffindor Quidditch uniform. Taking a deep breath, she realized that if Angelina was on the run, then she was the prisoner that had escaped Macnair's estate, not Ron. Hermione dropped her eyes to Angelina's description, and saw "Wanted for the Murder of Walden Macnair" among her list of crimes, confirming her suspicions. So where was Ron? Had he not been at the Macnair estate when George came for Angelina? She remembered what Draco had said about Voldemort "requesting" him shortly after the Auction. A pale chill of dread shuddered her. She forced herself to focus and continue reading Angelina's physical description. Under her height and skin color, it said, "missing left forearm." She pressed her eyes closed, sucking in a short breath. She had been right. If she cut off her arm, she could get around the tattoo. Hermione tried to imagine it. Tried to think of George and Angelina at the boundary line of some gothic structure, staring at each other until Angelina gave him the go ahead to mutilate her. They would have killed Macnair first, thinking that would do it—that Angelina would be free if her master was dead. They at least had wands. Hermione considered her own options. Steal a kitchen knife and hack her way through her own flesh and bone. Or steal a wand from one of her three jailors, and slice it off with a firm voice. Either of these options were possible—horrible, but possible. But were they necessary? More importantly, were they wise? Where would she go—armless and bleeding? She could look it up, of course, but she had no training on how to treat an amputated limb, and it could be risky with an unfamiliar wand. If it got infected, she might not be in a state to heal herself. The Order likely had a safehouse and supplies somewhere, but how would she find them? Surely there had to be another way around the tattoos that didn't involve putting herself in such a vulnerable position. Hermione placed the information on a shelf in her mind — an Occlumency trick briefly mentioned in her textbook. Ever since learning that she had her magic flowing through her veins, Hermione had begun pushing the boundaries of her Occlumency skills. (She suspected that was the point of them letting her keep her magic in the first place.) The more she experimented, the more it felt as though there were shelves now in her mind—places she could put things, and not think about again until she chose to. She was practicing the technique in her armchair one afternoon when a knock rapped on her door. She stood, stuffing the advanced book under the cushion, and rushed for her door. Narcissa stood on the other side with a soft smile and folded hands. Hermione forced a polite smile, pushing away her disappointment. Of course. It was unlikely he would be standing, much less visiting. "Hello, dear," Narcissa said. "It's certainly been a while since I've come to see you. I apologize that you were left—" "I'm so sorry, Narcissa," Hermione said, words pouring out of her. "I swear I didn't mean to cause him any harm. I had—I had no idea that… that I had magic, and I was angry and—and it just happened. Believe me—I wish I could take it back." Narcissa blinked down at her, lips twitching. "Thank you, Hermione. But I think you are apologizing to the wrong person." "His door is locked." She shut her jaw with a click, regretting speaking so quickly. "I mean to say, he… he doesn't want to see me." Something sparkled in Narcissa's eyes, and Hermione felt her face heat. "Or, he's resting, I'm sure." "Resting, certainly. It's been a trying few weeks for him. For the whole family, really." Hermione nodded at her feet. "Er—would you like to come in?" "That would be lovely," said Narcissa. She stumbled into her chair, fidgeting as Narcissa fluttered into hers. "How is he? What—" She jumped, distracted by the two teacups that had just appeared at the small table between them. Narcissa gave her a tense smile and hummed into her teacup. "His ribcage needed to be regrown, but aside from that, he's been in good condition." Hermione felt her tongue stick to the roof of her mouth. Her vision blurred, and she blinked away the shapes. Remembering his body on the gazebo floor, the way his torso had slammed against the pillar… She'd done that. She'd broken countless bones in his body, puncturing his lungs. And then she'd fumbled over him for what felt like hours instead of calling for Mippy immediately. Hermione's lip trembled. A cool hand with soft skin dropped over hers, and she looked up to see Narcissa leaning close to her. "Don't fret, dear. He's healing as we speak." She settled back in her chair and said, "And if I know my son, I know he probably deserved at least a slap across his mouth." She smiled at Hermione and sipped her tea. They found conversation to steer away from Draco's health or the Battle at Dover that had injured him originally. All Narcissa revealed about the incident was that they had stayed in a cottage on the outskirts of the remains of the castle while Draco recovered, and that Lucius was traveling, as she'd suspected. Hermione had no desire to press her on either topic. She hadn't seen Lucius since he'd wagged his finger in her face and threatened her, and she was glad for it. Recently promoted General Lucius Malfoy. She swallowed her fears about what his absence might mean for her friends. As Narcissa stood to leave, she said, "I heard you've taken an interest in the papers." Heat bloomed in her cheeks. Hermione held her breath, waiting to be chastised. Instead Narcissa produced a copy of that day's Prophet from her robes, with a smile. Hermione couldn't help but return it. "Thank you, Narcissa." Once she was alone, she flipped open the pages, finding another small attack in York the day before. The author claimed George and Angelina had been involved again. Hermione frowned, trying to piece together the places they were supposedly choosing, but couldn't find any commonalities. She turned to page three for the list of Undesirables, and was shocked to see Katie Bell added to the list, just underneath Bill and Fleur Weasley. Hermione tried to remember Katie from the Ministry holding cells. She hadn't been there. Had Katie gotten away at the Final Battle? Who else had escaped? She pondered the information, rereading the front page article for hints and subtext. Her eyes blinked quickly at the date. It had already been one month since the Battle of Hogwarts. A weight dropped over her as she realized that today was June 4. She burrowed even further into her chair, awash with shame that Draco would be still mending broken bones on his birthday. The next day, she wandered the library, bravely pulling the Horcrux text down and reading it for the thousandth time. She looked up Fiendfyre again. She looked into Basilisk venom. She found nothing else useful. When she climbed the stairs back to her room, she thought she'd try Draco's door again. She'd forgotten to try it on her way down to the library, even though it was a force of habit by now— The handle turned. She pushed open the door and entered the room before it barred her. Knocking hadn't even occurred to her. She shut the door swiftly once she was through. "Granger?" He laid against his pillows looking deathly pale. When her eyes met his, he began shifting, attempting to sit up, possibly saving his dignity. "Don't," she cautioned, moving toward the bed. "Don't injure yourself further. I'll be quick." She wrung her hands. "I'm sorry. I'm very, very sorry, Malfoy." His eyes grew wide, and the color returned to his cheeks as she came closer. "I had no idea that my magic wasn't being suppressed. I thought—I thought I was being given the potion—which, actually, I'd like to ask about, but—no, another time." She was stammering and she felt a blush rise from her chest. He pushed his limp hair off of his forehead, raking his fingers through it. "I would never have—have injured you further on purpose. I promise that wasn't my—" She swallowed. "I mean to say, I was just very angry, and I felt out of control—" "Granger—" "Please let me finish." She stepped forward again, and for a wild moment she thought about taking his hand, sitting at the edge of his bed— "It was unintentional. And—and of course I don't blame you for what happened at Dover. I disapprove of your fath—your family's position in the war, but I'm aware that things could be much worse for me. I know you're just doing your best—" "Granger, we have company." She froze, heart stopping. Spinning to the other side of the room, she found Blaise Zabini reclining comfortably in Draco's wingback chair, sipping merrily from a glass and smirking. "Granger. So good of you to drop by." Her lips parted uselessly, staring into Zabini's dark eyes as he smacked his lips, drinking in the brandy and the show. "Zabini," she said cautiously. She calculated all the words she'd just said aloud, combing them for mistakes and terms too intimate. Of course he was here. It was Draco's birthday, wasn't it? She looked back to him, a strained look on his pale features, and she felt so foolish for rushing in here, for forgetting everything she'd worked so hard to compartmentalize and hide. The anticipation of seeing him again had been too great, and the need to apologize had overwhelmed her logic. A noisy sipping from the armchair, and Blaise smiled at her over his glass once her attention returned to him. "Granger, pull up a chair. Let's catch up." He crossed one leg over the other, and his eyes sparkled. She gaped at him, blinking quickly before closing down her features and centering her mind. "I've just come to... to clear the air. About… something." She glanced to Draco quickly, seeing him sitting up in bed as much as he could, leaning slightly to his right. "And—and I have… so… Enjoy your visit," she said, nodding to Zabini. She hurried to the door, pulling it open, and in a moment of sheer impulse, tossed back over her shoulder, "Happy birthday, Draco," before sliding through and shutting the door behind her. Her fingers shook. She'd called him Draco. She'd wished him a happy birthday. Which implied that she knew his birthday. Hermione groaned, running her fingers through her hair and tugging at the roots as she stomped back to her own room. She was still blushing when she got out of the shower an hour later, having allowed her mind to concoct all the different ways Blaise Zabini and Draco Malfoy might have reacted to her flustered intrusion and intimate birthday sentiments. Sighing, she placed her embarrassment onto a shelf in her mind, putting it away for now. She slipped on her bathrobe and tossed her wet hair up in a knot, exiting to her bedroom. Blaise Zabini sat in her armchair, flipping through one of her books, sipping on her afternoon tea. He smiled at her from across the room, eyes slipping down to her bare legs before returning to her face. "The water temperature is decadent, isn't it?" Hermione pulled tightly at her bathrobe, feeling her heart pound in her fingertips. She knew little of Zabini at school, only that he had been an absolute cad from fifth year onwards. She hadn't seen him at the Battle of Hogwarts — something that neither earned nor lost him points in her book. "How did you get in here?" Her voice was stronger than she felt. He waved his hand. "Yes, it was quite difficult to find, actually. Notice-Me-Nots and the like." He crossed his legs and smirked. "But I knew it would be close." "No. How did you get in?" she demanded. "There are supposed to be… Blood Boundaries, or…" She didn't know. She just knew that Draco changed the spells after Bellatrix. "Ah, yes," he said, placing his teacup — her teacup, really — on the side table. "That did take a few tries. I had to convince the room that I wasn't here to cause harm to the occupant." Her relief sharpened into irritation when his eyes dripped down to her legs again. "If you keep looking at me like that, hopefully the room will see fit to eject you. Violently." His eyes sparkled. "Oh, no, no. My thoughts are of nothing but mutual pleasure, Granger. Rest assured." She bristled, then rolled her eyes. "Wonderful. I'll sleep easier now. Look, Zabini, thanks for dropping by, but—" "This doesn't look like a sex dungeon at all, really." He stood, straightening his unwrinkled robes, and taking in the suite. "I'm quite disappointed." She stared at him incredulously. "A sex dungeon," she snorted. "And where did you get that idea?" He turned to look at her from where he'd just parted her curtains to examine the grounds. "Draco." She blinked, mind twisting to work through it. But of course Draco would be keeping up the ruse around his friends. She could only hope she hadn't ruined everything earlier. He continued, "He's been quite cagey about you, but he managed to tell us a bit about how you've been occupied." "My ropes and chains are in the closet," she deadpanned. "Who is 'us,' exactly?" Blaise wandered towards her bookshelves. "The boys." His fingers drifted over the titles. "At our gatherings." He eyed her, his features giving away nothing. "Gatherings." She tested the word on her tongue. "Death Eater meetings, you mean?" "Not all of us are Death Eaters." They stared at each other. And Hermione considered her next move carefully. "Where is Pansy," she asked. His dark eyes danced over her face, pausing and thinking. "Dead." Hermione felt the wind knocked out of her. She resisted the need to lean on something. Her fingers tightened in her robe. Her mind worked. The last time she'd seen Pansy, she'd been running into Blaise's waiting arms… as he rescued her. Her eyes dug into him. "Why?" "For disloyalty to the Dark Lord," he responded smoothly. Too smoothly. "You're lying." Blaise paused. Then shrugged, and said, "Ask Draco." He sauntered into her sleeping area, drawing closer to her and the bed. "He'd be more than—" He cut off sharply as his eyes caught on something. She followed his gaze to her bedside table, searching for what he saw. The book she'd fallen asleep reading last night, the empty jewelry box, and a candlestick. The book title wasn't anything intriguing — she made sure to always hide the Occlumency book within another on her shelf. She glanced back at him. He frowned, and then turned to her, falling back into his swagger. "More than happy to give you more information," he finished. "Wonderful. Anything else? Or can I get dressed now"—he opened his mouth—"in privacy." He grinned. "I was just interested in seeing the sex dungeon, but…" he sighed dramatically. "I'm afraid you've let me down." "Apologies." She moved to her wardrobe, dismissing him. "It does tickle me to see how close you and Draco have gotten." She froze in the middle of shuffling through her clean jumpers. Blaise leaned against her bedpost, watching her closely. "We're not close." "Yeah?" He lifted a brow at her. "When's my birthday, Granger?" She pressed her lips together, fighting the blush creeping up her neck. He smirked and sauntered to the door, turned over his shoulder, and said, "Or should I call you Hermione? Since we're all on a first-name basis in this house." With a wink, he disappeared. Hermione closed her eyes and filed away the embarrassment. She moved an armchair in front of the door before changing out of her robe and into proper clothing. All further news of Draco was passed on from Narcissa. He'd finally left his room for the first time a day later. He'd walked by himself through the Manor's gardens on the next, and finally on Monday, he'd left the Manor for the first time. Hermione kept her curiosity to herself, wondering where Draco went, how he spent his free time—afraid to hear that it was official Death Eater business that had called him away. She looked for him in the mornings from her window, hoping to glimpse him walking through the grounds, testing his new ribs, but she never spotted him. On Tuesday she decided to resume her daily library visits. After a late breakfast, she pushed open the doors, intent to dive deeper into Occlumency after her routine sweep of the Horcrux information. She followed her normal path straight to where the book mentioning Horcruxes lay, tucked between two large, leather-bound tomes in the Dark Arts section. It wasn't there. Hermione blinked, checking the surrounding shelves. The misplaced book was nowhere to be found. Her heart pounded as she weighed her options. After a minute or two, she cleared her throat and chanced asking the catalog. But the book finder glowed a dim red, indicating the absence of such a book in the library. Someone else was reading the only book in the vast Malfoy library containing information on Horcruxes. Vibrating with anxiety and indecision, Hermione paced. Had Lucius tracked what she'd been reading, pulling it to stop her research—or to better understand her interest? Did the Malfoys even know about the Horcruxes? Lucius had Tom Riddle's diary for years before ensuring its delivery to Hogwarts, but hadn't Harry told her that Dumbledore doubted he even knew what it truly was? Without a way to deduce the answers to her building questions, she decided she had even more reason now to focus her attention on Occlumency. She was able to find several other books in the library to help with some of the more advanced practices, including how to fend off an attack of Legilimency. The first Occlumency book she'd taken from the library only covered the basics, such as concentration and meditation. One of the advanced techniques that had resonated with her was thinking of her mind as a bookcase or a series of shelves. Her introductory textbook had a short summary on it, and she'd experimented with it before using pure intuition. But now she had pages of detail and theory at her fingertips. There were ideas of bringing other memories forward—or, in her case, displaying a memory on an easily reachable shelf. Although the techniques were incredibly advanced, Hermione couldn't help but soak in the information, always seduced by the most challenging ideas. Hours later, Hermione sat in one of the grand armchairs, facing a large window that overlooked the pond as she focused her mind on still waters and hidden shelves. She tried to bring forward only memories of her parents, a process that involved the effort to push things onto different shelves. She thought less and less of her parents as she stared at the pond from the window, and focused on the memories that were always at the forefront of her mind. Draco's bare shoulders as he sucked the poison from her. The silence of Ron's scream for her from across the stage at the Palace. A body flying backwards, hitting the pillar of a gazebo. Harry's small frame in Hagrid's arms. Hissing lips, spitting acid at her from the audience of a grand theatre. The dried blood on Ginny's temple as she turned to her, pale skin translucent in the spotlight. Hermione took each of them, holding them like books, and placed them on tall shelves, or shoved their thin spines inside of larger ones, hiding them on bottom shelves. She pulled forward the memory of her parents taking her to the circus. Her mother's perfume bottle as it was replaced on the vanity. Her father's easy laugh at unfunny jokes. An entire shelf was open at eye-level, now that she'd replaced the other thoughts. She filled it with happy memories of her parents. When she brought forward the memory of her mother's hand clutching hers in the balcony of the Palace Theatre as the first of them died on the barricade, she heard an echo of dark voices. Voices that screamed for her to bend over and strip. Voices that shouted her worth in Galleons. A book on the bottom shelf of her mind slid forward, begging to be opened. She focused on pushing it away again. "Granger." Her eyes blinked. She was staring at the pond from a deep armchair in the Manor's library. The books inside her mind shivered, thrumming with the energy it took for her to contain them—to keep them in place. Only happy memories of her parents. "Granger," someone said again. She swam back to herself. There was someone next to her. But if she looked at him, the books would fall off their shelves and she'd be left only with bare shoulders and crumpled bodies and silky voices— "You're feeling better?" she asked, drawing breath from her lungs and preparing to look away from the pond and the still waters. "How are your ribs?" She focused her mind, called upon her strength to keep her shields up. Her heart pounded with an excitement to see him again. And she quieted that book, pushing it away. "Better," his voice rumbled. Breathing deep, she turned her eyes to him, taking in a tall body leaning slightly to the right, and curious eyes gazing down at her. Only happy memories of her parents. Her gaze flitted away, her energy focused on the bookshelves in her mind. "How was your birthday?" She knew her own lips had asked the question, but the voice was unfamiliar to her. "Were you able to enjoy it—?" "Look at me." She felt the command in her bones. Turning her head to him, finding his grey eyes, she saw him twitch at the sight of her. He looked down at the book in her lap, then back up at her. Hermione saw him through a haze, recognizing him, but also failing to place him. Her body filled with cotton, her head filled with dust. She blinked, and it was like he swam back into focus. Draco Malfoy stood next to her, staring down at her with concern. Her bookshelf cracked, and the texts fell open at her feet. She sucked in a deep breath, and his bare chest, his broken ribs, his bloody lips, his cool eyes — they all fell off the shelf. Her eyes stung, as if she'd looked directly into the sun. She pinched them closed and pressed her hand over her forehead, blocking out the light. She felt the advanced Occlumency book slither away from her lap, lifted away from her. "You're too expressive for this specific technique," he muttered. "It will be obvious that something is wrong with you." She listened to him turn the page, and then close the book with a snap. "You skipped intermediate studies?" "Of course," she said, her lips pulling in the ghost of a smirk. Her head spun. She felt like she'd been awake for days. "Did you expect anything less of me?" Her eyes slipped open, staring at the pond through the window again. She tried to grasp onto the idea of still waters, calming her racing mind, but her energy was depleted. "It can be exhausting," he said, barely a whisper. She nodded, drowsiness in her veins. "I'll just ask the kitchens for tea." A pause. And then: "You don't drink coffee anymore?" Her mind startled to attention. She looked up at him. He was flipping through the pages of another advanced Occlumency book, his question floating innocently between them. She did prefer coffee. In fact, she only drank tea with honey because she'd seen him drinking it for the past seven years. Some insane notion to feel closer to him. "We have coffee," he offered softly, eyes still on the book. "Thank you. I'll… I'll ask for coffee next time." She wanted to pry, to dig into this observation. But she had more pressing questions while she had him here. "How is Pansy?" She watched his eyes harden. A swift close of the book. "She's dead." "How?" "She was killed for her disloyalty to the Dark Lord." She frowned, watching him closely. "Those were Zabini's exact words as well. Curious." His eyes snapped to her. "When did you speak to Blaise?" There was a bite in his words, and she felt the ice from his eyes. "He stopped by. Entered my room and drank my tea without a care in the world." She shifted in her seat, lifting a brow at Draco's dark expression. "How did you adjust the wards after your aunt's visit?" His jaw clenched. "It's based on intent to harm." "And you still won't tell me why it is that the Malfoy family has no intent to harm me?" His lips pressed together, refusing to answer. She sighed, shoulders sagging. "Well, if you could also include 'intent to pester,' that would be much appreciated." The blood rushed to her head as she moved to stand. The Occlumency had drained her far more than she'd thought, and she stumbled back against the arm of the chair. A hand on her elbow. Her head pounded as she squeezed her eyes shut, registering that Draco was touching her. When she opened her eyes and righted herself, he said, "You should be careful next time. It can be very draining." She blinked to find him staring down at her, body close and fingers still light on her arm. He wobbled on his feet, looking pale. "You're still injured," she said. "You should be careful as well." His eyes danced over her face, a hint of a smirk on his lips. "We're quite a pair, aren't we?" Her skin tingled even after his fingers lifted from her arm. He offered to accompany her back to her room so she could rest. She could feel the air between them as they walked, every sound of footsteps on the marble echoing in her mind. They were slow to climb the stairs, his ribs still healing and her head still throbbing, but at every corner they turned she could have sworn she felt the ghost of a hand on her back, guiding her, steadying her. He walked her to her door, and perhaps it was her pounding head that made her dizzy with the ludicrous comparison that he'd just walked her back to her flat at the end of a date. His eyes drifted over her as she nodded at him in thanks, and when she shut her door, she leaned up against the cool wood, listening for his delayed footsteps back to his own room, trying not to think about how his lips might have felt against hers if he'd claimed them in a goodnight kiss. She woke the next morning to a large pot of coffee at her bedside table. She didn't see Draco in person for several days. By the third day, it grimly occurred to her that he might have joined Lucius, wherever he was. She concentrated on her Occlumency to keep herself busy, steadily increasing her endurance and trying out other techniques as well. When she exhausted herself after a day of practicing, she'd curl up with one of her fiction books, allowing herself an hour or two of peace and rest. She was in the middle of reading her second favorite Dickens on the fourth day of Draco's absence when her bedroom door opened. She looked up from her wingback chair, startled to see him in the doorway. He usually knocked. "Yes?" He stared down at her, his mouth in a hard line. "Get changed. Something presentable." She blinked down at herself. She was in leggings and a jumper. She supposed she wasn't quite prepared for company, but she didn't expect to have any. She stood, closing her book. "Where are we going?" He was silent. She rolled her eyes and headed to her wardrobe. She looked at him as she pulled open the doors, lifting a brow. "Any requests?" A flick of his fingers and something satin barreled forward into her face. She plucked it off of her head and glared at him. It was a slip. Practically a négligée. "Be quick about it," he said, words short and chilled. She closed her mouth, biting back her retort. He turned to eye her bookshelves as she exited to the bathroom. Something was wrong. He was under some kind of stress or… She shook her head, swallowing her apprehension. He'd gotten her this far, hadn't he? So what if he was in a bad mood. She'd seen worse. She shucked her leggings and jumper, pulling the satin over herself. She grimaced at her reflection, looking much more like a whore – reminding her of her place outside of the Manor. She pulled the slip up, tightening the straps over her bra, smoothing the fabric over her knickers. When she came out of the bathroom, he was still staring at the bookshelf, unblinking. She moved to the door, ready to follow him. "Who gave you permission to wear those undergarments?" She tripped over the carpets, stopping and staring back at him. "Excuse me?" She glared at the back of his head. How dare he— "Take them off." He turned to scowl at her lazily, his eyes flinty and dangerous. She felt a chill down her spine. He'd made her remove her bra the last time they left the Manor, but what possible reason could there be for wanting her knickers off? He prowled towards her like a jungle cat, and she stood still as he drew closer, aware of the growing pounding in her chest. If she hadn't recognized his movements, his carriage, the deft way his fingers twirled his wand, she would assume someone had polyjuiced themselves as Draco Malfoy. But she remembered these eyes from sixth year. Different from his own. Something sharp and merciless in them. He stopped before her, his chest barely an inch from hers, forcing her head to tilt back. "Or do I need to take them off myself," he whispered, his breath disturbing the curls on top of her head. A tingling terror rocketed through her veins. She'd never been truly afraid of him before. Not when he'd captured her in Umbridge's office with his hand low on her stomach, not when his friends had been casting killing curses at her in the Room of Requirement. She searched his eyes. His hands shot out, gripping her elbows and spinning her swiftly, her feet tangling with each other. Her chest slammed into the wall, her head turning just in time to keep from breaking her nose. The air left her lungs, and she struggled to press back. Her hands flat on the wall, but he pressed one palm to the center of her shoulder blades. She gasped, mind working quickly over her options. He was proving a point. Or she'd angered him beyond anything she'd experienced. Or this was some kind of dark magic, seducing him and twisting him. His fingers on her low back, plucking at the satin slip, pulling it up, up. Her eyes wide, staring at her cream colored wall. The slip pulled up over her backside, and then his hand was underneath, smoothing his fingers up her spine until he found the clasp of her bra. A swift twist, and the clasp was undone. He dragged the strap down one shoulder, his other hand still pressing her firm against the wall. "You know how I feel about these tits, Granger." His voice rumbled behind her, shaking her ribs. Her heart stuttered, and her breath caught. No… she didn't. His fingers traced down her arm, curling around her elbow. His hand on her ribs, fingers reaching for her breast. This wasn't right. Something was wrong with him. She pushed away from the wall with all her strength, jerking her hips back and twisting her body. His hands snapped to her hips, holding her against the wall while his chest pressed to her back. She felt his breath heavy on her neck. "Frisky today." She panted, her forehead pressing into the wall and her palms still pushing her as far back as she could. Could she call for help? Would Narcissa hear? He pressed his hips forward, and she felt him hard against her backside. Her mind blanked. A white slate where once she had a brain. Draco was touching her. And he was aroused. And he was dangerous. . . Updates on Sundays. Follow me on Tumblr, Twitter, and Pinterest under LovesBitca8. Come scream about Socks in "Tea & Honey" on Facebook. TRIGGER WARNING: This chapter contains Non-Con elements. Please read with caution.
A/N: PLEASE NOTE TRIGGER WARNINGS: ELEMENTS OF NON-CON. Please be aware of your own mental health and read with caution. Also I have a ko-fi account now, and that makes me super uncomfortable. :D If it doesn't make you super uncomfortable, consider buying me a coffee at ko-fi under Lovesbitca8. A reminder that the next update will be on 10/6/19. Thanks to SaintDionysus and raven_maiden as always. . . His hips rolled against her, pressing her into the wall. Her breath hitched, waking her brain. She pushed back again, struggling against his chest, twisting her body away from the wall. He held her still, breathing hard into her hair. One hand held her arm against the wall, the other quickly slithered down her stomach, and as his hips canted into her again, he pinched the skin on her hip so sharply she yelped. A dreamy sigh against her neck, like something divine had happened. She blinked quickly, wondering what the pinch was for. He rolled his hips again, his erection pressing harder into her. He pinched her again. She squeaked. "Malfoy," she begged, "what are you—" "Take my cock so good, don't you." Her body froze. He pushed against her again, groaning, like he… Like they… Both his hands came to cover hers on the wall. "You like this, Granger?" His voice lilted. "You like it when I fuck you?" She swallowed, brain spinning. His fingers laced between hers, pressing her down. "You're so wet for me." That couldn't possibly be. He wasn't… he didn't have access to… She braced herself against the wall, trying to gather her wits as his hips rolled into her. Her gaze landed on the ring on his thumb, pressing over her own. The ring that had sliced her lip open when he'd hit her. Not because he'd wanted to, but... Why had he pinched her? He grunted into her ear. This simulation served a purpose. She just had to figure out what it was. One hand on her hip, tugging her backward, pulling her feet back a step with him while his other hand held her upper body to the wall. He kicked her ankle out, widening her stance. The angle brought his hard length closer to her center, and she gasped. His hand pinched her again, harder. She jerked, rubbing herself on him accidentally. "You like that?" he hummed behind her. He slammed his hips to hers, shaking her. She looked down, trying to figure out what was happening between them. What it was she was supposed to like— His hand in her hair, twisting her head before she could look. Her neck twinged, and she winced at the pain. His fingers tugged her locks, and the dam inside her burst. Adrenaline skyrocketed through her veins. Her hands reached back, scratching at the hand in her hair, slapping at any inch of him she could reach. She heard a few hits connect. Her legs twisted to kick at him. He chuckled and grabbed her around the waist, lifting her off the ground and carrying her back as she thrashed. Her world widened. The whole room visible, instead of just the wall. She saw every weapon she could use if only she could reach them. Her legs kicked at him, grunting and panting. She connected with the corner of the wingback chair, and it tumbled to the ground. And then she faced the bed, and he dropped her down into her comfortable mattress and pillows, where she'd found sanctuary for the past few months. She tried to turn around to use her arms and legs on him, but he was quickly behind her with a swift slap to her backside that had her yelping. He shoved her shoulders into the mattress, pulled her hips up, and pushed against her again. And from here it was like she could feel every inch of him. Her dress yanked up, her knickers and his trousers the only thing between them. If he even still had his trousers closed. She couldn't be sure. She panted into the comforter, fingers scrambling for something. Anything. She tossed a pillow over her shoulder at him, knowing it didn't hit its mark. She struggled against the hand on her spine as he rutted against her, pressing the most intimate parts of themselves together. "You know how I like it when you fight." Tears pushed against her eyelids. Her body sagged into the mattress, exhausted. Was he going to penetrate her? Her nails cut through the sheets. He groaned, one hand squeezing her hip, pressing deep bruises. And then the pressure let up. Before she could scramble away, he flipped her onto her back. She reached to claw at his face, his throat, her heartbeat in her stomach. They struggled with each other's arms until he grabbed both of her hands, pinning them to the mattress and whispering a Sticking Charm. He climbed over her hips, holding her legs down with his weight. She jerked her torso and caught sight of his eyes. Dead. Irises black with arousal. But there was no glint of enjoyment. When he caught her staring, he smirked down at her, grabbed her jaw, and said, "You want me to fuck your mouth again, Granger?" Her eyes went wide. She sucked in air. "Draco—" He pushed his palm against her mouth, silencing her. "Not interested in your opinion." With his hand covering her lips, he reached with his other to below his waist. Her eyes followed, and she found him stroking himself. She choked, blinking away quickly. "I thought I got rid of this," he growled, and then his hands were on her satin slip, ripping the fabric down the middle, and tearing her bra apart. "Much better." She was exposed. Her breasts heaving under his gaze, a sob choking in her throat. Naked for the first time. She watched one hand return to stroking himself, the other against her stomach, pressing down. His eyes were hungry, drinking in her naked chest. Something flickered behind the grey, and he wet his lips. The hand on her stomach slipped against the rumpled satin, and then his fingers were under the swell of her breast, hot on her skin. He grunted, his hips thrusting into his hand. She watched his features glaze over briefly before turning icy again, his gaze back to her face. "Gonna paint my name on your tits, Granger." She could do nothing but exist underneath him as he jerked his hand. When a slow tear trailed out of her left eye, he reached forward and turned her face to the side. She stared at the wall, concentrating on the colors there. Her bedside table with a hair tie. An empty jewelry box. She heard his breath catch. She assumed he was close to being done. The hand pressing her face away slipped, his fingers tumbling into her hair, grabbing the curls. A strangled moan. And then something wet hitting her chest. He stayed like that, his hand clutching her hair, catching his breath. He sat up. A Vanishing Charm to her bra, and a Repairing Charm to her satin slip. He dismounted, unstuck her hands, and stood by the bed. "Get up. The Dark Lord is here." She stared at the ceiling, how the bedposts stretched towards it. She heard him button his trousers. "Get moving, or I'll drag you." His voice broke on the word 'drag.' She heard a click from his throat, an infinitesimal swallow, pushing something back down. Her chest was shaking and still tacky with his spend. You know how I feel about these tits, Granger. She blinked, like a twitch. The Dark Lord was here. She dragged herself off the bed, creeping towards the wall. Her legs gave out after just a few steps. She pushed herself to her knees, eyes screwed shut to block everything out. Heat crackling beneath her skin. The smell of something burning. Maybe it was her. Her chest seized as she was hauled roughly to her feet. "Get it together, Granger," hissed in her ear. And then he was dragging her out the door. The Dark Lord was here. And she was appearing before him. She felt tender fingerprints on her skin, left by bruising hands. Marked in more ways than one, like a whore. Voldemort would be thrilled. With a gasp, her mind sharpened, whirring. She was being brought to Voldemort. The back of Draco's head bobbed down the stairs as she followed dutifully. Voldemort would be reading her mind. She had no shoes on. The Manor's marble stairs were cold on her arches and toes. Think of a lake with still waters. A bookshelf with leather tomes. Draco's hand slid down the banister, long fingers that had grabbed at her hair, held her down, pinched at her skin. Her vision blurred with unshed tears. He pinched her instead of penetrating her. Her mind was flooded with images of an attack, of a rape, but that's not what had happened. His feet were heavy on the stairs as they turned the final staircase. His boots. His Death Eater boots. That's not what had been happening at Malfoy Manor. Even though it should have been. She paused on the final steps, feeling her entire body tremble. Think of a lake with still waters. A bookshelf with leather tomes. She opened a book. Tea with Narcissa Malfoy—her soft hands on her shoulder, her wrist. She snapped it closed and tucked it at the far edge of the shelf. Another book: Lucius Malfoy's Secrets. Standing at the edge of a study, "Gregory Goyle. Senior," the playful lift of his brow as he baited her. A key turned, locking the pages of the book like an old diary, and the text pushed back into a forgotten shelf in the corner. Draco walked to a door and waited for her. Fitting that it was the drawing room again. Seven beautiful red spines, the collector's editions: A Hand on My Jaw—Healing the Cut; You Don't Drink Coffee Anymore?; The Gazebo; Strong Lips on My Arm; Happy Birthday, Draco; A Cobalt Jumper, Standing Watch at My Window; We're Quite a Pair, Aren't We? She separated the copies, sending each of them to bottom shelves, tucking them into other books, tearing the covers off of them and sending their pages over the top of the bookshelf. Standing by the door to the drawing room, his eyes were off in the distance like one of the Malfoy statues lining the corridors. When she reached him, he grabbed her arm and pressed her against the wall. She didn't flinch when he took her chin in his firm grip. Any memories of softer touches had been buried. In place of the glossy red spines, there were inky, leathery copies filled with hair tugging, pale fingers on her ribs, electrocution, a week's isolation, the sharp pang of his ring as he backhanded her, and take my cock so good, don't you. He shook her jaw, jarring her back to him. "You won't embarrass me, will you Mudblood?" She startled at the word on his tongue. It had been years. His eyes were like ice as his fingers dug into her jaw. "You know how to behave, don't you?" She let the tension melt from her muscles and sagged against his grip. Like a ragdoll. "Yes." Her voice cracked, and she felt the word float between the two of them. "Yes, what?" Pull forward only your chosen memory. Let the rest drift back. Indentations on her jaw as his fingers curled. She let all memories of his warm eyes drift back. "Yes, Master." A flicker in his grey eyes. A curl of his lips that felt familiar and cruel. He moved to the drawing room. She dragged her feet through the entryway and felt the Dark Lord before she saw him. The darkness hung off of him like a cloak, dripping onto the floors and sinking into the stones. He stood in the center of the room, fingers trailing over the back of an antique armchair, turning to bare his teeth to her in a grin. "Mudblood Granger. Thank you for entertaining." Lucius stood with him, holding a glass. He spared her one glance before swirling his wine and taking a deep swig. A hand between her shoulders – just like earlier – shoved her sharply until she fell to her knees. Draco's shoes in her eye line. Hadn't taken his shoes off. Wasn't that a phrase? She tried to remember. "How are you enjoying your accommodations?" Voldemort's voice slid over her skin, his meaning not lost on her. "Everything you'd hoped it would be and more?" He cackled. She kept her eyes cast down. The slip hung forward off her body. Her chest still sticky. She re-lived the entire experience from moments ago. She pulled the shelf towards her, letting those images flutter in front of her mind. Her cream-colored walls. The sound of his grunting. "Let's have her out and about more, Draco. It would be good for morale to see her like this, maybe teach a few others about their place." The words bubbled beneath her skin. She blinked, drawing a shallow breath. Think of a lake with still waters. "I assume you've broken her in?" "She's a work in progress, my Lord. But I am enjoying the challenge." The voice echoed, slipping into her mind. "So you've finally taken her?" came Voldemort's low timbre. "Yes, my Lord. Several times now." A low chuckle. "In fact, I must apologize for our tardiness." She felt her body being lifted, like a hook in her back, pulling her up to face Voldemort. A lake that stretches into the sunset. Waters still. Depths below them. She breathed deep into her tight chest, but it was like a shark fin cutting through the waters— Voldemort was in her mind again. The cream walls in her bedroom. Her gasp of pain. "Take my cock so good, don't you." Her fingers scratching at his face blindly— Draco above her, eyes vacant as he stroked himself. The sound of her clothes ripping. The grunt from his throat as his hand twisted in her hair, the sound of his come hitting her chest— She was alone. On the floor of the drawing room. Staring at Draco's shoes. Listening to Voldemort cackle. There were still knives in her mind, slowly sliding their serrated edges through her. The spines of her books were sawed in half. She felt the slow seeping of her energy leaving her. Her eyes refocused. She'd missed something along the lines of "Was it good for you, Mudblood Granger?" And a hissing laugh. Then silence; long enough for her ears to stop ringing. "Your aunt intimated that your treatment of the Mudblood was somewhat… 'unique,' Draco. I would have come sooner to see for myself, had I not been preoccupied. But I can see now that she was mistaken." Footsteps, pausing in front of her bowed head. "Yes," he purred, voice low and soft. "You're no more than a common, filthy whore, are you, Mudblood? You should consider yourself lucky to be covered in a Pureblood's seed." Her fingers pressed into the marble. Her nails breaking, pulling backwards. She held the pain close to her. "... some information from you, Mudblood. Thank you for obliging." And then the hook pulled at her ribs again, drawing her limp body upwards. He was about to look into her again. There were cool waters somewhere, hidden behind a mountain range. If only she could see them. There were books. Somewhere there were books she had to close— Her head tilted back. Eyes opening, focusing. Lucius stood ten paces behind Voldemort, his gaze intense on her. Voldemort's long fingers pressed under her chin until she met his eyes. Red fire dissolved to emerald green. She blinked, and Harry was before her listening to her babble excitedly. "It must have been Fiendfyre!" she said, chest heaving with exertion, staring down at the broken pieces of Ravenclaw's Diadem. "Sorry?" Harry's face was stained with dirt, his glasses foggy with heat. "Fiendfyre – cursed fire – it's one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have dared use it, it's so dangerous—" And then they were younger. Ron stood next to her in Grimmauld Place, whispering to her behind a Christmas wreath. "He said he was the snake. He said he attacked my dad." "But Ron, that's impossible—" "I know, I know." Running his fingers through his messy hair, Ron looked for eavesdroppers over her head—right where Voldemort's consciousness hung, like a cape on her shoulders. "Dumbledore seemed like he knew it. Like he guessed it. That Harry saw it from the snake. And then he started lying. Said he saw it from above. Why would he lie, Hermione—" A squeezing twist, and she was in Charms class turning vinegar into wine, straining to hear Flitwick's instructions from across the room. Harry cast a Muffliato Charm and whispered to her and Ron about his meeting with Dumbledore the night before. "The diary's gone, the ring's gone. The cup, the locket, and the snake are still intact. And there's a sixth that was either Ravenclaw's or Gryffindor's," Harry said. "Are you sure there's only six?" she asked. "Dumbledore was sure. Said he made six, with his own soul as the seventh piece." Her mind whipped around, and she found herself standing next to Ron in a sea of students, watching Harry and Draco duel in their second year. She flinched when Draco produced a snake from his wand, her stomach roiling as Harry hissed at it. She felt her world slow, and then almost rewind. Voldemort stood over her as she helplessly watched Harry spit Parseltongue at the snake again. There was a pause as Voldemort examined the memory for a third time. Hermione felt her mind screaming. She needed to get him out, to slam these books shut. But she hadn't been prepared. There was a slippery sensation inside of her consciousness. Something far gentler in her mind. Instead of sharp blades, it was like a table knife slipping through butter. A jerk in her mind, and the knives cut through other spines, looking, searching. She stood over Harry's sleeping form. In the tent. Just months ago. Hermione watched with shallow breaths as he thrashed in his sleep, snarling words from dreams that clearly weren't his. "Stand aside, you silly girl. . . stand aside now. This is my last warning—" Hermione reached down to wake him, fingers shaking. "Avada Kedavra!" he hissed. She stumbled back, mouth open in silent horror. But the green light never came. She stared down at his shaggy hair, sticking to his forehead with cold sweat. She held the chain of the locket in one hand, having severed it from his chest earlier. She felt Voldemort hovering over Harry, and she tried to move—tried to shield Harry from his vicious eyes. But the other presence in her mind, calmer and less violent, stood behind her. Almost as if he was a passenger, just flitting through wherever Voldemort took him. The pounding in her head was rocking her, the vision of Harry starting to blur with black spots. Still, Voldemort slithered over him on the bunk, watching as he thrashed and hissed in Parseltongue. She felt the panic in her lungs, seizing her ribs. She couldn't breathe any longer. And then she was alone. Her body collapsed to the stones on the drawing room floor, her head lolling to the side as she panted. A blur of images, focusing and refocusing. Draco's shoes still next to her. Unmoving. Her vision refocused, and she saw Voldemort looming above her, red eyes narrowed down at her in thought. Behind him, Lucius took a sip from his glass. Smooth movements. Like a knife through butter. There was no cackle of victory. No savage revenge for her knowledge about his most precious secret. Just a sizzling silence. Darkness. She blinked, re-waking, drifting in and out of consciousness. When she focused, Draco's shoes were still there. Lucius hadn't moved. But Voldemort was walking to the windows, looking out over the gardens. "My Lord?" Lucius offered. "Are you finished with the Mudblood? She's drooling on my marble." Hermione tried to close her mouth, but her body was boneless. Voldemort didn't respond. Hermione drifted into the darkness again, and when she reappeared, no one had moved. And then, "Take her out," hissed from the windows. "I don't need anything else from her." A cold hand on her elbow, yanking her. Sweaty palms on her shoulders, and pale arms around her waist. As Draco dragged her out, she heard a murmur across the room—"My Lord. I would like to be of assistance." The drawing room door shut. More hands, cool and soft. Holding her face, tipping potions into her mouth. Long blonde hair brushing her temple as she sagged into willowy shoulders. She gagged, turning to spew on the stones. A whispered cleaning spell. Another potion poured into her mouth, drowning her. Temporary relief from the daggers and butter knives in her mind. Her mind… She focused. Her books… Her shelves of memories and spines of purple and gold and periwinkle. They were ruined. Shredded open and destroyed. She swayed. A lighter grip on her shoulders, supporting her. A vice around her right wrist. "Collect yourself," a woman hissed near her ear. But it wasn't directed at her. "You might be needed back inside." The blonde woman turned her around, and she caught a glimpse of a pale, thin boy just inches away, panting with his forehead against the wall, choking sounds coming from his throat. She felt a pressure ease on her wrist as the woman steered her toward the stairs, a sweaty hand releasing its grip on her. The woman helped her up the steps, one at a time, brushing a hand through her curls like her mother used to. At the top of the staircase came a pop! "Missus is needed!" The sound grated against Hermione's fragile mind. "I will be right there—" "Master says now! Master is going with Dark Lord!" A pause. A curse against her shoulder. "Hermione, dear. It's just a few more steps to your room. I will send the elves in with more potions." She barely registered the words. Her mind felt raw, flayed open. Something whispered soothingly against her temple, and then she was standing alone at the top of a staircase. The portraits were silent. The hallway felt thick as she moved towards her door, but her head began clearing. There was a moment—years ago, it felt like—when she had trudged this hallway, feeling her imminent rape and torture pressing down on her, before she'd seen the suite, before she'd met Narcissa, before she'd had warm lips suck poison from her. Hermione stood at her bedroom door now. She hadn't been raped in this room. She'd been violated, but not raped. Draco had violated her today, because he should have been doing much worse for the past month. He'd been clever and cunning. He'd found a way to keep her untouched, to keep from taking the one thing she had left to give. He'd played his role well—as had she. But at what cost? She pushed open her bedroom door and found a catastrophe. Coughing, she waded through the heavy smoke. Her chairs knocked over and cushions exploded. The curtains on her windows were burning, still sizzling in some places, the fire contained by the room's wards. Harsh sunlight pierced through the haze. To her right, the bookcase smoked, pages fluttering to the ground still. Copies destroyed, spines burst apart, covers burning. Feathers covered her mattress. Her bedposts had cracked, and canopy tilted to the side. She tried to rationalize. She tried to find the cause. And a chilling dread sunk into her as she realized she did this. Her magic. She'd been attacked, and her magic had responded. As they'd left, he'd dragged her from the room, putting out flames as she focused on his come on her chest. She turned to her bookcase, staring at her companions over the past weeks. Burnt. Flayed. Gone. The bookcase in her mind shivered. She'd been so careful to save the Malfoys today that she'd forgotten to save Harry. A sob shook her, and she found wet tears already on her cheeks. She leaned forward on the broken shelves. Her priorities had shifted somewhere. She'd thought Harry was safe, dead in the ground. But she'd betrayed him. Her knees ached. She'd fallen onto them. Harry was dead. Ron was lost. And she was playing house with the Malfoys. She'd failed. Her vision spotted as she sucked in air, head pounding, heart breaking. Harry was dead. He wasn't coming back. And she'd just told Voldemort that he was a Horcrux. She couldn't fathom why Voldemort wanted that information. But she'd betrayed the entire last year of her life by offering it to him. If only she'd thought to protect what was most important, instead of what was convenient. A wailing sob shook her, breaking her eardrums as her fingers clawed at the bookshelf. She sat like that for what felt like hours. A waxy hand on her shoulder. A whispered, "Miss?" She shook her head, heaving for air. She didn't want to be treated this way. Like she was something precious. "Mippy will fix?" She choked, panting and sobbing. She shook her head. "I can't stay here. I can't—I can't sleep here." Little fingers wrapped around her arm, and with a squeeze, she was in a different guest room, smaller and darker. Mippy guided her to bed, pressing potions to her lips. She took them without question, begging the world to release her. . . A/N: Updates on Sundays. (Skipping 2 weeks. Next update 10/6/19) Find me on Twitter, Tumblr, Pinterest and now ko-fi under Lovesbitca8
A/N: The long wait is over! But I'm sorry to say that I need to adjust my update schedule to every other Sunday for the foreseeable future. So the next update will be 10/20. The Audiobook Warriors have started posting chapters of The Right Thing to Do! Check it out on Spotify, YouTube, and several other spots. Much love to raven_maiden and Saint Dionysus. I roped them into a group text this week, and I think giving them each other's numbers was... the Wrong thing to do. She slept for three days. Mippy kept the room dark for her, mindful of her pounding head. The elf woke her once every morning to pour a potion down her throat, and to ask if "miss wants to walk." Miss did not want to walk. Apart from forcing a few bites of food down when the trays would appear and dragging herself to the toilet once or twice, Hermione lay in bed all day, waiting for her next dosage. Hermione had disjointed dreams while she was under the pain potions. In some dreams, Draco's hand would hover on her lower back as they walked the grounds, and then he'd turn and abruptly slam her against a tree, ripping at her clothing and jerking his hips against her while she struggled and scratched at him. Other dreams started with him over her, pushing her face into the mattress, and then evolved into something softer, slower, a breathtaking rhythm while he kissed her deeply. Draco didn't appear outside of her subconscious, and she didn't expect him to. She could still hear the choking, gagging sounds he'd made outside the drawing room. On the second night, she stared for what felt like hours at the round bruises on her wrist, not remembering when he'd made them. She was half asleep when she finally remembered the vice-like grip from a sweaty palm as Narcissa had turned her toward the stairs. Narcissa visited the smaller, darker suite on her third day, but Hermione couldn't find the energy to pull herself up in bed. So she lay on her side and listened to Narcissa move about the room, opening curtains and fluffing pillows. "Hermione, dear," she finally whispered. "I need for you to come with me back to your suite. There are protective wards and enchantments on that room for you. It's safer there." Her dry lips parted uselessly. Safer. She jerked a half nod. Narcissa helped her up, helped her dress, helped her take a few shaky steps across the room. And at every instance, she asked Hermione's permission to touch her. "May I assist?" She knew, of course. They all did. Shock pierced the fog in her head once Narcissa opened the door to her original room. The curtains had been replaced. A deeper color, a more vibrant gold shining with the sun. Her bed curtains were red now. Her armchairs a deep mahogany. Everything she'd destroyed had been replaced with something richer, warmer. Much more like Gryffindor's common room. She felt Narcissa watching her closely, so she managed another nod, and once she was alone in her room again, Hermione turned to her bookshelf. There were five or six books there, two unfamiliar to her. She saw the crisped spine of one, and deduced that these were the only volumes left untouched by the chaos. She felt her heart ache with the loss. The fire had burned away the spine of a thick forest green cover, but she knew without confirming that it was the Brontë. Jane Eyre had survived. With a jolt, she turned to the bedside table, searching for seven books stacked in a pile… Nothing. A new table with just the brass-lined jewelry box still sitting proudly, winking at her. Draco's personal copies of the Gainsworth books were gone now. Acid rose from her stomach, choking her, burning her throat. Tears pricked her eyes again. She'd destroyed it all. She couldn't be trusted with precious things. Harry had always trusted her with crucial information and keys to puzzles, but perhaps he shouldn't have. Now she wondered if she might have cracked under Bellatrix's knife if Dobby hadn't saved them. Perhaps she was weak — good for her mind, but once her heart became involved, she was useless. Her knees trembled, and she sank to the floor and wept heaving sobs that made her lungs spasm and stung the skin on her face until nothing existed but her grief and shame. Once she'd finally exhausted herself, she lay on her side, fingers curled in the carpet. Watching through swollen eyes as a sliver of sunlight inched across the room. At some point, a tray of food appeared on her new coffee table. She ignored it. What would her friends think of her now? What would Harry think, after she'd betrayed his deepest secrets? His green eyes flashed in her mind, imploring her to find the right answers, to come up with the solutions, to save them— To save them. Her breath caught, and she blinked back the tears. Slowly, she pushed herself up. It wasn't too late for her to fix the mess she'd made. She could still do what Harry needed from her. She'd been meandering for months, waiting for someone to clearly delineate the next problem, to ask the question so she could concentrate on the answer. But she'd posed the right questions months ago, all on her own. It was just her now. Surely she had more freedom than any of the other slaves. Perhaps she even had more resources at her disposal than what was left of the Order. She'd just been too complacent with the Malfoys to work the problem as she ought to have been. With a new burst of passion, Hermione stood. She took a deep breath and marched out of her bedroom, and down the hallway. She needed to kill Nagini. She needed to work on the tattoos. She needed to get them out. All of them. They were counting on her, and she knew it. Having now experienced only a fraction of what her friends had been going through for months, she felt the guilt weighing heavy on her as she hurried down the stairs. She pushed open the library doors and froze, heart pounding in her chest. Thankfully, it was safe. Empty. She took a shaky breath and stepped inside. Forcing herself to set aside thoughts of the last time she'd been here, she crossed to where the Horcrux book had been a week ago. Finding it still absent amongst the other Dark texts, she wondered which Malfoy had stolen it. Would she find it in Lucius' study? Perhaps it had been destroyed if they'd known Voldemort was coming for the information in her mind. Her addled mind spun around the possibilities. The questions she'd buried for days underneath sleeping potions and grief. She blinked at the empty shelf, fighting off the headache she could feel coming on. Did the Malfoys know more about Horcruxes than Hermione had assumed? And why had Voldemort been interested in Harry again? She shivered, the cool air in the library not the cause. Why look for the Horcruxes? She swallowed, knowing the answer required her to look inside her own mind. To work through the purpose of Voldemort's visit. She pressed her hands on the shelf in front of her, closing her eyes and trying to remember through the terror and the closed doors in her own consciousness. Some information from you, Mudblood. Thank you for obliging. Her lower lip trembled, and she bit it closed. He'd been there specifically to look for Horcruxes. That's why the Malfoys hadn't been prepared for his visit. What Draco had chosen to do — to do to her — had turned out to be a necessary precaution. Voldemort had decided to check on her treatment as a secondary motive, but he was there for the Horcruxes. Hermione blinked, staring at the spot where the Horcrux book should be filed, as if she could will it into existence. It wouldn't tell her anything she didn't already know, but it would be a comfort of sorts. She tried to think. She had been right — Harry had likely been an unintentional Horcrux. A part of Voldemort's soul had split from him the night the Killing Curse had rebounded, and attached itself to Harry. Voldemort had filtered through the only memories she had that could possibly prove that theory. So she wasn't alone in her hypothesis. But what had tipped Voldemort off? A sliver of hope tugged at her ribs — was Harry alive? She'd seen his body in the courtyard, but had he survived after all? She hadn't known he was going into the Forest to meet Voldemort, or she would have stopped him. The last time she'd seen him, he'd been clutching Snape's memories, racing for Dumbledore's Pensieve. What had he discovered that made him surrender himself? She remembered the urgency in Snape's voice as he wheezed blood and begged Harry to take his memories. She'd suspected then that he wasn't loyal to Voldemort, though it was impossible to confirm now. Perhaps he'd known about the Horcrux. Found a way for Harry to fake his own death, while killing the piece of Voldemort inside of him. Skepticism warred with the burning hope in her ribs. It was highly unlikely — and yet, why would Voldemort care about Harry if he was dead? The headache was returning. Hermione rubbed her temples, knowing it was no use guessing about what was in Snape's memories. She would never see them. The library doors creaked. She whipped around and stepped to the side, peering through the stacks towards the entrance, heartbeat thundering. His cheekbones cut through his skin; even in the distance, she could see that. He was hunched, his shoulders folded over on top of his ribs, his hair thin and greasy. His skin seemed grey. Take my cock so good, don't you. She felt her body tremble. Her lungs refused to fill. You want me to fuck your mouth again, Granger? Standing in the open doorway, he pulled his wand. She watched him mutter, "Homenem Revelio," and the wand sparked blue, indicating there was someone in the room. Her. She dug her nails into her palms, preparing herself, when his eyes flicked over the shelves, and he stepped back, quietly closing the doors behind him. As if he'd never been there at all. It was ten minutes before she could trust her legs to move again. She grabbed several texts on Celtic magic, chest seizing, and sprinted back to the safety of her room, all earlier bravery forgotten. Taking calming breaths, she leaned her head back on the closed door, staring at her new room. She hadn't let herself think about Draco since that night. But she had to think this through. They couldn't avoid each other forever. Her chest twinged painfully at the thought of his pinched skin. He'd looked even worse than he did sixth year. She screwed her eyes shut, willing the image away. She had to use her brain, as her heart had failed before. Draco did not want to harm her. In fact, it was quite clear that hurting her was one of the most traumatic things he'd ever gone through— Her heart thumped with the possibilities, but her mind forced them aside. She tried to put herself in Draco's position and found little fault in his logic. He'd made the safest choice that night. If he'd cued her in somehow, she might not have managed to convince Voldemort that she was being routinely attacked. Her mind moved to the next point: Draco was actively absent — not visiting, not entering rooms she was in. Not apologizing. She stopped herself. Too close to her heart. Reeling back, her mind fought for logic. Draco was either convinced she didn't want to see him, or he didn't want to see her. That was fine. Either of those were acceptable, logical answers. She stared down at her books, and another thought struck her. Her greatest chance of exiting the property was under Draco Malfoy's watch. Until she found a way around the tattoos, Hermione needed him. They couldn't keep running away from each other. Eventually, she would have to seek him out, and hope he would allow it. Turning to her measly book collection, she grimaced at the burned titles. She set down the books from the downstairs library, and ran her fingers across the two new books. They weren't new, per se, but they hadn't been there a week ago. Solidly bound but withering with the years, they felt older than her by several lifetimes. She checked the copyright pages. Great Expectations by Charles Dickens Printed London, 1861 Les Miserables by Victor Hugo Printed London, 1862 The heartbeat that she'd suppressed earlier thundered. First editions. As she brought her face close to the pages, inhaling the musk of aged parchment and letterpress ink that had survived over a hundred years, she thought back to her earlier assessment. Perhaps he was apologizing. She placed them next to Jane Eyre, the only hundred-year-old text that had survived the fire. All three leatherbound copies had lived through terrible things. She could do the same. After a full afternoon of research, she slept for the first time without a potion. When she woke in the morning, gold-tinted sunlight shimmering across her walls, there were two new books on her shelves. She pulled herself from the bed, and examined them. Hogwarts: A History Bathilda Bagshot Printed London, 1984 Hogwarts: A History - Revised Bathilda Bagshot Printed London, 1996 Her eyes widened and her fingers itched. Comparing two editions side-by-side? Her skin tingled with the desire. She reshelved them, and promised she'd wait until the end of the day to crack them open. Her traitorous heart fluttered on her way to the library that day, as she let her mind briefly wonder where Draco was finding these books. She spent a week looking into magical slavery. The catalog returned an assortment of books on the history of enslavement in Europe, Asia, the Americas, and of course the Roman Empire. To her chagrin, no charms or potions books turned up. But at least it was a start. She started with the more recent European history books. The problem was that there was no modern precedent for magical enslavement in Europe—apart from house-elves, of course, but their magic worked quite differently. Any magical enslavement in recent centuries was taboo, so there were no records. There were rumors of magical slavery in more shadowy parts of the continent, but it was hard to find research on spellwork that no one admitted to doing. But she was certain that magic as powerful and quickly developed as the tattoos had been inspired by something. She only had to find the seeds. Looking into the significance of tattoos and skin branding in ancient cultures like the Celts had taken her down a rabbit hole that she never saw the bottom of, so she stopped there, letting her mind wander as she ran her fingers over her own tattoo. D.M. She wondered what Blaise knew about the tattoos. Though Pansy's tattoo hadn't been activated by the estate, he must have known something about them in order to remove hers. She could have asked him weeks ago if her head had been in the right place. A new book arrived on her bedroom shelf every morning. In the evenings, after a long day's work in the library, she'd reward herself by perusing its hundred-year-old pages, willing herself not to think about how the book had gotten there. After a frustrating day of making little progress, she decided on a change of scenery. Hermione took several history books and headed toward the Conservatory. The air there was clear and easy on her mind. Passing the kitchens and the dining room, she wound her way toward the western wing of the Manor. She heard his footsteps before she saw him. Her steps faltered, and she squeezed the books into her chest. Not his Death Eater boots. They made a harsher sound against the marble. She stood in the middle of the corridor leading to the western wing, like a broomstick accident waiting to happen. He turned the corner, twenty paces away, eyes fixed on a stack of parchment in his hand. He looked thinner, if possible. Bones protruding from his face and chest like knives. His eyes glanced up at her when he was halfway down the corridor. His body jolted, dropping half his paperwork. She could see the violet bruises of exhaustion under his eyes from halfway across the room. Sucking in a rattling breath, she watched as his gaze dropped to the marble, his knees shaky as he bent to pick up the papers he'd fumbled. He stood and pressed back against the wall, eyes cast down. And she was reminded of the first years that would jump out of the Slytherin King's path whenever he swept down the Hogwarts corridors. But to look at him now... He waited, allowing her to pass with as little disturbance of the air she breathed as possible. She propelled her feet forward, feeling like she was passing through another cloud of grief, just aching to find the clean air and light again. She thought of her bookcase, a slow-growing apology, a rebuilding of sorts. She thought of pale fingers on her wrist, breaking the capillaries and bruising the bones, unable to let go. Stopping in front of him, she waited. His eyes didn't flicker upward. He stared off, across the floor, glazed eyes and held breath. "Thank you for my books," she whispered. She watched his throat swallow. Her chest was tight with the desire for normalcy, for where they had been before. Her hand lifted, fingers stretched to touch— His grey eyes flickered to meet hers. Hollow. Her hand dropped. She continued moving through the corridor, pushing aside her thundering heart and her aching chest — her desire to comfort and bring color back to his skin. When she reached the end of the hallway, she looked back and found a thin figure still leaning against the wall, bleeding into the background of his own manor. Lucius Malfoy still had not returned. It had been two weeks since he'd left with Voldemort, and still the questions swirled in her mind. He'd offered "assistance" — whatever that meant. She remembered the feeling of two presences in her mind in the drawing room, one smoother and dull. She was fairly certain that Lucius had seen what Voldemort did in her mind, but she hadn't the faintest idea what he'd chosen to do what that information. She sat in the Conservatory, staring out at the July day with a book in her lap. It was the closest she'd gotten to the outdoors. At first, after running into Draco, she'd been hesitant to leave her routine of library to conservatory to library to bed. But as the days passed, she grew anxious to see him. If she was going to help the Order, she needed to be on good terms with him. She needed his access, his information. Knowingly or unknowingly. She began seeing Narcissa again. Reading and taking long walks through the Manor, in places she could easily be seen. If Draco realized that she was letting things return to "normal," then perhaps so could he. Narcissa tried to make up for the absence of the others by meeting Hermione in the mornings for tea (and coffee) and chatting about novels and holidays and other things normal people discussed. When the guilt gnawed at her insides, Hermione reminded herself that their conversations might make it back to Draco. She tried not to let herself think about whether he was sleeping, or whether he'd put on any weight. It had been ten days since the incident in the hallway, and Hermione was halfway through the first volume of Medieval Magical Europe. She sighed and snapped it closed, having finished another useless chapter. Considering Blaise again and his rescue of Pansy, she realized that Draco surely knew of his plans. Had he not bought her? Was he not shocked to hear that only one slave arrived that night? Hermione hummed into her coffee cup, and thought of what information she could pry from Draco if only they could talk again, like they used to. Thinking back to the gazebo, she knew he was open to giving her information. What did Draco know about the tattoos and their removal? She sipped her coffee, breathing in the moist air between the vines. The conservatory windows stretched to the ceiling in a wide dome, allowing all the sunlight in. She sometimes saw Hix, the grounds elf, trimming and watering the trees and plants, but there was no movement except the gentle rustle of branches stretching toward the light. So when the pop of apparition cracked across the leaves and flowers, Hermione dropped her coffee cup, shattering it when Mippy arrived in front of her. "Miss!" Her hand flew to her chest, calming her own heartbeat. Her blood ran cold at the elf's terrified eyes. "Miss has to go to her room!" Mippy extended a hand. "Mippy takes you now!" She gathered her books with fumbling fingers, remembering the daggers of red eyes and the burning books— With a squeeze, Mippy popped them away and into her bedroom. "Is it the Dark Lord?" Hermione asked, voice trembling. "No, Miss. Missus and Master Draco has visitors! It's not being safe for Miss downstairs." Mippy wrung her hands and disappeared with another pop! Hermione stared at the spot where the little girl elf had been, feeling her fear shift to curiosity. Visitors. She'd never known the Malfoys to have friends to drop by for a friendly chat. A small war raged inside her chest. Mippy had made it seem urgent that she was not found downstairs. But this safety — this complacency, waiting for other people to control what happened to her — it would get her nowhere. And if someone was downstairs discussing Death Eater business… Perhaps Lucius was back? The need for answers, the need to be useful, the need to not just sit here and wait for something else awful to happen to her — those needs won out. She slipped through her door, looking both ways as if she was about to cross a dangerous street. Her feet were soft on the marble as she descended the stairs, stopping at the bottom to stare at the fireplaces, expecting an entire dinner party to pour through the fire at any moment. The drawing room door was closed. She suspected that was where Narcissa Malfoy entertained guests. But she was sure to be caught if she stood in the doorway with her ear pressed to the wood. She tried to think. There was a rarely used ballroom attached to the drawing room. She suspected it was for parties and grand affairs. There was little chance anyone would be walking that direction if they were leaving the drawing room. Hermione hurried through the corridor, sweeping past the kitchens and all the little hiding spots she'd memorized in the past two months. Pushing open the backdoor to the ballroom as slowly as she could, she saw there was no one inside and dashed to the door leading to the drawing room. It was cracked open. Peeking through the door, she found Narcissa seated in an armchair, an untouched glass of brandy next to her. Draco stood to her side, holding a Firewhisky. A thin older man paced in front of them, using a cane but still moving deftly through the room. When he turned, Hermione saw his face. Nott, Sr. She searched the rest of the room and found a thin boy examining the paintings on the wall. Theodore. She watched him sip his Firewhisky and sneer at the taste while his back was turned to the room. Her ears honed in. "...project that needs quite a bit of research. Theo and I were hoping to spend the day in your library. Privately, if we may." "I see," Narcissa said. "I do wish Lucius was here to assist you, but of course you're welcome to—" "May I ask what kind of project?" Draco cut in coolly. Theo turned to look at him. Nott took a long sip from his glass. "A confidential request from the Dark Lord," he said with a smirk. And then back to Narcissa, as if Draco hadn't spoken at all. "Wherever has Lucius run off to?" A tense pause before Draco's voice lilted, "A confidential request from the Dark Lord." Hermione watched Nott smile slowly. "Our family is honored to serve him," Narcissa said. Theo waved his glass carelessly. "Does it have anything to do with what's happening in France?" Three heads turned to face him. Mistaking their reactions as impressed, he continued, "We're in his confidence as well, you know. No use in putting on airs around us." Hermione watched as Nott Sr. frowned at his son. Narcissa took the lead and spoke softly. "I'm sure I don't know, Theo. The mission was between Lucius and the Dark Lord." Theo nodded and sipped from his glass, oblivious to his father's exasperated glare across the room. "As your husband has sensitive orders from the Dark Lord, so do I," Nott said smoothly. "I appreciate your graciousness as always, Narcissa." "Be that as it may, sir, my father's not at home. Nor is he asking for assistance in yours." A delicate pause. "How can we be of service to you in your research?" Draco spoke with the elegant disdain of the upper class. He looked better, healthier. His hair was clean, and his skin clear again. A prolonged silence. And then: "It concerns the Apparition line. And the incident in Liverpool last week." Hermione's heart pounded. The last time she'd heard of the Apparition line had been at Dover Castle, where people were trying to get out. "We're looking for texts on obscure wards, ones they're less likely to—" Nott Sr. cut off. She heard him mutter something, and just as she leaned in closer to hear better, the door banged open, revealing her there in the doorway. Four pairs of eyes turned to her as her blood ran cold. Draco shifted on his feet, one hand putting down his drink while his other reached for his wand. His eyes were murderous. "Ah-ha!" Nott said. "The little filth just triggered my Eavesdropping Charm." Hermione was deciding if running would even be an option as Nott's wand flicked, and her body was brought into the room, zooming through furniture to tumble at their feet. Narcissa stood, and the icy look she concentrated on Hermione froze her heart. "What have I told you about wandering the Manor?" Narcissa hissed. Hermione's mouth gaped open, and she scrambled for a role to play. "Please—it's not what you think. I'm sorry—" "Not nearly as sorry as you will be," said Narcissa, her voice soft and venomous. "Hmm," said Nott. "She doesn't look like she has Dragon Pox to me." The room took a breath. She looked up to Nott Sr.'s withered face from her place at his feet. He leered down at her. "Of course she doesn't. Draco just doesn't like to share," Theo said with a chuckle. Hermione flicked her eyes over to where Theo grinned at her. "Not at all, I assure you," Draco said casually. "But you're right about the Dragon Pox. It turned out to be some Muggle disease. Something filthy that she brought in with her." "We're very careful with Dragon Pox in this family," Narcissa said to Nott. "Lucius' father died from it, you remember." Nott lifted the tip of his cane to her chin, tilting her face back with the cold end. Hermione swallowed and met his eyes. "So, we'll be seeing more of her then?" His double meaning wasn't lost on her as the end of his cane trailed down her neck and tugged at the collar of her jumper. "I expect so," Draco grit out. "Good. We purchased a male slave, you know. Excellent for labor, but obviously limited in other uses." He laughed, and Hermione's stomach roiled. "Mippy!" Narcissa called. The pop of the elf appearing. "Take the Mudblood back to the dungeons. Make sure she stays there." Like a slice to her stomach, hearing Narcissa use that word. She blinked away her fuzzy vision as the end of Nott's cane began to dip below her collar. Mippy's hand wrapped around her wrist, and then she was squeezed through, arriving… In the dungeons. She turned on her knees to face the little elf. "Mippy is sorry! Mippy tells Miss to stay upstairs!" Mippy's lips trembled, and then she Disapparated. Hermione stood, spinning in a circle as she took in her surroundings, expecting a dragon to emerge from the shadows. She'd never been down in the dungeons before. Only Harry and Ron had been dragged down here while Bellatrix kept her upstairs. The air was thick and moist, and there seemed to be a draft coming from somewhere. Moving to the stairs, she found her feet couldn't climb. Mippy had cast a ward against her leaving the dungeon. She huffed and leaned against the stones. Perhaps she'd regret vexing Mippy later, but the information she'd learned had been worth it. People were successfully getting out. She considered Liverpool — at first glance, not a particularly important location. But it was close to the water. The Apparition Line. Her mind whirred. George and Angelina's attacks had been deliberately planned away from Liverpool. Diversions. She desperately wanted to know who had escaped. Was it anyone she knew? Any of the Lots? Had Ron or Ginny gotten out? A cold shiver passed over her. If Voldemort was looking for Harry in her mind… If there was any chance that Harry had survived the Final Battle… She chewed on her lip, thinking. Perhaps he'd gotten out somehow, preparing to regroup… Her eyes drifted up, catching on the dark corners of the dungeon. There was no way for her to know. Not right now, anyway. Hermione stepped forward into the shadows and examined the space. She hadn't considered that the dungeons would be worth looking into before — there would be no way out down here for certain. One torch lit the room, flickering near the stairs. There were shackles and chains mounted to the walls and an ominous table with cuffs, something dating back centuries. A small blanket folded carefully lay next to a stone pillar. Beside it, a game of jacks and a few cards belonging to an Exploding Snap set. Luna. Hermione swallowed. Luna had been kept here. And according to her, Draco had visited with her. Kept her company and told her about what was happening at school. This is where prisoners were kept. This should have been where she was kept. A wave of grief crashed over her, knowing that countless friends and classmates had been kept in similar locations for the past few months. She simmered in her own thoughts, staving off tears by focusing on what she'd just heard about Liverpool. Possibly twenty minutes later, she heard the grate at the top of the stairs creak open. Scrambling to a pillar out of instinct, her blood was still pumping furiously when recognizable boots stomped down the stone steps, followed by thin legs she knew. "What the fuck, Granger?" he hissed before he even fully appeared in the opening of the stairs. "There are people getting out?" Her skin tingled with the questions she needed answered. "What don't you understand about 'stay in your room—'" "Who? How many?" "—fucking idiot sometimes, you know that?" "Answer the damn question!" "I don't know!" The shout silenced them both. He swallowed, the tension thick and heavy around them. And then, more quietly: "It's just whispers and gossip at this point—" "Could Harry have gotten out?" As soon as the words left her lips, she knew it was absurd — even before she saw the expression on Draco's face. Still, she whispered, "Is Harry alive?" He stared at her as if she were a ghost. "Granger," he said slowly, like she could break. "I have no reason to believe that Potter is alive." He tilted his head at her. "Do you?" She considered the information that Voldemort had been looking for. The possibility that Harry had two souls inside of himself… Draco stepped forward, still watching her warily. "Do you really believe that if Potter were alive, he would have allowed the Auction to take place? That he wouldn't have been storming the gates every day you've been here?" Looking up at him, blinking quickly, she felt her heart breaking again, just as it had in the courtyard when she'd seen his small body in Hagrid's arms. She turned away, her fingers playing with a thread on her jumper. "No. No, I suppose you're right. It was an unfounded theory." She closed her eyes, struggling to collect herself. She took a deep breath. "Nott is here to use the library?" "Yes." "And why did I have Dragon Pox?" His tired eyes sharpened as they ran across her face, remembering his irritation with her. "It doesn't matter now." "Where will he be seeing 'more of me,'" she said, repeating Nott's words from earlier. Draco pressed his lips together in a fine line, and glared at the stone floor. "We'll be going out on Friday." Her pulse pounded. The only other time she'd gone "out," they'd visited Hogwarts. "What does that mean?" "There is a party every weekend. You've had Dragon Pox for four weeks, too ill to attend." His voice dripped with cold irritation. "And now, you are no longer ill." "What kind of party?" Her voice cracked. His eyes drilled into her with a look that said, You know. Trying to keep her breath steady under the weight of her ribs, she realized something. "Are there other Lots there?" When he nodded, her heart skipped a beat, her mind running wild with the opportunities— "The Weasleys are never in attendance," he said, clearly reading her. A heavy silence. "They don't tend to play nice with others." She stared up at him, feeling a familiar irritation surge through her. "And will I be expected to 'play nice?'" His eyes flashed at her, and he said, "You're too smart not to." He was right. She'd been looking for a way out of the Manor. And now that she'd gotten it, she wouldn't spoil it. Turning on his heel, much like Snape used to, he swept to the stairs and paused at the first step, inviting her to follow. They wound up the back staircase in silence, avoiding the route that passed the library, and arrived in their shared hallway with a series of twists and turns that Hermione hadn't been able to memorize yet. He paused outside her door, and she turned to him. "Friday?" "At ten." Her mouth fell open. "In the evening?" He lifted a brow and deadpanned, "Do you have an early exam in the morning, Granger?" And it was so familiar, and so dramatic, and so normal… Her lips twitched, and she had to tilt her chin away to keep from smiling at him. She pushed open her bedroom door and saw him step back in the corner of her eye, giving her a wide berth of space to enter her room unimpeded. Casting one last glance at him, she asked, "Are you expected to join them now? The Notts?" "Yes." She paused, and said, "You should mess your hair." His eyes, which had been solidly fixed on her knees, snapped up. "If you've been 'dealing with your Mudblood.'" His eye twitched, as if she'd hissed it at him. "In your sex dungeon," she clarified. The corner of her mouth pulled upwards. He stared at her for a moment and then nodded at the ground, running a hand through his hair absently. Smoothing it — the exact opposite of what was necessary. She gave an exasperated sigh and found herself stepping forward, reaching up, and dragging her fingers through his fringe, pulling it forward over his eyes, separating the oily strands and rustling the top where she could reach. Suddenly his head jerked back, his body following, stumbling to the opposite wall. She jumped, pulling her hand back as if she'd burned him. "Sorry," he gasped, as if he'd been the one touching without permission, and then he was racing through the hall and down the stairs before she could blink. She read the revised Hogwarts: A History from front to back that night to keep herself from thinking about it. Friday evening arrived, and with it, a green silk slip, a pair of low black heels, and a thin gold choker necklace that she could only assume was meant to be a collar of sorts. A concubine, to be paraded around, gawked at and leered over. At a quarter past ten, he knocked on her door. He didn't look at her when she opened it. He didn't respond to her comment about being fashionably late. She cleared her throat and extended the gold necklace. "It won't close. I assume you need to do something?" He finally looked up at her. He'd washed his hair, and his skin was back to pale white instead of grey. But he was in his Death Eater boots and trousers. They were both in uniform tonight. Taking the necklace from her extended fingers, he played with the clasp while she turned around and lifted her hair off her shoulders. Once fastened, the gold shrunk to her neck, and she gasped at the feeling of confinement. She turned around. "Do these have magical properties?" she asked, fingering the edge of the thin gold. He jerked his gaze from her neck to her eyes, a tinge of pink in his cheeks. "It's a class system, barring certain collars from certain rooms." Where were they headed? "I suppose I have an all-access pass, then?" The sharp humor was coming swiftly, covering the bubble of her nerves. "Of sorts." He led the way downstairs, and when he turned left toward the front door instead of the fireplaces, she was reminded of when they'd gone to Hogwarts. She froze. "Will the Dark Lord be there?" she asked as he stepped through the door. "No. He rarely is." A pause, and then over his shoulder: "Neither is my aunt." She followed behind him down the path as the tightness in her chest loosened. "And why is that?" He didn't respond for a moment. When they'd finally gotten to the gates, he said, "The parties are rather specific… for specific tastes. Neither the Dark Lord nor my aunt have a desire for these affairs. Though Death Eaters are generally encouraged to attend." She nodded, willing her nerves to calm. She extended her arm to him, and he stared down at it before gingerly wrapping his fingers around the tattoo and walking them through the barrier. He walked them to the top of the hill for Apparition, and as he drew his wand, her anxiety tumbled over. "Will something similar happen tonight?" His eyes were cold and dead as he looked at her, questioning. "S-similar to my room. Will you need to—" "No." It was harsh against the wind. "You will stay close to me, and we will let everyone see you so that we don't have to return for several weeks. That's all." She swallowed, shivering. "There will be minor contact," he said, clarifying her question. His eyes were on the sky, and she wondered much minor contact he could stand. As if he'd been the one assaulted. Then again, they'd both been violated. In different kinds of ways. She offered him her elbow. He took it in a firm grip, and they slipped away and appeared at the edge of a small town, dark and quiet. The cobblestone streets led up a long hill, and at the top, a looming castle looked down on them, the Dark Mark slithering in the sky above it. He led them forward toward the gates, and just before following him, she caught sight of an old sign hanging off a dead street lamp. Edinburgh Castle This Way . . A/N: Updates every other Sunday. (Next update 10/20) Find me on Tumblr and Twitter under LovesBitca8. I now have a Ko-Fi account. Consider buying me a coffee.
A/N: Happy Sunday! Much love to raven_maiden and Saint Dionysus for their eyes on this. Also, the Facebook Group changed its name to "Rights & Wrongs" due to several Tea-Enthusiasts misguided attempts to join. Please take care of your mental health if you are easily triggered. Elements of non-con and sexual slavery in this chapter. Edinburgh Castle loomed over them as they approached on the cobblestones, devoid of the usual tourists or families. Devoid of the Muggle military guards at the gates. Instead they passed cloaked Death Eaters and seedy Dark object dealers begging for Draco Malfoy's gold like paupers. How far had Voldemort spread his reach? Surely the Muggle governments were now aware of him, if a popular tourist site had been seized. What did the Muggle papers say? She shoved her questions aside, focusing on the familiar silhouette in the distance. A wind howled across the stone path, and Hermione shivered in her négligée, her ankles twisting in the heels. She looked up at the castle now, and a different howl grated with the wind. Werewolves. Their lethal bodies prowled through the turrets over the arched entryway. A jolt of terror shot down her spine. The last time she'd been this close to a werewolf had been in the Great Hall, watching in horror as it hunched over Lavender's body. Draco grabbed her arm and strode forward. She focused on the pressure of his fingers as they drew closer, her heart pounding in her ears, as if trying to drown out the sounds of their sniffing and panting. Once they reached the end of the path, he placed his fingers directly over the tattoo and gave her a yank forward, over the threshold. Goosebumps prickled on her flesh. A magical barrier. "Am I locked in now?" she asked, rubbing the skin where he'd gripped her. He paused, turning to look at her with a cruel expression, a flash of warning in his eyes. He couldn't answer her. Not here. He jerked his head and continued towards the gate. She followed, her eyes shifting in every direction, trying to take in the eyes and ears that could be on them. A pair of Death Eaters stood inside the gates, more lounging and laughing than guarding. "Alright there, Malfoy?" one of them called. "Evening, Relkin. I take it your leg's still healing, if you can't be bothered to stand and greet us?" A grumble and a distant reply as they continued up the path to a second archway, a tighter entrance with tall walls of stone on one side and a steep grassy hill on the other. The moon shone bright and over them as they pushed forward. Two more Death Eaters at the second entrance, standing a little straighter than the first two. They nodded to Draco as he walked through. He ignored them and Hermione followed, eyes fixed on the cobblestones. A low whistle once she passed. She glanced up to find an older man she didn't recognize, leering at her from a set of steep stone stairs leading up the hill. "You bring her to play, Malfoy?" "She's playing with me tonight." Draco steered her towards the steps, and they started to climb. "I don't share, Morrison," he said, with a wink and a handshake as they passed. Morrison chuckled, looking her over before Draco nudged her to continue ahead of him. As they ascended, her cheeks burned at the sudden realization that he had a full view of her legs and backside. She shoved her embarrassment aside, allowing her mind to wander. She had questions. Questions about the guards, the number of Death Eaters moving in and out, the rankings… After mentally reciting a list to ask once they were home again, Hermione finally reached the top of the stairs, turning once to look out over Edinburgh's skyline. It was a clear night, and they were hundreds of feet above sea level. Dark windows and empty streets as far as the eye could see. Had Edinburgh been massacred? Or evacuated? A faint sensation of fingers on her lower back, and she shivered as Draco brushed past her. After a moment, she followed, struggling to keep up with his long strides. She could hear the growing noise of a party as they walked closer to the grey structures jutting into the night sky. He finally turned a corner and led her into a large courtyard, where about fifty men were socializing. She swallowed, trying to conceal her shock as she considered the numbers. It had to be a gathering of Voldemort's elite, but she'd never known him to have such a large inner circle. Were all of these men truly Death Eaters? Or were they simply revelers, delving into their darker impulses now that the Order was gone? She opened her mouth to ask, and realized again that she couldn't. They moved toward the tall buildings to the left, away from the crowd outside, but his feet turned abruptly, as if he'd just remembered something. She stumbled to keep up with him as he took her elbow and dragged her to the solitary lamp still flickering in this part of the courtyard. Once he was illuminated with ambers and golds, she watched him breathe deep and stare at her with cold, dead eyes. "I'm showing you how to behave," he murmured. His eyes dipped towards her chest. "Nod your head." Her heart thundered, and she refrained from looking over to the crowd they were playing for. She nodded at his shoes. "How am I to behave?" One hand reached up, and she held her breath when he tucked a curl behind her ear, tilting her face up with his hand on her jaw. A different mask had clicked into place. His eyes flickered with heat as he breathed over her, dancing along her clavicles and neck. "Obedient, but not broken." She blinked quickly at him, feeling the warmth of his fingers behind her ear, watching his eyes storm, and the Malfoy smirk slowly return over his features. "Oi! Malfoy!" The call from across the courtyard startled her. She tried to turn around but Draco's hand on her face held her firmly in place. He lifted his head and called out, "Evening, Bole," before dropping his hand to her elbow and dragging her to the buildings they were headed for. She heard a faint smattering of "Is that her?" and "Finally!" behind her shoulder as his pace quickened. The gap in the buildings led to another large, dimly-lit courtyard. Four blocky buildings bordered the area, a clock tower climbing high from the one to their left. It was eerily quiet in the summer air, but she still felt like hundreds of eyes were on her. His hand rose to her lower back as he pushed them onwards, and she jumped at the contact before settling into the warmth of his hand. He steered them towards one of the blocky buildings, about three stories tall and as long as the entire courtyard. She wondered what kind of sordid debauchery awaited her inside the walls. How many of her friends would she find in chains, beaten and broken? How many familiar faces would she find abusing and raping the innocent? The courtyard answered her in silence. They reached the entrance, the wooden doors heavy and foreboding. A pause, and then Draco pushed open the door for her. Music, lifting above the stone floors and into the wooden arches overhead A soft jazzy tune she remembered from her Muggle life. A bustling of laughter and clinking glasses. She tried to peer around the edge of the entryway to see more, but a girl appeared, blocking her view. She held a tray of champagne glasses and wore a short slip that shimmered like the bubbles in the flutes. She wore a silver collar around her thin neck. The girl looked up at them, eyes landing on Hermione with a flicker, before turning a coquettish smile on Draco. "Good evening, Master Malfoy." "Charlotte," he greeted, lifting two champagne glasses off the tray. He silently offered Hermione one, and she stared down at it until he pushed it into her chest. She clutched the crystal between her fingers as Charlotte stepped aside for them, and Draco guided her into the room. It was a hall, maybe half the size of Hogwarts' Great Hall. People mingled, glasses sparkled, and conversation bubbled up to the arched ceiling. Her eyes struggled to capture everything. Chandeliers hung over the room, burning low and casting shadows over the suits of armor and coat of arms lining the walls. Her eyes flew to a looming fireplace across the room, its pale stone reaching high towards the vaulted beams. Perhaps an escape route if she could find Floo powder, assuming it wasn't charmed against her tattoo. The men standing about sipping champagne or swirling tumblers of scotch weren't in Death Eater robes, but still had a stiff uniformity about them, as if they could be called away at any moment. She scanned, recognizing Jugson, Crabbe Sr., Runcorn from the Ministry, and Rabastan and Rodolphus Lestrange. And just after she caught sight of Mulciber, she found Cho Chang looking at her from where she dripped off of his arm like wax. Hermione's breath caught, and she heard sound in a vacuum as Cho turned away, sipping her champagne as if they didn't know each other. Cho smiled sweetly at something Mulciber said, leaning in and looking up at him through her lashes, her long hair swaying down her back. She didn't flinch as his hand slipped down to rub her backside. A chill pressed over her. "Dolohov?" she whispered. A quick shake of Draco's head, and Hermione felt the knot in her stomach unwind. Her eyes flitted through the rest of the room, desperate to discover more of them. Romilda Vane in a corner with a much older man, her neck tilted to the side as he brushed his lips across her skin. Hannah Abbott in a slip even shorter than the others', her limbs skinny and pale, holding a full glass of champagne with haunted eyes. Alicia Spinnet with her arms slung around the shoulders of an unfamiliar man, swaying to the music with a listless smile on her face. Some stood tall and proud at their captors' sides like a treasured concubine, whereas others shrunk into themselves, like used and beaten toys their owners would one day tire of. Draco sipped his champagne as they moved forward, his arm slithering around her back, his hand landing on her opposite hip. She leaned into the embrace for the benefit of any watchful eyes, a shiver passing over her skin. "Malfoy!" Blaise Zabini swaggered toward them with Theo Nott on his heels. Blaise smirked and slid his eyes over her. "Finally let her out of her cage, I see." "Of course," Draco's voice lilted. He threw back the rest of his champagne glass. "She's been ill. Disgusting to look at, really." Blaise's lips twitched, but he said nothing. Theo snorted and sipped his champagne. Hermione looked past them, trying to catch a glimpse of Cho again, then froze — aware of a drop in the room's volume. They had caught the attention of half the hall. Eyes turned to her, Lots and Death Eaters alike. They murmured in low voices to each other, whispering and nodding toward them, and she felt her cheeks burn as unfamiliar gazes traced her knees, her chest, Draco's hand on her hip. A slight squeeze, and she looked up, refocusing on what Zabini and Theo were saying, as if nothing was out of the ordinary. "We're already set up in the suite," Theo said, a casual insolence in his tone. "You're almost late." "But I'm not, am I?" Draco snapped with a quick smile. Hermione felt her skin prickle at the mention of a suite. "Collect your girls. I'll meet you there." "For someone so concerned with timeliness—" "Do fuck off, Theo," Draco cooed. He grinned at Zabini as Theo glared and steered Hermione between them, making sure to knock Theo's shoulder on his way. Hermione felt her legs turn to jelly as they swept through the crowd of people staring at them. "Suite?" she whispered. He waited until they passed a pair of older men sipping scotch before answering, "Do not speak to me in this room." She flinched when he said it, like a slap against her skin. But her logic whispered that she should hear something else. You may speak in a different room. Perhaps the "suite." Her control slipped, mind running wild with thoughts of a hotel suite with a luxurious bed where she and other girls would be forced to do unspeakable things— She blinked, zeroing on in her new focus. Cho. The dark-haired girl didn't look in her direction as they approached. Draco took the lead, nodding at unfamiliar faces while Hermione's eyes kept darting back to Cho as covertly as possible. Her chest stung with the desire to call to her. To rip out of Draco's hold and run to embrace her. Instead she dug her nails into her palms, forcing a look of neutral disinterest at everything she saw. Perhaps Cho felt the same. Maybe that's why she simply tilted her face away from Mulciber as they passed, a deep swallow of her champagne, and a flicker of her fingers against the glass. Draco led her towards the other side of the room near the fireplace, and she scanned briefly for a vase of Floo powder before focusing on who they were headed towards. Avery. Hermione felt her heart in her throat. This man owned Ginny. She was probably stashed away at his estate at this very moment. "Aron," Draco greeted. Avery turned from where he was laughing with a dark-haired woman. He held a cigar between his teeth, and Hermione coughed lightly as they passed through a cloud. "My father sends his regrets that he missed your celebration last weekend." "Draco." Avery took Draco's offered hand in a firm shake, his gaze quickly skimming over Hermione. "Of course, not a problem. I know he's off… where is it again?" He leaned closer, eyes twinkling as he inhaled a deep puff of smoke. Hermione felt the hand on her back stiffen. "Unfortunately, I couldn't say. The mission was between my father and the Dark Lord." Avery nodded, his smirk fading a bit around his cigar. He gestured to the woman to his right, and Hermione noticed she was not wearing a collar. Her dress was long and elegant, sweeping to the floor, her hair twisted in a low chignon unlike all the collared girls. "Madame Minister, may I present Draco Malfoy." Hermione eyed her carefully as Draco kissed her knuckles with a bow. This woman was the Greek Minister for Magic — Eleni Cirillo. Her chest tightened in anticipation. Minister Cirillo was a pureblood, the prominence of her family lineage dating back for centuries in Greece and Italy. Her policies and offhand comments had always carried a tinge of blood supremacy — something she'd vehemently denied to the press in the years before Voldemort's rise. "Malfoy?" she asked, arching one perfect brow. "Lucius' son?" "Yes, Madame Minister. Please accept my apologies on his behalf that he couldn't escort you himself." Avery stared at Draco, eyes narrowing as he took a deep sip of his glass. "Please send my regards to your father. It's been ages." Draco politely inclined his head while the Minister turned her eyes on Hermione. With a sultry dip of her gaze to her chest, the Minister said, "And who do we have here?" "Hermione Granger," Draco said, and she could hear the smirk in his voice. "My Lot." "Indeed?" Minister Cirillo's eyes glittered. "The Golden Girl I've heard so much about." She stepped forward and reached a delicate hand to twirl one of Hermione's curls between her fingertips. "Well, isn't she stunning." She dropped her curl, brushing the backs of her fingers against Hermione's breast. Hermione gasped. "Young Malfoy has been rather ungenerous with her," Avery said, his smirk returning as he sucked on his cigar. "This is the Mudblood's first visit to Edinburgh." She felt Draco's fingers tighten against her hip. The Greek Minister tsked. "That won't do, Malfoy. Who would deprive such a pretty plaything from our festivities?" She gestured widely at the chandeliers and the champagne, the laughter and the lazy smiles. "I would love to escort her this evening, if you'll allow it." "An excellent idea," Avery leered. "What say you, Draco?" Hermione's eyes snapped to Minister Cirillo, certain she'd be no safer on the Minister's arm than on any other Death Eater's. "My apologies, Minister, but I'm under strict orders not to let her leave my side," Draco quickly replied. "Not after what happened with Avery's Lot last month." Avery's eyes turned icy as Hermione's heart thumped wildly. Ginny didn't play nicely with others. Something had happened. Minister Cirillo gave a trilling laugh. "Ah, yes. I heard I missed quite the drama! I confess I'm disappointed I missed the chance to meet the Dark Lord's favored pet. Perhaps in the future, Aron." "Perhaps," Avery gritted out. The Minister turned to Draco. "Very well, then. But I do hope you reconsider at some point, Draco. The girl deserves a bit of the fun as well." She paused, and Hermione could feel her appraising eyes on her figure even as she stared at the floor. "Mulciber leant me his girl last weekend, and I can assure you that she had a splendid time. Another beauty, is she not?" Hermione's breath caught and she glanced up, scanning the room for Cho again. She found her running her fingers through the long locks of another girl, pressing her hips into her side as Mulciber eyed them lecherously. Hermione swallowed, quickly looking away. Her attention came back to Minister Cirillo as she stepped closer to Draco to whisper against his cheek, her clear blue eyes straying down Hermione's chest again. "No need to keep the girl so tightly wound." Hermione blinked and stared at the ground again, processing. Was she doing so poorly already? Her chest flushed, suddenly angry at Draco for not giving her the proper information to play this game. "A fair point, Madame Minister," said Draco, and she knew a wink had accompanied the lazy drawl. "She'll be around more often then?" Avery asked. "When she's a good girl, she'll get to come out and play," Draco said smoothly. His hand slithered across her back, dragging along the silk until his warm palm ran up her ribs. Her breath caught as his fingers slid up her jaw, and she turned her eyes to him when he tilted her head back, just as he had outside under the lamp. "She's not always good, though," he said with a smile. She heard chuckling, a shiver around the room. More eyes were on them. Draco's gaze dipped to her mouth, and his thumb dragged across her bottom lip, opening her lips. A heartbeat when she thought he'd kiss her. "When I'm back next month, I hope to see her again," Minister Cirillo said. Draco's hand dropped away. He excused them, shook Minister Cirillo's hand again, and guided Hermione back to the front of the room. They passed a young girl, no more than fifteen, standing in the corner with Jugson while he socialized. The girl's olive skin was drained and pale, and her eyes were shining with tears when she looked at them. Hermione felt a fire burn in her belly as Draco pushed her along, fingers itching to hex off the greedy hand that stroked the girl's waist. Apprehension swallowed her anger when they turned the corner, meeting a dark corridor. Draco took her elbow and guided them through a carved door, opening to the clock tower building. Several people in corners speaking lowly with each other paid them no mind, and he turned toward a winding stone staircase, not releasing her elbow. As if she would fly away with the breeze if he did. A boy she recognized from the year below them stood at the top of the stairs. Harper, she thought his name was. He stood tall once Draco's head bobbed up the steps. He greeted Draco and reached for the door. "Harper," Draco chastised, in the same tone he used for Crabbe and Goyle when they were being terribly dense. Harper jumped, as if his hand had been burned by the doorknob. "Right. Sorry. I just recognized you—" "That doesn't matter," Draco sneered. He extended his left hand, and Harper's wand tapped the emerald ring he wore on his thumb. A class ring of sorts — something she'd only seen on the Slytherin boys. The ring that had cut her lip the night Draco slapped her. The end of Harper's wand turned green. With a nod to Draco, Harper turned to her next, and his eyes slid to her gold collar. He pressed the tip of his wand to the metal, and eyed the warm golden light now emanating from it. Another nod before he turned the doorknob for them. Uproarious laughter met her ears. Thick, deep voices — some familiar from her childhood — ricocheted through a small room decorated in lavish patterned wallpaper and dark woods. When the door opened, nine heads turned to them from around a long table, their conversations trailing off. She blinked, struggling to register every person in the room. The boy at the end of the table stood, his chair knocking back, and smiled at her with greedy black eyes. Marcus Flint. "Miss Granger," he crooned. "We're delighted." In a disturbing shadow of chivalry, every person at the table came to their feet, all eyes still locked on her. She recognized Zabini, Nott, and Goyle. Adrian Pucey stood to Flint's right, and Montague on his left. Three boys in the center of the table she struggled to place. And lining the walls were nine girls in collars. One of them looked up to meet her eyes before blanching and dropping her head down. Susan Bones. The rest of them kept their eyes down. Penelope Clearwater stood behind Marcus Flint's chair. Mortensen from the Ministry holding cells stood behind Pucey, and she thought she recognized one or two more classmates, but the rest were unfamiliar to her. "Sorry to keep you waiting, gentlemen," Draco said, stepping forward to shake Flint's hand. "The Greek Minister took an interest in my Lot." Hermione waited in the doorway, pausing for instruction as Draco greeted his friends. A girl with strawberry-blonde hair looked up at her from across the room, and the calculated interest in her eyes made Hermione look away, ashamed. She could only imagine what they must think of her. The privileged Lot. She turned her gaze back to the table and found several bottles of wine decanting, some already half-drunk. A pig roast lay in the center of the table, an apple in its mouth, looking like he had been caught on the wrong side of all this as well. Gregory Goyle hadn't taken his eyes off her legs since the moment she walked in, so she felt the pit in her stomach loosen when Draco guided her to the other side of the table to stand behind the only empty chair — the head, across from Flint. Draco took his seat, the conversation easy and boisterous again. The moment he sat, the nine girls around the table stepped forward, reaching for the wine bottles. She watched as they poured the russet wine into the glass of the boy in front of them. Several eyes turned on her as she stared at them, doing nothing. Were they expected to play their parts as menial servants as the boys had their fun? Even though all ten of them had full use of their wands? "Come on, Granger," Draco taunted. "Do keep up." Stepping forward on trembling legs, she reached around Draco's shoulder for the decanter of wine next to his glass, filling it. The girls had stepped back, blending in with the wallpaper, and Hermione quickly followed their lead. She let out a shaky breath as she leaned into the windowsill behind her, letting the cool glass press against her shoulder blades. Draco lifted his glass. "To the Dark Lord's power. May he reign forevermore." The boys chorused his toast, and Hermione saw Penelope Clearwater's lip tremble out of the corner of her eye. The clamor of ten boys chatting and drinking washed over her, and she tried catching onto snippets of conversation where she could. "Cass, what did your father say about—" "—hear about the incident at the Bastille?" "What did I tell you! It was a two laceflies, not three—" "Think they'll still play this year? I missed the last World Cup." Hermione reeled, her dizzy mind trying to narrow down what she should be focusing on. Which of the conversations? She couldn't follow all of them at once. Or was it what existed in the silence, in the glances and bullying? She glanced at the other Lots for cues, but they were staring fixedly at their heels. Except for the strawberry-blonde girl, who looked more attentive than the rest. What was she staring at? And through it all, Marcus Flint kept grinning at her. "Malfoy," Flint called across the table, and the room dipped into silence. "Dragon Pox?" He gestured to her with his soup spoon. "Not Dragon Pox after all. But she was disgusting. Pocks and puss." Draco made a face, and when he turned over his shoulder, he glared at her. "You tired? Can't stand straight?" Every eye turned on her. And she realized that every girl was standing tall, waiting to be called upon. She pushed up from the windowsill. "No, sir." A chorus of chuckling trembled the room. And she remembered what he'd said. Obedient, but not broken. "I'm just not used to wearing heels. Sir." The room held its breath. And then Draco's eyes flashed at her while the table erupted with laughter. "Have quite a handful with her, don't you?" "Pour her a glass of wine!" "You gonna tell the Headmaster on us, Granger?" "Tell you what, Granger," Blaise Zabini said with a smirk. "You can have a break from your footwear if Draco allows you to sit on my lap for the rest of the night." The boys howled, and Blaise winked at her. Draco cleared his throat, scowling. "She will do no such thing." The laughter petered out, though the corners of Blaise's mouth twitched behind his glass. "Merlin's sack, Malfoy," Theo Nott murmured. "Why bring her?" He leered at her and chuckled. "Oh, how the mighty have fallen. I was so looking forward to Granger being Head Girl last year." His innuendo landed on her skin like ice water. "We should give her a chance to earn her title." Montague snorted into his wine, and Flint's fingers danced along the rim of his glass. "A shame indeed, Theo," Draco said smoothly, "seeing as I've heard rumors that you were a shoe-in for Head Boy. You could have shared the 'head' duties quite nicely." Blaise spit up his wine, laughing into his sleeve. Flint and Pucey giggled drunkenly. Theo glared at Draco. "What the fuck is that supposed—" Draco stood suddenly, cutting him off. "Pucey? Will you do the honors?" He nodded to the pig in the middle of the table. "I'm starving." Adrian Pucey stood with a smirk, and produced a carving knife. Hermione listened to the boys chat while each girl approached Pucey to take a plate to their escort. Susan Bones retrieved Goyle two servings, and he thanked her with a tweak to her nipple through her thin dress. Hermione moved around the table to Pucey's side when it was her turn; she could feel him watching her as the conversation continued, eyes raking her body. "She looks pampered, Malfoy," Pucey said, twirling his knife, Hermione's heartbeat quickened as he began spinning the blade on his thumb. "Do you have any fun with her at all?" They laughed. And she glanced to Mortensen, who stood behind Pucey's chair peeling an orange for him with her eyes glued to his knife as it spun. "You know how much I paid for her, Adrian," Draco drawled. "Of course I bathe her in milk and lavender every night." Flint laughed. But Pucey's eyes were darting across her skin. Hermione drew in a slow breath, trying to think about how she should react. It was true that she was at a healthy weight. She had limited sunlight these days; all freckles from her year on the run had vanished— Quick as lightning, a glint of metal, and then Pucey was a breath away, his knife between her skin and the strap of her slip. He tugged on it. "She's a Mudblood, Draco. She only needs to lay on her back." His crisp white teeth flashed at her, his breath hot on her face. "Besides, I always heal them afterwards." She froze in horror as the knife cut through the strap, her heart fluttering wildly and her eyes bulging to the only exit — her dress slipping down her chest— The knife zoomed away from her skin, spinning through the air to pierce the wallpaper as Pucey jumped backward. Her strap repaired itself, and she turned to see Draco pocketing his wand, hot rage simmering beneath his cool facade. "I'm not sure how many more times I need to say it," he whispered, and the room was barely breathing. "That Mudblood is mine. Her mouth is mine, her cunt is mine, her skin is mine." His teeth bit through the words, and he met eyes with every person at the table before saying, "You will not touch her, under any circumstances. I purchased her. I do what I please with her." Her skin tingled where she could still feel the ghost of Pucey's knife. Her breath was shallow as she watched Draco glare at them, still a statue until he was satisfied that he was heard. "Now bring me a bloody plate. I said I was hungry." A grumbled sigh, and then Pucey was piling a plate with food and handing it to her. She moved back to the head of the table on jerky legs, and Draco took his seat as she set his plate before him. Before she could move back to the windowsill, his arm wrapped around her waist and dragged her down to his lap. She struggled not to squeak as she landed oddly across his thighs. His hand pressed on her stomach to keep her close, and he picked up with fork with a sophisticated twirl. "Now, what were you saying about the Chudley Cannons, Warrington?" The air was still dense in the room as the boys around the table drifted back into friendly conversation, but Hermione wished they could prop open a window. The heat from Draco's chest and thighs, the feeling of his ribs rumbling into her own whenever he spoke, the puff of hot air across her neck whenever he laughed were inescapable. She tried to concentrate, tried to listen in for clues about the world outside, but she was distracted by Draco's hand on her stomach, stiff and warm. She tried to shift away from him, to make herself more comfortable, but his hand jumped to her ribs, holding her, keeping her from twisting about. The other girls stood by the walls, stepping forward to fill the empty glasses. Ten minutes after conversation resumed, Penelope Clearwater stepped forward and reached for Flint's wine. He caught her wrist smoothly and pulled her down to his lap as well, and she stumbled as Flint pulled her blonde curls to the side. Hermione felt guilt boiling in her gut when Goyle tugged down Susan Bones to his lap, wondering if she and Draco had started this trend, or if the girls normally fell into their laps after dinner. Theo Nott was the first one to offer his girl a bite of his cheese. And when she smiled at him in thanks, Hermione wondered if this was simply the second part of the evening. When the slaves ate the scraps from their masters' tables. Two of the girls began clearing plates, and Hermione watched the table settings disappear entirely once they were taken to the credenza. Elf magic here as well, but she wondered at the distinctly Muggle task of clearing dishes, something no wizarding family did without magic. When one of them reached for Montague's plate, he stabbed at them sharply with the tines of his fork, and then made a show about eating one last bite. The intricacies of the power dynamics stunned her. From the boisterous conversations in the middle of the table, she started to place the other three boys. Cassius Warrington, Terrence Higgs, and Miles Bletchley. The entire Slytherin Quidditch team, spanning over several years. The rings made more sense to her. Higgs seemed the least entertained with the evening, barely enjoying the blonde that had dropped into his lap. The girls started reaching for their own cheese and fruit as the boys got drunker, several of them smiling and pretending to enjoy themselves. She caught snippets of conversation, something about Pucey's aunt in Liverpool, Bletchley's second home in Germany, Nott's injury last month. But nothing stood out as particularly important. Draco kept to one glass of wine, but she watched the other girls drain the decanters into their masters' glasses. Hermione kept her hands folded in her lap and her eyes down, finding that when she looked around the table she would always catch the eyes of one of them. "Draco," Flint called across the table, his cheeks flushed with the wine and his fingers playing with Penelope's curls. "Since we won't be getting a taste, tell us a bit about Granger. Is she just as fiery in the bedroom?" A guffaw or two, then the table went silent. And Draco's fingertips twitched against her ribs. She felt the press of them as her breath exhaled slowly. She heard his throat click as he swallowed. "What do you want to know?" He lifted his wine glass, draining it. Hermione felt her heartbeat against the champagne glass she held tightly between fingers. "She just as swotty in bed?" Laughter clattered against the spoons, and she lifted her head to find every eye on her, hungry with lust or cruel amusement. She blinked down again, her cheeks burning. "In the beginning," Draco said finally, a low hum through her back. "Now she knows how to relax — to avoid punishment." She felt a shiver at her shoulder blades, spreading outwards and sinking into her skin. "What's her cunt like?" Montague asked, biting back a smirk. "Delicious." There was stillness, and Hermione thought perhaps Draco had said the wrong thing. Because it wouldn't be necessary to… it wouldn't be something that he'd… that they'd— "You make her come?" Goyle asked, voicing her concerns with a grimace. "Usually more than once," he said, as if he'd been asked about the weather. "Not in the beginning of course. And if she's misbehaving I don't bother." Hermione chanced a glance up and caught the eyes of another Lot before the girl looked down shamefully, as if Hermione had just discovered her own secret. Perhaps it wasn't as unheard of to make their partners orgasm. "With the potion or without?" one of them asked dubiously. Her eyes flicked up to Penelope. The potion — the one Marcus Flint had administered to Pansy and Penelope. Before tonight, Hermione only had an idea of what it did. Now she understood. "Without," Draco sneered. "It's so much more satisfying — no offense, Marcus — to have them moaning and begging for it all by themselves, don't you think?" His hand lifted off her ribs and reached for a curl, twisting it lightly. "And the sounds she makes," he hummed. She could feel his breath on her cheek. Her ribs refused to expand, holding to hear what he had to say. "When she's close, it's just like she's back in class, anxious to get an answer right. Can't stop moving, can't shut her mouth." She stared down at the tablecloth, struggling to breathe. Her stomach was tight as his fingers threaded in the hair behind her ear, tilting her face to him. "I'd rather slide into her when she's wet, and hating herself for it." She kept her eyes on his collar, unable to meet his eyes. It's just a game, she told herself. He doesn't mean any of it. The wine brought a flush to his neck, the pink splotches attached to his throat as he swallowed. He'd played his role well. It wasn't until Zabini spoke that she realized the boys were deathly quiet. "I have to say, I'm the same," he said, an air of levity in his tone, as if he was politely changing the subject from something particularly nasty. "Never been one to use sex for punishment, myself. But"—he nodded to Flint—"I do appreciate that potion some days." Zabini raised his glass. "To Marcus' ingenuity." They toasted, and Flint grinned. "I'll have a fresh batch next week." He turned a calculated smirk on Draco and said, "I'd be honored if Miss Granger would partake. On the house, of course." A tense pause. Eyes on her, eyes flickering between Draco and Flint. Draco tilted his head, and she could feel the breath he drew before replying, "You're too kind." Marcus Flint winked at him, and drained the rest of his wine glass. "I find that once they've had the potion, they're more amenable the next time," one of them said. Another agreed. And she listened to them trade stories about the girls in their laps or girls in the past, as if they were all back in the Slytherin Quidditch changing rooms. The laughter started again. Montague told a particularly nasty story about a girl he'd been with at Hogwarts and he bounced the girl on his lap in a crude imitation of it, jostling her until she spilled her champagne glass. Hermione tried to focus on the girls, the exits, the sharp cutlery — anything but the horrendous display of masculinity and sexuality. Or the way Draco's hand stayed in her curls, threading and twisting softly. Warrington had begun to run his hands over his girl's hips and stomach, and Hermione saw a sliver of her knickers as her dress slid up. One of the girls passing out fruit and sweets smiled demurely every time a wandering hand squeezed her backside or drifted up the side of her thigh. Marcus Flint's lips traveled along Penelope's neck in between conversation with his friends, and Susan Bones looked as if she might be sick as Goyle turned her to straddle him in the chair. Hermione felt acid in her throat, burning away at her lungs. If this is what happened in public, she couldn't even imagine what the private affairs consisted of. Not even the slow rub of Draco's thumb behind her ear could distract her from the tightness in her chest. The boys were talking over each other, louder and louder. She felt Draco laugh when Nott made a joke, bellow when Pucey dared Flint to chug the rest of his bottle, chuckle when Blaise went to grab more wine. As her eyes followed Blaise out, they landed on Goyle pushing on Susan's shoulders, urging her down to her knees. She gasped, choking on the air. No one batted an eye. One more glance showed Susan's shaking fingers unbuckling Goyle's trousers, her face pale but resigned. She couldn't breathe. This was their fate now — reduced to whores at a pure-blood party, serving their food and wine and smiling while they were groped and raped. Her eyes blurred as tears sprung. She understood now why Ginny couldn't "play nice," despite what it must have cost her. Draco's hand moved to the back of her neck, sensing the tension in her body, the change in her breathing. Disgust and guilt dripped into her veins like poison, sickened to think that she felt safe with him while the rest of them were forced into this. She felt him freeze the moment he discovered what had disturbed her. "Really, Goyle?" Draco hissed, cutting through the noise and laughter. Hermione jumped with the sound of it against her ear. "Not at the dinner table." Several of the boys chuckled as realization dawned, leaning over the table to watch. "Wanted dessert," Goyle muttered, head tilting and eyes rolling back, his wine glass clutched in his hand. "You know that's for the other room, Greg," Flint said disapprovingly. His free hand reached down, grabbing Susan's hair. "Almost done." Hermione bit back the bile rising, shaking her skin and twisting around her like ink. She still couldn't breathe. Even with Draco's hand on her neck, telling her to be calm, she couldn't drown out the sounds as Susan gurgled and choked. "Wonder if Bones gives it as good as Weasley did." Her eye twitched. Her shallow breath felt like ice in her chest. "Now there was a pair of lips I'd like around my cock," Montague continued. "Wish Avery would have given me a turn when he was done with her—" Goyle's glass shattered — a spray of crystal shards across the dinner table. Fruit and cheese exploding outwards and bouncing away. The boys scattered to their feet, and a pressure released in her chest as Draco spun her body away, his wand already in his hand. Looking down at his hand in amazement, Goyle flexed his fingers, glass and blood in his palm. Susan crawled out from under the table. Hermione breathed deep. Her magic. Draco looked down at her in shock, his chin bumping her nose. He sat her upright, his arms releasing their grip. Marcus Flint was the first to start laughing. "Merlin, Goyle! Don't get too excited!" Pucey and Montague joined, jostling Goyle — ribbing him for squeezing his glass so hard that it shattered. "You'd think he'd never been sucked off before!" "Serves you right for starting the fun too soon." Goyle smiled as he adjusted his trousers, assuming responsibility. Blaise reentered with arms full of bottles, and laughed as he took in the scene. Flint, with a smarmy grin, turned to the girls around the table and said, "Ladies. On all fours." Draco's fingers twitched on her ribs, and he glared at Flint. "I want every piece of glass picked up, every bit of food gathered, and every boot kissed," Flint said, grinning at Draco. Several of the girls had already dropped to their knees, gathering glass. Hermione tried to calm her racing heart. Losing control like she just had was too dangerous. She pushed away all thoughts of Ginny and tucked them into a corner of her bookshelf. Standing to start cleaning up, she was stopped by Draco's hand on her wrist. "Think your Mudblood is too good to do our cleaning, Draco?" "I do, actually. I don't usually let 65,000 Galleons drop on the floor." Hermione looked back and forth between them. Every other girl had gone to their knees, beginning to clean while the boys watched and started drinking again. "She's still just a Mudblood," Flint said slowly, a smirk parting his lips to reveal his perfect, new teeth. "Right, Draco?" There was a challenge in his voice, and Draco stared him down. She watched Blaise pop a bottle of champagne with ease, his eyes on Flint and Draco with an air of indifference. Draco released her wrist. She quickly fell to her knees, relishing the first time in hours that there weren't thousands of eyes on her. She crawled forward, feeling glass digging into her palms and knees, and savored the pain of it. She had to be strong — for Ginny, for Ron. For Harry. For all of the slaves who were suffering horrors and fighting battles Hermione could only imagine. But while plucking up pieces of cheese and bread and siphoning out the glass, the laughter started again, threatening her resolve. Tears filled her eyes once more, and she sniffed, barely holding them at bay. Her hand met another under the table. She looked up and found nine girls staring at her with weary eyes, holding hands with each other. Her breath rattled as the strawberry-blonde grabbed her other hand. Barely a heartbeat passed before the nine of them continued moving, gathering food and pulling glass out of their knees. These girls had survived the past two months and would continue to survive. She could survive one night and a fraction of the horror. Putting a stopper on the overflowing bottle of her emotions, she came to her feet and stood next to Draco's chair. She focused on a bookshelf, and imagined the pages filling with the images of this evening until they snapped shut and slid into forgotten dusty shelf. It wasn't long before Flint stood and said, "Shall we move to the Lounge, gentlemen?" Pucey and Montague quickly rose from their chairs, taking their girls by the waist. Goyle was jostled from where he was falling asleep against Susan's shoulder. Hermione remembered what Flint said earlier. That's for the other room. What Goyle did to Susan was acceptable in the next room. Surely Draco wouldn't take her there. The other room was clearly intended for much more than "minor contact." Her heart started to pound again, and she breathed in, searching for a lake with still waters. One by one, the boys gradually led their girls from the room. Draco hung back, taking his time with draining his second glass of wine. Relief began seeping into Hermione's veins. He was stalling so they could make an easy escape. She stood silently by his side, eyes fixed on the floor as Zabini murmured to his girl on their way past. "Draco." Hermione looked up to find Flint stopped in the doorway with Penelope, Pucey and Mortensen behind them. "You're coming, of course?" Hermione's breath hitched. Draco passed a hand through his hair and said, "I'm afraid not. I have an important call with my father this evening." His hand drifted to the small of her back, ready to guide her out. "I knew he wouldn't," Pucey slurred in Flint's ear. "Come now, Draco!" Flint gestured dramatically. "I've already won ten Galleons from Montague. He bet you'd never bring her to dinner." He smiled and pointed his thumb to Pucey. "This one says we couldn't get her into the Lounge." The way they grinned at her, the way "the Lounge" rolled off Flint's tongue — it made Hermione's stomach churn. Draco forced a smile and fiddled with the ring on his thumb. "Perhaps another time." Flint sauntered towards them. "What time is your Floo call?" His tone was deceptively casual. A quick pause, and Hermione wondered if he was trying to figure out the time. "Half-past twelve. So we—" "Plenty of time!" Flint clapped Draco on the shoulder, as if the deed was done. "Just a little tour." His eyes raked over Hermione's chest and shoulders. "I want to see what the Golden Girl thinks of our little club." His hand was tight on her back, sending tension up her spine. "I suppose we have twenty minutes." "Twenty minutes is plenty of time for me," Pucey said with a wink. A laugh burst from his chest as he dragged Mortensen out the door. A gentle push on her lower back, and she was propelled forward. Hermione memorized the path they took back down the stairs, trying to quell the growing panic in her ribs. Harper followed after her and Draco as they fell into step with Flint and Penelope, his hand on her backside as he chatted with Draco about his recent trip to Brazil. They retraced their steps back through the hall past several people still mingling in corners, having hushed conversations over sloshing drinks. Pushing through a door on the other side, Hermione felt the low thrumming of a bass drum, the music rhythmic and sultry. She closed her eyes as they waited, summoning what was left of her control. Think of a lake with still waters. The curtains parted, revealing the girl from the beginning of the night — Charlotte — with a tray of champagne and scotch. "Gentlemen," she greeted with a wide smile. Her lips were still violently red, her hair still falling in perfect waves. Probably glamoured to stay that way. Flint plucked a scotch from her tray. "Charlotte, dear," he cooed. "You look ravishing. When are you finally going to come home with me?" He pouted and stroked her arm. "Flattery will get you everywhere, Marcus." Charlotte winked at him and turned to offer the tray to Draco. "And you know the Carrows wouldn't allow it." Hermione stared at her, filing that information away as Draco pressed another glass of champagne into her hands. The Carrows were involved here. And in charge of some of the girls. Her eyes fell on Charlotte's silver collar as the pretty girl batted her lashes at Draco, then Blaise, as she glided down the line with her tray. The music swelled when they finally passed through the curtains, entering a large room with deep blue walls and dark woods. Dozens of couches and armchairs facing each other in intimate seating areas, stretching in every direction. Low candlelight and thick clouds of smoke overhead. Hermione's eyes widened, darting around the room. Men on couches with girls in their laps. Silver-collared girls walking around with crystal platters of cocktails and hors d'oeuvres, heels higher and slips shorter than hers. A door flung open to their left and Hermione jumped as a man stumbled out, buckling his trousers. Staring into the small room, she could see a girl standing next to an armchair, straightening her dress with a practiced smile before Draco pushed her onwards. She swallowed the acid in her throat, eyes struggling to take in every corner. A gambling table to the right with several men gathered, a few girls on their arms cheering them on. Nott Sr. at the head, tossing dice with a leggy blonde at his elbow. Hermione jerked her head in the opposite direction, afraid to catch his eye. On one couch she thought she saw a man sleeping peacefully, but then realized his head was thrown back in bliss, a girl on the ground between his legs with her mouth on him. She quickly averted her gaze, throat burning again, but it was like she'd opened Pandora's box. No matter where her eyes darted, she found others in similar positions — out in the open like that. A blonde girl in only knickers and a bra passed in front of them, leading an older man towards a wall of doors on the left. He was already unbuttoning as he followed her into a small booth. It was like a brothel with elements of a Muggle strip club. Transactions were either out in the open or hidden away in private stalls; it seemed to depend on the man's preference. Hermione saw a girl bouncing on top of a young man in a way that was clearly penetrative. Her cheeks burned as they passed the couple, acutely aware of Draco's presence next to her, the girl's pants and breathy moans echoing in her ears. Flint led them deeper into the room, and Draco's hand on her back pressed her close to his side. She knew he'd done his best to avoid bringing her here, to "The Lounge." They had barely been able to look at each other for the past few weeks — ending up here tonight was probably the last thing he wanted. There was no easy way to manage the situation. They'd simply have to survive it. They turned a corner through a large archway and into another room, the left half obscured by private booths. Several more doors on the farthest wall; the other side filled with plush velvet couches and chairs. A roaring fireplace on the right wall, sending ambers across the room, and a blue sphere of light overhead, casting shadows on familiar faces. Two girls in silver collars danced on a cleared platform near the center of the seating area, similar to a stage at a club, while men lounged and chatted in chairs facing them. Her lungs filled with air, steadying her. Apart from the dancing, there was nothing she hadn't seen in the other room. She found Charlotte moving through the crowd with a tray of hors d'oeuvres and fruit, another girl following her with drinks. The men's hands would pass over their backsides and up their thighs as they served, and Charlotte sent each a wink and a smile. The olive-skinned teenager was being dragged by the arm into a private booth as they passed, her eyes red and her cheeks streaming with tears. Hermione blinked, looking away. Somewhere in her mind's eye, there was a lake. A clear lake, the water still and unmoving— The party halted, shattering her concentration. Marcus plopped onto a couch facing Theo and his date, and dragged Penelope down to his side. Penelope looked like she'd finally arrived at the moment she'd been dreading all night as Marcus slung his arm around her shoulders and played with her curls. Draco started to direct her towards a different set of couches, but Flint grabbed the arm of a large chair and dragged it closer, gesturing for Draco to sit. Draco smiled thinly and folded himself into the cushions, pushing Hermione to sit on the arm of the chair instead of his lap. She wasn't sure it was any better — from this perch, she had a vantage point of the entire room. "Miss Granger," Flint lilted over the thrumming music. "How do you like The Lounge? Is it everything you dreamed of and more?" He smirked into his glass, his eyes locked on her. Hermione tore her eyes away and stared at her lap, pressing her lips closed. Afraid of opening her mouth, like the anger and bile would come tumbling out of her in waves if she did. "I'd say they really should be thanking us," Warrington called to Flint from the next couch over, his Lot in his lap, her lips on his neck. "Thanking you?" The scornful reply left her throat before she could catch herself. Draco went very still next to her. Her heartbeat fluttered amidst her growing sense of panic. Warrington leveled his gaze on her. "That's right, Mudblood. Thanking us for giving you such a fine hall. For inviting you to dinner and pouring you champagne." She looked down in a show of obedience, heart thumping madly. "You Muggles are all the same," Pucey drawled. "It's in your true nature. You don't have to deny it any longer, Granger." He leered at her, and she felt her skin crawl. "Look how much they all enjoy it!" He turned and gestured to the slaves — the dancing two giggled, another moaned as she ground her hips on a man in a chair. And on another couch, Cho Chang kissed another girl slowly as Mulciber watched, rubbing himself through his trousers. "Come on, Granger," Flint crooned. "Don't be such a spoilsport." His fingers started unbuckling his belt, and Penelope set down her champagne glass, crawling to the floor between his knees with a blank expression. "Let Draco know just how much you appreciate him." Hermione jerked her eyes away, her breath tight in her chest as she found Warrington's girl turning to straddle his lap. Her stomach squeezed, and vomit pumped into her throat. She swallowed it down and stared at a wall. Draco dropped a hand on her knee — a quiet warning not to move. "I prefer my appreciation in private. Besides, I'd hate to distract your birds with the size of my cock." She listened to Flint laugh, his breath thin with excitement from the things Penelope was doing to him. She watched Charlotte offer fruit to the boys that weren't currently forcing oral sex on their slaves. She smelled the cigar smoke and heard the sound of laughter and clinking glasses and gasping and moaning. Her true nature, he'd said. As a Muggle. Draco whispered to her that they would leave shortly, and she blinked slowly at the carpets, eyes glued to the knees of a brunette she hardly knew as the girl sat before a pure-blood boy who believed she should thank him for the opportunity. A pair of champagne heels attached to tan legs crossed into her view. Charlotte with the tray. She offered to fetch Draco a drink, and he declined, saying they were leaving soon. Hermione barely heard them, slightly swaying on her perch. An overwhelming exhaustion pushed at her eyelids. "Miss Granger?" Looking up to find Charlotte still hovering, her vision clearing when she blinked. She frowned, confused to be directly addressed. "Anything to eat?" Charlotte asked, long lashes batting slowly at her, her arm lowering to offer Hermione the basket of fruit. "Grapes, perhaps?" Hermione stared down, finding a vine of thick, burgundy grapes — calling to her from another lifetime — something that used to mean something. Her mind cleared like a shock. She looked up with wide eyes. Charlotte plucked one and extended it to her with a soft smile. Hermione took it, tucking it away quickly in her hand, as though hiding a stolen good. Her heart hammered against her ribs, a memory of her shaking fingers spelling out with grapes against the Ministry floors what her voice couldn't express. She searched for Charlotte again, but she'd moved away. Across the room, Cho Chang met her gaze for the first time, her arms wound around Mulciber's shoulders as he kissed her collarbones. Cho pushed a plump, ripe grape between her painted lips, her eyes burning with the fire of a revolution. . . A/N: Updates every other Sunday. (Next update 11/3) The Audiobook Warriors have started posting chapters of The Right Thing to Do! Check it out on Spotify, YouTube, and several other spots. Find me on Tumblr and Twitter under LovesBitca8. I now have a Ko-Fi account. Consider buying me a coffee.
A/N: Apologies for the late update. I was sick all weekend and didn't get the chapter to my LOVELY Alphas until late. Enjoy! There was a ringing in her ears as Draco stood from the armchair, taking her elbow and muttering his goodbyes. The boys were heavily distracted by now, and let them go without too much of a fuss. Hermione popped the grape into her mouth as Draco turned her around, suddenly terrified that someone might see and discover her secret. She allowed him to drag her through the room, her eyes darting wildly to take in every girl on a lap, every girl on their knees, every girl laughing and drinking. Cho didn't glance at her again. Charlotte had moved on. She swept the room looking for more eyes, more fire, more grapes. Not alone. She'd used grapes to spell out those words on the Ministry floors once. To give a shred of hope to the fifty terrified, bruised girls that had crowded around her, preparing to live out their worst nightmares. But had it been a coincidence? Cho knew what the grapes meant, but how could Charlotte? Had Charlotte truly meant to offer her a symbol of hope? Hermione didn't remember her from the Ministry. Who was she? Draco led her to a large fireplace, and a jar of Floo powder materialized before them. The flames turned green as he announced, "Malfoy Manor," and with a yank on her arm, the noise from the Lounge snapped out of existence, and she was in the cool, moonlit entryway of Malfoy Manor, with nothing but her heartbeat in her ears. She breathed heavily, her mind spinning with the questions she needed to ask, the images she wanted to forget. Draco dropped her arm softly. It fell limply to her side. She screwed her eyes shut, struggling to calm her breathing. She could feel his eyes on her, waiting, but the questions she needed answered felt too intimate and still too large for the Malfoy Manor entryway. The faintest of touches on her lower back, and he wordlessly led her up the stairs. The horrors of the evening floated up as they ascended. She shoved the disturbing images aside, forcing away all the questions that felt unimportant and too personal. How could you just look the other way? So you just sit there while your friends force those girls to open their mouths and thighs for them? And the most shameful one, tugging at her chest — Who was in your lap before me? They'd reached her bedroom. Hermione pushed the door open with her fingertips and paused, turning around. Draco stood a few long paces away, staring at his shoes. The carpet. Anywhere but her. She took a deep breath and steeled herself, closing the doorway from her heart to her lips, focusing only on the cold questions in her mind. "Who were all of those girls? I didn't recognize all of them from Hogwarts or the Auction." Draco tucked his hands in his pockets, and she watched them shake once before stilling. He seemed resigned to answering her questions. "Some are Muggles from Edinburgh. Some are from prominent families who have challenged the Dark Lord's rule. Some are young witches who were found assisting George Weasley." Her eyes widened, but she soldiered on. "And they belong to the Carrows?" "The Carrows have been assigned as the keepers of Edinburgh Castle. They maintain the grounds and host any gatherings like tonight. The girls in silver collars are Carrow Girls. They host the Lounge and are available for… entertainment." She swayed on her feet, the memories of the 'entertainment' still fresh in her mind. "And the girls in gold collars," she said, feeling the weight of it on her neck. "They are owned by Death Eaters," she inferred, leaning a hand on the doorway. Draco's eyes flickered over her. "You should sleep." "I will. Later. Gold collars?" She began to take off her shoes. His eyes caught on the movement. "Yes, they are owned. Generally, they were the ones Auctioned. But some Gold Collars were caught later and sold to private buyers. The less valuable ones became Carrow Girls." Hermione sucked in a breath. She needed to keep her mind focused — ignore the rage she could feel brewing beneath her skin. If she lingered too long on her emotions, she would lose this opportunity to squeeze answers from him like a sponge. "Every one of those boys owns a Lot? At the dinner table?" The colors of the collars swirled and mixed in her mind until she couldn't remember who wore what. "Flint owns Clearwater, Pucey owns his girl. Bones belongs to Travers, but Goyle has spent almost every Sickle in his vault to rent her every Friday evening." "Rent her," she muttered to herself, shaking her head. The bile in her throat bubbled again, and whenever she closed her eyes she saw Susan's hands shaking as she opened Goyle's trousers. A slow chill spread over her shoulders, like and ice cube sliding down her spine. She looked up to find Draco's eyes still fixed on the floor. Suddenly her blood felt white-hot again. "And how did you manage when your Lot had Dragon Pox? I assume you still had a girl on your arm?" His throat clicked. And his eye twitched infinitesimally as he said, "I used a Carrow Girl. Or I borrowed from someone." The fire she wanted breathe onto the entire castle of Edinburgh burned inside of her. "'Borrowed.' Like a cup of sugar," she hissed. She watched it land on him, like an arrow finding the center ring. His eyes jerked up to her, and she continued. "And did you take them to the Lounge. Did they properly thank you for giving them a place to 'be who they truly are?'" "No." His eyes were hard. "Things aren't usually so intense in the Lounge, at least in our circle. I think your presence… excited them." He rolled his shoulders back, jaw tight. "When I've had a girl before, I've kept it limited." She glared at him as the heat and anger unfurled in her chest. The boys had acted out more than usual that evening simply because she was there. And in the past, when she was hidden away in her ivory tower, Draco had another girl on his at his side, forced into that room. Threading his fingers through someone else's locks, rubbing another set of legs. It had to be her anger and disgust that made her demand, "Who?" He tilted his head. "Who have you kept it 'limited' with?" The words boiled out of her, like a sludging potion that couldn't be suppressed. "Which of my friends — your classmates — have served your wine, and sat on your knee, and listened to your disgusting friends boast about how their inaction won them a war?" she spat. Draco stared at her, mouth open. A new feeling bubbled in her stomach — shame. She was jealous. Of some poor, faceless, terrified girl. Her breath rattled in her chest and she felt black spots in her vision as his expression cooled. "It's late, Granger. I'll send up a Calming Draught—" "I don't need a Calming Draught—" "—and some Dreamless Sleep, and we can talk in the morning." "I want to know who you pulled in your lap and groped while I had Dragon Pox—" His eyes flashed. "You want an itemized list? What does it matter!" "It matters because you're telling me that my presence alone tonight made it worse for those girls. It matters because while I've been locked away in Malfoy Manor, other girls had to suffer through that — that vile display—" She choked, her throat closing as a single tear betrayed her by rolling down her cheek. She slapped it away, furious with herself. Silence for a few moments as he studied her. She glared back, lifting her chin. "You're letting your exhaustion and experiences this evening cloud your reasoning," he said simply, sounding like Snape, and she hated that he'd read her like a book. "You should sleep and regroup your thoughts." Scanning his perfectly impassive features, she wondered for the first time where he'd learned Occlumency — wondering how strong it was. Fairly strong, if she had to guess. It was like looking at a mask. She pressed her lips together. "I have more questions." "They can wait." She blinked up at him. "You'll answer any question I have tomorrow?" He stared at her blankly, and said, "Yes." "Eight in the morning," she demanded. "Noon." "Nine." "Granger, it is after one. You will be up for another two to three hours writing a list of things to ask, and you will spend your morning Occluding and meditating," he said, his eyes grey and empty. "You will sleep." She narrowed her eyes at him, feeling her heart pound with anger at his assumptions, and irritation that those assumptions were correct. He was treating her like a child. Or a slave. Her hands flew to her neck, yanking her hair to the side and turning around to offer him the clasp of the collar. "Get this fucking thing off of me," she snarled. He paused. "Now that I've activated it, you should be able to remove it yourself—" She scrambled for the clasp, feeling it fall away under her fingers, clear air returning to her lungs. She tossed the collar at his feet. "You better clear your afternoon, Malfoy," she hissed, and slammed the door behind her. Once the slip was off, she threw it on the floor, feeling like she could breathe again. She turned the bathwater to scalding and dripped several potions in the tub, letting the aroma cleanse her head as her body sunk into the burning waters. She compiled her list. She simmered in the possibilities. She stared at the bathroom wall until the waters were cool and still, both in her mind and against her skin. When she woke in the morning after only a few hours' rest, she entered the routine she'd established the week before — plucking books from the library and taking them to the Conservatory. Every hour or so, she took a break to mediate. Tuck away the memories from last night, like books on a shelf. She couldn't let her emotions run away with her again. She'd been careless last night. As the clock ticked toward twelve, Hermione was certain Draco was going to avoid her. But at noon on the dot, the door to the Conservatory pulled open, and she looked up to find him strolling toward her, wearing a pale grey button up and dragon leather shoes — out of uniform. He looked as if the hours of space between them hadn't done any favors for him either. She stood from her bench and wrapped her cardigan tighter around herself in the humid chill of the morning. As she prepared to ask questions, she realized that Draco had managed to strengthen his mask overnight. He stared at her, a slight tilt to his head, with eyes cool and grey. That's just fine, she thought. I've strengthened mine as well. "What happened to Edinburgh?" A slight expansion of his ribs, like he was taking a deep breath but trying not to show it. "The Death Eaters seized the castle two weeks after the Battle of Hogwarts. They took over the Muggle city of Edinburgh a few hours later, but most of it had already been evacuated. The Scandinavian Ministry had an emissary there, and she acted quickly. This was a few days before the Apparition Line was finished." Hermione blinked, trying to keep her focus on getting all the answers she needed. "And what's the fallout of this?" she said. "Surely the Muggle world has noticed that Edinburgh has been extinguished from the map." "There was a confrontation once the Dark Lord's forces caught on. The papers reported a terrorist attack, a nuclear explosion. The Muggles aren't concerned with the comings and goings of Edinburgh any longer. Not until Muggle scientists have examined and decontaminated it. The Muggle government thinks it will be years before it's safe." She felt her heart in her throat as she asked, "And why the castle? Does he have plans to seize other castles and estates?" "No. Edinburgh is his experiment." A pause as Hermione tried to think about what he meant. A memory of the Ministry's newest statue rose in her mind. Muggles, gnarled and twisted, their faces turned in blinding admiration towards the wizards above them. Magic is Might. A jolt down her spine that set every nerve ending on edge. "But whatever's left of the Order didn't want to take any chances," Draco was saying. "The Muggle Prime Minister escaped the U.K. shortly after the Battle, and the Dark Lord installed a new Prime Minister, under Dolohov's Imperius Curse. We have it on good authority that the Queen and young princes are either in Canada or Australia." Her eyes flickered once before she settled a mask over her face, a lake with still waters. Australia. Her parents. Draco's gaze was on her, and he blinked once, eyes narrowing to examine the reaction she failed to hide. She needed to ask. She needed to know if the Death Eaters were searching for the Queen in Australia, but it would confirm whatever suspicions were in his mind. She couldn't trust the secret with anyone else. Her own mind was hardly safe from prying — she couldn't hand Draco Malfoy the key to her parents just by asking the question— He looked away from her. "The Dark Lord isn't interested in pursuing Muggles beyond the ones in Edinburgh. Politicians, royals… commoners. They hold no interest for him right now." Her heartbeat drummed in her fingertips. She could breathe again. She could think clearly. She wrote these answers down on her mental checklist, stowing them into a tight corner of her library of shelves. "You touched my tattoo as we crossed the threshold. Does one need to be escorted by a Death Eater to enter and exit Edinburgh?" He nodded, and she tucked the information away for a future escape plan. "What is the purpose of the collars?" "Aesthetic, ownership, and hierarchy," he replied. "The Gold Collars have access to the entire castle, with the assumption that the Death Eater is keeping a careful eye on his Lot. The Carrow Girls are allowed everywhere except the private parlours in the west building. With the exception of Charlotte, of course." Her ears perked up, and she tilted her head. "And what happens in the private parlours?" "Official Death Eater business. Conversations with foreign dignitaries." He glanced down at the floor, and twisted his ring around his thumb. So that was the real purpose of these parties, then. Entertaining and seducing government officials. "You said the silver collars are owned by the Carrows," she confirmed, and he nodded. "I thought Neville was bought by the Carrows. Where is he?" "Longbottom was traded away. Given to Rookwood in exchange for the two girls he'd bought at the Auction." Rookwood. She tried to remember if he had been there the night before. "Does Rookwood keep a harem too?" she asked coolly. His eyes landed on the vines over her shoulder. "Longbottom was found to be lacking for the purposes of Edinburgh Castle. Very few Death Eaters and dignitaries found him acceptable for private uses. And he was deemed uninspiring in the other uses for male slaves." She felt a spike of panic in her chest. A lake with still waters. "What other uses?" Draco pressed his lips together, and tightly said, "Arena fights. Slave versus slave." Her body jerked away, turning to the windows. She breathed deep, pushing away the images her mind conjured. "Arena fights," she repeated. A thought dawned in her, and she spun back to him, finding him already watching her from his place near her bench. "Have you ever seen Ron at these parties?" She could see his jaw clench even from this far away. He replied with a stilted, "No. I haven't seen him since he was requested by the Dark Lord, before Macnair's death." She nodded, trying to stitch together the pieces and file them away for later. Taking a deep breath and centering herself, she prepared to ask the one question she knew she didn't want to hear the answer to. "And Ginny?" she said, and the words floated to him like a feather. "Why is she no longer at the parties?" She watched him swallow, and turn his eyes over her shoulder again. "A few weeks ago, she broke a champagne glass and sliced the neck of a guard and the aid to the Hungarian Minister. Both are dead." Hermione scarcely breathed, feelings the words like a bucket of water over her head. She tried to imagine Ginny, running feral through the Lounge with the jagged stem of a crystal glass in her hand. She pressed her eyes closed, and said, "And I assume she didn't get away with this?" When Draco did not respond, she looked to him and found him staring out one of the Conservatory windows, eyes far away. "Malfoy." "No, she did not get away with it." A deep breath. She crossed her arms, holding her cardigan closed. "And?" she prompted. "She was disciplined. Publicly." "Tell me what happened to her. I can handle it. I've seen what happens at these parties—" His face snapped back to her and he hissed, "You haven't seen anything, Granger." Her blood froze in her veins, and she fought to appear calm as she stared back at him. "I have a right to know. I'm not a child, Malfoy." A long pause. "She was taken into the Lounge." He ran a hand through his hair. "Where Avery made an example of her. In several ways, which I'm sure you can imagine." Somewhere, there was a lake with still waters. But a tempest was brewing over the one in her mind's eye. "Were there others?" "Just him, though there were spectators. She was in no shape afterward to be shared. I was…" Draco cleared his throat. "I only saw the very end of it." She spun to face the violet flowers she favored most in this greenhouse, gasping silently. She couldn't let him see her lose control. Fighting to steady her breathing and clear the images that flashed through her mind, she stood tall, blinking until her eyes stopped burning and she could see clearly again. There would be another time to process what had happened to Ginny. But for now she had a role to play. She'd convinced him she could handle the truth, and that's exactly what she intended to do. Ignoring the buzzing in her ears and the tightness in her chest, she forced her shoulders to relax. She thought of Ginny as she stared at the purple hues, suffering torture and rape daily at Avery's estate. Had it been worth it? Her own treatment at Edinburgh Castle had been tame. Draco had seen to that. But she'd still seen enough to enrage her. She could be like Ginny, finding the fire to slice at them, even if it meant her own death. Or she could give into her helplessness and behave like Draco asked her to — push it all away at home and thank the gods that she didn't have to suffer like the others. But she'd been given signs of hope by girls who had no business hoping. A grape. Her hand grabbed under the table by nine others with glass in their knees. And Cho was waiting for her. "Now that I know what to expect," she said, her voice clear and strong, "I will play my part better. The next time we go, I will be better prepared to—" "We're not going again." It took a moment for the words to sink in. She spun to him, eyes wide. "What?" He stood with his hands in his trouser pockets, eyes dead and empty. "We've made our appearances. You've been seen." He swallowed. "You won't go again. Not for a long time, at least." Her heart pounded. Edinburgh was her only chance to communicate with her friends — her only connection to what was happening outside of Malfoy Manor. "So I'll just contract Dragon Pox again?" she sniped. "I'll speak to my father, and we'll come up with something—" "They'll see through you in an instant. It will be far too suspicious—" "What's suspicious, Granger," he hissed, his eyes hot, "is that my Lot and I can barely stand being in the same room, much less touching each other—" Her mouth fell open in a snarl. "Whose fault is that!" "—and although I've been fucking her daily, I still haven't been able to remove the stick from Hermione Granger's ass—" "How dare you." She stormed towards him until he was just a breath away. "You gave me no information going into that castle. No way of knowing what to expect or how to act. You gave me no indication of how I should touch you because I can't touch you without you running away like a beaten dog—" He turned away from her with a choked sound, and the rest died in her throat. He rolled his shoulders back, and she watched his ribs move to take a deep breath. "Listen," he said quietly. "If we go back, Marcus will make you take the potion." She rolled her eyes, feeling the fire burn in her belly again. "Who do I belong to? You or Marcus?" He turned back to her, gazing down at his ring. "Every girl has taken this potion at some point. And Flint is brewing an especially large batch for next week's party. If I refuse, they will suspect something is off about our relationship." His eyes flickered up to her. "Marcus already suspects." Her brain moved quickly through the different options. She circled one possibility, but she needed more information. "I'd like to see that potion," she said. He narrowed his eyes at her. "For what purpose?" "I'd like to see it broken down. I'd like to know the ingredients and effects." His jaw tightened. "Granger, if you mean to mimic this potion—" "Do you have a vial of it? I assume you have a potions kit. Perhaps a laboratory?" "—I've already said we're not going back—" "Draco. You owe me this." She watched it land on him, the words dying on his lips before they could be uttered. She tightened her fingers around the sleeves of her cardigan, and tilted her chin up in defiance. His eyes lingered on her face before looking away. "I don't have a vial. I would need to procure one." "Excellent. I'll wait here." She returned to her bench, plucked up her book, and opened to the page she was last on. She pretended to read innocently until she finally heard his shoes shuffle toward the doors, disappearing. Her shelves trembled, begging her to think about sliced throats, a tight fist of red hair and jeering men— A lake with still waters. She breathed deep, tasting blood from where she'd bitten the inside of her cheek. She tucked Ginny away onto a top shelf next to Harry. Some time later, just as her book on the history of magical Asia had taken her interest again, the Conservatory doors opened. She looked up, and her breath caught to find Narcissa looking for her amongst the leaves. When her blue eyes landed on her, Narcissa smiled, folded her hands, and said, "Tea?" Hermione felt a warmth return to her body that had been absent for hours. Followed by a stab of guilt that she had someone who sat with her for tea. With a quick smile, Hermione nodded and shifted her discarded books off the second seat. Narcissa did what she did best — distracted from the horrors outside Hermione's gilded cage with her truly pleasant company. Hermione felt her body urging her to relax into the familiar comfort of it, but she resisted. After a pause where they both turned to a book in their laps, a cup of tea on each side table, Narcissa said, "I heard you went to Edinburgh Castle last night." Hermione darted a sideways glance to find Narcissa's lips curling into her tea. "Yes," she managed. "I haven't had the pleasure of attending a gathering there. Nor do I have any intention to." She took a long sip. Hermione swallowed, wondering how much Narcissa knew about her son's activities there. The things he witnessed. Turned a blind eye to. "It wasn't to my liking either." Hermione stared into her teacup. Narcissa patted her lips and placed her teacup on the end table. "When they were in my house, there was little I could do about that kind of behavior. It was… a powerless feeling, Hermione." Hermione blinked up at her, hardly daring to breathe. "And even then I wondered, 'How can I not stop this? How can I possibly stand by and allow this to happen?'" She shook her head. "But I had little choice in the matter. My principles were overruled by the need to keep my family safe." Narcissa pushed a lock of blonde hair behind her ear. "I think it's a common philosophy amongst us Malfoys," she said with a smile. "Survive. In dangerous times, let pragmatism be the death of principles." Narcissa turned her eyes on Hermione for the first time, a fire in them that Hermione had seen the night before in a different pair of eyes. "And once they've underestimated you — strike." Hermione was still, waiting for her breath to return. Waiting for Narcissa to smile and return to discussing the weather. It didn't come. Hermione's lips parted, skin tingling with adrenaline. The doors flung open, and she jumped. Draco was stopped in the doorway, staring at the sight of his mother sitting with her. She watched him push a hand into his pocket, a vial disappearing. "Mother," he greeted. "I have to borrow Granger, I'm afraid." Hermione stood, placing her teacup down. Her heart pounded with the fire ignited in her. She had to break down the potion. She had to learn how to mimic it. She had to go back to Edinburgh. "Of course, dear," Narcissa said. She gave a quick nod to Hermione, her face as serene and unassuming as ever. "I'll see you for breakfast tomorrow, Hermione." Hermione nodded back, and moved quickly to the doorway, following Draco out. He swept from the Conservatory, already halfway down the corridor by the time she caught up to him. Following him down hallways she had yet to memorize and turning down another staircase to a lower floor, she struggled to keep up with his long legs. A door at the end of the hallway appeared, and Hermione's brows jumped when she recognized the Notice-Me-Not Charm. No wonder she hadn't spent time down here yet. He pushed open the door and lit the candles with a wave. She stepped into a potions laboratory lined with beakers and cauldrons and ingredients. Her eyes scanned the walls greedily, searching for secrets and rare finds. "Is this your father's laboratory?" He looked over his shoulder at her. "It's mine." He pulled his eyes from hers. "You are welcome to it, now that you know the way." Her eyes widened. The Suppressant Potion. She could break it down here if only she had a vial. She tucked away her excitement at the possibilities, and returned to the present, where Draco was lighting the fires. He retrieved an elm spoon and pulled the vial from his pocket, placing it next to the heating pot. Then he stepped aside. She blinked at him, realizing that he was allowing her to do the work. She stared at the lab table. She hadn't thought she'd ever be allowed near magical ingredients again. She stepped forward, eyeing the cauldron. Her fingers pried the cork from the vial, and she tipped two drops into the bottom. "Where did you get it?" she asked. "Blaise. He has a few vials, but he doesn't like to use them." She looked up at him, finding his eyes on the cauldron, and quickly turned away. The shelves were impeccably organized. She read each label until she found an acid that would work. She pulled down distilled water and a honey paste for thickening. She searched for an oil, perhaps beaver oil or— Long fingers next to hers, tilting behind a tall bottle to pluck out a jar labeled Niffler Saliva. Her eyes grew wide. Snape would never let them use such expensive products in school. She glanced up at Draco, taking the jar from his fingertips. He was standing as far away as possible while still being able to reach the shelves. He looked away. She drizzled the acid, added the distilled water, and prepared the second cauldron with honey paste. She felt his eyes on her hands as she worked, though she refused to look up to confirm. The steam rose as the cauldron bubbled, and she wondered why Slytherins always brewed their potions in the most ill-conceived underground locations. Sweat rolled down the back of her neck, and she pushed her hair over her shoulder as her curls expanded. He stood by her side, stepping in silently when it was time for wandwork. She scribbled her findings into an empty notebook nearby. Ashwinder eggs, rose petals, and moonstone for the obsessive euphoria. He was right about the asphodel, possibly for a bit of drowsiness. Porcupine quills to add enhance the euphoria. Sneezewort for confusion and a bit of recklessness. Mixed with the hair of the intended partner, the drinker would become dizzy and confused until their skin touched their partner's. The confusion would fade and the obsession would begin, euphoria spiking. Pulling away from the partner would bring back the confusion and dizziness. Hermione frowned down at her notes. It would wear off eventually, but it could take hours. "Have you ever used this potion at the parties? On a Carrow Girl?" she asked, breaking the hour-long silence. "No. But I've seen it." She stared down at the ingredients list. "We should be able to make an antidote fairly easily. I can take it before the party on Friday, and then when I'm given the potion, I can mimic its effects." When no response came, she looked up to find him facing her, leaning one hip on the lab table, his lips pursed and eyes fixed on the floor. "Malfoy?" He didn't look up. "Granger, every eye will be on you next week. Not just Montague and Pucey and the others. Flint is planning quite the spectacle, and most of the guests are interested in you already. Even without the potion." His jaw clenched, like he was stopping himself from saying more. She crossed her arms. "You're suggesting that I wouldn't be convincing?" He paused, and tilted his head. "How do you suggest we steer clear of penetrative sex while your… obsessive lust drives you?" She felt a blush rise in her neck and watched the same flush spread over his cheekbones. "I see," she said, throat tight. "Have you had penetrative sex in the Lounge before?" His eye twitched and he shook his head, still focused on the floor. "Then perhaps it's your preference to stick to more minor acts while in public. That's something you can sell, right?" He took a deep breath, and the frustrated sigh on his exhale prickled the back of her neck. "And what 'minor acts' are you suggesting we engage in, Granger?" She swallowed, listening to her throat click loudly in the small room. She searched for the words to articulate— He grabbed the honey paste and distilled water from the table and capped them. "I've let you break down the potion. I 'owed you' that." He turned from her, putting away the ingredients on the shelf. "But you've never seen girls on this potion. It's humiliating. Degrading. You have no idea what it does—" "I do, actually. I just broke it down—" "And is research also how you've prepared for the practical application of this deception, Granger?" His back to her. A jar slammed down onto a shelf. Her mouth fell open, indignation burning in her gut. "Are you suggesting that because I'm a virgin that I've never lusted after someone? That I wouldn't understand those urges?" She lifted a brow and watched his fingers shake over the beakers on the shelf, glass clicking. "I'm sure you have an idea of it, but you've seen the ingredients. This Potion is no joke, Granger." He swallowed, turning back to the table and pressing his lips together as Hermione glared daggers at him. She remembered the simpering smiles Cho would give Mulciber. The flirty laugh from Charlotte to Flint. And Narcissa's reminder about when to strike. His hands reached for the empty cauldron to shelve it and she lurched forward, grabbing the collar of his shirt. His quick reflexes caught her, hands coming up to her elbows, head turning to her, and she caught sight of his shocked expression as they stumbled backwards to the shelves, her mouth landing on the corner of his. Her chest fell against him as her lips slid from his mouth with their tumbling feet. He righted them, holding her arms up, but she focused on the feeling of connecting her skin to his. How dizzying it would be to not touch him. How right it was to kiss his jaw. He grabbed her shoulders and shoved her back, her hips slamming into the table edge. His eyes were wide and hot, almost scared. "What are you doing?" She panted and let her eyes glaze over. "Draco, please." His eyes widened, and she caught a glimpse of black pupils before he backed away. She stumbled forward, reaching up to pull his head down to her, but before she could connect their lips he pushed away again. "Granger, stop—" "I need you. Please, Draco." Her fingers wound into his hair, and she rose up on her toes again, aiming for his lips, and murmuring, "Touch me." Quick as lightning, her hands were off of him and her body was pushed into the table. He was across the room in three strides. "I told you I could do it," she panted, and he froze in the doorway. His shoulder twitched, and then he was gone. She tried to catch her breath, her skin humming and lips tingling from where she'd touched him. Draco diligently ignored her for the next six days. The first few days, she told herself that it was a good thing, but by Wednesday night, she started to get nervous. She had to go back. Regardless of how they might feel about one another at the moment. She finally sought him out on Friday morning, finding him in the kitchens taking an apple from the elves' basket. She placed her hands on her hips and said, "I assume we'll be leaving at ten tonight?" He turned, and his eyes scanned her before replying, "No. No party tonight." She lifted a doubtful brow. "Why?" "It's been postponed." He tossed the apple between his hands, keeping his eyes away from her. "A mission from the Dark Lord has taken precedence." "You can't avoid me forever, Malfoy. We're in this together whether you like it or not, and the sooner you—" "Did you hear a word I just said? It's not happening tonight." He brushed past her without another word. Hermione huffed at the empty kitchen, fists clenched. He was clearly lying. So at ten o'clock that night, she cracked her door open, waiting to hear the sounds of him leaving the Manor. After half an hour with her eye on the door, she moved to her balcony windows, wondering if he'd left through his own fireplace. While she still didn't have access to her balcony, she could press her face to the glass and look for the light coming from his bedroom. It was dark. She glared and stomped into her bathroom, deciding on a bath while she waited for him to return. As she relaxed into the warm water and bubbles, she tried to think of ways to convince Draco to bring her back to Edinburgh. He didn't think she was capable of the sexual challenges they would face, but she could convince him. She had to. She had to get back to Cho. She needed to figure out who Charlotte was and whether that grape had meant what she thought it did. She'd been stuck inside of Malfoy Manor for two months now, and Edinburgh was the closest she'd gotten to the remains of the Order. Let pragmatism be the death of principles. Hermione had to prove to him that she could handle herself. Whatever it took. After midnight, she dragged an armchair to her balcony window and read a book with one eye on Draco's balcony, waiting for a sign of life from inside the room. At a quarter past two, her bleary eyes drifted up from her pages. Light was pouring from inside his room onto his balcony. She jumped up, wide awake, the book tumbling on the carpet. Yanking a jumper over her pajamas, she marched out her door and to his. She rapped on his door and waited, anger unfurling in her belly. When no response came, she knocked louder, more insistently. She was just raising her fist to pound against the wood when it swung open. Draco stared down at her, leaning forward on the doorframe with one hand still on the door. "Why are you still up?" he demanded. She glared at him, lifting her chin. "I should be asking you the same thing. You haven't been out, have you, Malfoy?" He swallowed and said, "I have. I was on a Mission from the Dark Lord." "Then why do you smell like cigars and Firewhisky," she hissed. She would have this out with him. She would demand that he take her next week. Hermione stepped forward to push past him into his bedroom, but Draco stood in the way, blocking her. She blinked up at him, scowling. After lying egregiously to her, the least he could do was let her in his damn room. She stepped to the side and he moved with her, obscuring her vision. She stared up at him, a pale horror cracking over her skin. He had a guest. Her mind conjured a rapid-fire sequence of images of a Carrow Girl sprawled across his sheets — the activities she'd just interrupted. "Is there someone here?" she gasped. He stared down at her, jerked his head once, and said, "No. Just in the middle of something." "Oh, come on, Draco," a familiar voice called from inside the room. "Give it up. She's caught you." Hermione's mind whirred, struggling to place the voice that sounded like — that sounded like… She watched Draco close his eyes in resignation. A girlish chuckle from inside the bedroom. And though the tone was all wrong, Hermione recognized the sound of that voice. She pushed through him, sliding under his arm and found Hermione Granger sitting in his armchair, legs crossed and sipping a glass of scotch with smile. Her lips were redder than Charlotte's had been, lashes darkened and lids smoky, her black slip sliding up her thigh. Hermione's heart skipped and stuttered as her stunned mind tried to place the smirk on her face. The smirk on her own face, worn by someone else. And when she watched her own brow lift into a perfect arch, the realization dawned on her. "Pansy?" The girl in Hermione's body smiled brightly, and toasted her. "Brightest Witch of Her Age." The puzzle fell into place in her mind as her eyes turned to Draco's carpets. He'd gone to Edinburgh after all. And instead of taking her, he'd taken Pansy Parkinson in her body. "Hmm. That look of furious disgust there?" Pansy said, pointing at Hermione's face. "I think I pulled that off quite nicely tonight." Hermione couldn't find her voice. She could do nothing but watch as Pansy stood from the chair, patting down her dress and brushing Hermione's curls over her shoulder. Not only did she have on makeup, she'd styled the unruly locks into something soft and lustrous. Even as she walked, Hermione could see the telltale signs of Pansy— the confident strut and sway to her hips that she recognized from Hogwarts — but it looked wrong in Hermione's body. The artless grace and sensuality. Hermione's cheeks burned, suddenly aware of her baggy pajama bottoms and shapeless jumper. Pansy approached Draco, reached for the gold collar around her neck, and extended it to him. She'd painted her nails scarlet. "I'm going to get out of your hair." She turned to Hermione sharply. "Or, your hair, truly." She laughed at her joke, running her hand over Hermione's curls. "I must apologize to you for ever making fun of your hair in school. It really is quite a hassle." She smiled. "I won't miss it. But your arse, Granger." Pansy ran her hands over her hips, rounding to Hermione's backside. "I much prefer this. I know Draco's preference is—" "That's enough, Pans." His voice was cold and cutting. "Just trying to lighten the mood. Well, I guess I'll be going." Pansy strolled to the fireplace. "Looks like you two have loads to talk about." Pansy winked, tossed the Floo powder, and disappeared. The shock that had frozen her for the past few minutes was fading to a fiery churning in her stomach, spreading outward and lighting up every nerve ending on her skin. Hermione felt Draco's presence next to her, but she refused to look up at him. "You took Pansy Parkinson to Edinburgh. In my body." She heard his throat click. "It was the easiest of options." She scoffed, whipping around to glare at him. "Easiest." "Yes, easiest. For both of us." He ran a hand through his hair. "Pansy had experienced the effects of Flint's potion. She knew what it did. I brewed an antidote, like you suggested. And she mimicked the effects." Fury burned in her bloodstream. "The point of breaking down the potion, was for me to take the antidote so I could return to Edinburgh—" "And the point of me asking Pansy was to spare you from that." His eyes finally met hers. His mask perfectly in place except for the spots of pink on his cheekbones. "We put on a convincing show. The boys should be appeased for now." Rage choked her, her breath growing shallow as she thought about her own body in Pansy Parkinson's hands, moving over him. "What kind of 'convincing show," she hissed, stepping closer to Draco as he retreated. "I did it for your own good, Granger." "You violated my body—" "Your body was going to be violated either way," he snarled, holding his ground. "This way, you didn't have to be in it." Her arm moved quickly, slicing through the air and slapping him across the face. His head scarcely moved despite the angry, red handprint on his cheek. His eyes were hot on hers as they panted in each other's faces. "Did you have sex with her in my body?" she demanded, hating the way her voice shook. His eyes dragged across her face, lips pressed together firmly until he answered, "No." She felt something untangle in her chest, loosening like a rope. She looked away. "If you put on such a 'convincing show,' then I assume they won't force you to use the potion again," she said, her voice deadly calm. "No. But you've been seen twice in a row now. I won't need to bring you again—" "You will bring me." She stared into his eyes, demanding to be heard. "You said it yourself — they already suspect something is off. The other girls go every week with their masters, and so will you and I." She tilted her chin up and watched his gaze drop to her mouth and back up to her eyes. "We will continue to appear at Edinburgh Castle. And you'll stop treating me like a child who's unable to navigate this new world." The silence sent shivers down her spine. She summoned whatever confidence she had left and said, "Do I make myself clear?" His eyes were dark, the grey fading into black dilated centers. She felt his breath on her cheek and the heat from his chest just inches from her own. Dropping his eyes once more before finding her gaze again, he whispered, "Perfectly, Granger." "Good," she said, stepping back and reaching for the door. She disappeared back to her own room, letting her mind wander to the 'convincing show' Pansy had put on in her own body, wondering if she would be able to replicate it the following week. . . A/N: Updates every other Sunday. (Next update 11/17) The Audiobook Warriors have started posting chapters of The Right Thing to Do! Check it out on Spotify, YouTube, and several other spots. Find me on Tumblr and Twitter under LovesBitca8. I now have a Ko-Fi account. Consider buying me a coffee.
A/N: Thanks to the gals as always. Hermione woke up the next morning with her blood still boiling. She rescheduled breakfast with Narcissa and locked herself away, researching and reading in angry solitude. Every time she'd let her mind wander, it would conjure images of Draco with Hermione's doppelgänger in his lap, moving as Pansy Parkinson moves and kissing like Pansy Parkinson kisses. So she kept it occupied well past dinner time, until she was too exhausted to think. She woke early on Sunday morning, determined to speak to Draco before breakfast. After compiling another list of questions for him — none of which had to do with the "convincing show" he and Pansy had put on two nights before — she finally left her room and rapped smartly on his door. She waited for a more than acceptable amount of time before rapping again. The door handle was immovable, as expected. She frowned in frustration. After fifteen more minutes of aggravated pacing, knocking, and waiting, she headed downstairs to meet Narcissa. Only Narcissa wasn't at the table. The dining room was set for two, but it was empty. Hermione had a brief flash of panic, remembering how all three Malfoys had disappeared before, leaving her alone for weeks. "Mippy?" A pop! sounded from behind her. "Miss!" "Good morning, Mippy," Hermione said, smiling down at her through the tightness in her chest. "Where might I find Narcissa?" "Missus is in her study!" Perhaps Narcissa had forgotten? "Thank you. I'll visit her there." She hurried out of the room before Mippy could blink her overlarge eyes. Hermione traveled down the corridor to Narcissa's private study. She needed to see for herself. She needed to know they hadn't left her alone again. Lucius had been gone for weeks. Draco wasn't responding. If Narcissa was gone too… She turned a corner and froze at the sound of a voice rising to biting tones, floating into the hallway from behind a cracked door. Her pulse calmed when she recognized Narcissa's voice, then quickened with her rising curiosity. She paused, debating. Spying on Narcissa's private conversations felt like crossing a line. Hermione took a quiet step backward, preparing to turn on her heel— "...our son. And now he's off… dangerous and... He's out of his depth—" Narcissa's voice cut out as she ranted. Hermione let the words wash over her, heart hammering in her ears. They were talking about Draco. A few more heartbeats, and her self-control shattered. She tiptoed forward, ears straining for a response. Was Lucius home? She wasn't eavesdropping, she told herself as she crept forward, guilt twisting in her gut. She was simply going to take her time before knocking. "... becoming a liability," she heard Narcissa hiss. "Even the Dark Lord must see. Remind him why these revels exist in the first place… not just to wet their cocks—" Hermione's brows jumped, and she stifled a gasp at hearing such crude language from Narcissa Malfoy. She craned her neck to peek through the crack in the door and found her pacing at the opposite side of the room, in front of the fireplace. The Floo. A low baritone rumbling from behind a pair of chairs, where Hermione couldn't see. She took a shaky breath and knocked faintly at the door, praying Narcissa wouldn't hear her. "I will not watch my language. Your friends are running wild here in England without the Dark Lord's oversight. Do something about it before our son gets killed." She was talking about Edinburgh. Hermione's mind tumbled through the ways that Draco could be harmed by the events that had taken place there, but before she could process it— "I have to go. Miss Granger is at my door, and I'm late for breakfast with her. I'll send your regards." Hermione held her breath as Narcissa's heels clicked towards the door. "Good morning," Narcissa said. Her face was flushed, but not a hair was out of place. "I apologize for keeping you waiting." "It's me who should be apologizing," Hermione rushed, heat creeping up her neck. "I came looking for you, and then I — heard voices. I didn't want to interrupt, but I wasn't here for very long—" "Of course, dear," said Narcissa smoothly, the anger of the previous conversation melting away. "Unfortunately, I'm afraid I can't take breakfast with you. I have several urgent matters to attend to." Hermione nodded her acceptance and said in a small voice, "Draco is gone?" Narcissa took a deep breath and nodded. "He is in Italy. Dealing with an unexpected incident. I'm afraid I can't say much more than that." She pulled a thin letter from her robes and extended it to Hermione. "He asked me to give this to you." Hermione stared at the parchment. "For me?" "Yes," Narcissa said. "He had to leave rather abruptly, and he wanted to put your mind at ease." Hermione blinked, gaping up at her. "He said that?" "Technically, I believe he said, 'that bloody witch will give me hell if I disappear.' But I'm sure those were his true sentiments." Hermione's fingers paused in grasping the note, and she looked up to see Narcissa smirking. Her cheeks heated, and she ducked her head. Narcissa left Hermione to take breakfast in the dining room alone. Hermione managed to pour a cup of coffee from the carafe, add the sugar and milk, and stir before her curiosity won out and she ripped open the wax seal. Granger, I have some important business in Italy. Allow me to head off your questions. No — I don't know for how long. No — I can't say why. Yet. Yes — if I am home by Friday, we will still be going to Edinburgh. Yes — I've eaten breakfast. How kind of you to ask. D.M. She glared down at the letter, as if it was Draco himself, lifting a brow at her and strutting away. Italy. She racked her memories for mentions of Italy. Coverage of the political climate there — or any other foreign country, for that matter — had been scarce in the Prophet. She expected that would change once Voldemort had more international support. After breakfast, Hermione visited the kitchens and asked Remmy for the Daily Prophet, like she did every morning. She blinked down at the headline, not even bothering to thank a sour-faced Remmy before she huffed and waddled away. ITALIAN MINISTER DEAD BY HEART ATTACK by Rita Skeeter Antonio Bravieri, Italian Minister for Magic, was found dead in his chambers Saturday evening, suffering from a fatal heart attack. The Minister had paid a visit to the Dark Lord's castle earlier Saturday afternoon to pledge his government's support for the Dark Lord and the Great Order. Tragically, it would be his last official act as leader of the Italian Magical community. Constantine Romano, Head of the Transportation Department, has vowed to carry out Bravieri's final vision for his country, and has been appointed to the title of Minister in Bravieri's place. Emissaries to the Dark Lord are assisting with the transition this week, helping ensure the partnership between our two countries. The lies jumped off the page, sticking out like thorns. The Minister had been found dead the day after he visited Voldemort? Not likely. And his last official act was to swear fealty to Voldemort? Hermione rolled her eyes, shaking her head at the paper. He'd clearly gotten himself killed, and now Draco was part of the mission to replace him with some kind of Voldemort puppet, like Pius Thicknesse. Hermione leaned back against the wall outside the kitchens, listening to the elves work. Unless she was very much mistaken, Voldemort had just carried out a major political coup. But why send Draco? Had he gained enough importance in the Death Eater's ranks that he was now replacing his father in his absence? She shivered, dread twisting in her stomach. She spent the rest of the day looking into the politics of the Italian Ministry and the Bravieri family, searching for clues on why Antonio Bravieri had dared to challenge Voldemort and paid for it with his life. By Friday morning, when Draco had still not returned, she had grimly come to terms with the fact that they would not be going to Edinburgh that night. Narcissa had spent the week distracted, inviting her to tea only to drift off and then jump up, excusing herself. Hermione assumed Italy had taken a turn for the worse, but the Prophet had been completely silent on the situation. After two anxiety-filled days with no news of Italy or Draco, she had thrown herself back into her research to steer her mind firmly away from his absence. Only that topic was equally frustrating. She'd finished The Mysteries of Magical Asia: Volumes 1, 2, and 3, and found only a handful of irrelevant, throwaway references to magical slavery. She was no closer to finding the inspiration for the tattoos than she had been a month ago. She was headed to breakfast when she heard voices in the entry hall. She froze at the top of the stairs, listening carefully to catch the mumbled words and ascertain their owners. Peeking over the banister, she found the top of Draco's blond head — a wave of relief through her veins — as well as two others. Zabini and a dark-haired girl. Gasping, she moved forward until she could see her face, fingers squeezing the polished wood. It was the olive-skinned girl from Edinburgh. The one who had been crying through the night, the one who looked too young for all of this. She looked pale and dazed, her large eyes locked on Zabini. Thinner than the last time Hermione had seen her, she practically swam in the heavy black cloak around her shoulders. Zabini and Draco spoke in hushed tones as Zabini reached into the bag of Floo powder, nodding his head at something Draco said. She watched Zabini turn to the girl and hum something in a cadence she recognized as Italian. They moved to the fireplace, and Blaise righted her when she stumbled in her heels. "Grazie," she croaked. Blaise took her elbow, and Hermione caught the faintest glimpse of gold and black letters on her arm as they disappeared through the Floo. Draco stared at the empty fireplace for several long moments after they vanished. Then he crossed the room and started to climb the stairs. His body moved slowly, exhausted and thin. Purple-blue rings beneath his eyes. He didn't look as wasted as he had a month ago, but he clearly hadn't slept or eaten much. It wasn't until he was steps away from the platform she was on that he finally looked up and paused. "Granger." He stood tall and took his hand off the railing, removing all weakness from his stance. She blinked at him, heart thrumming painfully with the weight of the things she wouldn't let herself say. "Who was that?" she finally managed, nodding her head down at the fireplaces below. His throat bobbed as his eyes took her in. "Giuliana Bravieri. She'll be staying with Blaise from now on." "Bravieri," she repeated. "She's the Minister's—" "Niece, yes. Excuse me, but I'm not in the mood for an inquisition right now." He started to climb again, moving past her as her mind whirred. "Did you rescue her?" she asked. Her heart thudded dully in her chest, and her lungs held tightly, waiting for his response. He laughed — a dry, aged sound. "I'd hardly call it that." A strange hope fluttered in her chest. She spun, taking a breath to ask — "Yes, Granger," he said flatly, walking away from her. "We'll go to Edinburgh tonight." And then under his breath, "Bloody woman…" She watched him trudge to his door, frowning at his retreating back. Have you had breakfast, she'd been about to ask. At eight that evening, she did something for the second time since she'd taken up residence at Malfoy Manor — she examined her vanity dresser. She'd rummaged through it just once before, shortly after she arrived, while looking for weapons. She pulled out the top drawer, finding basic makeup products and brushes. Hermione didn't know much about applying powder and goo to her face, but she could remember a bit from fourth year. With Lavender Brown's voice in her mind, she laid out the tubes and gels across her counter and separated them by use. The eye makeup on her right, the lips on her left, and the rouge and powders in the center. After half a dozen frustrating attempts, she finally was staring at a shadow of what Pansy Parkinson had been able to do to her face. Her eyes were dark, her lashes long. A dusty pink lipstick was all she could find in the drawer. She searched every drawer and cabinet for nail polish, thinking of Pansy's scarlet nails, but couldn't find any. She wasn't positive she could pull off whatever act Pansy had played, but she could come close to it. As for her hair… Hermione had to leave it alone. She had no tools, no wand, and even if she did have a curling iron, there was no electricity in Malfoy Manor. Mippy knocked at quarter till ten, handing her the collar, the dress, and the shoes. The elf wrung her hands and stared tremulously at the floor, clearly knowledgeable about the plans for the evening. Perhaps she'd heard Narcissa's rants as well. Hermione took pity on her and quickly dismissed her, asking her to tell Draco that she'd be downstairs momentarily. The slip dress was black lace with a low neck. It would be tight on her body, leaving very little to the imagination. But perhaps the revelers at Edinburgh Castle no longer needed to imagine her in any way. It was possible they'd seen quite a bit of her body already. Hermione pressed her lips together, and pushed away those thoughts. She went to the armoire, reaching into the drawer that held her knickers. She rummaged through them and decided on the pair that looked the most sensual. The dress slithered down her skin, needing to be tugged around her backside. She slipped the collar on, and the metal shrunk to her skin just as it had last time. She fidgeted with the chilly gold metal as she checked the clock, testing to make sure it hadn't glued itself to her. It seemed to shrink and tighten in response to her touch, attracting to her skin like a magnet. She easily fit her finger between her neck and the collar. With shoes on and one last look in the mirror, Hermione headed down the hallway to the stairs. The portraits took the opportunity to hiss and call her names as she wobbled by, righting herself on the credenza. She'd found her footing by the time she descended the stairs, but the sight of Draco watching her from the ground almost sent her stumbling again. His eyes dripped over her face, dress, and legs before tearing away and staring down at the marble. He looked rested, and despite the way his gaze had lingered, he seemed to have his mask in place. She clicked down the stairs in her heels, awkwardly listening to every step until she reached the bottom. He didn't immediately lead her out, so she asked, "Is it the same entry every time? Through the main gates?" After a beat, he nodded at the floor, almost as if snapping out of a trance. "What do I need to know about last week?" she asked tightly. "What will come up?" He swallowed and said, "Everything was the same until the Lounge. The Great Hall, the champagne, the dinner." The images flashed up in front of her eyes again — red lips on his, painted nails running through his hair, Draco's fingers dipping underneath her knickers— "And the Lounge?" she asked as evenly as possible, shoving the pictures aside. "What do I need to know?" "You won't be asked to do anything… Anything more." He looked up at her for the first time since she landed at the bottom of the stairs, and his eyes flickered. She caught something almost guilty in them before his mask clicked back into place. "The Lounge will be infinitely tamer tonight." "Why?" His jaw tensed. "There was an incident last week." Her eyebrows shot up as he turned on his heel and headed to the door, as if he could just end the conversation there. She hurried after him, nearly jogging to catch up. "'Incident?' Does this have to do with Italy?" He pushed through the Manor doors, and as he swept down the stairs, she could swear she heard him mumble, "Brightest Witch of Her Age." "Yes," he said. "The Dark Lord has forbidden the use of Flint's potion at Edinburgh. Last week, it was misused on the Italian Minister's niece." Hermione stumbled down the Manor steps, following behind him on the stone path as her mind worked at breakneck speed. "Antonio Bravieri didn't support the Dark Lord, did he?" she asked as he moved briskly down the path. "That's why Giuliana was taken and given to a Death Eater. To coerce him into changing his mind." Draco didn't respond, but she didn't need him to. "Bravieri found out what happened to Giuliana at the party, came to rage at the Dark Lord, and was killed for it." They were steps away from the gate. Draco's pace didn't falter until Hermione reached out and grabbed his arm, spinning him back. He met her with a lazy expression. Her brows furrowed, trying to work out a piece. "Why did you have to go to Italy? Are you… Have you been promoted?" He smirked. "As Lucius Malfoy's son, I don't need a promotion. I volunteered, actually." Her lips parted in shock. "You—" "For Blaise," he said. "His mother was close friends with Bravieri — a well-known bit of gossip. It was in his best interest to volunteer his assistance with the 'transition.'" He stared off over her shoulder at the Manor. "And it seems to have deflected any suspicion. The Dark Lord gifted Giuliana to him as a token of gratitude for his service." Hermione's lip curled. "So she'll have to pretend now, too. Only it was real for her. I saw her there. That girl is a child. She isn't strong enough to act like Zabini's plaything—" "Giuliana won't be attending any time soon," he cut her off. "She's not... in any state for it. Blaise will make her excuses." The summer wind brushed through them, and Hermione felt it dance across her spine in a shiver. "What happened to her?" Draco pressed his lips together. No response. "Malfoy—" "Do you really want to ruin your evening before it even begins, Granger?" "Yes." He sighed deeply. A hand came up to rub his brow. "Jugson thought it would be a bit of fun to put multiple hairs in her potion. Apparently he was plucking them at random from around the room. Half of the men didn't even realize until… it began." She blinked up at him. "Oh." Bile crawled up the back of her throat as her imagination flickered through a series of disgusting and depraved images of… multiple people… and— "How old is she?" she croaked. Draco paused. "Fourteen." His reply wasn't surprising, but it still hit her like a blow to the gut. She swayed her on her feet. He continued, "So Flint's potion is no longer allowed—" "Was your hair mixed in?" she asked, her voice cracking. His face turned to her sharply. And the disgust on his features brought her as much relief as the words from his mouth. "No. We were at dinner when it happened." His lip curled, and he turned away from her again as she nodded. "And the Dark Lord was displeased?" she prompted, breathing easier now. "The involved parties were punished. He reminded his followers of the purpose of these revels. Not just a place to amuse ourselves. A place to serve him and his ambitions." Something was familiar about his wording, and it was only a moment before Hermione realized that they were Narcissa's words. A smirk curved her lips. It seemed that Narcissa Malfoy had pulled not only her husband's strings, but the Dark Lord's as well. He held out a hand for her arm, and she gave it to him. His hand was warm over her tattoo as they moved through the gate. They walked to the hill where they could Apparate from, and she felt relief thrumming through her veins that he'd made it through the last week unscathed. "Your mother was worried about you in Italy. Was it dangerous?" He looked around them, almost like searching for enemies in the wind, and said, "The Italian Magical community knows exactly what happened to Bravieri, despite Skeeter's attempt to spin it differently. It wasn't a walk in the park." He took her elbow and spun them to the signpost outside of Edinburgh Castle. She allowed the long walk up to the gates to center her mind, the breeze to cool her emotions, and the sound of her footsteps to confirm that it was truly happening again. The werewolves howled, the guards smacked their lips, and the crowd of Death Eaters in the courtyard whistled. She ignored them all, hardly registering their jeers about her bare legs as she focused on a lake with still waters. Draco was putting on a show of being quite relaxed. During their first walk into Edinburgh, he was rushed and anxious. This time, he was shouting back at the crowd with a laugh, stopping to chat with someone at the top of the stairs, and teasing someone who was coughing on their cigar. But when the spectators vanished and it was only the two of them, she watched his face fall, an empty expression in his eyes. He led her through the doors to the Great Hall, and Hermione's breath caught to see Charlotte turning to them with a tray of champagne. "Master Malfoy," she said with a flirty grin. "Good evening. And Miss Granger." Charlotte's eyes met hers briefly before offering her champagne. Hermione reached for her own glass this time, hoping to draw Charlotte's eyes, but she was already reaching for the curtain and letting them into the Great Hall. The music and the chatter hit her like a wall, stirring her memories of two weeks ago. She was flooded with terror for a freezing moment before feeling Draco's hand on her back, warm and steadying. He stopped to talk with people as they sipped their champagne. Hermione tried to catalog the guests and conversations more fastidiously this time. Two weeks ago, she was far more focused on the girls. This time she needed to listen to the whispered jokes and unspoken clues. Draco greeted Rabastan Lestrange while he was mid-conversation, a quick tap on his shoulder and a few polite words while Lestrange's eyes wandered down Hermione's waist and hips. He led her to a quick conversation with Mulciber, who did not have Cho hanging off of his elbow — Hermione's eyes scanned for her as inconspicuously as possible, but with no luck. She and Draco passed a pale-faced Jugson with a nod, and she noticed that he was missing a hand. "Draco," a slimy voice called out behind them, Hermione felt a nauseous dread sliding through her veins. They turned and found Nott Sr. approaching with Theo at his side. "I didn't expect you back so soon." "Sir." Draco shook Nott's hand and gave Theo a careless nod. "We were able to resolve the situation quickly. Yaxley is staying for another week, and Dolohov joined him as we were leaving." "Good," Nott Sr. said. And though she was staring at the floor, she could feel his eyes slither down her body. "Hello, little dove." The handle of his cane pushed under her chin until her face tilted back. She felt Draco's thumb twitch against her back. "I missed your little show last week. Perhaps you'll grace us with a repeat performance tonight." Her blood froze, sound rushing in her ears. A snort from Theo as Draco's hand pressed harder into her skin. "Not likely, Father. I'm sure Draco is going to hoard her talents for at least another year or two." "Is that so? How unfortunate." He tsked. "You know Draco, forbidding the fruit only makes it more tempting." Hermione kept her gaze steady on Nott's, holding her breath. His cane slipped down her neck, between her clavicles, and landed between her breasts. "Such a pretty dress," he crooned. And even with Draco standing so close, with his hand tightening on her waist, Nott Sr. stepped even closer, long fingers sliding low over her hip. She felt every muscle tighten. "It just begs to be peeled off." "Unfortunately, Ted," Draco's voice was smooth in her ear, like a warm breeze. "I'll be the one doing the peeling." Draco's fingers curled tightly on the curve of her waist, unsteadying her until she had to step back. She found her breath, and Draco quickly excused them, taking Theo with them. Her talents. She imagined the other Hermione shifting sensuously on Draco's lap, unbuckling his belt and unzipping his trousers while his hand wandered up her dress— She breathed deep and centered her mind, ignoring the anger and disgust bubbling beneath her skin. Instead she let her eyes flit across the room, searching for Cho. "Father's right, you know," Theo said as the three of them headed through the passage to the other building. "You're only making things worse. I heard that men in the other room have been talking about her—" "And where's your whore tonight, Theo?" Draco drawled, leading them up the winding stairs without a look backward. "Waiting for you on his knees in the men's room?" Hermione's eyes widened, and she heard Theo miss a step behind her. He was sputtering and scrambling for a reply when Draco reached the landing, grabbing her elbow to guide her for the last two steps and ignoring their companion. Harper stood at the door again, and with him was the strawberry-blonde girl from two weeks ago. Harper stood up straight, and the girl batted her lashes demurely at them as they arrived. Theo's protests died on his lips as the girl skipped to his side and pressed a kiss to his cheek. His cheeks were bright red, and his jaw clenched as he slipped his arm around her back. Harper did his security tests on their rings and collars, and then they were headed into the snake pit. Boisterous laughter and shouting assaulted her ears, and when the door swung open, the room cheered, greeting Draco and Theo. Montague started a chant of "Fratelli d'Italia!" and the boys shook Draco's hand with mocking greetings of "Buongiorno!" and "Ciao bello!" Draco took it all in stride, shoving them off and joining their chanting with an energy she knew was put upon. One look back at Theo showed a sour expression on his face as Draco took the praise and adulation. She caught the eye of the girl on Theo's arm, and she winked at her. Hermione blinked, and turned around. Draco herded her to the head of the table, and Hermione took her position behind Draco's chair. She found Susan behind Goyle, Mortensen behind Pucey, and Penelope behind Flint. A few new Carrow Girls behind the others. And as the strawberry-blonde took her place behind Theo as he sat, Hermione realized the chair to Draco's left was empty. Blaise wasn't here. She was thankful that meant Giuliana was somewhere else as well. As soon as the boys were seated, the girls stepped forward for the wine bottles. Hermione followed, reaching beyond Draco's shoulder and pouring wine into his glass. They repeated their toast — "To the Dark Lord's power. May he reign forevermore" — and Hermione watched as eleven boys drank deeply to his honor. There was less food on the table than two weeks ago. No opulent pig roast or decadent side dishes. As the boys settled back into conversation, the strawberry-blonde and two other girls started moving around with trays, serving light hors d'oeuvres and cheese. Without dinner in the way, it didn't take long for the first girl to drop into a lap — a giggly waif in a silver collar who draped herself over Terrence Higgs without a fuss. As if he'd been waiting for the cue all evening, Goyle directed Susan to his lap, his arms wrapping around her stomach and his face inhaling deeply at her neck as she grimaced. Hermione was listening to the conversations and watching the boys closely, so she saw the exact moment Flint pulled a small box out of his robes. "What do we say, gentlemen," he called out over the noise. "Shall we lose some Galleons tonight?" The boys laughed and jeered, ribbing one another about who had won and lost last time. Flint's long fingers opened the box and plucked out a deck of cards and three dice. He began shuffling the deck as some boys groaned about the holes in the pockets, and others rubbed their greedy hands together in glee. Hermione had seen the Weasleys play this game at the Burrow before (usually only betting Knuts). Her rudimentary understanding was that it was similar to Muggle poker. Ron had tried to teach her in sixth year, but had gotten frustrated with her questions and gave up after only twenty minutes. She felt a shard of ice in her chest at the memory. She'd buried Ron in a book next to Ginny weeks ago. Pucey started divvying the chips, and the cards slid across the table with a magical push as Flint dealt them. She looked up and realized that over half of the girls were otherwise occupied. Some sat in laps or draped over the shoulders of their "dates." The other half refilled glasses and offered snacks. Only Hermione was left standing at attention. She stepped forward as Draco plucked up his cards. Grabbing the decanter of wine, she refilled his almost full glass to look busy, and as he rearranged his cards, she brushed her fingers over his collar. "Do you have a good hand?" she murmured, doing her best to imitate Pansy's purr. His jaw tightened for a split second. "Excellent," he said, with a confident flick of his eyes to meet Flint's. Flint smirked, then turned his gaze on her. "How are those heels tonight, Granger?" His gaze ran over her. "If you need to sit, you know my lap's always free." Before she could craft a response, Draco's hand was on her hip, pulling her downward without even looking up from his cards. The boys laughed. She landed across both his legs, the right side of her chest pressing against his left. With how short and tight the dress was, she was forced to shift herself until her legs crossed, her arm slung behind Draco's shoulder. Draco provided no assistance. Pucey started by rolling the dice, grinning down at the result. The glyphs on the sides were different than the ones she'd seen the Weasleys play with, so she gave up trying to summon the little she remembered. After the first hand was swept away, Flint called for wagers. "Let's make it good this time, gentlemen." He nodded at Montague. "You first." "I have the names of two defectors at the Ministry." Flint rolled his eyes. "That's terribly dull, Graham." "Well, that's what I have," Montague grumbled. "Then think of something better. I'm not risking what I know for something my grandmother could have told me." He turned his eyes on Pucey, who cleared his throat. "I have news on France." "I'll take that," Flint said. "I'll raise you a sighting of Johnson." Hermione's mouth felt dry, and she resisted the urge to lean forward. They were wagering secrets — sensitive topics about the war. The outside world. She chanced a look around the table and found the strawberry-blonde meeting eyes with another Carrow Girl before quickly glancing away, reaching for a slice of cheese off Theo's plate. "Intriguing, Flint. Who's your source?" "Well, you'll have to beat my hand to find out, won't you Cass?" "Goyle?" Montague asked. "Are you in? Anything new on your father?" But Goyle was nuzzling into Susan's neck, content to fold. "I have news on Dung. Spotted outside Edinburgh tonight," Derrick said. "That old pikey. What's he selling now?" "You'll just have to beat my hand to find out." "Draco?" Flint asked. "Are you in?" Hermione felt every pair of eyes turn on them. She glanced down to Draco's hand, unable to tell if what he had was sufficient to win. He plucked a card from the middle and replaced it on the end. "I'm in." He tilted his head, and Hermione felt his hair tickle her neck. "Anyone interested to know who it was that skipped through the boundary at Dover last month?" A charge pulsed through the table. Flint lifted a brow; Pucey leaned closer. Warrington set down his glass with a clink. Theo, on the other hand, stiffened. "That's classified," he hissed from their left. "You can't give away that kind of information." "I'm not giving it away," Draco drawled. "I'm planning to win my hand, thank you very much." He took a leisurely sip from his wine glass. "And you, Theo? Do you have anything of value?" Theo sat up straight in his chair, jostling the arms of the strawberry-blonde hanging off of his shoulders. "I can tell you which major government official plans to pay Edinburgh a visit next month," he snarled. "Cirillo already said she'd be back—" "No," Theo snapped. He sneered at the interruption. "Not Cirillo." A pause as the boys considered. "Well, you have my interest," Flint said with a grin. "Shall we play, boys?" Flint whispered into Penelope's ear, and with some reluctance, Penelope leaned forward and blew on the dice before Flint tossed them. Hermione watched cards exchange hands — watched the dice roll — watched the quick shuffling as the boys laughed and drank. She still couldn't figure out how the game was played, but she was far more invested in the conversation. One by one, the boys lost, spilling their secrets, and afterward, their gold. By the time they were down to their last few wine bottles, only Draco, Flint, and Theo had kept their secrets. She'd learned that Mundungus Fletcher had been spotted outside the Edinburgh gates attempting to sell a Time-Turner. He'd been stripped of all his possessions, tortured for a few hours, and set free. Pucey's news on France — that the Dark Lord had lost several new recruits during a battle near Normandy — had helped Hermione puzzle together two things. First, France was publicly against the Great Order — something she'd suspected, but hadn't confirmed until now. Second, the Dark Lord was enraged about it enough to go on the offensive — something uncommon for him. She wondered why France mattered to him. Another two hands, and she found out more. The name of a suspected traitor in Cirillo's cabinet. How Jugson was missing more than a hand. Flint finally lost his secret to a round of jeers, revealing that Angelina was spotted in Bristol at a closed-down Apothecary. Hermione's mind conjured millions of possibilities, but in the end, she knew that she shouldn't read too much into it. After all, while she had been on the run, she'd needed Dittany and Murtlap Essence more than anything else. Theo didn't seem terribly put out when he folded, smugly announcing that Edinburgh would be hosting the Undersecretary to the Korean Minister. Draco didn't lose, keeping his secret of who had escaped at Dover for another round. Hermione shoved aside her irritation that he hadn't told her before. She'd take it up with him later, but now was not the time. By the end of the next, Pucey, having lost his gold and secrets several rounds before, began kissing Mortensen's neck as he listened to the game, only piping in every now and then. Goyle was doing something similar, only it seemed he had completely disregarded the game to focus on sloppily kissing Susan's mouth. It was Warrington's turn to throw the dice. The Carrow Girl in his lap giggled when he offered her the dice to blow on, and he caught her lips with his as the dice tumbled across the table. Hermione looked away from the scene as Theo called out the results of the roll. They played their first hand, exchanging chips and cards. And when it was time to bet their information, Theo offered another visitor to Edinburgh in the next month. "Don't waste our time with that," Draco drawled. "I want to know what your father was researching in my library." Theo opened his mouth. "And don't feed me any bollocks about the Apparition Line," Draco continued, cutting over him. "I saw him lurking in the other sections." A stillness swept over the table. Theo's face flushed at being put on the spot, and clearly not in a way he enjoyed. "I'll take that bet," Flint said with a glint in his eye. "Especially since Theodore is panicking." The table chuckled. The strawberry-blonde cooed into Theo's ear and rubbed his shoulders as he scowled. Hermione felt her pulse spike, feeding off the intrigue, and she quickly looked down at the table to hide her eagerness. Theo scowled, drumming his fingers on the table. "Well, I'm only in if Draco tells us where Daddy Malfoy has been." Draco's ribs expanded against hers, and she saw the corner of his mouth lift. He made quite a show of looking down at his cards, weighing the options. "What do you think, Granger?" he lilted. "Think my cards are good enough?" She blinked at his hand, not sure how to answer, but knowing it didn't matter — he was only buying time. She thought of the other girls' hands trailing through the boys' hair or sliding down collar bones — the ways in which it was typical to flirt and touch and tease. Hermione plucked a card from the middle of Draco's hand and replaced it on the end. She leaned closer, and loudly whispered, "I think Theo's about to spill all his secrets." The boys burst into laughter — more raucous than the quip warranted. It wasn't terribly witty, but perhaps they were amused that it was said by her. That she was playing their game. "Now the game can start!" Flint yelled over the din. "I wondered when you'd show up, Granger!" "About time. Not nearly as cozy as they were last week—" "Finally warming up over there—" "—back to that swotty posture again, probably aching for a shag with Malfoy gone the last week—" Hermione let the words wash over her, straining a tight-lipped smile down at Draco's cards. Pansy had been doing something different. Something cozier. And they'd noticed the difference. She tried to relax back into Draco's arm and shoulder, tilting her body towards him. He was still as stone again, no help at all. Fighting back her irritation, she wiggled closer, trying to get as cozy as Pansy might have been — only to be stopped by his hand squeezing her leg in warning. As they tossed cards back and forth, she allowed the arm resting on the back of his chair to drape across his shoulders. She tried not to feel stung, knowing he hadn't been this cold with Pansy last week. Perhaps she simply needed to try harder. Let him know that she was comfortable. Theo won his hand, allowed to keep his secrets for a bit longer. Draco spread his cards on the table, and Hermione inferred that he had won as well. She felt her heart pounding in her chest as she decided to try something else — celebrating his win. Pressing her forehead to his temple, and painting on a coy smile, Hermione tilted her face up, reaching for his mouth with hers. The barest brush of her bottom lip across the corner of his mouth— And Draco jerked his face back, the smallest movement of his neck, like he'd dodged the swing of a sword. She froze, feeling his entire body seize up, his ribs no longer moving against hers. Embarrassment flooded her chest and neck, working its way to her cheeks. She'd tried to kiss him, and he'd rejected her. She didn't dare look at him, staring at her lap as her face burned. He continued shuffling his new hand as if nothing had happened. Soon enough, her embarrassment gave way to a boiling fury. He was going to jeopardize them. He couldn't accept a kiss from his Lot? What did that say? Had anyone seen? The sound in the room returned to her slowly as she lifted her head. The boys were chatting and passing cards. No eyes were on them, but there was something malicious about the way Marcus Flint grinned at the table, his fancy teeth cutting into his lip. She felt Draco's ribs moving again, and heard him swallow. Hermione stiffened at the reminder that he was there. They needed to talk. They needed a discussion about what their behavior was to consist of. He'd snarled at her last week, condescended at her ability to play-act, and then proceeded to sabotage her once she'd actually tried to play the game. She breathed deep, reminding herself that she couldn't show how she felt with so many watchful eyes in the room. "Your roll, Malfoy." Higgs slid the dice over to Draco, and she felt his arm extend to reach for them. "You gonna let her wish you luck?" Pucey teased. She'd seen almost every girl blow on the dice before they were thrown. A flirty smile and pursed lips before their heads bowed. And while she wished for nothing more than the freedom to refuse another opportunity to be humiliated, she knew she had to put on a show. Draco held the dice in front of her. She laid delicate fingers on his wrist, holding him in place, and looked up to his eyes as she blew cool air across his fingertips. He swallowed. And his eyes flashed. A chuckle from across the table. "We all know how much Granger loves to 'blow.'" She blinked, the spell broken the moment the words registered. She released his wrist, and he turned away as the cackling of hyenas ricocheted off the walls. "Too bad, she really does need that potion to loosen up—" Pansy had performed oral sex while in her body. "I'd give you an 'E,' Granger. Maybe an 'O,' but you'd have to let me judge firsthand—" It had been her mouth, her tongue. Her throat was dry as Draco brushed them off with a forced smile and tossed the dice. She sat ramrod straight in his lap while the round was played, pushing away the images until her heart stopped pounding in her ears and her breathing steadied. Hermione had never… she didn't know how. She could only assume that Pansy Parkinson knew what she was doing, but hopefully she didn't make Hermione out to be some kind of expert. She shook off these questions. Draco had told her that things would be much calmer — that he and Pansy had played their parts convincingly. She had to focus on the game and the secrets. She could deal with him later. But a stray thought snuck through as the boys threw in their Galleons. What did Draco see when he looked at her now? Did he picture her on her knees, unbuckling him? His eyes had been on her mouth last Friday night, after Pansy left through the Floo. Was he remembering it? A hand pressed lightly between her shoulder blades. Her skin jumped, and she realized she was tense as a board and angrily staring off into space. She breathed deep, pushing away these worrisome thoughts and refocusing. The boys were just offering their secrets as she relaxed back into Draco's hand. "I have something that has potential — now that we're in the final round," Flint said with a smirk. His eyes locked on hers as he said, "I happen to know the fate of one Ronald Weasley." A cold wave of dread crashed through her. And she knew she hadn't been able to temper her expression. Flint's eyes gleamed. She felt the hand on her back tense as well. "And how would you know that?" Theo sneered. "No one's heard of him for months." Flint shrugged, still smirking. "My potion is no longer available at Edinburgh. I have to make house calls these days. You wouldn't believe the things I've learned in exchange for a small discount." Hermione's heart thrummed. It sounded like Ron was alive. And Flint knew where he was being kept. "But it is a huge secret, you know," Flint said with a pout. "I feel like we should up the ante if I'm going to reveal this." Flint looked directly at Draco. Draco responded in a level voice, "I can reveal no more than the country my father is in, I'm afraid." "I don't care to know that. Truly." Flint shrugged, his eyes falling on Hermione again. She had the sinking sensation that he was playing with them, like a cat batting a mouse. "But I will wager that secret against a kiss from the Golden Girl." Hermione held her breath. She heard Draco's jaw click, and the weight in her stomach dropped. He would decline. And then she would have no idea what had happened to Ron. Her lips parted before Draco could take a breath. "One measly kiss?" She lifted a brow imitating the boy beneath her and said, "That's an easy bet to take. Hardly fair for you, though." Flint winked at her. "You sell yourself short, Granger. Perhaps that's just how madly I desire you." Draco tensed, about to jump in, about to end this. "How could my master refuse?" she quickly replied. "It costs him nothing if he loses." The hand on her back lifted, and she heard the arm of the chair creak under the strain of a hand squeezing it. The boys were silent, watching the unspoken tennis match between the two heads of the table. But the match was won, and Draco knew it. She could feel the anger radiating off of him even as he said, "Of course. An excellent wager." All eyes turned to the cards as Draco and Flint played, pulling new hands and rolling the dice. She judged Draco's success off of Theo, who had no poker face. The more disappointed he looked, the better Draco was doing. When they both finally laid out their cards, the entire table released a breath. Hermione waited. "Fuck," Montague whispered, running a hand through his hair. "It's a draw, sweetheart," Flint said to her from across the table, his lips twisted in an arrogant smile. "Such a shame. I would have liked to have tasted you just once." He made a show of licking his lips at her as the boys laughed and Draco stoically cleaned up his cards. Flint leaned closer, schooling his features in a mock pout. "And I'm sure you desperately wanted to know about your Weasley. Such a pity." Flint tapped his chin, as if deep in thought. "I'll tell you what," he said, shifting Penelope off his lap. "I'll still reveal my secret if you give me that kiss. Good and proper, now." She felt her pulse in her fingertips. Then Draco scoffed and plucked up his wine glass, draining the contents and preparing to excuse them from the room. She thought of warm blue eyes crinkling at her. A booming laugh, freckled skin, and the smell of fresh grass. She had barely seconds. But she had to know. Hermione stood swiftly. The room was still. They watched her as she moved to Flint, who was smirking at her with hungry eyes. She didn't spare a glance at Draco as she sat in Flint's lap, draped across his knees, and pulled his neck down to kiss him squarely on the mouth. She heard the table erupt in cheers and groans. She felt Flint smile against her lips before returning her kiss with a vengeance, his mouth cold and rubbery against hers. She was just pulling back when his hand slipped into her hair, and his other dropped to her thigh, rubbing the skin. His lips moved under hers, his hand gripping her curls to hold her still, and then his tongue was against her mouth, pressing forward to get inside. He'd barely managed it when she pushed back with all her might, breaking free of him and stumbling to her feet. The sound rushed back to the room as Flint grinned up at her, his thumb brushing over his lips. The boys pounded the table and howled. "Your secret, Flint?" Hermione yelled over the din, staring down at him, resisting the urge to wipe her mouth. Flint raised his hand to quiet the room, his new teeth shining proudly. "Your Weasley is alive, Granger. I saw him beaten and bloody at the Lestrange Estate last week, but he was still moaning when they kicked him." She felt the blood drain from her face. There was noise somewhere in the room, but she couldn't decipher the sounds. Ron was alive, but barely. The Lestrange Estate. Which one? Rabastan's or Rodolphus and Bellatrix's? She tried to find the voice to ask, but her wrist was taken, an arm around her back, and then Draco was leading her out of the room. Pushing her, really. The game was over. Several others followed them out, passing Harper, moving down the stairwell. Draco was silent. His hand on her hip was rigid as he guided her through the door, but she couldn't spare his temper a passing thought. Her mind was spinning with all the information she'd learned and the images her imagination conjured of Ron hanging on by a thread, bleeding on some manor floor. She walked the corridor in a daze, shoving her memories of Ron back into a closed book on the shelf, where he belonged. Her mind tingled afterward, worn from the effort. She needed air. She needed space. Her lips still felt strange and dry from Flint's, and her dress felt too tight. Draco steered her around another corner, and the sight of Charlotte waiting with a tray of drinks snapped Hermione out of her exhaustion. She was going into the Lounge. She was going into the Lounge, and she needed her wits about her. She turned to Draco and said, "I need to use the loo." He glanced down at her sharply. "I am allowed to relieve myself, yes?" she deadpanned. He glared at her and tugged her to the left, around the booths full of laughing men and painted girls, towards a hallway on the left. "There are guards inside," Draco said, his voice clipped. He pointed towards a ladies' room at the end of the hall. "Be quick about it." Hermione paused, regretting making the request if she wouldn't have the proper space to be alone. Then she nodded and walked away without sparing him a second glance. She pushed open the door, finding an old tiled room with three stall doors for tourists visiting Edinburgh. A male guard stood near the sinks, his eyes roving over her with interest. Hermione blushed, embarrassed at the thought of using the toilet with an audience. She hesitated in the doorway for half a second, and suddenly the door hit her as another person tried to enter. She moved aside, turning to apologize— The strawberry-blonde smiled back at her. Hermione blinked at her as she passed. She swallowed and hurried to a stall, feeling the attention of the guard still on her. She used the facilities quickly — the strawberry-blonde taking the cubicle next to hers — and once she was finished and washing her hands, a toilet flushed, and the girl was exiting, joining her at the sinks. They grabbed for a towel at the same time, and when Hermione turned to apologize, she saw the strawberry-blonde's eyes flick to the guard. "Your collar is askew," she said, in a thick Scottish accent. The guard was staring at them in the mirror as the strawberry-blonde stepped forward, into Hermione's space. She cocked her head as she reached up and began tugging at Hermione's collar. "Oh, thank you," said Hermione, her voice thin. "You're not supposed to talk to her," the guard barked. Hermione jumped, and the Scottish girl's hands dropped quickly. With a sway of her hips, the girl turned and smiled at him over her shoulder. "Mmm. We don't have to talk, I suppose." And with a wink, the Scottish girl stepped forward, cupped her hands on Hermione's face, and pressed her lips to Hermione's. Hermione's brows shot up, eyes wide open. The girl's mouth moved over hers, her hands sliding around Hermione's neck as she pressed their bodies together. Hermione couldn't move — couldn't think. This was… What was this? The girl brushed her fingers around Hermione's neck and let her tongue slide out, tasting Hermione's lips. She felt stiff and useless as the girl tugged at her collar— Her collar. Hermione gasped into the girl's mouth, granting her tongue entrance. The girl was doing something to her collar. She could see the guard shifting out of the corner of her eye, starting to come closer to them. She felt her pulse spike, gaze darting to the door. The girl pulled back and turned to the guard. "No, no. Ya can't touch." The guard leered at them with a mouth full of crooked teeth, and the Scottish girl giggled before taking her hand and pulling Hermione through the door behind her. Before she could catch her breath, she was pushed against the wall outside the restrooms — hands on her neck again, soft lips against hers. Hermione gasped as she felt the girl tug at her collar again. Was she pulling it off? Wasn't Hermione able to take it off herself? The girl pulled back, letting the collar rest on her neck again, the metal stretching snug against her skin. Planting one last slow, deliberate kiss on Hermione's lips, the girl winked and waltzed down the corridor... ...passing Draco. He stood still as stone, his eyes tracking the strawberry-blonde girl as she passed. His lips were parted in a strange way, as if he'd been about to speak and abruptly stopped. Hermione pressed her fingers to her lips, trying to make sense of the last two minutes. She'd followed her in the restroom. She'd clearly wanted something. Did she get it? "The fuck was that?" Her eyes snapped up to find Draco scowling at her, apparently recovered. Hermione opened her mouth. Then closed it. "She was… very friendly," she finally landed on. As she moved to join him in the main room, he grabbed her elbow and spun them around. "Any other friends you'd like to make tonight, Granger?" he sneered. And instead of leading to the couches in the Lounge, he dragged her straight to the fireplaces, calling out for Malfoy Manor and sweeping them back home. Once they were in the entry hall, he dropped her arm and stomped toward the stairs. Hermione blinked after him for a moment before her anger found her. "Why did we leave?" she demanded. "We weren't finished!" "I think you had enough fun for one night," he hissed, starting to climb. Her mouth fell open at his retreating back. "You're angry that I kissed Flint? You think that was fun for me?" He spun back, several stairs higher than her. "I'm angry that you made me look weak." She gaped at him. "Are you joking? Flint only made that bet because you refused to kiss me! You made us both look like idiots!" His jaw snapped shut. Starting to ascend again, he bit out, "Kissing is too intimate." Her temper boiled, bubbling over. Storming after him up the steps, she hissed, "Too intimate? Everyone else was kissing! I'm sure you kissed Pansy last week, so don't even—" "I didn't," he spat back, half a staircase above her. "Stop talking out of your arse, Granger—" "Oh, but you let her mouth on other places?" she shouted over him. "My mouth?!" Her voice echoed in the hall. She reached the second-floor landing just as he started up the stairs to the third floor. "So tonight was revenge, then?" He laughed humorlessly. "You're going to go around snogging as many people as possible to get back at me?" "Don't flatter yourself," Hermione snapped. "The girl in the bathroom was—" She didn't know if she should mention the way she'd fiddled with her collar. "Strange," she finished, "but Flint was a calculated move. He had information about Ron—" "Oh yes," he snarled, spinning back to her, his face pink. "Ron." He dropped two steps, meeting her in the middle of the staircase. "I do wonder what your boyfriend would have to say about your method of information gathering, Granger." She glowered at him, craning her neck up to meet his eyes. "My boy— my boyfriend?" "Yes," he hissed. "What if your precious Weasley knew that you dropped into any lap offering the smallest crumb of information—" "You — utter arse!" she exploded. "I wouldn't have to kiss your disgusting friends if you would just tell me what the fuck is going on!" His jaw clenched, and he spun around to storm up the rest of the staircase. "I answer every bloody question you ask me, Granger—" "Merlin forbid you offer anything else!" She sprinted after him in her heels. "Like any kind of game plan for these evenings. Or having the decency to tell me about your stupid No Kissing Rule!" She followed around the corner as he made for his bedroom door, huffing and stomping in his wake. "You want a rule, Granger?" he yelled down the hallway, shoving open his bedroom door. "Don't throw yourself at my friends!" "Fuck off, Malfoy!" He glared at her and disappeared into his room, slamming the door behind him. She followed suit, marching into her bedroom, fuming with the fire in her blood. She ripped off her heels, chucking them at the wall connecting their rooms, hoping he heard. Reaching up for the collar, her fingers pried open the clasp, and the metal fell away onto the floor — A thin scrap of paper fluttering down with it. Hermione stared at it, her entire body frozen at the sight. A piece of parchment, torn off the edge of something, no wider than her little finger. She bent down slowly, thinking of the way the girl with strawberry-blonde hair had squeezed underneath her metal collar. To slide a thin slice of paper beneath the gold. Her shaking fingers reached for the scrap, turning it over. Her breath hitched. A familiar handwriting from days at the Burrow spent giggling, notes passed back and forth about Harry and Ron and kisses and wishes. A hasty scribble in red lipstick that sent Hermione's mind reeling, her heart beating out of its cage. How do I kill him? — GW
A/N: Sorry for the later update! It's the Thanksgiving holiday in the States, and the betas and I were with family all week. Many thanks to saintdionysus and raven_maiden. There's a new fandom podcast called Wine, Wands, and Waffling run by the INCREDIBLE LadyKenz347 and Frumpologist. I stopped by for A VERY LONG CHAT and my episode aired over the weekend! Check them out on Google Podcasts, Spotify, and iTunes. TRIGGER WARNING: Some elements of gore/horror in this chapter. Mind your mental well-being please. See end for more details. Ginny. Hermione stared down at the piece of paper between her fingertips. Her bookshelves shuddered as a heavy tome pushed forward, opening to flashes of scarlet hair and mischievous eyes. Ginny was alive, and waiting for her help… How do I kill him? — GW Her handwriting. Her words. Her fire. Hermione screwed her eyes shut. Either the strawberry-blonde girl knew Ginny, or someone with access to both girls had served as the go-between. She took a shaky breath, stilling her trembling shelves. The note didn't seem like a ruse. Polyjuice Potion wouldn't allow someone to replicate Ginny's handwriting, and the note did fit with her theories about Cho and Charlotte. Girls were quietly revolting against the Great Order, using notes at the Lot parties to communicate. But Ginny had been locked away for over a month now. A weight dropped in Hermione's stomach. How long had Ginny been waiting for her response? Weeks? Or were there other methods of communication that she wasn't aware of? Hermione examined the paper over and over, looking for anything else important, and then tossed it into the fire. She watched the parchment crackle and curl. How do I kill him? Ginny Weasley had direct access to Voldemort. "The Dark Lord's pet," Cirillo had called her. She was close enough that she believed she could kill him. Hermione paced her room, thinking of how to answer. The problem was that killing Voldemort wasn't even half of the battle. Nagini. Nagini had to be first. If Voldemort died before Nagini, it wouldn't be good enough. The night the Killing Curse had rebounded, when he first tried to kill Harry, he hadn't died because his Horcruxes kept him alive. As the final Horcrux, the snake had to go first. And there were only three ways to kill her. Fiendfyre, basilisk venom, or the Sword of Gryffindor. There were only two people alive that knew about the snake — her and Ron. Ginny could be the third. Dumbledore had allowed three people to know after his death. How long had the strawberry-blonde girl been holding onto Ginny's note, waiting for her moment with Hermione? Hermione stopped her pacing, bracing herself on the fireplace mantle. Who was she? Who was the strawberry-blonde? She didn't recognize her, but that wasn't necessarily a cause for concern. Lots had been taken from multiple countries throughout Europe — some were even Muggles. And being magic suppressed and under the Carrows' watch made it extremely unlikely that any of the girls would have access to a bottomless supply of Polyjuice Potion. She thought back to Charlotte. Cho. The girls taking hands under the table with glass in their knees. There was a system in place — a network. And the strawberry-blonde was just a cog in the machine. If they were going to survive this together, Hermione would have to trust her. She raced to her desk drawers, taking out spare parchment. She ripped pieces and tested their size under the collar until she had a pile to work with. After a few tries, with a sharp quill point, she figured out how to get the maximum number of words on the scrap. But as she looked down at her small print drying on the parchment with concise words, she realized the implications of her words. Fiendfyre, basilisk venom, Gryff sword. Nagini first. If they were caught… she was handing over the keys to it all. Not even Dumbledore had written it down. Few people knew what Horcruxes were, but a catalog search of those terms would lead them straight to the subject. The point of keeping them a forbidden topic was to discourage the power-hungry from weaponizing them. If the information fell into the wrong hands... Could she trust that the information would get to the right people without being discovered? How direct was the strawberry blonde's access to Ginny? How many hands would carry this information? And a dark thought as Hermione stared out her windows to the moonlit grounds — Would it matter? Could Ginny accomplish it on her own? How could Ginny summon Fiendfyre, or find basilisk venom? Would the Sword of Gryffindor appear to her at the exact right moment? Hermione shook her head, banishing her concerns away. However impossible her circumstances may have seemed, Ginny was resourceful. Clever. Hermione had to trust her; had to get her the information she'd asked for. But she'd have to find another way. A note was too risky. For now, the most helpful information Hermione could pass on was that Voldemort may be the King, but Nagini was the Queen. Take the Queen first. Ginny couldn't focus on Voldemort. She had to get close to Nagini. And Hermione would have to find a way to pass the rest of the information without a note. The image of Voldemort's face after invading her mind swam up. The look of uncertain, complicated thought once he'd confirmed that Harry had been an unintentional Horcrux. Hermione bit her lip, praying he hadn't created another. His soul was already unstable — hopefully he wasn't unwise enough to split it further. It was four in the morning by the time Hermione settled on two words, clear and crisp in the quill's ink. A hint, and a warning. A thought that neither Ginny nor George nor any other living person besides Ron would think of. Snake first. She slept till one in the afternoon, letting the emotional whiplash of the previous evening run its course through her. The full weight of her problems seemed to return to her as she lay in bed, blinking at the ceiling. She grimaced and threw the covers off herself. She'd decided on how to respond to Ginny's note, but as she poured her coffee from the carafe that had appeared on her nightstand, she knew she had a more immediate problem. It was critical for her to maintain consistent appearances at Edinburgh, making herself available for any form of communication. And to do that, she and Draco needed to cooperate better. Their row last night had cut the evening short — something she couldn't afford in the future. Hermione took a long sip of coffee, considering. Three things had seemed to anger him last night. Kissing Flint, trying to play the part in the dining room, and letting the strawberry-blonde get close to her. Hermione supposed she could see his perspective about Flint, but she'd do it again in a heartbeat. Surely he had to understand why. The rest of his anger made no sense. She closed her eyes, fighting back her irritation at the impossible riddle that was Draco Malfoy. Perhaps understanding the root cause of his anger wasn't as important as making sure it wouldn't happen again. She needed to know what she could and couldn't do. Or else he might revert back to taking Pansy in her body. Hermione frowned into her coffee cup. That couldn't happen. It was her body — only she had the right to be in it. And the girls were counting on her to be there, petty squabbles aside. She needed to make amends with him. Even though he was in the wrong. Scowling, she drained the rest of her coffee mug and went to her bath to wash up. After collecting her thoughts, she searched the Manor for him. She found him in his study on the first floor, the door slightly cracked. There was no response after a few knocks, so she pushed the door open with her fingertips, holding her breath as it swung backward. He was bent over his desk, sealing an envelope with the Malfoy wax seal with an impassive expression on his face. She stood in the doorway and waited for him to acknowledge her. He finally glanced up at her, glaring before his eyes raked over her jeans and trainers. He always hated when she wore jeans, she'd noticed. She swallowed and lifted her chin. "Can we have a discussion?" "By all means, Granger." His tone was acerbic as he stood, replacing the seal and the wax in his desk drawer. She felt the anger that only he stirred in her start to boil before she refocused. Staying put in the doorway, almost blocking his exit, she said, "I'd like to talk about the fact that we haven't had a successful evening at Edinburgh yet." His eyes flickered up to her. "Successful." She nodded, and the corner of his mouth twitched. "And what would that look like, Granger?" "You tell me," she said quietly. "I've been twice, and both times I've felt like I'm drowning." A flash of something in his face — guilt, perhaps. She pushed forward, holding his gaze. "I want to continue going to Edinburgh. I don't want you to take someone else in my body again." He inhaled sharply. "Granger—" "As terrifying and disgusting as it is, Edinburgh is the one place I get to see my old friends," she rushed over him. "And hear a bit about the world outside." She paused, biting her lip. She'd decided against telling him about the note or the communication channels. Even though her heart told her that Draco could be trusted, her mind knew it was illogical. He'd kept her in the dark about so many things. "What are you trying to say, Granger?" He stood next to his desk with his hands in his pockets, staring at her with a tilted gaze. "We need to be on the same page at these parties. No more rows." "And how do you propose that?" "Well, for starters, if I must refrain from kissing Marcus Flint in the future, I suppose I can make the sacrifice," she said dryly. He rolled his eyes and sighed. "How magnanimous of you." "I think we need to be more comfortable with each other," she said, jumping right to the point. His eyes snapped to hers, unreadable. "I'm too stiff, you're too… skittish." He opened his mouth as if to argue with her. "Against 'intimacy,' whatever," she said with a flippant gesture. His mouth closed, and she looked away from his intense gaze. "I like to go into situations with all the necessary information. I didn't know you had an aversion to kissing, nor did I know about the details of Pansy's trip to Edinburgh in my body" — she was quite proud of her voice for not cracking — "and both of those facts jarred me." She tore her gaze from his desk and found his eyes staring at a point over her shoulder. She swallowed. "I believe Flint read my discomfort." "And capitalized on it," he finished. She nodded. Taking a deep breath and remembering Ginny — remembering how she needed her — Hermione asked the question that had brought her down here to begin with. "Have dinner with me tonight," she said. "Just the two of us." His eyes jumped to her face. He was still, except for the muscle in his jaw. "Have…" "Dinner." She nodded. "I want to discuss what a successful evening in Edinburgh looks like to you. What it would take on my part to convince your friends and the other Death Eaters of the kind of relationship we are supposed to have." He scratched his neck, and she saw pinpricks of pink under his collar. "I'm out this evening." The response was swift, and it made Hermione's eyes narrow. "Tomorrow then," she said. He shifted on his feet, and she cut off the excuse she knew was coming. "Or any day, really. My schedule is wide open." He stared a hole into his desk as he responded, "Tomorrow." "Wonderful. I'll arrange everything with the elves. Just the two of us." He lifted a brow and, with a tinge of reluctance, said, "It's a date." She felt her pulse pound and her cheeks heat. She mumbled something in the affirmative before disappearing from the doorway and racing up the stairs back to her room. Remmy had glared at her when she entered the kitchens and asked for a private dinner to be served for herself and Draco at 8PM. The elf had radiated sarcasm as she asked, "Does Miss want candles on the table too?" "Only food and wine will be necessary, thank you," Hermione had stammered, before tripping out of the room. She had afternoon tea with Narcissa, and though she mentioned nothing, she did ask if Hermione wanted to join her for dinner that evening. Hermione had come up with a feeble excuse for taking dinner in her room, praying fervently that Narcissa would take her usual dinner on the veranda. Narcissa simply replied with "Certainly, dear," and took a delicate bite of her biscuit, smiling slyly into her teacup. The word "date" stuck in her head like glue, flustering her as she tried to prepare for the evening. Hermione had to stop herself from changing out of her denims several times. When her hands had reached for the makeup drawer in her vanity, she busied them with tying her hair into a plait to rest on her shoulder instead, chastising herself for considering something as silly as dressing up for Draco Malfoy. This wasn't "a date." This was preparation for another outing to Edinburgh. She needed to get back to Ginny, and he needed to ward off suspicion. Frowning, she studied her reflection in the mirror. She couldn't lose her head about tonight, despite the feelings she hadn't yet managed to bury. She caught herself fixing her hair again, and rolled her eyes at her stupidity — Draco Malfoy would never take her on a date. At a quarter till eight, she headed down to the dining room to check on preparations. Remmy had set two places, just as she'd asked — one at the head of the table, and one just to the left. A bottle of red wine had been decanted, and the serving dishes were full of vegetables and roast. She awkwardly took her seat at the side of the table, and only had to wait five minutes before Draco's footsteps drew her gaze to the door. She stood swiftly as he entered, and she was glad to see his dragon leather shoes instead of his Death Eater boots. His eyes skimmed the wine and food on the table before landing back on her, quickly assessing her braided hair and jeans. "Granger," he greeted before sweeping to his chair at the head of the table, with the confidence of someone who usually enjoyed dinner with his slave. She managed a quick nod. Retaking her seat, she focused on placing her napkin across her lap as she asked, "How was your day?" He cleared his throat. "Fine. And yours?" "Lovely, thank you." She reached for her wine glass and drank deeply, trying, but failing, to think of something to break the silence. Draco filled his plate with food before pushing the serving plate in her direction, his lips in a thin line. Hermione played with her utensils, heat creeping up her neck. They ate in silence for thirty-six seconds before she could bear it no longer. "Clearly neither of us are ones for small talk, but I don't intend to sit for two hours in silence, Malfoy." He lifted a brow at her, and she felt the flush spread to her cheeks. "I have more questions. But I know you hate questions—" "I don't hate questions—" "They put you into a 'mood'—" "They do not. You put me into a mood." She scowled at him and speared her vegetables with a forceful clink. He sipped his wine, studying her. She took a large, defiant bite of food, and held his gaze. "What are your questions, Granger?" She swallowed thickly. "Who is Charlotte?" "She's descended from the Selwyn family." He frowned in thought. "Charlotte's mother was disowned for marrying a Muggle-born. The family is British, but Charlotte was raised in Germany. She lived there until her father started organizing against the Dark Lord, at which time she was taken and given to the Carrows." Hermione's mind whirred, taking it all in. "And why has she been given so much authority at Edinburgh? You said she has more freedom than any other Carrow Girl." "I couldn't say, really." He sliced into his roast with small, precise cuts. "I suppose it's because she's… quite good at what she does." A cold suspicion crashed over her. "And what exactly does she do?" Draco's fork stopped halfway to his mouth. "Host. With a smile. Flirt and joke. Be seen when she needs to be seen, be invisible when she needs to be invisible." Hermione pursed her lips as she cut her roast. The arrogance of the Death Eaters was astounding. It seemed like an awful oversight to give a girl with a background like Charlotte's the keys to Edinburgh, allowing her to move from room to room largely at will. Hermione stared at her plate as a new thought occurred to her. Charlotte probably knew almost every detail of the goings-on at the castle. Even the ones in the "other" room that Hermione had not yet been allowed in. She filed the information away and moved to her next question. "The tattoos. How did you and Blaise find a way around them for Pansy?" "We didn't." She narrowed her eyes at him, and he shrugged. "A blood purifying spell and pure luck. We weren't sure if it would work. It's my understanding that if Pansy had crossed the estate line, it would have been all but impossible to remove it." "And you have no idea how to find out a way around these tattoos." "It's not exactly the kind of question I'd go around asking other Death Eaters, no," he said dryly. "All official slave trades are supposed to go through Yaxley or Dolohov." "Hence why Pansy's 'dead.'" "Yes." A muscle in his cheek twitched. "Making your grand escape plan, Granger?" "Hmm," she said innocently, ignoring his question. "You were willing to divulge information on who escaped at Dover during the card game. Care to share?" She watched him chew, lips pressed tight with small bites, just like his mother. An aristocratic jaw moving quickly. "Bill and Fleur Weasley made it out." Hermione blinked, gaze pulling from his lips. "They did?" He nodded down at his plate. "And my aunt and her grandson." Hermione squeezed her napkin in both palms, letting out a shaky breath of relief. Bill, Fleur, and Tonks' mother and baby were safe. She hadn't heard anything about them. Apparently Voldemort had been censoring the Prophet's list of Undesirables as well. "Do you know where they went?" "France." He drank his wine, and she watched him swallow. "They're causing quite a few problems for the Dark Lord there." Hermione smirked into her napkin. Good. When she glanced back up at him, a smile still fading on her lips, he was still looking away from her. She took a deep breath and braced herself for the second half of her plans for the evening. Grabbing her wine glass and taking two huge gulps, she stood. His eyes snapped to her. "What are you doing?" "I think"—she swallowed, hating the reedy sound in her voice—"I think we should practice." His fork and knife hovered over his plate. His eye twitched. "Practice." "To get more comfortable around each other." She moved to the other side of him, reaching for the wine bottle. He didn't move an inch while she filled his glass, like she usually did at Edinburgh. Standing just to his side, she pressed her lips together when he didn't look up at her, still frozen in his chair. "I think you should pull me into your lap now." He placed his utensils down and sucked in a sharp breath. "This is your master plan, Granger?" "Yes. We need to be more comfortable to put on a convincing show." She twisted her fingers around each other. "We could both use a bit of rehearsal—" "That won't be necessary." "I disagree. You saw that stunt Flint pulled, and he'll try it again if we keep giving him reasons to—" "This whole idea is just childish—" "What's childish is that you can't bear to touch me!" "I touch you enough, it's absurd you're asking for more—" "—and although it's quite obvious that I physically repulse you—" A dry laugh burst from him. Her nostrils flared. "I don't know how you behave towards girls you're sleeping with, Malfoy, but if this is your idea of intimacy, then you clearly need more help than I could ever offer—" His hand darted out and grabbed her opposite hip, tugging her into his lap. She swallowed her squeak and steadied herself on the table, heart pounding. In an attempt to save her dignity, she lifted her chin, shifting until she could sit properly. It seemed it was no less difficult to find a balanced position in her jeans and trainers than it was in a short dress and heels. "What now, Granger?" he rumbled, and she felt it vibrate through her ribcage. The tips of her ears burned. "Just… behave normally. Like this is… normal." She cleared her throat and reached for her wine, stretching back to her table setting. "Eat dinner as if I'm not even here." Draco seemed to take a long, slow breath before picking up his fork again. He pushed his vegetables around, staring at his peas intently. Hermione refused to stare at her lap — too stiff. She had a few choices. She could awkwardly stare at his face. She could watch him play with his food. Or, the safest option: she could stare at his neck, studying the way the pink blush had spread under her gaze. "How often do the boys play cards at dinner?" she asked softly, and she watched his throat bob as he swallowed. "They play maybe every other week. There's no schedule," he said. "And that's not dangerous? To have the girls as witnesses?" "They removed their memories after the first two times, but there were complaints that the girls were too addled afterwards. So everyone just... risks it, I suppose. The girls have been instructed to be discreet." Hermione frowned. Arrogant and barbaric. She thought of the strawberry-blonde and her intent eyes during the game, listening to every detail. The Carrow Girls may be under a tight leash, but they had access to a wealth of knowledge. She steadied her heartbeat and asked the question she'd been fearing. "Is there anything else I should know about the night Pansy went as me?" His jaw tightened as he chewed. He shook his head and reached for his wine glass. "Are you positive?" she pressed. "I was caught off guard on Friday, and it got us into a situation—" "There's nothing else to know," he snapped. His wine glass clunked down on the table. She paused. "Pucey mentioned that we didn't look 'cozy.' He implied that Pansy looked more comfortable at dinner." She took a steadying breath, reminding herself why she had to ask. "In Edinburgh, being discreet means being comfortable with each other. Tell me what that looks like?" His ribs stopped moving under hers. She felt his stomach muscles stiffen before he took a slow inhale and said, "Pansy and I will be more comfortable with each other by nature of our past relationship. So there was—" "You mean, because you've had sex." He exhaled sharply. "I guess, yeah." Her throat felt dry as she nodded. There was no logical reason for her to think they hadn't slept together at Hogwarts, so she wasn't sure why the confirmation made her stomach turn. "It's"—he cleared his throat—"it's not just that. Pansy and I were close. I'm sure you'd be far more comfortable sitting in Weasley's lap—" Hermione snorted. "I have never done anything like this with Ron." His lips pressed together tightly, and the hand holding his wine glass squeezed. "So what do I do?" she continued. "What did Pansy do differently?" He heaved a great, laboring sigh. "Your behavior on Friday was fine. We can keep doing that—" "Alright then." She reached up and ran through the hair on the back of his head. Brushing her fingers along his scalp, letting the smooth locks thread through her knuckles. His head jerked away. "What are you doing—?" "Oh, you have a No Hair Touching Rule as well?" She rolled her eyes. "Relax." He let out a ragged breath as her fingers dragged through the hair over his ear. She saw him pick up his fork again, but do nothing with it. Brushing through his hair like silk, she curved over his ear, her fingertips rounding the shell. As he shivered, she thought of the way Goyle and Pucey held their girls close and just watched the card game. The way the strawberry-blonde had massaged Theo's neck and kissed his jaw for luck. The way she'd seen other Carrow girls smile and whisper into boys' ears or nuzzle into their necks. "Relax," she repeated quietly. She brushed his hair over his ear again, her fingers trailing around and down to his neck, flushed pink with the wine. She leaned forward and pressed her lips to the skin below his ear. The earth ceased to spin in the heartbeat it took for his arm to curl around her waist, his hand splayed on her ribs. She parted her lips and kissed him again. His skin was clean and minty, and she felt his throat bob under her mouth as he swallowed. And then in quick movements, she was pushed to her feet, and he was up out of his chair. "The fuck are you doing?" he hissed. She steadied herself on the table and watched him touch his neck, where her lips had just been. His mouth moved wordlessly as he stared at her. Maybe he felt like she'd contaminated him. "I'm doing what I'm supposed to," she snarled. "If you'd just calm down—" "You can't just sit in a bloke's lap and kiss his neck, Granger!" She blinked at him, breathing quickly as he dragged a hand through his hair. "And why not? That is precisely what happens at Edinburgh—" "That's Edinburgh!" he snapped. "This is here, in my house!" Her eyes were wide as she watched him move toward the exit. "What is your problem? We're practicing—!" "You cannot be this daft," he muttered, striding out of the dining room. She stormed after him, stopping at the doorway. "We're not done, Malfoy! I expect you at dinner tomorrow evening!" He disappeared around a corner, and Hermione cursed under her breath, throwing her arms in the air. She stomped to the table, drained her glass of wine, and finished her plate — and his, too, in case he planned to summon it later. After sending an elf to Draco's room with a formal invitation to supper, Hermione spent the rest of her Monday Occluding. She was perfectly prepared to spend another meal in his lap again, and she'd work harder to convince him of the necessity. Pushing away her stray thoughts about the scent of his skin and the warmth of his chest against her side, she focused on Ginny. She focused on how to stay in the game. At a quarter till eight, she made her way downstairs. She was still waiting for him to arrive at 8:05, glaring into her wine glass despite her self-assurance that she'd be less reactive this time. At 8:12, she finally heard footsteps dragging across the stones. When she turned to lift a brow at him, he looked very much like a child that had been dragged with his parent to the office for the day — scowling with bored eyes, resigned to having a terrible time. "Good evening," she lilted sarcastically. He shuffled to his place at the table without a word. Once he was seated, she stood, poured his wine, and sat determinedly in his lap, as if daring him to object. His expression didn't change as she tugged her plate of food closer, sipped her wine, or munched on the finger food that Remmy had sent as their first course. "I have another question," she said primly, breaking the silence. He didn't respond, ignoring her gaze boring into him as he drank deeply from his wine. "Where is your father?" That earned her a scowl, and he plunked his glass back on the table. "You know I can't tell you that." "You were about to gamble that information away on Friday." "I knew I was going to win." "You tied. That was hardly winning." She felt his ribs expand against hers with a deep breath. "You were only going to name the country," she continued, in a gentler tone. "You can't even give me that?" The expression that flashed through his eyes momentarily stunned her. A softness that told her maybe she could ask anything of him. She blinked at him over her wine glass, and it was gone. Perhaps she'd imagined it. "Romania." His long fingers toyed with the white tablecloth. "That's all I know." "Romania," she repeated, willing her heartbeat to calm. "He's gone indefinitely?" Draco nodded. "He can make emergency Floo calls, but he's not to be disturbed unless strictly necessary." She frowned, knowing she had nothing but pure speculation. Not wanting to push him too much after the previous evening, she refrained from asking more questions. She sat quietly in his lap as he finished his wine and ate his meal, her mind sorting through all she'd learned. She was disappointed by how much he didn't know — how much she still didn't know— but at least it was a start. She didn't have the sense that he'd lied or withheld information from her. More importantly, they seemed to be making progress on an interpersonal level. Despite the evening's rocky start, they hadn't fought, which was a significant improvement. The next night, she ate early and finished her wine quickly, giving her the courage she needed to push their boundaries a bit farther. She spent the meal curled into his side, running her fingers through his hair as he poked at his vegetables. She noticed that he held her eye longer than usual, and she tried her best to ignore the fluttering in her chest each time it happened. "What about the Lounge," she asked. She felt him breathe before saying, "What about it?" "I've only been once." She took a deep sip from her wine glass. "You said the atmosphere is calmer—?" "This is fine," he cut her off. "What we're doing here"—his hand gestured between them—"will be fine for Friday." She lifted a brow, but kept her reservations to herself. They'd cross that bridge later, but for now, she didn't want to upset their progress. It was still too fragile. As the week progressed, Draco began to distract her thoughts even more than usual. She had to increase the amount of time she spent Occluding in the morning so she could stay on task the rest of the day while she scoured the Prophet and continued researching. But at night, when it was just the two of them, she pulled his shelf forward, letting his volumes flutter open to vibrant colors and patterns. It was dangerous, she knew, given her history of feelings for him — but she couldn't see a way around the need to build trust. A solid connection with him, if not a friendship. She ignored the niggling voice in her head that told her she didn't want to find another way. On Wednesday, she picked off his plate while sitting against his chest. He fought her for the last of his potatoes, his fork jabbing at her fingers when she reached for them. Her pulse thrummed as she smiled and tried to offer him the potato, pressing it to his lips. He rolled his eyes and turned his face away. That's how Narcissa Malfoy found the two of them — with Hermione in her son's lap, his arm wrapped around her waist, and her trying to feed him as he dramatically twisted his head from side to side. "Oh," Narcissa said. Hermione gasped, tumbling out of Draco's lap. Draco jumped up, knocking over his wine glass. "We weren't—" "This isn't what it looks—" "It's only that—" "Couldn't have knocked, Mother?" "My," Narcissa hummed, and Hermione felt her face turn beet red at the barely concealed grin spreading across her features. "Don't let me interrupt." "You're not interrupting anything," Draco said quickly, almost shouting the words. He started to push in his chair, shoving it roughly after it skidded noisily on the floor. "No, no." Narcissa waved her hands. "Please finish your meal. I insist." And with a sparkle in her eye, she said, "Is there anything I can bring you? More wine? Perhaps the elves can bring dessert?" "Mother," Draco hissed in warning. Hermione stared at her shoes, pulse pounding in her ears. Her skin felt itchy with guilt and embarrassment in every place that had just been in contact with Draco's body. "Very well, then. Enjoy the rest of your dinner." Narcissa glided out of the room with a cheeky wink. Hermione dropped her head into her hands as soon as she turned the corner. "Oh god," she groaned. Draco shifted on his feet before excusing himself with an unintelligible mumble, leaving her alone in the dining room with only her burning skin and guilty conscience. On Friday, they followed the now-familiar path to the courtyard, though she fell in step with him easily this time. She refrained from playing with her collar as best she could, but she felt the note burning her skin. She'd debated about it all day Thursday, but still didn't feel like she should tell Draco about the note yet. She could only pray that she'd have another opportune moment alone with the strawberry-blonde. When Charlotte greeted them with champagne, Hermione studied her carefully. But the brunette simply smiled and toasted them as they passed, her eyes quickly flitting away. Hermione tried to keep eye contact, tried to communicate with her, but the curtain closed on them while she turned to greet another guest. She found Cho hanging off of Mulciber's arm across the Great Hall, smiling as his hand drifted lower on her back. But Hermione's interest was elsewhere, her eyes wide and alert for any sign of the strawberry-blonde. Before she could get a decent look around the room, Draco was leading her up the twisting steps, passing Harper's check, and through the doors to the dining room. Hermione swallowed her disappointment, wondering if she'd made a mistake by not telling him. The first thing she noticed was Blaise Zabini laughing jovially at something Nott had said. Her eyes darted behind Nott's chair and found a different Carrow Girl waiting quietly to pour the wine. Her eyes scanned, but still not a trace of the strawberry-blonde. The disappointment in her stomach twisted more heavily. "Be still my heart," a voice called out as the door shut behind them, and Hermione turned to find Marcus Flint with bowing dramatically at her. "My lady approaches." She cast her eyes down, ready to play her part. "Not your lady," Draco snapped, part warning, part playful edge to his voice. "Oh, Love," Flint crooned, "did Draco whomp you good and proper after last week? Never one to share, our boy. Why don't you bend over my lap so I can kiss it better?" The boys laughed as Draco took his seat, his jaw barely tensing before it loosened in a grin. More greetings and conversation as she assumed her position in front of the window. She took an inventory of the girls around the table, starting at her right: several Carrow Girls who usually rotated around Higgs, Derrick, and Warrington; Susan behind Goyle; and Penelope behind Flint. But Mortensen was absent from her place behind Pucey's chair, replaced with a Carrow Girl. She cataloged the information and moved on before losing her breath at the sight of the Italian Minister's niece standing behind Zabini's chair. Giuliana Bravieri looked so small. Her eyes staring down at her shoes, her wrists thin and crossed submissively in front of her stomach. Hermione's heart ached, bile rising in her throat at the reminder of what she'd been through, followed by sharp anger. So much for her "not appearing anytime soon." But then, perhaps Draco hadn't known she would be here tonight. Ten girls stepped forward, pouring wine into crystal glasses, and before she could return to the wall, Draco's arm was around her waist, guiding her to his lap. Other than Zabini lifting a theatrical brow at them, no one else said a word about it. Hermione was quite pleased with their "practicing" paying off, but she did have a moment of guilt for the extra minutes Susan had to spend against Goyle's chest when he quickly followed Draco's lead. She crossed her legs in her little slip, tilting her knees toward Draco's waist. His left arm slipped over her hip, holding her to him instead of clenching his fingers tight around the arm of the chair. When she shifted in his lap, nuzzling into his neck and letting her fingers play with the hair on the back of his head, he didn't flinch. She felt giddy with success. Their time together had paid off, just like she'd predicted. He jostled her when he laughed at something Zabini said, and she turned to the source, finding the Italian girl staring at her with deep brown eyes. She was sitting gingerly in Zabini's lap, as though he wasn't nearly as comfortably intimate with her as he'd been with the others. Hermione felt examined, flayed open by her gaze. The girl quickly turned her eyes back to the tablecloth, a small smile pulling at her full lips, almost as if she'd been caught. Hermione swallowed and pushed her concerns for the young girl aside, focusing on what information she could gather. Nothing noteworthy caught her ear in the table's conversation after the first half hour. But then Theo's voice rang out above the others. "There's a One O'Clock Gun tonight," he said, lazily twirling his fork in the air. A collective murmur of interest swept through the table. All except Draco, whose thighs tensed beneath hers. She dragged her fingers through his hair, rubbing circles in his scalp like he'd done for her their first night here. The phrase was familiar, but she couldn't place it. It seemed like a military expression. "I love dinner and a show," Flint said, and the table erupted into laughter. Draco's hand squeezed her hip — shivering her skin pleasantly. She caught herself, refocusing. She had more pressing concerns, like whether this new event would cut into her time to find the strawberry-blonde. Feeling eyes on her, she turned to find Giuliana Bravieri staring at Draco's hand on her hip with gleeful curiosity. Hermione frowned at her, trying to decipher what the girl was thinking. Her brown eyes flickered up to hers, and just before the girl looked away to stare submissively down at the tablecloth again, she lifted her brow at Hermione — a perfect arch — and sent her a mischievous smirk — one born from years of practice, years of superiority and status. Hermione felt her breath stutter in her chest. Pansy. Could it be? It was too much of a coincidence that this broken fourteen-year-old could conjure a smile like that. Hermione caught herself staring, and closed the book on Pansy, shoving it away. She turned her eyes back to the table, and opened her ears again. It was a rather uneventful evening in the dining room, despite the hours they sat there talking and laughing. Pucey was bringing up past memories of notable Quidditch games at Hogwarts. She heard Harry's name several times, and she felt the pages of his book shiver and rattle until she forced them to settle in her mind. A chiming, amplified throughout the dining room, cutting off the music playing and silencing the voices in surprise. Hermione looked up, searching for the source. The clock on the wall read quarter till one. The boys cheered, grabbing their drinks and gripping their girls close, rubbing their hands together. Draco peeled her off of him, all tension returning to his body. Zabini shared a look with Giuliana — Pansy. "What is it?" Hermione whispered to Draco. He shook his head at her in warning and followed the others as they descended the spiral staircase into the Great Hall. She kept her eyes open for the strawberry-blonde, searching the crowd of people as they headed to the exits into the courtyard. Her hand reached for her collar to adjust it, and she caught herself. "She has to use the loo," Draco announced. "I'll join you at the Mills Mount." Pansy snapped her head to them, looking out from Giuliana's brown eyes. Hermione turned up to Draco as he steered them toward the hallway. Her mouth opened to ask— "Don't," he hissed. "Just trust me on this." She felt her heart pounding in her ears as Draco led them around the crowd, suddenly cutting left to the fireplaces. "Not leaving already, Malfoy?" a gravelly voice sounded from behind her. "I haven't even had a chance to say hello." Hermione's chest rattled, hair standing on end from the memory of eyes on her naked body, a hand between her legs, a scratchy voice whispering filthy things into her ear. Draco held her in a punishing grip as they turned to face Antonin Dolohov, his black eyes focused on her. "Dolohov," Draco greeted in a stilted voice. "Back from Italy so soon?" "Just today." His gaze skated over her chest, her waist, her legs. "I'd heard you'd been letting her out of her cage. Had to come see for myself." There was a pounding in her blood, but she focused on holding her head high, meeting his eyes. "And now you've seen," Draco replied curtly. "If you'll excuse us—" "Not sharing her either, I've heard," Dolohov said, stepping so subtly to the left, blocking the narrow path around him. "What a shame that is." He took a small step forward, cocking his head. His eyes hadn't left her once. "With me, you would have been the Queen of Edinburgh, Mudblood. The grandest prize, presented and polished. You would have had your fill of pure-blood cock every Friday until you were overflowing with it." A chill passed along her shoulders, but she didn't move a muscle. Draco shifted, his shoulder passing into her sightline, putting himself in front of her. "Just to come home to your worthless half-blood prick?" Draco lilted, and she could hear the nasty smirk in his voice, so reminiscent of their school days. "I think she got the better deal, Antonin." Dolohov sneered and stepped into him, nose-to-nose. "Your daddy's not here, Malfoy. I'd be very careful what you say to me." "Oh, I have nothing to say to you at all. We have a binding agreement, Antonin," Draco said lowly. "Now kindly step away from me and my Lot. I'll only ask you once." "You've been keeping her locked away for far too long, Malfoy. Careful," he warned. "Or someone might figure out how to pick the lock." Draco's left arm was still twisted behind himself, squeezing her wrist so hard she knew it would bruise. He breathed a humorless laugh, and slapped Dolohov's upper arm. "Good to see you, Antonin. I'll give my father your regards." With a sharp tug, he pulled her around him, passing Dolohov on the right with a shove to his shoulder. Hermione didn't look back, only focused on putting one foot in front of the other. They moved into the chill of the courtyard, and she chanced a look to Draco's face — stony, impassive. She realized they were following the crowd traipsing down a winding pathway, weaving through centuries-old buildings. The resignation in his face grew, and he kept glancing over his shoulder. Draco was no longer looking for a quick exit. She felt a cold horror build in her chest as they walked into the crowd gathering at the base of the hill. A courtyard looking out over the horizon of Edinburgh filled with black hoods and girls shivering in flimsy slips. Hermione took in the crowd. There was more than just the revelers from the castle here. She spied a handful of shadows on top of the hill, prowling with canine movements, howling. At the edges of the crowd, smugglers and dealers from Edinburgh stalked, trying to entice the fringes of the masses into buying their wares. Draco walked her towards the middle to a cleared space. A pair of hooded figures shifted in front of her. Hermione's heart jumped in her throat. The strawberry-blonde stood at the front of the crowd, standing against the ledge overlooking the city. She gasped breathlessly, stunned into silence. Sound disappeared in a vacuum. The girl stood in a ragged slip, her hands magically bound in front of her. Her chin was lifted, and she was murmuring something, lips moving quickly. To her left, a boy with the same color of curls on top of his head stood shaking. He couldn't have been more than fifteen. Hermione thought of the note stuck between her skin and the gold collar. Had the girl been caught? Did someone know what she was doing with the collars? Hermione spun around — was someone coming for her as well? — and felt herself jerked backward by Draco's hand, squeezing her tightly in warning. Amycus Carrow stepped into view, and the cheering hit her in full force. Amycus smiled toothily and amplified his voice, greeting the crowd. "To the Dark Lord's power," he boomed. And the crowd responded, "May he reign forevermore." "A traitor to the Dark Lord's reign stands before you," Amycus hissed. "She and her brother — two Muggles"—the masses snarled—"find themselves ungrateful for everything we've given them here, at the center of the Dark Lord's power." The booing and spitting rang in her ears. Draco stood behind her, a hand still on her elbow. Hermione knew what was to come. The girl and her brother were standing at a firing squad. They were to be executed, here, in front of them all. Hermione searched the crowd for someone, anyone. Her knees buckled as she tried to turn about, and Draco's hand tightened on her again. Her eyes landed on Charlotte, still passing drinks around on a tray, smiling tightly. She watched as Charlotte glanced to the front, a stab of sadness in her eyes that couldn't be masked quickly enough. Hermione looked back to the strawberry-blonde as Charlotte gazed on her. The Scottish girl in the front of the crowd was staring directly at Hermione, an intensity electrifying the space between them. Hermione felt her heart splintering at the edges. "This Muggle filth," Carrow continued, "showed no appreciation for what we've given her. We allowed her and her brother into our world. Allowed them to serve us, as is their rightful place. And how does she repay us?" She held her breath, watching the strawberry-blonde flicker her gaze between Hermione and Charlotte. "By attacking one of her superiors!" Amycus bellowed, his spittle flying into the crowd. "By forgetting her natural place. Her brother — a filthy groundskeeper"—he paused for emphasis, and the crowd jeered—"was chosen to serve one of our guests. And this Muggle slut attacked the wizard that would have graciously bestowed his attention her brother!" Hermione inhaled sharply. This girl's sentencing had nothing to do with Ginny Weasley or assisting with a plot to murder the Dark Lord. The girl settled her gaze on her again, and Hermione's mouth dried, heartbeat quickening as her brain scrambled for a plan— "Champagne, Master Malfoy?" Charlotte stood in front of her, blocking the girl and her brother from view. Hermione blinked at her, mouth gaping open. "No, Charlotte," Draco clipped behind her. "Thank you." Charlotte turned her eyes on Hermione for the first time that evening. "Poor dear," she said in a motherly tone so out of place with her scarlet dress and cleavage. "You must be freezing." A hand against Hermione's cheek. "She's practically an icicle." Charlotte's hand drifted down her jaw, stretching to her collar. "You'll have to ask Master Malfoy nicely for a Warming Charm." She scratched the paper from under the metal, slipping against Hermione's skin like rough sand. "I'm sure you could convince him." Charlotte winked at her, but there was something fiery in it. A tension in her jaw that promised blood. And then she was gone, sauntering through the crowd, one hand fisted at her side. Hermione felt the world tilting on its axis, and it took her several long seconds to realize that Draco was steadying her lower back, pushing her upright. She barely registered the Warming Charm he cast over her. She stiffened and looked back to the Scottish girl and her brother, ears ringing. Amycus Carrow was recounting her sins, speaking in rousing tones about Muggle crimes befitting Muggle punishments. The strawberry-blonde turned to her sobbing brother, speaking quickly, too low to overhear. He nodded solemnly, his shiny eyes never leaving his sister's. They were Muggles. They had no business getting involved in any of this horror. And yet, this was the girl who'd grasped her hand under the table with glass digging into her knees. A girl who had risked everything to get Ginny's note to her. Just like she'd risked everything to protect her little brother. A noise to her left. Hermione glanced over to find a Silver Collar girl with silent tears trailing down her cheeks. A wild cheering brought her attention back to the front. A cannon wheeled forward. The One O'Clock Gun. Terror gripped her as the old war cannon spun slowly to face the two siblings. "No!" she choked, but it was too loud everywhere — inside her mind and out. A pair of hands on her waist. A firm chest against her shoulder blades. Amycus called out that they would prove how foolish it was for anyone, let alone a pair of filthy Muggles, to resist the Dark Lord's will. They would take the boy first, and let his sister watch. Hermione turned, heaving for air. A hooded Death Eater on her right turned to glare at her. The hands on her waist turned her back, forcing her to face ahead as they aimed the cannon. A sharp jaw pressed to her temple. Warm breath fanning across her cheekbones. "There is a lake with still waters," he whispered. "A mountain range surrounds it. The waters are deep with hidden secrets, but the water is still." She blinked, legs swaying, feeling her breathing even out as she let his words wash over her. His hands slipped around her stomach, pressing her close to him. They lit the cannon. And screamed and stomped while they counted down. "Think of your mind as a library. Shelves upon shelves of novels and journals and biographies," the voice lulled. "Find an empty shelf for this moment." An explosive boom, rocking the stones beneath her feet. Hermione watched with a slack jaw as the spot where the boy stood smoked and crumbled, his sister speckled with his blood. The cannon was reloaded. "An empty book in your hands. Its blank pages between your fingers. Write this moment into the book. Give it a title." The One O'Clock Gun, her mind supplied. "Fill the pages, and close the book." The cannon aimed at the strawberry-blonde. She shed tears slowly, mixing with her brother's blood and dripping pink down her neck. "Close the book, and push it into a corner. Lose it within the piles and piles of texts and novels." A book's pages fluttered shut in her mind. It locked. And she breathed deep, stretching to her tiptoes to push it onto a shelf that was just too tall for her to reach. She imagined a hand with long fingers helping her reach the top. A cannon was lit. There was a girl crying. A crowd cheered and counted the seconds. The girl tilted her head back to the sky and screamed. She disappeared in a spray of smoke and blood and rage. Hands around Hermione's waist, pulling her close. A sharp jaw cutting into her temple. Hands leading her backward, tugging her past the screaming fanatics and werewolves and other monsters. Pulling her to climb a cobblestone hill, moving into a courtyard, into a hall. She found herself stepping through a fireplace and into a bedroom with green curtains and neatly organized trinkets. She turned around, bookshelves swaying and buckling, and Draco Malfoy stood before her in his bedroom. His hands came to rest on her jaw, examining her eyes. "Look at me." She blinked, and they crashed to the ground. Free. Her senses were overwhelmed. Shivers over her skin, gasping breaths from her chest, a flood of tears down her cheeks. She sobbed, her hands clutching his elbows, keeping him close. And without knowing how, she pressed against his chest, her forehead pushing into his sternum. Her cries shook her body. He enclosed his arms around her back. A hole in her stomach the shape of a cannonball. Filled with grief and rage and despair. Draco didn't say a word, simply holding her. She pulled back when she'd finally exhausted herself, stepping away from him. She knew she was red and swollen and wet. But he looked down at her with a raw passion that she couldn't feel vulnerable. "They're going to pay for what they did," she vowed, her voice hollow and misshapen. His grey eyes stared down at her. He moved a curl behind her ear. And he nodded. . . Updates every other Sunday (Next update 12/15) Find me on Tumblr and Twitter under LovesBitca8. Join the Rights & Wrongs group on Facebook! TRIGGER DETAIL - A public execution takes place. The executed are killed by firing a cannon at them at close range.
