Welcome back, everyone! If you haven't caught up with the story so far, I suggest reading James Potter and the Auror of Hogwarts before starting this book. And if you REALLY haven't done your reading, the adventure begins with James Potter and the Sword of Gryffindor. I'm very excited for this new installment, so thank you for being so patient! P.S. This may look familiar for some of you, but I only released the first half of this chapter as a preview. Skip down or read the whole thing to refamiliarize yourself with the story! I've added a page break to make the new content easier to locate. The Room Behind the Flower Shop The wind whistled gently through the abandoned street, the dripping clouds hanging over Godric's Hollow like a drenched tent flap. Muggles and wizards alike were walking briskly through the town, intent on getting home before the dusk could settle into total darkness. Most of the neighborhood stores were empty, and a few shopkeepers poked their heads outside to stare at the misty sky. After a single drop of rain fell onto each of their noses, they stepped outside to collapse the overhead awnings. Crossing rapidly over the wet cobblestones, the pattering footsteps of the passersby signaled both the visible activity of the street and the invisible alike, for James Potter and Sirius Black were currently draped underneath the former's Invisibility Cloak as they rushed to the local flower shop. Both boys had grown several centimeters during the summer months, and the Cloak had gotten a little more cramped than before; however, if their pacing feet ever happened to slip out from the Cloak's cover, none of the other pedestrians took heed as they shielded their heads from the sprinkling rain. After a few minutes, James and Sirius reached the flower shop and ducked inside while a bell jingled above their heads, the premises empty save for a petite witch dressed in a pale pink kimono. Dozens of flower arrangements lined the walls, the flora as crisp as the moist air outside, and James fought back a sneeze as a dozen different pollens hit his nose at once. Hearing the boys' entrance, the witch looked up from behind the front desk and watched as James and Sirius pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, shivering as they adjusted to the warmth of the cozy building. "You should have waited until we went into the back," the witch admonished them in a high, monotone voice, taking a sip of the tea in her wrinkled hands. "No one's out at this hour," Sirius scoffed, shaking out the Cloak before handing it to James, who quickly pocketed it. "It's not like anyone's going to see us." Shrugging, the witch stood as James shook out his wild black hair and turned to her. "Is he here yet, Ms. Xu?" "He's looting my supplies in the back," Ms. Xu replied shortly, beginning an unhurried pace to the curtain separating the Muggle-friendly section of the store from the back room. After sharing a look, James and Sirius followed her behind the periwinkle curtain, soon spotting a squat, bandy-legged man where he was examining a green bottle that had once sat on one of the room's many shelves. Although Ms. Xu did not so much as open her mouth to reprimand him, the short wizard turned and disposed of the bottle so quickly that James wondered if he had ever in fact been holding it. The man had the lightest features of everyone in the room, his red hair distinctly brighter than the jet black heads of Ms. Xu and the boys, but nothing about his demeanor suggested friendliness. As with their last few meetings, James caught the distinct scent of tobacco and whiskey, which had been unnoticeable in the previous room's flowery aroma. "Ah, you're here!" the wizard wheezed as if he had not been expecting James and Sirius, and his brown eyes darted around the room. "You have the money, don't ya?" Reaching into their pockets without a word, James and Sirius each produced a handful of gold Galleons and dropped the coins into the wizard's waiting grasp. "There you are, Mr. Fletcher," James announced unsmilingly. "Oh, I've told you before to call me Mundungus," the short-legged man told him with a wave of his free hand, licking his lips as he fingered the gold. Breaking into a smile, he replaced the Galleons in his palm with a small, corked bottle and offered it to the boys. "Your death's-head hawkmoth chrysalis, as promised." After grabbing the bottle, James carefully pulled off the top and examined the delicate insect pupa inside. Next to him, Sirius frowned and faced Mundungus. "What about the Mandrake leaves?" "Well, the market's going through some hard times," Mundungus told him, shrugging with an upturned smile. "It's difficult to find rare specimens at a time like this." "Merlin's foot!" Sirius spat. "You should only get half of what we gave you!" "The other ingredients will come, lads!" Mundungus insisted, his eyes bulging slightly. "Just be patient, now!" "Sirius is right! You promised that you'd have the Mandrake leaves by now!" James agreed, putting the chrysalis aside. "I want our money back!" "Now, hold on!" Mundungus pleaded, raising his hands. "I'll get the rest to you in no time at all! Consider the money a down payment on the rest of the delivery." "Now, listen here, you old miser," Sirius growled, "you give us our money back, or we'll—" "Keep it out of the shop, lads," Ms. Xu interrupted, watching the exchange with her arms crossed. "If you don't give us our money back, we'll take you outside and square off there," Sirius corrected. "All right, all right, there's no need to grow nasty!" Mundungus sniveled, taking a few Galleons out of his pocket and returning them to the boys, who counted them carefully. "You're still not excused from the rest of the deal," James reminded Mundungus, narrowing his eyes. "I would assume not, as long as you still agree to my pay," he grumbled, and the boys glared at him until he looked away. "Well, miss," Mundungus addressed Ms. Xu, "is there anything I can interest you in today?" "If you still don't have anything better than a bag of eggplant seeds and a couple of Flobberworm caps, then you can stop thieving my shop," she told him, and he waddled towards the curtain with a small shrug. On his way out, Sirius grabbed Mundungus before he could jerk away, using their height difference to pull him close; even at fourteen, Sirius was a few centimeters taller than the grubby wizard. "How much longer, then?" Sirius hissed. "A month?" "At least two, Mr. Black!" Mundungus insisted with a voice like a greasy cog. "Give me until November, will you? Times are hard." Shoving him away, Sirius allowed Mundungus to slink through the curtain as Ms. Xu stared after him. "How can you stand him?" James demanded of the witch, gesturing towards the still-flapping fabric. "He's about the smarmiest fellow you can get!" "You need a few keen-eyed contacts to run a place like this," she replied, motioning towards the shelves packed to overflowing with herbs, assorted animal parts, and other potion ingredients. "Unfortunately, Mundungus happens to be one of the keenest. Now, what do you have there?" she inquired, leaning over while James gave her the hawkmoth chrysalis. After examining the specimen closely, she turned and stashed the bottle on a shelf behind her. "Unfortunately, this is only useful in the last stage of brewing the potion. You still need the Mandrake leaves to start the process." "Mundungus said that he should have them by November," James interjected. "If he does, we can start as soon as we come back for the holidays!" "Perhaps," Ms. Xu said with her usual amount of disinterest, though a smile tugged at the corner of her mouth when she saw James' excitement. "I'm sorry there's not any more I can do. Now make sure you get to your homes in time for dinner, or you'll be missed. We'll discuss my payment when you have all the ingredients." "Thanks, Ms. Xu!" James and Sirius answered on their way through the curtain, waving as Ms. Xu levitated a broom with a wave of her hand and made it dance across the floor. Pulling on the Invisibility Cloak, James and Sirius took their leave of the shop and scurried back down the street, retracing their footsteps over the glistening cobblestones. The sun had just disappeared beneath the shingled rooftops, and the rain now pattered on the empty roads in earnest. After a few minutes of walking, the boys reached a narrow alleyway entrance, and they ducked inside to rid themselves of the Invisibility Cloak. Now exposed to the precipitation, they assumed a quicker gait as they emerged from the alley, talking about a make-believe afternoon that they had spent in the local park. No one threw them a second glance as the sun's final rays peeked through the crowded buildings, exploding in an orange array amid the specks of rain falling to the earth. "Do you think that we'll be able to tell Remus soon?" James asked Sirius when the street had cleared out, leaving just the two of them walking alone. "I can't stand waiting." "It doesn't look like we'll be able to say anything until we've finished with the Mandrake leaves, at least," Sirius responded, kicking a stray rock and watching it bounce away. Shoving his hands into his pockets, he kicked at the rock again and sighed as it rocketed away. "Once we're nearly finished with the Animagus Potion, I think that it'll be safe to finally let him know." "Right," James agreed, smiling. "He can't stop us from becoming Animagi when we're nearly there, can he?" Laughing together, he and Sirius lowered the volume of their voices as a woman turned the corner and strode past them. Rummaging through his pockets with a frown, Sirius admitted, "I wish that old Mundungus didn't charge so much. I'm nearly drained of the money I stole from my parents." Grunting, James nodded as the rain continued to dot his glasses with transparent beads. He and Sirius had met Mundungus almost by chance when they had returned home from Hogwarts for the summer, and his partnership was as much as a curse as it was a blessing. Truthfully, it was Sirius who had met Mundgungus first; he had reportedly pried the stubby wizard out of a rubbish bin near 12 Grimmauld Place, from which Sirius had escaped after an argument with his mother. Sirius had not lasted more than a week at his house before contacting James and asking to spend the summer with the Potters, and the boys had run across Mundungus once again when they first visited Ms. Xu's apothecary in the hope of locating Mandrake leaves. By their second meeting, Sirius had surmised that Mundungus was some sort of an expert in the black market, untrustworthy though he may be, and he and James struck a deal with him in their desperation to find ingredients for the rare Animagus Potion, which would enable them to turn into animals at will. As of yet, the hawkmoth chrysalis was the only real benefit that Mundungus had provided for the boys, and James hoped that he would live up to his promise of securing the Mandrake leaves. Although James harbored no gratitude for Mundungus, Ms. Xu had proved a valuable partner in the boys' schemes, having an extensive knowledge of potion-brewing and a dislike for probing questions. Overall, despite his mistrust of Mundungus, James could not think of a better duo to keep his and Sirius' mission a secret, which was a necessity due to legal matters. He and Sirius had not even relayed their plan to their more ethically-minded friend at Hogwarts, whom they had uncovered as a werewolf two years ago and had prompted their attempt to become Animagi. After walking a few more blocks, James and Sirius opened the front door of Potter Cottage and slipped inside, shivering to rid their clothes of the raindrops. In just a few moments after they had shut the door, Winthrop the house-elf came waddling around the corner and nodded at the boys. "Not a pleasant evening for the park, Master James?" he asked, reaching up for the boys' outer coats as they pulled them off. "Too wet," James told him, gazing over the top of the house-elf's bushy white head. "Are my parents upstairs?" Frowning when Winthrop did not respond right away, James glanced down at the house-elf's pressed lips. "Winthrop?" he prodded again, and Winthrop looked up at him with a twitch of his ear. "Winthrop last saw them in the reading room," he answered as he turned away, but James recognized his averted eyes as an attempt to distract James from trouble. "Why are they in the reading room?" James prodded with a sly smile, and Winthrop shrugged. "Winthrop cannot say." "Cannot or will not?" James teased, and Winthrop glared at him. "Would Master like his supper or not?" he threatened. "Is it in the dining room?" Sirius interjected, brightening. "Yes, but it has gone cold in Master Black's and Master James' absence," Winthrop replied, turning away with their coats in hand. "Well, you can heat it up on the stove while we go find my parents," James told him, and he and Sirius began running up the stairs as Winthrop spun around. "Master James, wait a moment!" he called out, his voice jumping up even higher than its usual squeak, but the boys ignored him and raced around the corner at the top of the staircase. In just a few moments, James pushed open the door to the upstairs reading room, expecting to find his parents sitting together in the far corner. Unexpectedly, nothing moved at their entrance, and James soon saw that the room was empty save for the towering bookshelves and the heavy, forest-green carpet underneath his feet. "Aren't your parents in here?" Sirius asked, stepping into the room behind his friend, but James ignored him as he approached the two armchairs in the opposite corner. Spotting a copy of The Daily Prophet lying on one of the cushions, most likely left by his father, James picked it up and started to scan the front page. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, the most interesting headline announcing the recent slaughtering of the Lucky Leprechauns in the International Quidditch Tournament by the largely unskilled Banchory Bangers. However, as James flipped the newspaper to the other side, a small caption near the bottom of the page caught his eye, and he let out a gasp as his stomach twisted. Immediately jumping to his side, Sirius looked over his shoulder while James tried to wad up the newspaper, his head reeling. "What is it?" Sirius insisted, finally succeeding in wrenching the paper away from James. "Let me see!" "Wait, Sirius, don't—" James warned, but he stopped protesting as Sirius froze. "Seven Reported Werewolf Attacks Last Full Moon: Three Muggles Dead," Sirius read aloud slowly, lowering The Daily Prophet. Looking at James, he finished, "Death Eater Recruitment Suspected." His mouth dry, James did not have time to respond before a pair of thudding footsteps caused him to turn around, and he came face-to-face with his father just as he reached the doorframe and clutched it with one hand. Disheveled from his hurry, the wrinkled wizard rubbed his sweat-beaded scalp and gaped at the boys. "I didn't know you had gotten back!" he breathed, his sides moving with the effort of his lungs. "Have you eaten yet?" Still unable to speak, James and Sirius only shook their heads as James' father attempted to catch his breath, supporting his weight on the doorframe. He was wearing a stain-marked apron, which only served to make his exhausted appearance even more comical as he continued to gasp for air. "Your food should be waiting downstairs. Didn't Winthrop tell you—" Breaking off, he recovered almost at once from his run and stepped into the room, staring at the two boys. "Is something the matter? You both look a little pale." As James and Sirius shared a quick glance, James wrested the newspaper from his friend's hand and shook it out to reveal the article of interest. "What's this?" he asked, and his father took the newspaper in turn to squint at the headline. "Ah, yes," he replied, rapping The Daily Prophet with his finger. Pursing his lips, he frowned at the boys. "I'm sorry to have left this lying around. I didn't mean to give you a scare." "This can't be right!" James protested, pointing at the newspaper. "Lord Voldemort can't be recruiting werewolves!" Seeming to mistake James' bewilderment for fear, his father tossed The Daily Prophet on the armchair and raised his hands to the boys' shoulders. "I know what you're feeling right now. This is frightening news, but you've got to remember that these incidents are often preventable with proper precautions. Most often, people are simply in the wrong place at the wrong time, and all these reports came far from Godric's Hollow. You shouldn't have to worry." After sharing a glance with Sirius, James stared down at the floor and balled up his fists. He could not refute his father for fear of giving away Remus' secret, but he knew that the reporters for The Daily Prophet had to be messing up the facts. Although he had thought ill of werewolves in the past, James had changed his misconceptions after learning that Remus bore none of the bloodthirsty qualities normally attributed to his kind. Unluckily, Sirius seemed to have less prudence than James, and he objected, "What if it was just a coincidence? Don't werewolves lose control of themselves on the full moon?" "Well, I suppose it could have been," James' father relented, stroking his chin, "but the odds of seven attacks in one night doesn't look too good, especially when months or even years can go by without a werewolf-related incident. They've been cropping up in droves recently, and nearly all of the attacks seem to involve Muggles or half-blood families." Scratching the back of his neck, he threw a glance at the newspaper lying on the armchair. "Personally, I wouldn't be too surprised if the werewolves made a deal with the Death Eaters, especially since the Ministry doesn't favor their kind. They'll likely have a few grievances that they'd love to settle, and they probably see joining You-Know-Who's army as the easiest way to retaliate. It's unfortunate, really." Biting back another objection, James kept quiet as his father smiled ruefully and rubbed his son's hair out of place. "Anyway, I think it's about time that you got your supper. Winthrop was threatening to throw your plates out if you didn't get back before the sun went down, and I think it's far past then." As he led the boys to the door, James slowly ambled out of the reading room while Sirius ran ahead, apparently invigorated by the mention of food. Glancing up at his father again, James gestured towards the bridge of his nose. "You have grease on your face," he told him, and James' father quickly reached up to rub his nose. "Ah! So I do! Thank you, James," he answered before giving a harried glance in the direction where Sirius had run off. Lowering his voice, he whispered, "To be completely honest, I was a bit panicked when you and Sirius came back so unexpectedly. I bought an old motorbike from a lovely Muggle couple who live down the street, and I was planning to give it to Sirius when you come home for Christmas." "That's a fantastic idea!" James encouraged. "He'll love it!" "I heard how he loves Muggle Studies, and I couldn't turn down the bike when I saw a sign on the neighbors' lawn," James' father replied, rubbing his hands on his apron again. "Of course, it's going to need a bit more fixing before it's ready. I only just managed to hide it in the back shed when Winthrop came to get me." "I'll make sure that Sirius doesn't find it before we go to Hogwarts," James promised before waving his father goodbye and thudding down the stairs. Upon reaching the dining room, James slipped into a chair next to Sirius, who had already taken several mouthfuls of his roast. Drumming his fingers on the table, James stared at the far wall for a moment and ignored the food sitting in front of him. "The Ministry has to be getting it wrong!" he finally said aloud. "The werewolves can't be working for Lord Voldemort! You know Remus! He'd never do anything like that!" Swallowing a bite far too big for his mouth, Sirius licked his lips before turning to James. "I'm not sure what to think . . . I know that Remus would never do something like that, but are you sure about the rest of them?" When James whipped around to glare at him, he raised his hands and continued, "I mean, your dad has a point—we probably have scary stories about werewolves for a reason. And just how many werewolf attacks are bound to happen at once?" "Well, The Daily Prophet was wrong," James repeated, crossing his arms. "Werewolves aren't evil. You know that as well as me! They can't help themselves on the full moon—you said so yourself!" Looking away, Sirius made a motion somewhat like a shrug and took another mouthful of food. "Sure, but they shouldn't have been outside, anyway," he spoke, his voice muffled. "I'm sure it was just an accident," James asserted. "They're not part of the Death Eaters." "But your dad doesn't know that," Sirius pointed out, stabbing his plate with his fork. "So unless you want to raise a lot of uncomfortable questions, I suggest that we don't bring it up again." "All right," James agreed, sighing. "I just wish someone was on our side." After a moment, he snapped his fingers and nodded. "Peter'll get it. It's just too bad that he isn't the editor for The Daily Prophet." "I'm not sure it would matter if he was," Sirius commented. "My father works at the Ministry, and I've seen his name mentioned in The Daily Prophet loads of times. The strange thing is, he shouldn't have even been involved in half of the things that he gets interviewed for, but I know that he'd blow me off if I ask about it. My guess is, the Ministry is more involved with The Daily Prophet than they'd care to admit." "But The Daily Prophet isn't printed at the Ministry of Magic, is it?" "No, but the Ministry is still the biggest wizarding powerhouse in England," Sirius pointed out. "And Jenkins isn't the most open-minded Minister we've ever had, if you take what we learned about her two years ago as an example. She even tried to recruit Dumbledore to bootlick with her, remember? I bet that she keeps a tight grip on what the publications say." "You might be right," James admitted, frowning down at the table again. "I just hope that Remus isn't getting down about it. Knowing him, he'll be taking it pretty hard." Nodding, Sirius played with his fork before turning to his friend. "We shouldn't mention it if he doesn't bring it up. Maybe he hasn't read about the attacks." "Maybe," James echoed, turning to his food before Winthrop could enter and whisk it away. He hoped that Mr. and Mrs. Lupin had kept Remus from any newspapers throughout the summer, but he said nothing to Sirius as they ate in silence.
Trouble on the Train In a deceptively short-seeming time, the summer drew to a close, and James and Sirius began preparing their suitcases for the journey to Hogwarts. James' mother took them both to Diagon Alley to purchase new school supplies, and the boys spent most of their time browsing Flourish and Blott's and the other, more obscure bookstores on the street, searching for books that could help them on the quest to become Animagi. Most of the information that they needed had already been given to them by Valerie Cleary, their latest Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, in the form of the comprehensive guide Animagi in the Making, but they were always on the lookout for more details about Self-Transfiguration. After purchasing Transfiguration Explained without the knowledge of James' mother, they threw the book into Sirius' suitcase to look over once they had reunited with Peter at school. When the Potters left their house with Sirius at the start-of-term, the two boys glanced at Ms. Xu's flower shop on the way past. As usual, the store appeared devoid of customers, and James did not spot Ms. Xu through any of the windows before he had to crane his neck backwards. Emitting a sigh, he shared a glance with Sirius, who shrugged. By the time they made it to London via the Muggle Underground, James' screech owl had taken to hooting every few moments, ruffled by the noisy journey. Walking to King's Cross Station as quickly as they could to avoid the sideways looks of passing Muggles, the small group passed through the metal wall to Platform Nine and Three-Quarters without drawing any more unwanted attention, and they waited on the platform for Remus' and Peter's families to meet them. After spending several minutes in conversation amid the rolling smoke of the Hogwarts Express, James pointed out the forms of Mr. and Mrs. Lupin approaching from farther down the station, Remus leading them. Smiling, James' parents shook hands with the Lupins as Remus hugged his friends. "It's great to see you again!" he exclaimed after breaking free. "I've been looking forward to this for weeks!" "Have we got stories to tell you!" James told him. "Sirius almost burnt his own pants off a few days ago when my mum was making supper, and I had to splash water on his—" "That's absolute rubbish, don't listen to him," Sirius interjected, shoving James (and his glasses) out of place. "It was James who nearly cracked his skull open during a small Quidditch scrimmage! I think he's lost his touch over the summer—I don't know if the Gryffindor team will take him back this year." "What are you on about?" James inquired. "I don't remember being remotely injured!" "Well, you wouldn't if you blacked out," Sirius responded, making Remus laugh. "I never thought that I'd say this, but I've missed you," Remus said after James gasped and placed his hand over his heart in mock offense. "James, Sirius, it's great to see you again!" Mr. Lupin interrupted their reunion, beaming. "You didn't grow too bored over the summer, did you?" "No, sir," they answered together, each throwing the other a brief glower as Mrs. Lupin turned their way, her hair bouncing. "Were you talking about Quidditch just now?" she prodded. "I've only ever seen pictures of players in those wonderful moving photographs, but I've always wanted to see a game in action! Do you play?" "Yeah," James answered, puffing out his chest. "I'm a Chaser!" "What's it like?" she burst before catching herself. "Flying on a broomstick, that is. I can barely manage one in the kitchen, and I can't imagine trusting my weight to one of them." "It's easy, really," James told her. "Of course, it helps with the kind of model you have. Mine's an Airwake!" When Mrs. Lupin did not react, James looked back and forth between her and Mr. Lupin as Remus stifled a laugh. "An Airwake?" Mr. Lupin repeated, raising an eyebrow. "Why, that ought to fly like a dream!" "It's like riding a cloud," James replied, recovering his excitement with a grin. Mr. Lupin opened his mouth to reply, but he was stopped by the sudden appearance of Sirius' family just to the right. Halting at the sight of Sirius and the Potters, Mr. and Mrs. Black stood behind Regulus, their youngest son, whose black-haired head stood a few centimeters below his brother's. The Blacks all had the same dark complexion, and at the moment, they all shared the look of someone who was being forced to deal with an unruly horde of pixies. "Ah, Orion! Walburga! You have perfect timing!" James' father greeted the Blacks. "The boys were just about to board!" Harrumphing, Sirius began to pull his friends away until James' mother spoke and stopped him. "Have you met Lyall and Hope?" she asked the Blacks. "Their son is a good friend of Sirius'." Staying put, James, Sirius, and Remus watched Mr. and Mrs. Black as they eyed the Lupins up and down. Dressed in impeccably-suited robes, they curled their lips at the sight of the Lupins' Muggle attire, and Mrs. Black turned up her nose as if having caught wind of a Dungbomb. "How do you do," Mr. Black finally said, failing to extend his hand. Hardening their jaws, Remus' parents merely nodded back. Noticing the tension, James' father quickly tried to recover the situation by turning to the boys. "You'd better run along," he told them. "The train will be leaving soon." Turning to leave the situation, they had taken no more than three steps when Mrs. Black's loud voice cut through the air like a Severing Charm. "They're not Muggles, are they?" As Remus froze beside him, James spun around to witness the Blacks and Lupins staring each other down. Gaping, James' parents did not have time to react before Mr. Lupin bared his teeth. "I am a wizard," he told the Blacks with the sort of slowness that comes before an animal's pounce, "and my wife is non-magical." At this, Mr. and Mrs. Black recoiled even more, but Mr. Lupin held their gazes unflinchingly. Reaching up to grab his arm, Mrs. Lupin tried to get him to step away, but he did not move, and Regulus kept his eyes trained on his parents for their response. "You would turn on your heritage like that?" Mrs. Black huffed, and the hair stood up on Mr. Lupin's head. "Marrying a Muggle is not traitorous!" "I guess that depends where you're coming from," Mr. Black sneered, eyeing the Lupins' clothing once again. "What do you mean by that?" Mr. Lupin barked, clenching his fists. Neither one of the Blacks answered him, and a few tense moments passed until Sirius' mother finally straightened and snapped out a command. "Regulus, Sirius, come along!" she nearly yelled over the bustling station. "You can't be late!" Having only completed a half-turn, she quickly spun back around when she realized that Sirius was not following her. "Sirius! What did I just tell you?" "I'm getting on the train with my mates," Sirius told her, folding his arms as he remained rooted in place. "Your mates?" she hissed back, making no attempt to lower her voice. "Sirius, we don't associate with blood traitors!" Flushing a deep scarlet, Remus looked down while his mother barely managed to keep Mr. Lupin from jumping forward. Sirius' glare only intensified, and James, expecting Mrs. Black to shout another retort, started when his mother crossed her arms and beat everyone to a response. "Blood traitors? Are your opinions really that outdated?" she asked Mrs. Black, making everyone turn towards her. "The Lupins are a respectable family, Walburga—much more, in fact, than yours seems to be." As Mrs. Black's jaw dropped, James' mother quickly turned to Sirius with a gentle smile. "Excepting you, dear, of course. I meant no offense." Taking a big gulp of air, Mrs. Black prepared to snap back at her until James' father cut her off. "I'm afraid that I have to agree with Euphemia on this one," he told the Blacks evenly, the towering heights of Sirius' parents making him look like a Puffskein staring down two mountain trolls. "Now, if you don't mind, I should really ask you to leave before this escalates." Glaring at him, Mrs. Black curled her lip and gestured for Sirius. "Come here now, Sirius. I don't want you around either of these families again." "I'm not leaving, Mum!" Sirius answered, still standing immobile. "Sirius, you will do as she says!" Mr. Black snarled, but Sirius lifted his chin. "I'm not leaving!" he repeated, and James' father spoke again before his parents could retaliate. "I don't think I've ever met anyone quite as stubborn as Sirius, and I doubt that you're going to make him comply. Besides, he's old enough to make his own decisions." Grinding her teeth, Mrs. Black whirled on James' father with her black eyes ablaze. "Don't pretend to know anything about my son!" "There's no need for them to leave. We'll do it ourselves," Mr. Lupin interjected, grabbing Remus' hand and pulling him away. "We shouldn't have to waste any more time." "No, don't go!" James called out before the Lupins could storm off, running after them. "We'll come, too!" Promptly joined by Sirius, James threw one last glance over his shoulder as Mrs. Black bristled. "Get back here this instant, Sirius!" she yelled, but they broke into a jog to catch up with the Lupins, leaving James' parents standing alone with the Blacks. Hurrying along at a near-run beside Remus, James threw occasional glances at his friend, but he kept his eyes averted as Mr. Lupin tugged him along. Finally, the small party came to a stop near one of the train's back cars, and Mr. Lupin pulled his son in front of him to say goodbye. "Are you able to get on from here?" Nodding, Remus did not look up, and Mrs. Lupin threw her husband a pleading look. Giving his best smile, Mr. Lupin patted Remus' shoulder before pushing him on his way. "We'll see you at Christmastime, all right?" "Have a great first day, boys!" Mrs. Lupin told James and Sirius before she and her husband vanished farther down the platform. After waving awkwardly, James and Sirius turned towards the Hogwarts Express with Remus in silence. When they started to pull their suitcases onto the train, James finally cleared his throat and faced Remus. "So, how was your summer?" "Oh, it was fine enough," he answered, shrugging. "We changed neighborhoods once or twice, but it couldn't be helped. What did you do?" "Eh, nothing much," James replied, not wanting to mention that most of his and Sirius' break had been occupied by Animagus-related research. "Are you ready for classes to start?" "As much as I can be, I suppose," Remus responded as he waited for Sirius to board the train in front of him. "Do you think that we should look for Peter? The whistle's going to blow any minute." "Call me a Seer, but I don't think that's going to be a problem," Sirius spoke up from inside the train, peering down the hallway. Beckoning to the others, he added, "I think that you'd better come with me." Frowning, James leapt after Sirius while Remus climbed up behind them, and he soon spotted three of his least favorite people just a few compartments away. Cackling with his fellow Slytherins Mulciber and Avery, Sebastian Wilkes was standing over Peter's fallen form with the heel of his boot pressing against Peter's suitcase. Breaking into a run, James rushed towards the scene and pulled out his wand for good measure, brandishing it as his friends followed closely behind. "Oh, look who's here: it's Potter the Pig-Headed and his group of misfits come to rescue their mate!" Wilkes announced when he caught sight of them, and he smirked at his Housemates with a turn of his blond head. "This day just keeps on getting better and better, doesn't it?" "If you had any amount of intelligence in that thick skull of yours, you'd be running away by now," James retorted, sliding to a halt just a few paces away. "Let our mate up, or we'll make you wish that you had!" Turning his head at the sound of James' voice, Peter looked up at him from the floor, breathing a sigh of relief as his curly hair flopped over his eyes. "James! You found me!" "Shut up, Pettigrew!" Mulciber commanded, giving Peter's leg a sharp kick with his massive foot and silencing him. "Should we find a prefect?" Remus asked James from behind, wiping his forehead after having dragged his suitcase all the way after his friends. "It'll probably be easier than starting a fight in the middle of the hallway." "And what? Have them let Wilkes get off with a harsh word and the loss of a few House points?" James snapped over his shoulder. "I don't think so!" Glaring back at the Slytherins, he demanded, "Back away slowly, or we'll blow you out of the train before you can blink!" "Do you honestly think that we're going to do as you say?" Wilkes snorted. "You're not nearly as important as you seem to think you are." Reaching down, Wilkes flicked open the suitcase at his feet and pulled out one of Peter's silk nightshirts while James and Sirius raised their wands. Turning over the salmon-colored fabric, Wilkes wrinkled his nose as he ignored the threatening wands pointed his way. "Who even wears these anymore?" he scoffed, peering through the shirt's neck opening to the other side. "It's like you raided your mum's panty drawer!" "Put it down!" James commanded, and Wilkes tossed the shirt to Avery. "Go ahead, Conway," he told him, and Avery ripped the nightshirt in half with a grin under his beak-like nose. Snarling, James and Sirius each took a step forward, but Wilkes looked over their shoulders with a smile and said, "I think that we've stalled for long enough. Now, Severus!" "Look out, James!" Peter called out as all three of his friends turned around, but it was too late. Stepping out of a nearby compartment, Severus Snape blasted James' and Sirius' wands out of their hands and sent them and Remus flying into the wall with just two flicks of his wand. "Expelliarmus! Adfigo Murus!" the greasy-haired boy cried, and James felt the train's wall adhere to him as his back slammed against it. No matter how hard he struggled, he could only move a few centimeters in any direction before the wall sucked him back into place, pinning him down. Eventually, he had to admit defeat, and he glared at Snape as the greasy-headed boy paced in front of his prey with a smirk. "Way to stick it to them, Severus!" Avery praised, and James felt the train begin to chug forward as the whistle blew, signaling their departure. Fighting against the unyielding wall, Sirius clenched his teeth as the Slytherins stepped in front of them. "You're going to regret this!" he growled, but Wilkes only laughed as he continued to struggle. "It looks like Lupin left his suitcase lying around, too!" he pointed out, stalking towards the abandoned case where it sat on the floor. "Let's see what sort of clothes he wears to bed!" Next to James, Remus's eyes widened. "No, don't open that!" "Hiding something, Lupin?" Wilkes provoked over his shoulder as he reached down to unlatch the suitcase. "No, you don't understand!" Remus insisted. "You really shouldn't—" Ignoring him, Wilkes lifted the lid only to jump back as a ball of gray fur came barreling out of the suitcase, yowling as it leapt at his face. Remus' cat had grown almost twice as large since the last time that James had seen it, and Wilkes only narrowly avoided the slash that the mottled feline aimed at his nose by leaping backwards into Mulciber. Taking off as soon as it hit the ground, the cat was briefly chased by spells shot off by Snape and Avery until finally stopping at the end of the hallway, quivering in place. "Now look what you've done!" Remus admonished Wilkes, shaking his head as he stared after his pet. "It took forever to get Mussmug in there!" Snarling, Wilkes regained his balance by shoving off of Mulciber. "You rotten little prat, you could have told me!" "Listening really doesn't seem to be your strongest quality," Remus muttered under his breath, but Wilkes overheard and bristled. "You'll pay for that, Lupin!" he spat, pulling out his wand and marching up to the three Gryffindors stuck on the wall. "Severus, watch Pettigrew and make sure that he doesn't get away! Nigel, you get the mongrel!" Obeying swiftly, Snape moved over to Peter and blocked his path to the other end of the hallway, guarding him with his wand at his chest. Although slower to comply after Mussmug's attack, Mulciber nevertheless took out his wand and stomped towards the cowering feline while Wilkes continued glaring at James and the others on the wall. "Hurry up, Nigel! Stun it and bring it over here!" Grunting with a nod, Mulciber lowered his wand at Mussmug and held it steady. "Petrificus Totalus!" he said, but Mussmug sprang aside as a white light blasted from the Slytherin's wand-tip, hissing as she continued to shake. Scowling, Mulciber repeated the spell, but Mussmug dashed between his legs and sprinted for the other end of the hallway. Before she could slip past, Avery caught the back of her frazzled neck before she and held her at a safe distance from his body as she spat and clawed the air. "Throw it off of the train," Wilkes commanded, raising his wand to keep James, Sirius, and Remus motionless as Avery began walking towards the nearest window. However, before Avery could lift the glass pane, Frank Longbottom suddenly stepped into the hallway with Dill Stewart at his side. Relaxing slightly, James watched as Frank stopped in front of the Slytherins and scowled. "Hold it right there, Avery," Frank announced, narrowing his eyes beneath his wildly curly brown hair. "I don't seem to recall you owning a cat." "What's it to you, Longbottom?" Avery sneered, and Frank turned his glare towards Wilkes. "What are you doing with my mates on the wall?" he demanded, and the Slytherins shared glances. "None of your business," Wilkes answered in a clipped tone, eyeing Frank and Dill up and down. Despite the circumstances, Dill smiled. "I'd let them down if I were you." "And who's going to make me?" Wilkes mocked. "Oh, let's not be daft," Dill replied, grinning as if attending a Sunday picnic. "You seem to be forgetting one very important thing." "And what's that?" Snape spoke up, narrowing his black eyes. "It's our fifth year now," Dill told him simply. "You know what that means." Confused, the Slytherins exchanged glances while Dill crossed his arms with a beam. "Chances are that one of us is now a prefect." Freezing, the Slytherins watched as Frank tapped a shining badge on his chest that James had yet failed to notice. "That's right, and you four just earned an evening of detention." "You can't do that!" Wilkes exclaimed as the others cried objections. "We aren't even at Hogwarts yet!" "Even so, I don't think that Professor Slughorn will be too happy to hear you were causing trouble on the journey," Frank replied. "Now give me the cat, Avery, or I'll see if I can make it two evenings." Grimacing, Avery dropped Mussmug into Frank's arms while Dill grinned down at Snape, who was at least a head shorter than him. "Your wand away, if you please. It might accidentally go off and catch Peter in the face." Glaring at him, Snape pocketed his wand, and Dill stepped forward to tap the train's wall with his own. Instantly, James felt himself unstick from the wall, and he, Sirius, and Remus dropped free. Scratching Mussmug between the ears to calm her, Frank nodded towards the far door. "Detention tonight. Don't forget," he told the Slytherins, who slowly ambled off with matching scowls. As they passed the newly-freed Gryffindors, James grinned at Remus. "Maybe next time we really should find a prefect!" he said while Sirius turned a snarl on the Slytherins. "We'll finish this later!" he spat, and Snape glared at him before slinking after the others. Scrambling up from the floor with the help of Dill, Peter teetered to his feet and beamed at Frank. "Thanks for the help!" he told him. "I don't know what would've happened if you hadn't come!" "A prefect now, eh?" James asked, studying the gleaming emblem on Frank's robes. "It sure feels nice to have friends in high places!" "In all honesty, I'm not sure if I can convince Slughorn to go through with the detention, but he's a pretty fair bloke most of the time," Frank answered, shrugging with a smile. "At the very least, being a prefect will help with situations like these." Glancing at the floor, he asked, "Is your suitcase supposed to be open, Peter?" Shaking his head, Peter bent down and picked up his torn shirt with a sigh. "This really was my mum's," he moaned. "I must have packed it by accident." "No problem, I can ask our roommate Frederick to fix it!" Dill announced, taking the nightshirt from Peter and tossing it over one shoulder. "He's great with a wand." Grinning over at Frank, he asked, "Are you going to keep holding that all day, or what?" Starting, Frank glanced down at his arms as Mussmug let out a raucous snore, fast asleep in his grasp. Holding his arms out, he offered the pile of dirty fur to James and his friends. "Er, which one of you does this belong to?" "You can put her in here," Remus told him with a smile and a half-shrug, dragging his suitcase forward so that Frank could place Mussmug inside. "Are you sure it's safe?" James inquired as Remus locked his suitcase gingerly, trying not wake the sleeping feline. "She wasn't cooperating with her cage this morning," Remus replied, itching the back of his neck. "This was the only way I could think of taking her with me." "Let's go find a compartment that can fit all of us," Frank piped up. "I was looking forward to a relaxing train ride, and Wilkes and his cohorts aren't going to ruin it for me." Voicing their agreement, the others located an empty compartment and stayed together for the length of the journey, catching up and trading laughs until the Honeydukes Express stopped by. After filling their pockets with jumping, dancing, shrinking, yodeling, and exploding candies, the boys snacked until they finally reached Hogsmeade Station later that evening. All six of them journeyed to the Hogwarts castle in the horseless carriages waiting for the returning students, and James grinned at the sight of the familiar double doors leading into the Entrance Hall as he passed between them. Walking ahead of him, his roommates headed into the Great Hall with Frank and Dill, sitting down at the Gryffindor table while the other students filed in. Thousands of stars shined from the ceiling, magically representing the night sky outside, and James nudged Sirius before pointing towards the High Table at Professor Slughorn. The golden-mustached wizard looked as if he had put on a few pounds over the summer, and he was chuckling with the much shorter Filius Flitwick, the Ravenclaw Head of House. Leaning over, Headmaster Dumbledore added a few words to their conversation, making both Slughorn and Flitwick laugh as they waited for the feast to begin. After another minute or so, the Great Hall quieted as the first-years entered and took turns being placed into their Houses by the Sorting Hat, a tattered, pointed hat that had a tear on its brim like a mouth. Having sat through the ceremony in years before, James ignored most of it while he chatted with his friends, but he and Sirius looked up and laughed when an especially small student tripped on the way up to the Sorting Hat. Pausing mid-sentence, the tight-lipped Deputy Headmistress, Professor McGonagall, narrowed her eyes and gave him a cold stare down her spectacled nose as he recovered. "Diggle, Dedalus," she finished, and the tiny student beamed up at her before donning the Sorting Hat. To the amusement of James, the Sorting Hat soon let the name "Gryffindor" ring around the Great Hall, and he and Sirius both whooped loudly as Diggle sauntered towards their table. After the queue of first-years had finally dispersed, hundreds of platters filled the tables, and Diggle let out a strangled sort of delighted yelp before everyone began to eat ravenously. For the better part of an hour, James and his friends filled their stomachs with the best cuisine that Hogwarts had to offer, including mounds of scalloped potatoes, juicy slices of veal, and countless sugary snacks that doubled as decorations. Finally, after James' midriff ached from over-consumption, Dumbledore stood up from the High Table, his half-moon spectacles reflecting the faux starlight back at the students and concealing his eyes. Unable to read his expression, James simply rested with his chin in his hand as he listened to the Headmaster's annual address. "Welcome to Hogwarts for the beginning of another school year! Before you all head off to the long-awaited warmth of your beds, I must ask you to welcome our two newest members of staff: Septima Vector, who will be taking over the Arithmancy position, and Perdix Aven, the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor!" Clapping with the rest of the Great Hall, James watched as a witch and wizard stood from the High Table and waved to the students. Professor Vector looked rather severe despite her youth, her tight jaw reminiscent of McGonagall's; however, unlike the Transfiguration professor, she allowed her thin black hair to travel all the way down to her waist. Standing beside her, Professor Aven wore his hair in a short ponytail, and he sported a pair of thinly-rimmed spectacles. Frowning, James squinted as he spotted a thin object that seemed to be stuck to the wizard's head, and as Professor Aven made to sit down again, James realized that he had a pencil inserted over one ear. Mildly impressed, James briefly wondered if he had used a Sticking Charm to keep it in place before Dumbledore gestured for attention again. Glancing down at his pocket, James pulled out his wand and placed it over his ear, releasing his hands slowly as Sirius turned to stare at him. To James' delight, his wand stayed in place. "What are you doing?" Sirius asked. "It stays!" James exclaimed with a grin, pointing at his ear, and Sirius shook his head as he turned back to Dumbledore, who had started speaking again. ". . . which Argus Filch will explain to anyone who still has questions. Now, you are all excused to your dormitories, and the first-years can refer to the prefects for directions after everything is finished." Raising his finger, Diggle objected in a squeaky voice, "But who are our pre—" Before he could finish, the other students in the Great Hall rose from their seats, the quiet chatter of the room soon escalating into a dull roar as everyone began to file towards the double doors. Looking to the side, James laughed as he spotted Sirius drop his wand at the sudden commotion, having been caught with it halfway to his ear. Frank began to gather Diggle and the other first-years, and James grouped with his roommates on the way out of the Great Hall.
Trapped in Thought In the morning, James gathered in the Great Hall with his roommates before their first class of the day. Having little time for chatter, they only paused long enough to read a short letter that a tawny owl dropped onto James' plate early in the meal, which explained what had happened after they left the Blacks on Platform Nine and Three-Quarters. According to James' parents, Mrs. Black had left the Potters with one last scathing remark before marching off with Regulus and her husband, but James' father described her manner as "cornered and cowed;" whether accurate or not, the portrayal brought a smile to Sirius' face before the boys left the Great Hall. On their way to class, James and his roommates met Frank in the corridor and waited for him to fill them in. "I spoke with Professor Slughorn about the incident on the train last night, and he had a talk with Wilkes' gang. I think that they're staying after classes today to clean up the dungeons a little." After exchanging grins, James, Sirius, and Peter waved goodbye to Remus, who headed down an adjoining hall to Study of Ancient Runes. As the others walked towards the Muggle Studies classroom, James shared a nod with Sirius, and they pulled Peter into an abandoned classroom and shoved the door shut. "Hey, what's going on?" Peter demanded. "Have you been practicing Transfiguration over the summer?" James interrogated him, and Peter flushed as he understood the reason for his roommates' sudden need for privacy. Glancing between his feet, he scuffed the ground with his toe. "Kind of . . ." "Kind of?" Sirius repeated, and Peter glared at him defiantly. "I've been reading plenty about it!" he defended. "I just haven't been able to practice, is all. We aren't allowed to use magic outside of school until we're seventeen, you know." "Did you try nicking your mum's wand?" James asked. "The Ministry won't be able to trace hers." "She'd kill me if she suspected that I was using her wand!" Peter objected. "I've been lucky enough about the reading. I told my mum that I was studying extra hard for Transfiguration, and she was pleased enough that she didn't think to look at the book titles in detail." "Then offer to keep the fire going under the pot while she's making supper," James suggested. "It works every time." "My mum insists on me using magic as little as possible over the summer," Peter mumbled, glancing at his feet. "She says it improves character. Besides, even if she did allow me to use her wand, you know that I'm not as clever with spells as you are." "That's no excuse not to keep up!" Sirius admonished him. "You need to keep practicing, especially now that we're almost done with the Animagus Potion!" "You've almost finished it?" Peter asked, his mouth falling open. "We might be able to start brewing by Christmas," Sirius answered. "Christmas? Then that's still months away!" Peter sighed in relief, holding his chest. "It'll be here before you know it," James told him, "and we need to be ready. Animagi in the Making doesn't explain what could happen if your body isn't used to Self-Transfiguration by the time you take the potion, and you don't want to be the first person to find out." Gulping, Peter allowed Sirius to shove The Home Lives and Social Habits of British Muggles into his arms. "Here, I wrote down a few more spells in the first chapter. Remus will never think of looking in a textbook for a class he doesn't even take!" Accepting the book with a grimace, Peter shuffled after the others as they exited the classroom and continued up a nearby flight of stairs. Once the boys had reached their destination, Professor Merryweather called the class to order and began her lecture, though James and his friends paid little attention as they perused Sirius' notes on Self-Transfiguration. Because it looked like the three of them were studying the class textbook, Professor Merryweather only thought to interrupt them once. "So Squibs are different from Muggles in that they are non-magical people born into wizarding families. They're thought of as the antithesis of Muggle-borns, and although the British Ministry does not require them to live apart from wizarding society, Squibs have often faced distrust from the magical communi—Potter! Black! Pettigrew! Stop snickering at the illustrations and pay attention! I'll separate you!" Excluding the one incident, the lesson passed rather quietly, and the Gryffindors soon left for the Hogwarts grounds, where Professor Sprout would be teaching Herbology in the greenhouses. Joining the Hufflepuff students in their year, James, Sirius, and Peter entered the third greenhouse and found that Remus had not yet arrived. Marion Norfolk, one of the Hufflepuff fifth-years from the previous class, was conversing with Professor Sprout in the front, and most of the other students were fighting yawns as they waited for the lesson to commence. Stopping a few paces inside, James stared at the owl-sized plants settled on the tables inside the greenhouse, their bulbous heads waving back and forth on top of thin stems. If they had not been moving so listlessly, James might have thought them partially sentient. "Black, you're blocking the doorway," a voice complained, cutting into his thoughts, and James turned around to see Lily Evans attempting to squeeze around Sirius with her friends Alice Newshod and Hillary Vance. Making no effort to move aside, Sirius crossed his arms and announced, "There's a fee to get in, Evans. One Galleon and a quick peck on the cheek." Rolling her eyes as Hillary fought back a giggle, Lily shoved him away so as to step inside. "Har, har. You seem to be forgetting that we aren't all as well-off as you." "Nor anywhere near as attractive, unfortunately," Sirius replied after regaining his footing. "It's my cross to bear." Passing him, Hillary slapped her hand to her mouth to prevent another laugh from escaping. "Have you heard the good news, Evans?" James cut in, giving the back of Lily's crimson hair a lopsided grin. "Did you fall off your broomstick?" she inquired in mock hopefulness as she turned about. "Nah, even better—ol' Snivellus landed in detention, and it's only the first day of school!" James answered. "How's that for a stroke of luck?" "I'm surprised that you aren't there with him," Lily retorted, narrowing her bright green eyes. "Merlin knows that you must have been involved in whatever happened." "So you didn't know," James said, crossing his arms with another smile. "Are you turning over a new leaf, perhaps? Vowed to stop associating with confirmed creeps?" "If I had, we wouldn't be having this conversation, now would we?" she responded, and James felt the corner of his mouth lift as she tossed her hair over her shoulder to face the other way. "Merlin, I've missed her winning personality," Sirius commented, giving her turned back a grimace. "Yeah," James agreed before catching himself. Throwing him a quick look, Sirius moved out of the doorway as Remus entered the greenhouse, breathing hard after the long walk. "Venus Thought-Traps?" he asked aloud upon setting eyes on the potted plants around the room. "I thought that we wouldn't get to those for another year." Giving the swaying bulbs another sweeping glance, James soon turned his eyes back to Professor Sprout as she shooed Marion away and addressed the class. "All right, students, it's time to begin." As a few of James' classmates began to pull on their gloves, Sprout held up her hand. "Put your gloves away. You won't be needing them." Exchanging looks, the students obeyed while Sprout directed them to the plants around the room, each person stopping in front of a pot. Picking up one of the ceramic containers, Professor Sprout extended her wrist until it brushed against the plant's thin tendrils inside, which quickly unfurled and wrapped around her arm. "Pick up your Venus Thought-Traps like shown and allow the vines to touch bare skin. Don't worry, they won't hurt you." Knowing better than to object despite Herbology's reputation, the students slowly obeyed. Expecting the pot to be heavier, James brought his up a little too suddenly and compensated by lowering the plant to chest-height. Touching his wrist to the plant, he allowed the Thought-Trap to wrap around his arm all the way up to his elbow, its grip hardly more noticeable than the air. The thin vine tickled at his forearm, and he looked back up at Professor Sprout as she called out to the class. "Venus Thought-Traps are extremely sensitive, so avoid pulling too hard on their tendrils," she warned, and the students all stiffened. Petting her own plant on its crowning bulb, Sprout said, "These plants are, in fact, sensitive in another way, as found out when first discovered by Claudius Gunter in—" "Is it still okay to breathe?" a raspy voice interrupted, and James whipped his head around just in time to see Peter's Thought-Trap open a seam in its bulbous head and speak again. "Wait, why is everyone staring at me? Do I have something in my—OH!" Staring down at his plant with wide eyes, Peter let out a shrill shriek as the other plants around the room opened their bulbous heads to laugh derisively at the sight. Shocked, James glanced down at the pot in his hands as the plant inside cackled loudly, many of the other students doing the same. Throughout the room, exclamations of, "Is this plant talking?" and "Whoa, groovy!" echoed from students and Thought-Traps alike while Professor Sprout tried to call order back into the greenhouse. "Calm down! Things will only get worse if you panic!" she yelled, and the gravelly voices of the plants gradually died down so she could speak at a normal volume. "Venus Thought-Traps can pick up your inner dialogue just by touching your skin, and their rudimentary respiratory system allows them to repeat what they sense. If you refrain from thinking too much, we should be able to carry out a relatively quiet class session." "That shouldn't be too hard for most people in here," Lily's plant spoke up. As a few of the other Thought-Traps began snickering, James' plant burst into raucous laughter, causing a few of the students to glare in his direction as he reddened and tried to make it quiet down. Eventually, his plant calmed with a few cries of, "Stop it, stop it, STOP IT!" and Sprout cleared her throat after giving James a heavy frown. "As I was trying to say earlier, Venus Thought-Traps carry a special sort of bond with the first person that they come into contact with, although they will not hesitate to connect with other sentient beings. In fact, a tribe of Red Caps once 'adopted' a garden of Thought-Traps, and they would carry the plants wherever they went. Unfortunately, the tribe died out rather quickly, as the Thought-Traps tended to reveal the Red Caps' locations to nearby predators." "That's unfortunate," Alice's plant spoke up, and Alice's round face flushed as everyone turned to look at her. Going on, Sprout said, "Aside from their disabilities regarding concealment, Thought-Traps have several uses when it comes to potioneering. However, the Ministry of Magic has tried to limit their commercial use when their habitat receded to the Cley Marshes and some southeastern regions in the Americas. Their survival is valued for their therapeutic purposes, as many wizards and witches find it useful to hear their thoughts voiced out loud. Can anyone guess as to why Venus Thought-Traps are sometimes preferred to Pensieves?" Raising his hand awkwardly with his plant's tendrils hugging his arm, James caught Professor Sprout's attention. "Pardon me, Professor," he said, "but if one of us has a question, should we raise our hands or let the Thought-Traps ask for us? Or will they raise a vine if we think of it?" Although she looked a tad disappointed, Professor Sprout nodded his way. "Raising your hand is fine as long as you don't let go of the pot. Does anyone else have a question?" "Yeah," Sirius answered, lifting his hand in a similar fashion to James. "If one Thought-Trap grabs another, which will do the speaking?" "Venus Thought-Traps are not sentient," Sprout responded. "They don't have the ability to think on their own." "What if you're holding two?" James piped up. "Will they try to yell over each other?" Nodding, Sirius added, "Suppose that you get a song stuck in your head—" "Does anyone have a serious question?" Sprout demanded, raising her voice over the chuckling of the scattered plants. Raising his hand again, Sirius waited until Sprout could no longer ignore him before speaking gravely, "But Professor, all of my questions are." At this, the room erupted into laughter, and Professor Sprout held her head as students and Thought-Traps alike began to cackle. However, everyone hushed a few moments later and stared at Remus as his Thought-Trap groaned over the commotion. "I swear, Sirius, say anything else and I'll toss your stash of Cauldron Cakes down Gryffindor Tower again!" Looking between his hands, Remus flushed bright orange as his Thought-Trap continued to speak loudly in the new silence. "Oh, Merlin, they're all staring at me! Wait, how do I make this thing stop talking? Don't think, don't think! Oh no, whatever you do, don't think about—" Releasing his hold on the plant, Remus stared with wide eyes as the ceramic pot shattered on the floor. Gasping, a few of the closer students jumped back as the writhing plant tumbled free, its thin tendrils pawing the air. "Oh, Lupin!" Professor Sprout sighed, lifting her eyes to the ceiling as she moved forward to clean up the mess. "The rest of you, take some of the fertilizer on the tables and start feeding your plants. No more than a few pinches at a time, please! Thought-Traps are very delicate!" Moving away, the students arranged themselves in several oblong ovals around the room, thunking their pots down on the tables in front of them. Following Lily and her roommates to a nearby table, James stood next to them as Remus stayed behind to hover over Professor Sprout. When James set his pot down next to Lily's, the red-head shot him a brief scowl and slid to the side. Moving closer again, James grinned at her. "Do you have somewhere to go?" he teased just before Sirius slammed his Venus Thought-Trap directly onto his resting hand. "Oops! Sorry, mate! It slipped!" Sirius apologized when James yelped and wrung his fingers, drawing a smirk from Lily as her roommates giggled. Placing his hands back around his pot as his Thought-Trap rewrapped its tendrils around his arm, Sirius said, "These things really don't have that good of a grip, do they?" "Watch it next time!" James' Thought-Trap snapped while James sent Sirius a glare to match. "Let's see what you've got here!" Professor Sprout cut in, approaching their table with Remus, who was holding his newly-potted plant. "Newshod, place your pot on the table, please. Your Thought-Trap is about to fall." Blushing, Alice quickly slammed her pot onto the wood and hugged it to her midriff, the Thought-Trap promptly returning the gesture. Snickering at the mutual embrace, James and Sirius did their best to muffle their laughter by burying their mouths into their shoulders, and Lily glowered at the two of them before Professor Sprout turned to James. "Let's see yours, Potter." Holding his plant out in front of him, James waited while Sprout poked around the base for a moment and then straightened. "Do you see this here?" she pointed out, allowing James and the other students to lean in. "The dirt has been moved recently. That means that your Thought-Trap has been restless. It's good that it has your mind to feed off of now. It needs the mutual bond to thrive." "Wait, it's feeding off my what?" James' plant spoke up. "Poor thing, no wonder it's nutrient-deprived," another raspy voice commented, and Lily's Thought-Trap started chuckling as Remus flushed again. "Nice one, Lupin," Lily's plant said, and Lily and Remus shared a brief smile. Feeling his face grow hot, James interjected by speaking without the aid of his Thought-Trap. "Don't think too hard, mate," he jibed, and Remus' face fell as he stared down at his plant again. Noticing nothing, Professor Sprout walked over to the next table. Sirius shot a glare at James and turned his back to him, facing Remus and Peter instead. Although James immediately felt bad, he set his jaw and ignored his roommates for the rest of the class period, which passed in relative silence save for the chatting voices of Lily and Hillary (Alice being too focused on holding her Thought-Trap to talk much). When the lesson finally ended, James deposited his plant at the front of the greenhouse with the rest of the students and felt brave enough to join his roommates again. "Well, what do you think?" James asked the others, rubbing the back of his neck with a small laugh. "Would you let a Thought-Trap do the talking for you while you slept through class?" They chuckled in response, and James drew himself up with a smile. Lifting the corner of his mouth, Remus shook his head. "I don't know, it seems a little risky," he answered. "It might start narrating your dreams." "It might be fun to try at least once," Sirius said. "Potions might become more interesting if a Thought-Trap started snoring in the middle of class." "Instead of people, you mean?" James joked, and the others laughed on the way out of the greenhouse. Once outside, James considered saying goodbye to Lily and her friends, but he decided that the effort would not be worth it when he and his roommates set off in the other direction.
Gregory the Smarmy During the next few days, James reacquainted himself with his classes. Among his favorites were Transfiguration and Charms, taught respectively by Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick. James had always taken a particular liking to Transfiguration despite McGonagall's imposing character, but History of Magic and Care of Magical Creatures came with much less welcome. Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, was as dreary as his subject matter, and he neither noticed nor cared whenever James slept or engaged in paper airplane wars with Sirius during his lectures. Lily, of course, minded the latter very much, but she could only send the two of them meaningful glares over her shoulder during the period; Remus, at least, had the patience to ignore his roommates whenever they horsed around, and James could tell that he sometimes grew drowsy himself during Binns' droning. On the other hand, Care of Magical Creatures was a bit too exciting. The Gryffindors and Slytherins in James' year had met Professor Kettleburn last year in their joint class, and none of the students had taken a particular liking to him. Most of their reservation had come from Kettleburn's peg legs and lack of a left arm, which were all the aftermath of the wizard's dangerous line of work. Although none of the students had come to harm during his classes, there had been a few close calls with flying horses and walking mushrooms. Most of the excitement in the class came from Remus (through no fault of his own), because every creature that Kettleburn brought in seemed to sense that something was wrong with the young Gryffindor. All that James could say to cheer up his friend was that none of the other students seemed to draw the connection between the animals' fright and Remus' presence. Not even Kettleburn or Hagrid, the gigantic Gameskeeper and self-appointed assistant to Kettleburn, took any notice of Remus' disengagement from the class. After their first Care of Magical Creatures lesson, Remus trudged beside his roommates with a sullen look. "I don't know why I ever signed up for this class," he grumbled, kicking at the scarlet carpet of a castle hallway. "Did you see how the Slytherins looked at me when that Knarl tried to bite my finger off? I think they're onto me." "If Wilkes and his cronies were actually smart enough to catch on, they would have made sure to tell us so," James snorted, patting his friend's shoulder. "Besides, that Knarl hardly nicked you! It seemed just as angry at that git Snivellus. For all his clumsiness, he could be a secret werewolf, too!" "I wish that I didn't have to attend Care of Magical Creatures every week," Remus grunted in response. "Couldn't you have dropped it after last year?" Peter asked. "I didn't want to raise any questions," Remus sighed. "Professor McGonagall would have been understanding enough, but I would have had to speak with Professor Kettleburn about it, and he'd want an explanation. No offense to him, but if he ever found out about me, I don't think that he'd be able to keep his mouth shut in front of the other professors. Besides, with the way he fawns over the creatures he brings into class, he'd probably want to do a lesson series on me," he added, shuddering. Grinning despite his roommate's melancholy, James poked Remus' side. "What's wrong with that? Just imagine Professor Kettleburn going on and on about your eating habits!" "'The youthful werewolf is an intriguing specimen!'" Sirius spoke in his best impression of Kettleburn, which just ended up sounding like Sirius had caught a bad cold. "'A lamentably misunderstood creature, he spends his days whimpering at the moon and spending immoderate amounts of time reading his textbooks.'" Fighting to choke back their laughter, James and Peter barely heeded Remus' hushing. Only the tiny Dedalus Diggle, who was passing by in the hallway, turned to the four and waved as he walked by, the other students ignoring them as they went on their ways. However, James and the others were soon stopped by Sirius' younger brother, Regulus, who turned the corner unannounced and ran straight into James. Grunting, James took a steadying step back while Regulus took the force of the blow, being a head shorter than him. Stumbling backwards, he nearly lost his grip on the parchment roll in his hand as he straightened, soon donning a scowl as he realized who he had run into. "Hey, watch it, Reg!" James told him, smirking slightly as he brushed down his robes. Interested by the noise of the collision, Diggle and a few of the other passersby slowed down in the middle of the hallway to watch as James grinned at Regulus. "You might accidentally hurt yourself!" Seemingly miffed by the growing crowd and James' use of a nickname, Regulus glowered back at him. "Look out yourself, Potter." "Oi, don't mouth off to my mates, Reg," Sirius warned his brother, folding his arms. "You were the one that ran into him." "Maybe I wouldn't have if he wasn't always with you," Regulus muttered, attempting to move around the four older boys, but James moved an arm out to stop him. "What do you mean by that?" he asked, feeling the hair on the back of his neck prickle. When Regulus gave him another glare and tried to walk past again, James kept his arm out. "I mean it. What are you trying to say?" "I mean that my brother doesn't choose his friends wisely, that's what," Regulus finally replied, and Sirius curled his lip. "At least I have friends, you prat," he responded. "Why don't I ever see you with the other idiots in your House?" "I get on with them just fine," Regulus retorted, drawing back. "They're all wondering why you keep hanging around with blood traitors. They're even starting to call you one." "Then let them!" Sirius exclaimed as several students gasped and started to whisper. "Why should I care what they think?" His mouth falling open, Regulus stared at him in poorly-concealed disgust. "If our parents were to hear you—" "Then I'd have said it louder," Sirius interrupted, making Regulus grit his teeth. "Do you know what you're doing to us?" he hissed. "As if you befriending half-bloods isn't bad enough, now the whole family has to deal with the rumors!" "Well, I'm sorry if our existence offends you," James broke in, gesturing to himself, Remus, and Peter, "but we're here to stay." Ignoring him, Regulus glared up at Sirius, who eyed him with an almost bored look. "All right, if that's the way you want to go at it, Reg," Sirius finally spoke, drawing out his wand. As Regulus took out his own, a couple of the watching students oohed and shuffled closer. Near the front, Diggle gasped while Sirius and Regulus moved into dueling stances. "Shouldn't we get a professor?" he pleaded with Remus, the closest of James' roommates. Arms folded over himself, Remus avoided Diggle's gaze as Peter gaped between the Black brothers. Narrowing his eyes, James stepped forward to back up Sirius. "That's two against one, James," Remus spoke quietly, ignoring Diggle. "Your friend's right," Regulus pointed out, his eyes darting between James and Sirius to anticipate their next moves. "How very Gryffindor of you—you must feel so brave." "What, are you afraid that you'll be crawling on the floor for the next month?" Sirius retorted. "You should have thought about that before now!" Raising his wand, he prepared to fight, but Regulus beat him to the spell. "Flipendo!" he yelled, and Sirius ducked, the bright blue light narrowly missing the top of his head. Biting his fingernails, Diggle danced in place for a moment before speaking to the room at large. "I'm going to find a professor!" Too entranced with the duel to notice Diggle's departure, Peter and the rest of the students began to cheer on Sirius as he retaliated. "Tarantellegra!" Diving, Regulus missed his spell, but he was soon hit head-on with the Seize-and-Pull Charm that James had sent his way. Almost losing grip on his wand as he was dragged across the floor towards his rivals, Regulus managed to flip onto his back and send a spell back at James. "Sumo Luto!" In response to Regulus' command, a glob of thick, grimy mud splashed across James' face, covering his glasses in a coat of brown goo. Drying instantly, the mud hardened where it had landed, and James let out a hiss as he tried to claw the hard-packed dirt off of his face. Succeeding only marginally, he felt something like a tendril of a vine creep around his leg, and he cried out as his feet were suddenly yanked out from under him. With a grunt, he landed hard on his backside as Sirius yelled out an incantation above him, and James quickly ripped off his soiled glasses and thrust them into his pocket before jumping to his feet. Spinning around, he noted with a wince that he would have a bruise in the morning where he had fallen; lifting his wand, he aimed it at Regulus as the third-year conjured an oversized, luminous bubble to ward off the last spell that Sirius had shot at him. "Expelliarmus!" James and Sirius shouted as one once the bubble had popped, and Regulus barely had time to react as the two spells combined and blasted into his chest, sending him flying backwards. Parting to let Regulus fly by unimpeded, the watching students shouted encouragingly as James and Sirius advanced on the younger student, who had lost his wand after the last spell. Stopping within a few paces of him, James waited as Sirius glared at his brother. "Do you take it back, Reg?" Sirius questioned, to which Regulus responded with a glare. Shaking his head, Sirius sneered and pointed his wand at Regulus' face. "I don't know what I was expecting," he snarled, and the students cheered as Regulus lifted his chin. "Look out, it's Mrs. Norris!" one of the spectators cried out before Sirius could strike, and the students all turned to spy the caretaker's cat watching them from down the hall. Her lamp-like, yellow eyes were aglow, and the scrawny feline yowled eerily at the disrupters of the peace just before Peter gasped. "It's Filch!" he exclaimed, pointing, and James had to squint without the aid of his glasses to make out the form of Mrs. Norris' owner. Upon spying James and Sirius standing over Regulus, Argus Filch's bulging eyes gleamed, and he licked his ever-twitching lips. "What's this, my sweet?" he wheezed to his cat, hobbling forward as best he could with his hunched back. "Fighting in the corridors, are we? We'll see about that! Detention for the lot of you, I should think, if I can't hang you from your ankles in the dungeons!" Turning to each other, James and Sirius shared a single look and bolted in the other direction. "Catch you later!" James called over his shoulder to Filch, and Regulus pushed himself up to a sitting position. "Come back here, you insolent whelps!" Filch yelled at James and Sirius, breaking into a limping run as Mrs. Norris began speeding after the boys. "Do us a favor, will you?" Sirius called out to the nearby students, and they parted. Waving in thanks, James and Sirius kept up their rapid pace as the crowd applauded their flight. Ignoring the noise behind them, they nevertheless glanced down when the skinny form of Mrs. Norris shot past them, attempting to slow them down by nipping at their heels. "Get stuffed, you balmy cat!" Sirius growled, and he shot a red spell towards his feet that sent Mrs. Norris skidding away with a yelp. Unconcerned by the expletives streaming from Filch, he and James continued down the first floor while searching for a place to escape. "Where's the next staircase?" James asked, beginning to pant. "Not for a while," Sirius replied. "I suppose that your Invisibility Cloak is back in our room?" "Yeah," James answered, grimacing. "I should really start carrying that around." "Behind here!" Sirius suggested, pulling James to the side. In a moment, they had ducked behind a statue of an unattractive wizard with an ingratiating smile, the statue's large girth more than wide enough to hide both of them from the hallway. Looking down, James read a plaque bearing the name "Gregory the Smarmy." "Do you think Filch will—" "Shh!" Sirius interrupted, clapping his hand against James' mouth as he peered around the statue's stomach. Appearing at the end of the hallway, Filch glanced back and forth as Mrs. Norris waddled behind him, her fur still standing on end from Sirius' spell. "Come on, Norris dear, they can't be far," Filch cackled, and he began peeking into different doorways. Shaking his head, Sirius pressed his back against Gregory the Smarmy. "It looks like we'll just have to blast our way out of this one," he whispered, but James was distracted by a dark line between the stone slabs in the wall behind them. Squinting to see the black strip more clearly, he reached forward; expecting to trace his hand against the wall, he started when his fingers slipped into a hollowed-out space just behind the granite. "Sirius, look! There's a room behind the wall!" Immediately alert, Sirius looked at where James had stuck his hand behind the statue as James pulled out his wand. "Mobililapus!" he commanded, and a small purple light issued out from the end of his wand and connected with the stone. Sliding forward as the wall opened up, the statue of Gregory the Smarmy did not so much as make a grinding sound against the floor as it revealed a dark opening, easily large enough for two people to climb through. Jumping through first, James waited for Sirius to follow him before moving the stone back into place, praying that Filch would not notice the shifting statue. Once the wall had closed back over them, the boys watched the caretaker quietly by the small beam of light coming through the hole's opening. After a minute or two, Filch finally walked in front of the statue and blocked the light issuing through the thin crack. "Keep looking, Mrs. Norris—they're around here somewhere," he muttered, pacing right in front of the boys. "I can feel them lurking in this hallway." Turning to each other, James and Sirius grinned as Filch and his cat walked right by their hiding place, apparently clueless to the existence of the secret room. Putting his finger to his lips, James mimed that both of them should wait until Filch had left the hallway to reveal themselves, and neither of them moved a muscle as the caretaker continued searching. After a few minutes of scouring the hall, Filch let out a curse and stomped back towards Gregory the Smarmy. "Search the hall again! They have to be hiding here somewhere!" Trotting at his heels, Mrs. Norris let out a low meow and started sniffing at the floor in front of the statue, keeping James and Sirius trapped as her master strode off towards the other end of the corridor. Sharing a glance, the boys waited for Mrs. Norris to leave, but she and Filch stayed within a short distance of their hiding place. Eventually, James felt his stiffened legs begin to grow tired of standing in one place, and he adjusted his weight between his feet. When the wait had grown almost too long for him to bear, James was suddenly distracted by a tug on his sleeve, and he turned to see Sirius putting his finger over his lips and pulling him further into the dark. Moving as quietly as he could, James followed him with trepidation, fearing that his hampered vision would cause him to run into a wall of stone. However, he never felt the expected impact, and he started to relax as Sirius kept moving at a steady pace, eventually stumbling a bit as they started marching downwards. Traveling farther down into the castle, James lost sight of Sirius' black hair a few times in the darkness of the tunnel, but he always spotted it a moment later when Sirius slowed down long enough for him to catch up. Amazed at how long the time dragged on, James kept his arms extended on either side of him, feeling along the edges of a rough, stone surface as he followed his roommate. After what seemed like half an hour, James could finally feel both walls of the tunnel without having to stretch his arms to their full extent. The passage continued to contract gradually, making both James and Sirius double over to stop their heads from knocking against the ceiling until the latter finally took in a large gulp of air. "Hey, I can see the opening!" Sirius announced, his voice echoing softly through the tunnel, and he picked up his pace while James hurried after him. In just a few moments, Sirius stopped and pressed his hands against the ceiling of the underground corridor, where a bright light was shining down on the boys. "I think it's stuck. Help me push," Sirius requested. Pushing as one on the cold surface of the stone, the boys heaved until the hefty boulder above them popped free to allow a chilly blast of air into their faces. Climbing free of the hole after Sirius, James stood up and blinked his eyes against the brilliant sun, which shone overhead on the Hogwarts grounds. Squinting to the left, James spotted the blurry blue mass of the lake, which shimmered in the blowing wind. Behind the lake stood the Hogwarts castle, much smaller than James would have guessed it to be after their expedition, and Hagrid's cabin was hardly more than a speck in the distance. Even the Quidditch pitch stood just far enough away so that a player might not spot anyone near the tunnel opening. After taking in their surroundings, James faced Sirius and shrugged. "That went a lot farther than I thought it would." Looking back at him in the new light, Sirius smirked. "You look like a raccoon." Rubbing at the dried dirt surrounding his eyes, James felt a few specks of dust fall between his fingers. Rubbing away most of his face's grime, he pulled his glasses from his pocket and frowned at them. "I should dunk these in the lake," he said. "Your brother did me a good one there." "Yeah, but at least he made us miss our first Defense Against the Dark Arts class," Sirius said with a smile, letting out a sigh as the breeze ruffled his hair. Sirius had let it grow a bit longer over the summer, and James noticed that it might fit into a small ponytail like Professor Aven's. "I guess we're too late to catch anything important as it is," Sirius guessed. "What do you say we make a day of it and forget about our other classes? I don't fancy going back to the castle after all that excitement—we might as well stay by the Quidditch pitch or poke around the Forbidden Forest." "Fine by me," James agreed. "I don't want to meet up with Filch anytime soon, either." Motioning towards the boulder, he suggested, "We should probably move this back first. I don't know if anyone else knows about the tunnel." "If Filch doesn't, I don't know who else would," Sirius agreed, and he helped James push the boulder back into place over the tunnel entrance. Walking to the edge of the lake, James dipped his glasses in the water and rubbed the dirt off as Sirius joined him on the edge. "You know, I heard that a giant squid lives under here," Sirius commented, leaning over the water to get a better look. "Ever wanted to find out?" James questioned as he put on his glasses, turning to Sirius with a smirk. Moving swiftly, he made to shove his friend into the water, but Sirius sidestepped at the last moment and allowed James to tumble into the lake instead. Spluttering as he splashed downward, James rose halfway from the water and glared at Sirius through his wet hair. "You git, how did you know I was going to push you?" "We've been mates for four years now, James," Sirius replied, laughing. "I know better than to stand between you and a body of water." Pointing his wand at Sirius, James shouted, "Collabor!" Yelling, Sirius flailed his arms as his legs buckled, falling face-first into the water. Pushing up, he dunked James in retaliation, each one laughing and splashing in turn as they wrestled playfully under the warm sun.
The Fault-Seeker "Where were you?" Peter demanded. He was gaping at James and Sirius in the Charms classroom. It was the day after James and Sirius had fled from Argus Filch after fighting with Regulus, and this was the first chance that Peter had been able to question them about their impromptu flight. Remus' eyes kept flitting up to James and Sirius, but he was pretending to practice the Mending Charm. Shrugging, James answered, "Trying to avoid Filch. Out on the grounds, mostly." As Remus threw another look their way, Sirius scowled at him. "What? We just didn't feel like going to class. It's not like we committed a crime." Looking like he wanted to slip under an Invisibility Cloak, Remus ducked his head again. "Well, it didn't do you much good in the end," he pointed out under his breath, and James enchanted together the broken pieces of glass on their shared desk with a scowl. It was true: after skipping classes all day, he and Sirius had finally been caught by Filch once they had returned to the castle, and the ensuing confrontation with him and Professor McGonagall had kept them up after hours. "I don't see what good you thought it would do to try and hide, that's all," Remus explained, blasting apart the newly-fixed vase again with a Reductor Curse. "Filch had already seen you hexing Regulus, and you couldn't avoid him forever." "I'm just glad that Filch had the good sense to give Regulus detention, too," Sirius replied. "The whole incident was his fault, anyway." "You're the one who pulled out your wand first," Remus countered, glancing at Sirius again. "And don't tell me that he looked at you the wrong way." "You missed an awfully important Defense Against the Dark Arts class," Peter interjected after Sirius made a face at Remus. "Not to mention Professor Vector's first lesson," Remus put in. "Aven really gives out a lot of homework," Peter sighed, poking at a glass shard with his wand. "So does Vector," Remus added. "Though Aven's assignments seem mostly like busywork." Groaning, James and Sirius shared a grimace. "How much is there?" James asked against his better judgment, rubbing his forehead. "Take a look for yourself," Remus replied, nodding at the monstrous pile of notes sitting by the foot of the desk. "That's all for two classes?" Sirius exclaimed. "No, that's only for Defense Against the Dark Arts," Peter corrected. "We have two essays assigned from Professor Aven, and at least five quizzes to study for." "But it nearly reaches up to your knee!" Sirius objected. "What's Aven's issue?" "Ask him yourself," Remus suggested, shrugging. "When you actually decide to attend class," he added, and James and Sirius slouched as he Mended the vase. "Attention, class!" Professor Flitwick's shrill voice called out. "I want you to keep practicing the Mending Charm for your homework, and don't forget the essay about Repairing Enchantments due next week!" Giving James and Sirius another long look as they slouched still lower, Remus gathered his supplies and headed for the door, followed closely by Peter. "Have fun at Quidditch practice, James!" Peter called on his way out. Suddenly remembering his afternoon engagement, James brightened and grabbed his Charms textbook. "Can you take this back up to our room?" he asked Sirius, tossing it on top of his roommate's copy of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4. "I've got to run!" Mumbling a response, Sirius remained rooted to his chair as James dashed out of the classroom, shoving aside a pair of small first-years as he redirected his course towards the castle exit. Leaving behind the alabaster columns of the third floor, he slipped through a partially-hidden door that led down to ground level, soon sprinting out under the cloud-ridden sky. Reaching the Quidditch pitch after a few minutes of jogging, James greeted the rest of the team arranged around the center of the field. "I'll be right out, King!" he cried to the team's new Captain. "I just need to grab my broom!" Arms crossed, King nodded as James headed for the locker rooms. Humming to himself, James rapidly strapped on his protective gear and snatched his Airwake before running back onto the field. He gave a few hops as he adjusted his right shoe, finally coming to a halt in front of the rest of the Gryffindor team and slamming the end of his broomstick onto the ground. "What's the hold-up?" James questioned, throwing his hair out of his face and grinning. "I'm ready to go!" "We're still waiting for one more," Michael, one of the Beaters, answered him tiredly. Frowning, James glanced back towards the locker rooms, his glasses sliding into a crooked slant as he tilted his head. He had not missed any of his teammates at first glance, and he quickly counted them again: King and Frank, the two other Chasers, were standing nearby, and so were Raul and Joseph, the other Beater and Keeper. The old Captain, of course, would not be present, since she had graduated the year before. Trying not to smack his forehead as realization hit him, James voiced, "Oh yeah, Morgan's not here. Say, King, who's the new Seeker? Did you find someone good?" Not bothering to answer him as the rest of the team turned their heads, King directed James' gaze towards the locker rooms as a tall, fair-haired student strutted out of the doorway. Dressed immaculately in his uniform, he sported a lazy sort of smile under his squinty amber eyes and his perfectly combed hair. Immediately taken aback at the older boy's jaunty expression, James narrowed his eyes as the student approached and rested his weight on one leg, holding his broom with a casual grip. "Are you all ready?" he inquired silkily, and Raul's eyebrows rose to his hairline. "Have been," King replied before freeing one of his arms from their impassive clasp to gesture at James. "You haven't met our third Chaser. James Potter, this is Cassius Kennedy, our new Seeker." Reaching out his white-gloved hand with a pearly smile, Kennedy waited for James to take it. "A pleasure, I'm sure. You play much?" Staring down at the spotless glove, James decided that he most definitely did not like his new teammate. "More than you, I reckon," he answered, and Kennedy retracted his hand when it became clear that James would not be shaking it. "Nice team," Kennedy commented to King in a manner far from a compliment, and James felt the hair bristle at the back of his neck. Looking like he might throw up, Frank made a face at the back of the Seeker's head while Joseph turned a bright shade of crimson. "Is this your first year Captaining?" "Yes, but I know the players," King replied, showing much greater calm than any of the other members. "I don't think it'll be a problem for you coming in late. It won't take long to show you the ropes." "Oh, don't worry about me," Kennedy told him, laughing without mirth. "I've been playing since I was born. How about it, then?" Swaggering away from them, he mounted his broom and rose into the air with a swoosh, leaving the others to glare up at him before doing the same. As Michael and Raul flew upwards with a shared glower, James spun on King. "What was that?" he demanded, gesturing up at Kennedy, and King glanced down at him. "He was the best in the tryouts," he replied simply, and James clenched his teeth. "Him?" he cried. "He's got the arrogance of a hippogriff!" "I know he's not the easiest to get along with," King answered, "but there's no denying his skill. I'm trusting you all to keep your opinions of him professional," he added to Frank and Joseph, who were still on the ground listening in on the conversation. Snorting, James glanced up at the sky. "That'll be easier if we can unscrew his broomstick out from his own—" "That's enough," King reprimanded, mounting his ride and pushing off from the grass. "Unlatch the Bludgers and get into position." Shaking his head, Frank shared a look with James before opening the locked chest in the middle of the field. Grumbling to himself, James followed Joseph into the air and settled into place beside King, resisting the urge to hit Kennedy with his broomstick handle on the way up. Glancing at the Seeker's gloves, James cocked an eyebrow and cleared his throat. "Do you normally play with those?" he spoke up, trying to keep his voice civil as Kennedy turned his pinched eyes towards him. "How are you supposed to catch the Snitch with those on?" "They're Murtlap skin," Kennedy replied, his smile plastered on as if he was explaining something to a small child. Turning over his hand so that James could see the thin underside, he rubbed his pointer finger and thumb together. "Thinner than dragon skin, and produces a much better grip. It's the newest invention in professional games. Don't you keep up with Seeker Weekly?" Glaring at him, James scoffed, "Who doesn't?" Making a show of being surprised, Kennedy eyed him up and down. "Then I'm surprised you don't remember it." "I must have missed the latest issue," James told him, turning up his chin and looking away. "I often spend my time reading publications like The Broomstick Periodical, Quidditch Illustrated, and WQG—you know, the less common magazines." Spotting Kennedy's frown out of the corner of his eye, James suppressed a smirk as he waited for Frank to release the the Golden Snitch. After freeing the majority of the balls, Frank tossed the Quaffle above his head, and James swooped forward to snatch it out of the air. Spinning around in an unnecessarily embellished loop, he threw it to King, who sped off towards the three hoops guarded by Joseph. Sending the ball to Frank, who had now joined him in front of the goalposts, King pulled back as Frank tossed the ball forward, but Joseph completed a rapid change of direction to knock the ball from the sky. Shooting a fist into the air at Joseph's fast reflexes, Frank opened his mouth to shout a congratulations, but Kennedy called down to him before he could speak. "Longbottom? If I may," he spoke, leaning down from his broomstick, "I think I can see what happened. You overcompensated for your throw, so Mallord naturally had time to reach it. If you had aimed a bit farther to the right, the Quaffle might have gone through even at its slow speed." Clenching his jaw, James threw a withering glance up at Kennedy, where he was staring at the Chasers in casual interest. "Aren't you supposed to be looking for the Snitch?" James snapped. "It won't show for another few minutes at least," Kennedy replied, shrugging. "I thought that I might help out in the meantime." "Well, you can stop helping," James retorted before King could stop him. "James," King interjected, and James crossed his arms and looked away. Facing Frank, King said, "He has a point, Frank—Joseph acted quickly, but he might not have stopped the Quaffle if you had put more force into the throw. And Kennedy, you can leave the pointers to me in the future." Shrugging, Kennedy kept watching the Chasers from a distance as King retrieved the Quaffle and threw it back into play. Catching it, Frank gave Kennedy a quick glare before shooting across the field with needless speed. Copying him, James kept on his tail while Michael and Raul kept the Bludgers at bay with their bats. When James and the other Chasers approached the goalposts again, James shot the ball out of his arms with an aggressive display of power, and it sailed past Joseph's outstretched hands to pass through the left hoop. "Mallord?" Kennedy's voice rang out again, and James could barely conceal his rage as he clenched his fists and spun his broomstick around. "I believe the trick is to keep your eyes on the Chaser's arm, not the Quaffle itself," Kennedy critiqued while Joseph glowered at him. "Kennedy?" King interjected. "Yes?" Kennedy inquired, turning towards the Captain, and King was not the only one to frown. Normally, none of the players needed to ask for clarification from their generally brusque teammate, as just the warning in his voice gave them all they needed to know. "I believe that I told you to leave the pointers to me," King told Kennedy, and the new player sat back. "Oh, for him, too?" he questioned as if having just considered the option. "All right, if that's what you meant." Shooting a look at King that went unnoticed, James huffed and shot down to retrieve the Quaffle. During the next few plays, Kennedy kept his thoughts to himself, but his occasional grunts gave James blisters from clenching his broom handle so often. Other than the sparing glances and occasional lap that Kennedy would send across the field, he made no great attempt to search for the Golden Snitch, and even King had to resort to ignoring his presence to keep from growing irritated. A bit later in the afternoon, James sent yet another glare up at the Seeker and spotted a glint of gold a bit floating behind his head. "Hey, newbie!" James shouted out, pointing. "It's the Snitch!" Spinning around with astonishing speed, Kennedy closed his fist around the golden ball after only a short moment of chase and lowered himself from the sky. Everyone except King seemed taken aback at his rapid movement, and Michael let his mouth fall open when he spotted the captured ball, having missed Kennedy's swift motion. "Should I let it loose again?" the Seeker questioned King, and the Captain did a sweeping glance of the rest of the team. Sensing the others' agitation, he shook his head and pointed his thumb at the ground below. "That's enough for today," he answered. "We'll pick it up next time." Sharing glances, the others slowly descended to the grass aside from Michael and Raul, who raced after the Bludgers to capture them. Curling his nose when Kennedy landed a short distance from him, James started to walk off towards the locker rooms. "Are practices normally this short?" Kennedy asked no one in particular. "I could have gone on until the evening." "Our old Seeker used to make up her own training regimens," James snapped against his better judgment, giving him a sideways glance. "If King's exercises don't satisfy you, maybe you should practice more on your own." "Oh, I already have a set of drills that I go through every day," Kennedy replied, upsettingly deciding to keep pace with James. "Need to keep in shape, you know." After a short pause, he looked at James with an almost reluctant nod. "I must say, Potter, you have impressive speed. What model of broom do you own?" "Airwake," James responded briskly, though his tone softened as he displayed the engraving on the side of his broom. Although his eyes widened, Kennedy kept his voice detached as he eyed the slender broomstick. "Really? I guess that explains it, then." Pausing while James shot him a glare, he thought for a moment before speaking again. "You know," he began slowly, "it surprises me that you would have an Airwake. Chasers aren't necessarily supposed to have that amount of power. Can you manage to stay on top of it all right?" "I think I can handle it just fine," James replied, a small hiss escaping his teeth. "Really, it would much better match a Seeker," Kennedy continued as if he had not heard James. "It's all in the speed, you know. It can really overwhelm a Chaser at times." "I'm not giving you my broom," James told him bluntly, coming to a stop, and Kennedy gaped at him as Frank caught up with James and waved him down. "James, do you want to stay a bit longer and fly around? I don't have anything to do tonight. My assignments can wait until later. What do you say?" "Sorry, I wish I could," James told him in a much friendlier voice than he had been using with Kennedy. "I have a detention tonight, and I don't want to hear it from Filch if I miss it." Laughing as Kennedy gave James a deep-set frown, Frank hit him on the shoulder. "Still at it, eh? Well, that's all right. Just don't let me catch you doing anything you aren't supposed to. Prefect now, remember?" Tapping his chest, Frank began walking in the other direction and waved him goodbye. "I'll just practice on my own for a while before going back to the castle. I really should be getting to my homework, anyway. This year is really biting me where it hurts." "See you later!" James told him before heading into the locker rooms, running ahead of Kennedy before he could engage James in conversation.
A Succession of Ministers Sitting in the Transfiguration classroom, James waved his wand over the hedgehog on the desk and watched it shrink down into the size and shape of a pincushion. Prodding the still-gray ball with his wand, he frowned as it wiggled in protest and released the spell with a sigh. Trying again, he narrowed his eyes in total concentration, and the hedgehog gave out a small squeak as it morphed into a pincushion again, this time a bright orange. Leaning over to admire his handiwork, Remus asked, "How did you get it so quickly?" Shrugging, James leaned back in his chair as he watched the others work. "I don't know. Maybe you just need to try harder." "I probably just need more practice," Remus agreed with a frown at his furry pincushion. Glancing over at Remus' Transfigured hedgehog, Peter waved his wand over his own animal with a quick motion. Instead of transforming, the hedgehog merely yelped as it was struck by a zap of blue light, and Peter groaned. "How are you even supposed to make it turn a different color?" he pleaded with his roommates as his hedgehog attempted to run off of the desk. "I don't think I'll ever get the hang of this!" "Cross-Species Switches start next week," Sirius cut in, his feet planted on the desk in front of him. "Wait until you have to turn the hedgehog into another animal." As Peter moaned and buried his head in his arms, Remus shot a short glance at Sirius' Transfigured pincushion, which was still crawling about the desk with its tiny legs. Whistling, Sirius waited until Professor McGonagall stepped over him before taking his legs off of the desk at her sharp glare. "Have you tried a Cross-Species Switch yet?" McGonagall inquired of James, laying eyes on his perfectly-manufactured pincushion. "Not yet," James replied, and McGonagall pulled a pin out of his cushion to examine it. "You might want to consider getting in some practice," she suggested, pushing the pin back into place. "It might work out some of that boundless energy of yours." Moving away, she left the others to stare at their own pincushions in silence; shaking his head, Remus released his spell as Peter sighed deeply, staring at his agitated hedgehog. Grimacing at Professor McGonagall's back, Sirius tapped his pincushion with his wand again, and it stopped moving as its legs disappeared from underneath it. Smiling to himself, James studied his pincushion for a moment and pulled out a pin in interest; maybe Cross-Species Switches would be helpful for becoming Animagi. Suddenly struck with a thought, he started pulling out all of the pins from his Transfigured hedgehog. After staring at him for a moment, Sirius seemed to realize what he was doing and began to help until the pincushion was completely stripped. Waving his wand, James released the now quill-less hedgehog to walk about freely on the desk just as Professor McGonagall announced the end of class. Pushing up from his seat with the rest of the students, he left behind the strangely bald-looking animal and heard someone scream behind him on the way out. Before he could crack a joke to his friends, he was stopped by Dedalus Diggle as he ran up from behind and beamed at James. "Hi, James!" "Er . . . hi," James answered, squinting down at the first-year. "Do you want something?" "I don't think that we've met," Diggle replied in his squeaky voice, struggling to keep up with the older students. "I'm Dedalus Diggle, Gryffindor House!" When James only stared at him, he grinned again. "I heard that you're on the Quidditch team! Some even say that you're the best player we have, maybe in the whole school!" "Do they?" James asked, considerably more interested, and he puffed out his chest. "Well, Diggle, they're right; you're looking at the finest Chaser that Gryffindor has seen in years!" Gasping, Diggle stared up at James with wide eyes as Sirius snorted, giving Remus a small shove. "Wow, that's amazing!" Diggle exclaimed. "Can you show me some tricks?" "I would if I had my broom," James told him, "but you'd have to pay. Do you have any money?" Blinking, Diggle reached into his pocket experimentally before pulling out a single silver coin. "All I have is a Sickle. Is that enough?" "That'll earn you a trick or two," James replied, snatching up the Sickle. "Catch up with me later, okay?" Suppressing a sigh, Remus said to Diggle, "You know that games are free, right? You can watch him anytime." "Ah, but he won't get to see all of my stunts!" James interjected, raising a finger. "I can offer behind-the-scenes glimpses of my best work for those who can afford it!" "It's okay!" Diggle told Remus as he rolled his eyes. "Cassius said that he'd show me some tricks, too!" "He did?" James questioned, his good mood instantly evaporating. "Yeah," Diggle answered, examining his empty pockets. "He only charged a few Knuts, though." "That's because he's not that great at Quidditch," James harrumphed. "He would naturally be worth less." "Really?" Diggle inquired, tilting his head. "He seemed pretty good to me. He told me lots about Quidditch that I didn't know. He even said that he would bring out his best tricks in the first match!" Narrowing his eyes, James stared at Diggle more closely. "Wait, weren't you the one to go fetch a professor when Sirius and I were dueling Regulus?" "Er . . . yeah, that was me," Diggle answered, red-faced as James slowly reversed his frown. "Say, Diggle, would you like to see a trick right now?" he offered, pulling out his wand slyly as the first-year brightened. "Sure!" "It goes like this," James said, and he flicked his wand at Diggle before Remus could stop him. "Bogeus Voloteus!" Doubling over as a stream of screaming bats erupted from his nostrils, Diggle gasped and slapped his hands to his nose. Leaving him behind in the middle of the hallway, James waved as Sirius held his stomach from laughter. "That's for trying to rat us out!" James called to Diggle as he started to walk off. "Think better of it next time!" "Bye, James!" Diggle yelled back through the din of the shrieking bats, waving as he turned and waddled bravely down the hallway. "James, he's just a first-year!" Remus exclaimed, running up to James' side as the others snickered. "Why would you do that to him?" "Hey, he's not completely harmless, if you remember how he tried to get us in trouble," James responded, grinning at Remus. "He'll be fine: he seems like a tough little kid." Although he glanced over his shoulder, Remus did not dissent again as Sirius and Peter continued to chuckle. Twirling his wand before stashing it in his pocket, James strolled out onto the castle grounds, joining the rest of the Gryffindor and Slytherin fourth-years for their Care of Magical Creatures lesson. Next to Professor Kettleburn's right wooden leg stood a cage on a stand, which contained a dozen lizard-like creatures of about the size of Mrs. Norris. On each of the animals' heads was a prominent pustule that was surrounded on both sides by a small horn. Standing on its hind legs like a monkey, one of the creatures opened its mouth at the students to reveal a long, pink tongue and two rows of razor-sharp teeth. Taken aback by the threatening gesture, Peter stumbled towards the far side of the waiting crowd while his roommates joined him. "Welcome to Care of Magical Creatures!" Professor Kettleburn chirruped as the students all eyed the cage from a safe distance. "Today, we will be learning about Clabberts, which I was able to procure with the help of Rubeus here," he announced, gesturing to the bearded Gameskeeper with his only arm. Waving unnecessarily, Hagrid beamed down at the class, his ruddy cheeks uplifted in anticipation of the lesson. Turning towards the cage sitting next to him, Kettleburn struggled with the latch for a moment before opening the door and allowing one of the creatures inside to climb onto his shoulder. "Tamed Clabberts are very friendly, so there's nothing to fear by holding one," Kettleburn explained, but none of the students relaxed when the green-scaled animal startled picking through the professor's golden hair. "Don't let this fool you," the professor laughed, nodding at the Clabbert. "Their general diet consists of small lizards and birds, although insects will do in a pinch." Staring at the Clabbert's sharp teeth, James thought that the animal would have no problem feasting on his arm if it came down to it. A moment later, he made a face when the creature found something of interest in Professor Kettleburn's hair and popped it into his mouth. Swallowing, the Clabbert crawled down to Kettleburn's forearm at the professor's bidding, hanging upside-down by its prehensile tail and baring its teeth in what could easily be either a hiss or a smile. "Can I have a volunteer to hold Jasper here?" Kettleburn asked, swinging his arm from the right to the left with the Clabbert attached firmly to his wrist. "Anyone at all? Potter, how about you? You have a strong arm from throwing all of those Quaffles! How about it?" Taken aback, James glanced at the other students, meeting blank stares and a barely-suppressed smirk from Snape in the back. As he turned back to Professor Kettleburn, his eyes briefly crossed Lily's where she was standing with her friends, and his stomach gave a small flip-flop. "Sure, why not?" he answered Kettleburn, stepping forward with his arm outstretched. Beaming at his enthusiasm, Kettleburn coaxed the Clabbert onto James with a few clicking noises, and it scampered all the way onto James' shoulder. Steadying himself against the animal's surprisingly heavy weight, James lowered his arm sheepishly as the creature began picking at his hair. "Er, does it do this with everyone?" he asked Kettleburn as a few of the other students started laughing. "Pretty much," he answered with a smile and shrug of his shoulder. "You might tell Jasper to be careful!" Sirius joked as the lizard-like creature rifled through James' wild hair. "He might find anything in there!" Although the class chuckled again, the Clabbert rotated its head as the pustule between its horns suddenly flashed a bright red. It leaped off of James' shoulder with its limbs splayed out, and James let out a cry as it yanked a few of his hair follicles before landing on Professor Kettleburn's chest. Quivering, the Clabbert clung to his robes with its long fingers, and it stared back at the students with bared teeth while James gaped at the animal. "Well, that's odd," Kettleburn spoke, prying the Clabbert off of his chest with his one hand. "Their foreheads only flash red like that when they sense danger. Wizards sometimes use them to watch out for Muggle intruders." "I knew it!" James cried, commanding attention back to himself as he thrust his finger into the air. "Peter's a Muggle!" The tension immediately released, and everyone laughed as James' roommates each sent him a faint smile, all of them knowing the real reason for the Clabbert's sudden flight. While Remus edged away from both James and Professor Kettleburn, the latter beckoned to the rest of the class. "All right, I need each of you to take a Clabbert from the cage and soothe it before we can proceed. Don't worry, they don't bite!" Slowly moving forward, the students formed a queue in front of the cage. Exchanging another look, James, Sirius, and Peter all faced Remus, who did not seem keen on approaching the cage lest all the rest of the animals' pustules started flashing red. Waving his hand at Professor Kettleburn while the other students were occupied, Remus called his name. "Professor Kettleburn? I'm feeling ill. May I go see Madam Pomfrey?" Starting, Kettleburn blinked at him while Hagrid helped with the Clabbert-distribution. "Of course—take care of yourself." Nodding at him, Remus gave his roommates one last look before trotting off towards the castle. Turning back around, James joined the queue and approached Hagrid, who gave him a Clabbert and a wide smile through his scraggly beard. "How are yeh doin', James?" Hagrid asked as he reached for another Clabbert. "Are yeh ready fer yer first Quidditch game?" Remembering his interaction with Diggle earlier that day, James glowered at the ground. "I'd rather not talk about it," he answered, and Hagrid furrowed his brow as Sirius moved forward to collect a Clabbert. "Oh," the Gamekeeper stated simply, obviously curious but afraid to press the matter. "'Ow about yeh, Sirius?" he questioned, handing him a smaller, more energetic animal. "I'm all right," Sirius told him, attempting to keep the Clabbert from climbing into his shirt. "Did yeh hear about the Rightons?" Hagrid asked, making James and the others stare at him. "What about them?" James inquired. "They were finally carted off ter Azkaban after being questioned at the Ministry," Hagrid responded, giving Peter a Clabbert without looking his way. "It took far longer than it should 'ave, after attackin' yer class last year an' all." "Why weren't they put into Azkaban sooner?" James prodded. "There were at least a dozen Aurors at the castle afterwards! I thought that it was all settled!" "Well, yeh see, Milo made up a story about his innocence, and the Ministry 'ad to go through a 'ole investigation," Hagrid explained, itching the back of his hairy neck. "A few of their departments stopped by Hogwarts over the summer to look over the place, actually." "But they were guilty!" Peter exclaimed, his Clabbert swaying precariously on his arm. "Couldn't Professor Val tell them so?" "She an' Flannegin were out of the country at the time, from what I could gather from the Aurors," Hagrid told him. Lowering his voice, he glanced around and whispered, "I heard tha' He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was spotted somewhere in northern Europe, an' Valerie was one o' the first to leave." "Did she get back in time to lock the Rightons away?" Sirius asked, and Hagrid shook his head. "It was actually Bartemius Crouch tha' sped up the process," he answered. "He's the 'ead of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, an' he's often fightin' with the Minister ter make the Wizengamot more effective about criminal justice. He really 'ates the Death Eaters, an' he's tryin' ter change the laws so tha' it'll be easier to lock 'em away." "Well, that's fine by me!" Sirius attested, grabbing his Clabbert by the tail before it could squeeze past his collar. "We could use more force when it comes to capturing Death Eaters!" "That's wha' I say," Hagrid agreed, standing at his full height with a beam, "but Jenkins likes to play things by the rules. Actually, if it wasn't fer our last Minister's sad retirement, we might 'ave an easier time roundin' up the Dark wizards." "Who was the last Minister?" Peter asked. "He was a Muggle-born by the name of Nobby Leach," Hagrid replied. "Yeh're probably too young ter remember, but his election was a big deal. He was the firs' Muggle-born to 'old the office, an' nearly half of the Wizengamot walked out in protest. It was a bright day fer the wizarding world, but Leach was soon ousted after bein' taken ill by a mysterious disease." Scowling, Hagrid growled, "Not all people believe this, but some say tha' it was a group of spiteful purebloods tha' gave the illness ter 'im. The Healers at St. Mungo's never did identify the ailment, an' 'e died shortly after." "But who would have cursed him?" Peter gasped. "Abraxas Malfoy," Hagrid accused, and the boys all started. "Malfoy?" James repeated. "Then he was—" "Our very own Lucius Malfoy's father," Hagrid finished for him, nodding darkly. "I've met Abraxas in the past, an' I never did take a likin' ter 'im. He inherited all of what makes the Malfoy family a cruel, slimy breed. I don't doubt for one moment tha' 'e was the one to poison Leach." "What if he knew that Lord Voldemort was rising to power?" James asked, and Hagrid nearly cried out at the name. "What if he was purposely trying to get Leach out of the way so Jenkins could take his place right before the Death Eaters rose up?" "Now, now," Hagrid backtracked, eyes wide, "I wouldn't know if I would take it tha' far. Jenkins did a fine job with the pureblood riots a few years ago, after all, an' she never would 'ave become Minister if she wasn't cut out fer the position. Still," he said, stroking his hair chin, "quite a bit of purebloods voted fer Jenkins. I always thought tha' they were too fed up with Leach to put up much of a fuss with a new Minister, but yeh never know . . ." "Wait, one more thing," Sirius piped up. "You don't think that Jenkins has been controlling The Daily Prophet, do you?" "Controllin' The Daily Prophet?" Hagrid repeated, frowning. "She migh' like ter do tha' if it would benefit her, I won't deny it. But wha' makes yeh think so?" Pausing, Sirius turned to James. "Er . . ." Thankfully, he was saved from an explanation by Professor Kettleburn's raised voice. "Are you ready to try feeding your Clabberts?" he yelled out to the class, and James, Sirius, and Peter quickly left Hagrid and gathered around a bucket of lizard carcasses.
Pressing Questions Sitting in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, James sighed as he listened to Professor Aven lecture on the uses of Healing Spells. Remus and Peter were right about Aven's class: the professor gave out mounds of homework, and James was still struggling to catch up after his detention of alphabetizing the books in the lower levels of the library. Even now, he had little idea of what Aven was talking about, although Remus had done his best to explain Healing Spells to him and Sirius before class. Pausing his lecture, Professor Aven turned and scribbled a short list of incantations onto the blackboard with a piece of chalk. James briefly wondered why their professor didn't just use his wand, but he then decided Aven was just as bored as he was and needed a way to drag out the lesson. Sighing again, James drummed his fingers on the desk. Turning back around, Professor Aven said, "There are many different types of Healing Spells, which range in capability from cut-mending to poison-draining. As this is your fourth year, you only need learn two of the most basic spells practically, although I expect you to have read up on bone-repair." Still mildly confused by the lecture, James tapped his fingers on his desk as Aven frowned up at the ceiling. "You're studying the Sanguine Solvent in Potions now, correct?" Exchanging glances, the students stayed quiet until Alice spoke up. "No, sir," she answered. "I've never even heard of it." "Really?" Aven asked, pushing his glasses up his nose. "Slughorn hasn't discussed it?" Performing a half-shrug, he flushed a bit and said, "Maybe Hogwarts took it off the syllabus. It's illegal, after all, unless the potioneer obtains special permission from the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Magizoologists and herbologists are concerned with the potion's use of Mandrakes, fluxweed, Alihotsy . . . all protected species." Waving his hand, he shook his head and continued, "In essence, the Sanguine Solvent is supposed to reduce physical and emotional pain by improving the drinker's mood. I was going to liken it to Healing Spells, but it's a rather flawed comparison—the Sanguine Solvent is awfully outdated, and most Healers believe that it only helps to numb the drinker instead of combating the ailment." Keeping their eyes on the professor as he paced to the other side of the room, the students watched silently until Aven turned and addressed them. "With that much said, who would like to attempt a casting of the book's first Healing Spell?" Starting with the rest of the class, Peter forgot to raise his hand as he protested. "But aren't you going to teach it to us first?" "Theory should be enough, shouldn't it?" Aven answered, shooting him an odd sort of look. "But Professor," Peter insisted, "how are we supposed to perform a Healing Spell if nobody's injured?" "I noticed that Lupin had a small gash on his cheek when he came in," Aven replied. "He must have scratched it up in Herbology a few days ago. What do you say, Lupin? Is it all right if Pettigrew has a go?" Turning to stare at Remus and Peter, James and Sirius held their breaths as Remus stared at the floor. After several long moments, he slid out of his chair and walked slowly to the front of the room, apparently unsure of how to refuse. Peter scurried after him, almost tripping over his own feet in his hurry, and the rest of the class looked on as Peter raised his wand towards Remus with a trembling hand. "Episkey!" he said, and a few of the students stifled their giggles as Remus remained unaffected by Peter's spell. Lowering his wand, Peter glanced at Professor Aven, but the wizard merely shook his head. "Go on, try again!" he urged. "No one is perfect the first time around!" Clearing his throat, Peter faced Remus again as the taller boy waited, clenching his fists. "Episkey!" Peter tried again, his wand jumping slightly, but nothing happened. Folding his arms over himself, Remus looked over at Professor Aven while Peter lowered his wand again. "I don't think I can do it," Peter mumbled to Aven, and Aven's gaze softened. "That's all right, Pettigrew. You don't have to try if you don't want to." Deflating more out of relief than embarrassment, Peter hurried back to his seat, the other students watching him with a pitying sort of quiet. Opening his mouth, Professor Aven seemed about to ask for another volunteer, but he soon checked himself as Remus thudded down into his chair. Executing a small sigh, Aven looked askance. "All right, that'll be it for today. Keep reading about Healing Spells, and practice the wand movements on your own. Your two essays are due next class, and don't forget to start researching the applications of hex-deflection." Standing up, the class gathered their belongings and left the room, James and his roommates exiting as soon as they could. Rapidly putting distance between them and the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, they did not slow as they headed towards the Great Hall for lunch. "That couldn't have ended any sooner," Remus spoke first, releasing a breath that he had been holding in the classroom. "Thanks for covering for me, Peter." "Er—sure thing," Peter responded, quickly looking away, and James and Sirius shared a dubious glance. Entering the Great Hall, James stared up at the leering pumpkin heads floating above the tables, still present from the recent Halloween feast. Remus had missed the meal due to the turning of the full moon on Halloween night, but the holiday had at least given him a plausible excuse for his disappearance, which he claimed was caused by a short visit to the Lupin residence. "What's that you've got there?" Sirius asked Remus as the four roommates sat down at the Gryffindor table, glancing Remus' way as he pulled out a wad of folded paper from inside his robes. "It's The Daily Prophet. An owl delivered it with breakfast this morning, but I haven't had the chance to read it yet," Remus replied, opening up the newspaper. "Has Puddlemere United won again?" James asked, leaning in, but he soon quieted as Remus' face fell. As the others watched him wordlessly, Remus pushed the newspaper away as if rejecting a foul supper. "What is it?" Peter inquired first. "There's been another werewolf attack," Remus answered in a small voice, and the others looked over his shoulder to read the article. Just under a lengthy excerpt about another of the Lucky Leprechauns' humbling defeats, James spotted the short paragraph that had disheartened Remus. Five Left Injured in Werewolf Assault on Halloween Night Another attack has caused unease in Mugeary, where resident wizards and witches reported a devastating werewolf mauling. Although the two werewolves appeared in a Muggle-infested part of town, only magical folk were harmed. Hit wizards tracked one of the creatures to a more deserted region, where it disappeared. Authorities are still on the lookout for any signs of the insurgent werewolves. Some cry Death Eater play. Surprised by the brevity of the article, James sat back and looked at Remus, who was still staring at the table. "Why the long face? You didn't hurt anyone!" "Yeah," Sirius agreed. "There's no need to get upset over it!" Shaking his head, Remus slouched even lower. "You don't understand. There's been stories like this all summer, and they're beginning to scare people. My family has had to move several times while I was home just to keep people from growing suspicious. If anyone found out about me now, word would spread like wildfire, and I'd never be able to come back to Hogwarts." "But it's not the werewolves' fault!" James protested. "It's not like they're purposely trying to bite people!" "No, but that doesn't mean that the rest of the world will believe it," Remus replied, tracing the dark lines on the wooden table. "And anyway, whoever attacked Mugeary should have kept themselves more safely guarded during the full moon. I don't blame them for hiding—Merlin knows what the Ministry would do to them if they turned themselves in—but these things shouldn't happen in the first place." Sinking onto the table, Remus crossed his arms under his chin as James patted his back. "If it's any consolation, we don't believe any of that Death Eater rubbish! The only organization that you would join is the Gobstones Club." Smiling slightly, Remus looked up at Peter as he spoke. "But why wouldn't The Daily Prophet confirm that the werewolves had joined He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named if they hate them so much?" Exchanging a look, James and Sirius frowned for a moment in silence. Finally, James nodded. "You're right. That is strange." "No, it isn't," Remus argued, sitting up again. "They don't have any proof." "I don't think they'd care about proof," James countered. "Earlier this year, The Daily Prophet almost said outright that the werewolves were working for Lord Voldemort—oh, don't be pathetic, Peter. But now, the Death Eaters were only mentioned at the very end of the article, almost like an afterthought. I thought for sure that The Daily Prophet was going to continue to pin the two together." "So why the change?" Sirius asked aloud, and the others thought silently before James pushed up from the table. "Lucky for us, there's someone in this school who might know," he announced, looking towards the High Table. "Dumbledore will be able to tell us!" "Great idea! Let's go ask him!" Sirius immediately supported, jumping up from his seat and grabbing The Daily Prophet. Watching his friends as they made to race off, Remus blinked before staring back down at the table. "You have fun with that, then," he sighed, resting his head in his arms again. Leaving him, James, Sirius, and Peter ran to catch up with the Headmaster as he left the High Table and walked towards the Great Hall's double doors, having finished mingling with the rest of the staff. Just as the wizened wizard exited into the hallway, James and his roommates finally waved him down, panting slightly. "Headmaster!" Sirius cried, forcing Dumbledore to pause and perform a half-turn. Stopping, James waited while Sirius took a large breath and shook the newspaper in his hand. "We have a question for you!" "Then by all means, satisfy your curiosity," Dumbledore invited in a deep voice, his half-moon spectacles glinting as he glanced down at the boys. "However, if you are wondering how Puddlemere United fared in last night's game, I am as much in the dark as you." Unable to stop a grin from breaking across his face, James waited as Sirius shook his head and unfolded the newspaper. "No, sir," he answered. "We saw an article about a werewolf attack in Mugeary, and some people seem to think that the werewolves are working for Lord Voldemort." Again, Peter flinched as Sirius ended, but Dumbledore simply nodded as James interrupted. "But earlier this year, The Daily Prophet had seemed pretty certain that the werewolves had joined the Death Eaters, so now it seems like they're backtracking." "Cynical of the press' objectivity?" Dumbledore inquired, and James thought that he might have been smiling behind his snow-white beard. "Can't they strike a balance when there are no facts to support a decision either way?" "We didn't figure that you would be too trusting of them, either," Sirius spoke, and the Headmaster's blue eyes sparkled briefly as he rested his hands behind his back. Giving the newspaper a shake, Sirius asked, "So why isn't The Daily Prophet saying anything for certain? It seems pretty simple to me: the werewolves are either working with the Death Eaters, or they aren't." Taking in the boys' inquisitive faces, Dumbledore did not respond right away, but instead rocked back and forth on his heels. Finally, he took in a breath and nodded slowly. "You're absolutely correct in your line of thinking. You have, in fact, pointed out the most important issue of this whole matter. The answer, one could say, lies within the question." When none of the trio replied, Dumbledore quizzed, "Who would be the first to know if someone was indeed affiliated with the Death Eaters: the Ministry, or everyone else?" "Well . . . I suppose that the Ministry would, at least after one or two people had told them so," James guessed. "And with that simple statement, you are telling me that the Ministry has the power to control the public's perception," Dumbledore told him succinctly. "Whatever The Daily Prophet reports, the people believe. And with the newspaper's confusion on this matter, I can infer with some certainty that the Ministry is trying to kill two owls with one spell, so to speak. Firstly, when the truth finally comes out, the press will sustain credibility no matter what the outcome. This, although the product of fair journalism in the first place, will certainly aid The Daily Prophet's circulation." "Secondly," he continued, "any of the reporters coming from the Ministry will have deep connections with Eugenia Jenkins, who, although a fair person in multiple regards, could be described as controlling. In her mind, the wizarding world should be as unruffled as possible in this time of war. Therefore, while the issue of the werewolves is still shrouded in mystery, Jenkins will want to placate the readers of The Daily Prophet while still demonizing Voldemort and his Death Eaters—thus the conflicting articles you have called to attention." "But that's rubbish!" James exclaimed. "If The Daily Prophet is going to jump back and forth like that, they're just going to end up confusing everyone!" "But as I pointed out, the press is not technically doing anything wrong," Dumbledore replied. "The media hangs in a very delicate balance, with each rule having several loopholes in which to work around it. Whether you believe it to be ethical or not, you have to appreciate the subtlety involved." "Headmaster, do you know if the werewolves have really joined the Death Eaters?" Sirius questioned, and James threw him a warning glance that he ignored. Shaking his head, Dumbledore smiled slightly. "I'm afraid that Eugenia has chosen to leave me to my own devices after frustrating her one too many times. Since I have not so much as been invited to examine the aftermath of a werewolf strike, I am simply working from what I gather from The Daily Prophet. I certainly have my conjectures, but they are only educated guesses at best." Nodding slowly, the boys began to back away until Dumbledore stopped them, raising a hand to stroke his bearded chin. "Was there a particular reason why you wanted to ask about the werewolves?" "No reason, sir!" James answered quickly, and Sirius and Peter immediately shook their heads. Peering at them intently for a moment, the Headmaster then smiled and raised his hand in farewell. "You'll be getting on to your classes, then," he told them before continuing down the hallway. Relaxing, James and the others breathed matching sighs before hurrying back to the Great Hall to reunite with Remus.
Flight and Fight Every afternoon of the following week, James attended Quidditch practice in preparation for Gryffindor's first game. Although none of the original team members had fully adjusted to their new Seeker's nagging presence, King was able to keep them from arguing outright during the practices. Still, Kennedy continued to pay more attention to the faults of the other players than the Golden Snitch, which worried James as the day of their first match drew closer. When Raul brought up this problem after their third training session, Kennedy merely answered with his usual confidence in his abilities, reminding the others about his impressive display of speed on their first day of practice and questioning Raul's experience as a Beater at the same time. In response, Raul nearly went at him with his bat, but King was able to stop him just in time. A few days before the weekend, Sirius, Remus, and Peter came to watch James practice his flight patterns on the pitch, which James had requested of them. No one else was on the field, and James spent an hour in the sky while his roommates gave him feedback from below, although only Sirius provided any real insight on James' technique. "You keep flying against the wind," Sirius told him when he landed for the fifth and final time. "You would go much faster if you let it push you along." "Aw, but it makes my hair look so much better!" James complained jokingly, running his hand through his already mussed-up hair. "It would get in my eyes otherwise!" "Wear a hat," Sirius suggested, shrugging. Shaking his head, James pretended to ignore his advice, but he reminded himself to pay attention to the wind during the game. "You looked great to me!" Peter told James as the four roommates started for the pitch's exit. "The Quaffle won't be going anywhere if you fly like that in the game!" "We'd better hurry," Remus spoke up, peering ahead. "The Slytherins have a practice scheduled in the next few minutes." Right on cue, a few Slytherins students stepped onto the field with their broomsticks hoisted over their shoulders, and Sirius turned to James with a smirk as they walked past. "Why don't we stick around to see how they're shaping up?" he suggested, and James chuckled as Marcus Mimbleton threw Sirius a glare. "Clear off—you'll have plenty of time to see us fly on Saturday," one of the Slytherin Chasers, Evan Rosier, threatened as he overheard. To James, he added, "And you'd better hope that your fool of a Seeker is ready to face our man in a few days. He's got a nasty surprise waiting for him if he isn't." Glaring at the Slytherins as they stalked off, James watched their progress as Peter spoke. "Who do you think they found this year?" "Eh, it hardly matters," James replied, shouldering his own broom. "Whoever he is, he won't be able to beat our Chasers." Nevertheless, as he and his roommates put the Slytherins behind them, James could not help but feel a pang of worry at Rosier's remark, since his own fears about Kennedy were not fully resolved. Still, as much as he hated to think the best of Gryffindor's new Seeker, he reminded himself of Kennedy's undeniable skill. Feeling a bead of sweat creep down his forehead after his hour-long flight, James tried to resolve the creeping feeling in his gut. On Saturday morning, James ate breakfast with his roommates in the Great Hall, afterwards leaving them behind to arrive at the pitch half an hour early for the game. Joining the rest of the Quidditch team in the locker rooms, he dressed in his uniform as King stood off to the side, staring at the wall. Chatting with the other players as he prepared, James wondered if King was feeling nervous at all for his first match as Captain, but he soon dismissed the idea as King turned and addressed the others. "I don't expect any trouble from the Chasers or Keeper," he said, commanding everyone's attention. "We know their moves, and we've been able to beat them before." Looking at Kennedy, he told him, "Cassius, your one job is to look for the Snitch. Is that understood?" "Of course," Kennedy replied with a smile, and James only resisted the urge to smack off his smirk with his broomstick when he remembered that Gryffindor needed a Seeker to win the fast-approaching match. "And although I'm sure I don't need to tell you, I'm going to say it anyway," King added, pausing just in front of the door. "Remember the first rule of playing against Slytherin: don't let Vanity get to you." Leading the team out onto the pitch, King marched towards the Slytherin players as they entered the field, Captain Emma Vanity striding in the front. Turning to the stands, James waved at the Gryffindor students and spotted his roommates cheering near the top half, accompanied by his parents. Looking back at the Slytherins, James waited for King and Vanity to shake hands, the latter sending King a flashing smile. "Good luck today," she told him as they released grips, her golden hair sparkling in the bright sun. "You're going to need it." Keeping his face expressionless, King stepped back as Instructor Zunderfield, the referee, directed both of the teams onto their brooms. However, as King moved away, James spotted a familiar face among the rival players and could not stop a gasp from moving up his throat. "You? You're the new Seeker?" Shooting him a dark look, Regulus did not reply as Frank pulled James away. "Come on, we're about to start!" Unable to take his eyes off of Regulus, James did not respond until the Slytherin player had risen into the air with the rest of his team. Mounting his broom, James followed Frank into the sky just before Instructor Zunderfield blew his whistle. "Here, James!" Hearing King's yell, James shook off his lingering shock just in time to grab the Quaffle from his teammate. Chancing a glance up at the Seekers as he raced towards the Slytherin goalposts, James spotted Regulus zipping back and forth on his broom while Kennedy eyed the progression of the Quaffle from farther away. Attempting to shake off his wandering thoughts, James threw the ball to Frank, but his hand slipped and caused the Quaffle to travel a few meters short of its mark, landing instead into Mimbleton's grasp. Growling, James turned tail and zoomed in the other direction, fighting to gain ground on the Slytherin Chasers while they avoided Frank and King. A few moments later, James let out a hiss as the Quaffle sailed past Joseph into one of Gryffindor's goalposts. "Watch your throw, James!" King called to him, and James slowed as Joseph dove to retrieve the Quaffle. Glancing up once again at the Seekers, he gritted his teeth when he spotted Kennedy staring right at him, evidently unconcerned with the hunt for the Snitch. Spinning around, James tried to coax his mind back into the next few plays, but he contributed little to the rapid exchanging of the Quaffle. Every time he glimpsed the back of Regulus' head flash past by, the sheer oddity of seeing Sirius' brother in the air always managed to slow James' flight. Unfortunately, his distraction did not go unnoticed for long, and King soon waved James down after the Captain scored Gryffindor's first goal of the game. "Is something wrong, James?" he asked, and James shook his head rapidly. Frowning, King gave him a closer look. "You're not nervous, are you? Your throws have been off." "It's nothing!" James insisted, resisting the urge to kick himself. "I'm fine!" Hovering by his side, Frank tilted his head. "Are you sure? I haven't seen you this disjointed during a game since the rainstorm last year." "I'm fine, really!" James repeated, and King gave him one last look before flying off towards the center of the pitch. "Well, if you're sure you're okay," Frank said slowly, giving him a close stare. "But if you could keep up with us, we could really use your help out there." Throwing a glance over his shoulder at the Seekers, Frank took a moment's pause; stiffening, James thought that he had discovered the source of his agitation, but Frank soon turned around again. "I don't want to doubt our new Seeker," he continued in a low voice, "but I'm a bit worried that Kennedy won't be able to come through for the Snitch at the end. I'd certainly feel a lot better if we pulled ahead of Slytherin while we can, just in case." Relaxing slightly, James shot a glance up at Kennedy where he sat nearly motionless on his broom, and he turned a nod at Frank. "Right," he agreed, setting his jaw. "Let's win this thing!" Brightening at James' sudden change of attitude, Frank followed him towards the middle of the field. Positioning himself in front of Rosier, James stared the enemy Chaser down until both teams were in flight again. Dodging a rogue Bludger, James took the Quaffle from King and dove to avoid Vanity's attack, drawing a roar of approval from the stands. As he approached the golden hoops at the end of the field, he tossed the Quaffle to Frank and zoomed to the side. Frank soon threw the ball back to James for the trick play, and James chucked the Quaffle into the left goalpost with all his might. "Gryffindor goes up by ten points!" Eric Thompson, the student commentator, announced from a high tower overlooking the field. "They still have forty points to go if they want to catch up to Slytherin, but it looks like Potter is back in the game!" Raising his fist towards the commentator's box as the crowd applauded, James flew back to join Frank and King until Kennedy suddenly appeared by his side, raising his white-gloved hand to stop him. "Potter? Might I have a word?" Giving the Seeker his best glare, James snapped, "We're in the middle of a game! Shouldn't you be—" "I couldn't help but notice that your flying has been a little slow," Kennedy interrupted as if he had not heard James at all. "If you flew with the wind instead of flying against it, you might be able to—" "WHAT?" James shouted, putting his hand to his ear and flying with more urgency. "I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" "I SAID THAT YOU—" Kennedy yelled back, but James lifted his hands in a shrug and zipped off, leaving the Seeker in his wake. Rolling his eyes, James clenched his broom handle and put as much distance as possible between him and his teammate. Queuing up with the other Chasers, he soon joined in the midair struggle for the Quaffle, but his lingering irritation caused him to miss a catch from Frank, allowing Vanity to grab the ball instead. Vexed by his helplessness to aid his teammates, James sat back on his broom as Slytherin scored once again. His eyes flitted up towards Kennedy, and he immediately wished that they hadn't; paired with the Seeker's usual raised eyebrow, Kennedy's mouth had twisted into an expression much like that of Remus' whenever James and Sirius landed in another detention. Barely able to fight his instinct to ram into Kennedy, James spun around with a scowl and forced himself back into the play. Surprisingly, his frustration paid off in the form of powerful throws and incredible speed even for his Airwake, although his aim was a bit lacking. Once, he almost pummeled King in the temple when he tried to exchange the Quaffle, and Rosier managed to snatch the ball after King fumbled with the unexpected catch. Thankfully, Michael slowed Rosier with an expertly-aimed Bludger, and Frank recovered the ball before the Chaser could pass it to Mimbleton. "Send it home, James!" Frank called out a few minutes afterwards, alerting James to his throw before he threw the Quaffle in his direction. Snatching the ball, James sped towards the Slytherin goalposts and found himself fighting the wind. Choosing to ignore its resistance at the thought of Kennedy, he continued on his path of travel and reached the other end of the field slightly ahead of Vanity and Rosier, who swished forward to intercept the ball as James let it go. The Quaffle slipped right past their outstretched hands and even past the Keeper, but it bounced off the golden metal of the left hoop. Even so, James turned up a smirk at Kennedy as the ball fell away, feeling that the force of his throw had proved his merit. "JAMES, LOOK OUT!" Banking to the side, James heeded Frank's cry and tore away from the incoming Bludger, which had been hit by one of the Slytherin Beaters. In his hurry to avoid the incoming missile, he nearly bowled Vanity over in midair, only just missing her when she let out a short scream and swerved to the side. However, the Bludger seemed intent on following James, and he had to complete a sharp dive when it became clear that he needed to shake it off. Unprepared for his change of direction, the Bludger throttled right over his head and towards Kennedy, who only spotted the danger since he had been watching the Chasers instead of searching for the Snitch. When he swiveled back into an upright position, his uniform slightly disheveled after the close miss, Kennedy shot a glare at James. "Are you trying to get somebody hurt?" he spat. "I wouldn't have minded if I did," James retorted a little too loudly, and Kennedy glowered at him as James shook off his brief flight and flew back to join the other Chasers. King glanced over at the two players as they separated, but James ignored him as Kennedy zoomed off down the pitch and finally seemed to put some effort into his task. Unbothered by any more unwanted comments for the moment, James flew without hindrance for the next several plays, and Gryffindor began to gain some ground on the opposition. Working with King and Frank, James was able to keep the Quaffle outside of scoring distance from the Gryffindor goalposts, and he even managed to forget about Regulus as he helped score one goal after another. Fully focused, James gave Frank a thumbs-up when the fifth-year scored another ten points, and he intercepted a pass from Rosier a few moments later and joined the other Chasers on the race towards the Slytherin Keeper. Before they could reach the goalposts, however, James glanced up when a collective gasp rose from the spectators. "It looks like Black's spotted the Snitch!" Thompson exclaimed from the spectator's box, and James watched as Regulus tore across the pitch in a seemingly random direction, his thin body pressed tightly against his broom handle. Shooting into motion a moment later, Kennedy flew after the smaller Seeker, and James chanced a glance up at the scoreboard. Feeling his heart skip a beat, he realized that their score was not high enough to secure Gryffindor a win if Kennedy missed the Snitch, and he flew faster towards the goalposts in front of him. Ducking under Vanity, he lobbed the Quaffle up at Frank, who had to double back when Rosier and Mimbleton cornered him. Circling around with him, James and King waited for him to pass the ball, but Rosier blocked King's path moments before Frank could throw the Quaffle to him. Switching targets as King drew Rosier away, Frank tossed the ball towards James, who caught it and dove at the newly-opened route in front of the Slytherin hoops. About to let the Quaffle fly at the right goalpost, James felt his hair whip into his face with a sudden rush of wind in front of him, and he only had a split second to marvel at the speed of Regulus' passage before a heavy body slammed into his side. Letting go of the ball, he snarled at Kennedy as they both recovered a few meters from where they had crashed into each other. "What's your problem?" James snapped, feeling his loathing for the Seeker boil to a mounting point inside his chest. "Didn't you see me? You're supposed to be looking for the Snitch!" "Actually, you were the one who got in my way," Kennedy responded, pulling up his collar as he glared back at James. "Get back out there!" James commanded, jabbing his finger at Regulus' now-distant form. "It's too late to catch up now!" Kennedy objected, stating the obvious as he refused to heed James' quickly-growing rage. Turning up his nose, Kennedy accused, "If you weren't such an oaf out on the field, maybe Gryffindor would have a chance at the Cup!" With the abruptness of a breaking bone, James felt something inside of him snap, and he lunged at Kennedy with all of his might as the crowd yelled out. A little ways above him, James heard King's deep voice bellow out, but he ignored him as he let out his wrath on the Gryffindor Seeker. Falling several meters as their brooms became entangled, James and Kennedy pummeled each other on their way to the ground, and James only pushed away when he hit the grass with an unexpectedly hard thud. Rolling to his feet, he started at Kennedy as he started to rise, but he was soon stopped by a yell from King as the Captain landed and stomped towards him, fists clenched. "JAMES! CASSIUS!" he boomed, making James pause and steel his fists. Lifting his chin, James stared back at King as Kennedy scrambled to his feet to meet the fast-approaching Captain. King's eyes were flashing a deep red, but James did not care: he only felt satisfaction that he had at last beaten the smile off of Kennedy's face. However, all of James' anger disappeared when King thrust a finger up into the air at Regulus, who was holding up the fluttering wings of the Golden Snitch. His heart falling, James listened to the cheering onlookers before King changed the direction of his pointing finger and indicated the locker rooms. "GET INSIDE!" Clenching his jaw, James spun on his heel and marched towards the locker rooms with his Airwake. Leaving the clamorous pitch behind, he stomped into the dark underside of the stadium and slammed his fist against the nearest locker, feeling the cold metal bend under the weight of his hand. Pressing his forehead against his clenched fist, he breathed in and out heavily as he listened to the muted applause of the spectators outside, wishing that they could all just leave and give the place some quiet. No one came to join him for a few minutes, and he eventually sank down onto the cement floor and wrapped his arms around his knees. Days seemed to pass, but James was grateful for whatever was keeping Kennedy from joining him in the empty room. If he had to look at the Seeker's self-satisfied smirk one more time that day, James felt sure that he would jump on him again without a second thought. Still, when King finally entered with the other players, James felt his throat tighten as he rose. "I cannot believe your behavior!" King erupted at James and Kennedy. "You very well may have cost us the game, and you've made the team a laughingstock in front of the whole school! James, as if your attitude wasn't bad enough—" "He's the one who's been causing all the problems!" James interrupted, pointing at Kennedy, but he snapped his mouth shut at the look on King's face. "I don't want to hear what went on between you two!" he berated, and James knew that he meant it. "You're both at fault here, and I expect better of my own teammates! But since you obviously can't be trusted to behave yourselves on the field, I'll have to think up a way to fix your mistakes before you can embarrass the rest of us again. If I had anyone else remotely qualified to take your places, I would have you both kicked off the team." Lowering his gaze, James scowled at the ground as the other players looked away. Taking in a long breath, King narrowed his eyes at James and Kennedy. "But seeing as how I can't do that, I'm simply going to put you two under probation. One more wrong move, and I won't hesitate to remove you from the next game. We don't need all seven members to play." Yeah, but it's still tactical suicide, James thought, but he was glad that he was not holding a Venus Thought-Trap. "We'll discuss this more at the next practice," King stated. "And by the way, James, Professor McGonagall wants to see you for blatching." Knowing full well that he would receive at least a week's worth of detention for instigating a brawl with Kennedy, James sighed and headed for the door, brushing past the other players. Avoiding all of their gazes, he took care not to brush against Kennedy's shoulder on the way out, and he trooped towards McGonagall where the Deputy Headmistress was waiting for him out on the pitch. Twenty minutes and one heated lecture later, James left the empty field, his ire now faded away into gloom as he joined Sirius, who alone waited for him by the stands. As they trekked back to the faraway castle, Sirius kept quiet and let the lapping of the lake fill the silence. Finally, James spoke up. "Where are my parents?" "They left after mine showed up to congratulate Regulus," Sirius responded, glaring at the ground. "My mum would have started a row, and they thought it best that they didn't make today any worse." Sneering at the grass suddenly, he kicked at it and caused a chunk of dirt to fly into the air. "I can't believe that my prat of a brother didn't bother telling me that he would be flying against my best mate today. And of course my parents didn't write me, either—nah, they would rather just arrive on the field unannounced, applauding Regulus for his mediocre Quidditch skills. Merlin, I would rather they just send me another Howler." His own melancholy lessening somewhat, James decided not to argue for Regulus' indisputable talent in the air. "At least you don't have detention until Christmas," James replied. "I think that King might even kick me off of the team if I say one more bad thing about that Kennedy git." "That bad, eh?" Sirius asked, giving James a sideways glance. "Well, if it makes you feel any better, your father said that Kennedy's face looked like a Kneazle had gotten at him in a wrong way, and that it was no wonder his personality was left a few marks short of a normal person's." Cracking a grin despite himself, James huffed and ran a hand through his unkempt hair. "Well, at least I can say that I've knocked him up a bit. It was rather satisfying." "See?" Sirius told him, smiling. "And you won't be serving detention alone." When James frowned at him, he explained, "We have our two-way mirrors, don't we? You can just talk with me when no one's watching." "Thanks," James responded, grateful that he at least still had Sirius on his side. "Is Remus mad?" he inquired after a moment's thought. "A little shaken about the fight, but not angry," Sirius answered, smirking slightly. "Actually, he was furious with Kennedy after he collided with you. According to Remus, he's as daft as a bat with a blindfold, and he deserves a good strike with the Confundus Charm. Still, he and your mum asked me to make sure that you were all right after hitting the ground at that speed." "I'm all right, but I hope that the impact did something to fix Kennedy's big head," James said, grinning. "I'll just tell Remus myself when I get back. Thanks for waiting for me." "No problem," Sirius told him. "I figured that you would need someone to cheer you up after meeting with McGonagall." Smiling, James nudged him on the arm as they continued towards the castle, feeling good enough to at last raise his head as the two of them trudged past the lake.
Happy Halloween, everyone! An Unwitting Mistake When classes started again the next week, James spent the first Monday evening scrubbing out the inner walls of the Astronomy Tower, a time-consuming task that lasted until far past nightfall. Thankfully, he was able to pass the hours whispering with Sirius through their two-way mirrors whenever Filch looked the other way; even when Mrs. Norris turned her yellow eyes on James, he and Sirius were able to communicate through facial gestures and muffled laughter, which nearly enabled Filch to sniff out James' source of amusement a few different times before the night had ended. Although James was scheduled to clean the rest of the Astronomy Tower before the holidays arrived, he was pleased with Professor McGonagall's foresight in having him and Kennedy serve their punishments on opposite sides of the castle. Remembering his, Sirius', and Peter's detention with Hogwarts' biggest gossip last year, he knew he could have it worse. But as fate would have it, he survived the first night of detention with a sporting manifestation of exhaustion the following morning, when he joined the other fourth-year Gryffindors for Charms class. "Protego!" Professor Flitwick demonstrated for the students, flicking his wand as high as his voice. Jumping from his wand-tip, a shimmering wall of blue light appeared between him and the rows of desks, staying in place while the watching students oohed. "The Shield Charm is normally invisible, but I conjured a material form so that you could glimpse its makeup," Flitwick explained, waddling out from behind the shield, which stretched a fair ten centimeters above his head. "Depending on the strength of the hex used against the Shield Charm, the offensive spell could dissipate, glance off, or even shoot back at the attacker. Why don't you get into pairs and try it yourselves? You can use a simple Knockback Jinx to test out your charms' solidity." Quickly rising from their seats, the students got into pairs as Professor Flitwick evaporated his Shield Charm with a slash of his wand. Joining his roommates near the back of the room, James tested out the charm with his drawn wand, producing a layer of transparent, water-like film between him and Peter. Frowning, he banished the charm with another wave as Remus sneezed. "Sorry," he told the others, wiping his nose with the back of his hand as Peter jumped. "I think yesterday's Bubotubers are still bothering me." "They were bothering everyone!" Sirius said, referencing the black, slug-like plants that they studied the day before in Herbology. "If I hadn't let go of my plant when I had, it would have spurted its pus all over my face! Did you see what it did to Newshod's hands?" "I don't fancy Madam Pomfrey's job," James agreed, remembering with a shudder. The boils had grown to the size of Alice's eyes before she was ushered out to the hospital wing. "I'm halfway surprised that the Bubotubers didn't get you," Sirius commented, turning to Peter. "You're usually the sort of person to get hit by bad luck." "If he hadn't been standing a unicorn's length away from the nearest plant, he might be stuck in the hospital wing, too," Remus spoke up with a slight raise of his eyebrow, making James and Sirius laugh as Peter flushed. "I was sure that it was going to explode if I touched it!" Peter defended himself. "Anyone would have thought the same thing, the way that it was jiggling!" "Just tell us that when you get your Herbology marks back," James answered, and he turned to face Lily where she was partnered with Hillary on the other end of the room. "Hey, Evans! Is Newshod holding up all right?" "Why would you care?" Lily asked back in a raised voice. "You haven't even so much as mentioned her since yesterday." "I just miss seeing her with you, that's all," James replied, smirking. "You always look so much taller when she's standing next to—" Ducking, James barely had time to clear his head of Lily's Knockback Jinx as she shot it across the room, one eye closed in concentration. Unprepared for the sudden action, Peter yelped and fell over as the jinx barreled towards Remus, who summoned a fully-formed Shield Charm just in time to defend himself. Nodding with a smile when her spell dissipated, Lily turned back towards Hillary and went on ignoring James and his friends. "Blimey, nice aim!" James commented, rubbing the top of his head as he stood again, grinning in Lily's direction. However, he soon froze when he spotted his roommates' expressions, which ranged from confusion to Sirius' look of near-revulsion. "What is it?" James asked. "Are you feeling all right?" Remus inquired. "What? Of course I am!" James defended, glancing between his friends' faces. "Just making sure," Remus responded with a shrug, and he turned away so that he could conjure another Shield Charm. Feeling unnaturally hot around his neck, James threw another glance at Sirius, but his best mate only looked away and beckoned at Peter to defend himself with a Shield Charm. Pairing up with Remus, James tried to focus on the lesson for the better part of an hour. By the end of the lesson, James had improved his Shield Charm to a near-invisible sheen, and he followed his classmates outside at Professor Flitwick's dismissal. "James, do you think that you could show me the Shield Charm later this week in the common room?" Peter asked, dragging his left leg after a hard hit from one of Sirius' Knockback Jinxes. "I don't want to take remedial lessons, and you had one of the best Shield Charms in the class!" Fighting a sigh, James tried to think of a way to refuse Peter's request. "Why don't you let Remus do it?" he responded, turning towards the mentioned party. "Yours was just as good as mine, and you don't have Quidditch practices to attend." "Or detentions," Remus added, which made James smirk. Growing serious, Remus looked down at the ground. "I don't really think that I have the time, Peter. I've got enough homework with Study of Ancient Runes, and the full moon's coming up." "Please?" Peter whined. "It won't be any trouble! It won't even take an afternoon to show me! I promise I'll get it down before an hour's done!" Biting his lip, Remus seemed about to respond in the negative just before Sirius opened his mouth. "Why don't you ask Evans?" he spoke up, glancing over at Peter and James. "She didn't seem to be having any trouble with it. Just ask James—his eyes were stuck to her side of the room the entire period." "No, they weren't," James disagreed, glaring at Sirius, but he added a small chuckle when Remus and Peter looked his way. "Come on, mates! I was just bored, and I wanted to see if anyone would miss me if I slipped out early!" Still staring at him, his friends narrowed their eyes, and James felt the back of his neck begin to moisten beneath his tangled hair. Eventually tearing his eyes away from James, Peter addressed the others. "Shouldn't we head down the stairs? Potions is that way." Halting abruptly, the others realized that they had already passed the doorway that led to the dungeon level. Backtracking, they jogged down a dimly-lit flight of stairs until they reached the lowest floor of the castle, where they trotted hurriedly towards the Potions classroom. With just a moment to spare, they reached their desks before Professor Slughorn called the students to attention, which he did by tapping a ladle on a bubbling brass cauldron on his desk. "Attention everyone!" Slughorn boomed, rapping the cauldron's side until the Gryffindors and Slytherins had quieted down. "We're going to be attempting to brew the next potion in our textbook today: the Wit-Sharpening Potion! It's a relatively simple exercise, at least for those of you who successfully prepared the Contemplation Concoction last month . . ." Snorting, James turned to Sirius to crack a joke about their less-than-expert attempt at the previous month's assignment, but Sirius did not catch his eye and instead continued to stare straight ahead at the far wall. Sitting back with a frown, James turned back towards the barrel-chested Potions professor. ". . . but for those of you still struggling with the basics of rationale-based elixirs, not to fear! There are only three ingredients necessary for the potion, so keep your measuring bowls close by as you rotate between them! Wands out, and get to work!" Preparing his armadillo bile for the beginning of yet another undoubtedly tortuous lesson, James barely had time to place his ingredients on the desk before a cough caught his attention from the table next to his. Looking up, he met the leering gazes of Snape and Wilkes, who regarded him with the exact sort of smiles that James had learned to distrust. "What's the matter? Do I look especially dashing today?" James inquired, throwing them a grin. "I noticed that you're looking a little tired," Wilkes replied, his smile exposing his gleaming teeth. "Could it possibly be from your detention last night?" Clicking his tongue, Snape shook his head in mock pity. "It's a sad thing, fighting your own teammate on the field. How is Gryffindor ever supposed to recover from their embarrassment, not to mention their crushing loss?" As he and Wilkes sniggered, James slowly felt his grin fade into a scowl. "Big talk coming from a House that hasn't won the Cup since our first year! What was it like winning a match for once? Your common room must have been wild that night, if any of your mates actually know how to have a good time." "We were certainly having a better night than you were," Snape responded. "Did I hear correctly that your Captain nearly sacked you? I'm not entirely sure that he shouldn't have—there are loads of first-years who could replace your talentless hide in a heartbeat." Bristling, James gripped his wand. "How about you try and stay up in the air long enough for me to take a Beater's bat to the side of your slimy head?" he growled. "Boys, boys!" Professor Slughorn interrupted before either of the Slytherins could respond, stepping between them and James. "Less chatter and more chopping! I want to see those potions glimmering on my desk at the end of the period! Hurry up, now!" Slowly peeling his glare away from Snape as Slughorn moved aside, James threw a handful of ginger root into his cauldron as the professor waddled off. However, he only had a few moments to work on his potion before Snape and Wilkes started snickering again, causing James to grip his wand handle on instinct. "Potter's looking pretty riled, Severus!" Wilkes spoke up just loudly enough for James to hear. "There must be some truth to him almost getting kicked off the team, after all!" Leaning over his desk, Snape sneered at James and said, "Take away your Airwake, and you're nothing more than a mediocre flyer with a head as big as your mouth." Standing up, James turned his wand on the two hecklers, but Professor Slughorn spotted his movement out of the corner of his eye. "Mr. Potter, sit down and get to work!" he exclaimed rather severely, his eyes popping when he saw that James had not obeyed him. Sinking back down into his chair, James gritted his teeth and glared at Snape and Wilkes. "I bet that you wouldn't be so confident if you didn't have Professor Slughorn to hide behind," James accused with a hiss. "It's like the Hogwarts Express all over again, isn't it? You won't pick a fight unless it's already rigged in your favor!" "Speak for yourself," Wilkes goaded, leaning back on his chair with a smirk. "You don't go anywhere without Black at your side. It must have been a real shock to be bested by his little brother at the last match, wasn't it?" Rising to his feet again, James caused several of the other students to turn his way as Professor Slughorn spun around, his face purple. "Take your seat, Mr. Potter! If I see you fool around one more time, I'll take twenty points from Gryffindor and send you straight to your Head of House!" Plopping down into his chair, James attempted to ignore Snape's taunting whisper by staring at his open textbook, unable to take in any of the information. "Too scared to do anything in front of Slughorn?" Snape teased. "You're showing an uncanny amount of discernment, Potter!" "I didn't know that it was possible for him to keep quiet for more than a few seconds!" Wilkes told his Housemate, chortling as James' jaw twitched. Following a glance over his shoulder, which showed Slughorn watching him out of the corner of his eye, James decided to wait until the period had ended before taking his revenge. After every minute or two, either Snape or Wilkes would find something else nasty to say, chuckling to themselves when James' knuckles turned white from clenching his fists. Unable to focus on his Wit-Sharpening Potion, James ended up guessing at the amount of ground scarab beetles to mix in, which caused his solution to turn a light yellow instead of a deep red. His jaw tightened with each passing jab that Snape and Wilkes threw at him, and he concluded the lesson by stirring his elixir far more vigorously than necessary, which at least darkened the potion a few values. Eventually giving up, he started to bottle up his potion, but he accidentally spilled a few drops on his robes as Snape walked past him with a harsh whisper. "Might want to save a bit of that for later, eh, Potter?" Scowling at Snape's back, James brushed off his robes while Wilkes smirked at him and joined his Housemate in front of Professor Slughorn's desk to drop off their potions. After envisioning what Snape would look like blasted off of his feet, James paused and glanced back at the Slytherin' abandoned cauldrons. Moving fast as an idea struck him, he scooped up a vial of Snape's potion, knowing full well that his own was probably not potent in its sorry state. Rushing up to the front of the room, James deposited his own vial onto Slughorn's desk while pocketing Snape's, and to his relief, no one seemed to notice his stolen prize. As Snape and Wilkes exited the classroom in front of him, James ran back to his desk and tapped Sirius to follow him. "What's going on, mate?" Sirius asked as they slipped out into the hallway ahead of their other Housemates. "Just watch this!" James answered, taking out Snape's potion and downing it in one gulp. Breaking into a jog, he pulled out his wand and ran to catch up to Snape and Wilkes. "Oi, Snivy!" he called out as he and Sirius broke out into the Entrance Hall, and Snape turned around just as James blasted a spell at his feet. "Provolvo!" Falling over thin air, Snape caught himself as he hit the ground, and a few of the other students in the corridor could not help but laugh at his sudden descent. Rolling into a sitting position, he sneered as James approached, and Sirius issued a laugh while Wilkes watched from farther away. "Come to prove our point?" Wilkes goaded James. "You really can't handle anything without brute force, can you?" "Sit down, Beetle-Brain," James told him, flicking his wand and making the Slytherin hit the ground next to Snape as another burst of laughter echoed through the hallway. Glancing over his shoulder, James saw Remus and Peter walk into view with their other classmates. As James had expected, Lily pushed through the crowd just a few moments later, and James grinned back down at the fallen Slytherins, keeping his wand trained on Wilkes to keep him from rising as Lily quickly stomped up to him. "What are you doing, Potter?" she demanded. "We haven't been let out of class five minutes, and you're already picking fights!" "What can I say? I don't waste time," James replied, and Peter moved forward to watch the action with the others in the hallway. Staying put, Remus looked at the ground and looked very much as if he wanted to leave the room. Nodding at Lily, Wilkes told James, "The little red-head has a point, you know. I'd swear that you didn't know how to keep your temper in check if you didn't get along with that blood traitor Black so well." Putting away his wand as Sirius crossed his arms, James raised his empty hands. "Hey, I'll strike a deal with you: to show that I'm fair-minded, I'll let us settle this without our wands, just you two and me. How does that sound? Seem fair to you, Evans?" Narrowing her eyes, Lily started to object. "Potter—" "No tricks, just an honest battle of wits!" James attested, and Sirius grinned knowingly at him as Snape and Wilkes stood. Convinced that Snape's Wit-Sharpening Potion had started to kick in, James waved the Slytherins on. "Go ahead! Tell everyone here exactly what you said to me in class." "We said that you're a talentless Quidditch player who hides behind your mates," Wilkes stated matter-of-factly, crossing his arms. A few gasps rose from the crowd, and the onlookers all turned to face James; although a bit surprised by Wilkes' bravery, James nevertheless kept a smile on his lips as he stared back at the Slytherins. "Anything to add, Snivellus?" James inquired, and Snape raised a dark eyebrow. "No, that just about covers it," he responded, to which the surrounding students started whispering among themselves quietly. Watching James with a blank face, Lily folded her arms as James smirked at the Slytherins. "And I say that it takes a coward to know one!" James announced. "What were you two prats just doing back in the dungeons, eh? Not too keen on mouthing off when you don't have a professor to fall back on, are you?" "If you haven't noticed, Potter, there aren't any professors around at the moment," Wilkes replied, fighting back a yawn, "and we weren't afraid to tell the whole room what we thought of you just now, were we?" Realizing his mistake, James quickly backtracked as some of the nearby students exchanged glances. "Er, I meant that you always have your own mates to back you up," he corrected. "That brute Mulciber and your bird-faced pal Avery are never more than a yell away, are they?" "They've already gone on ahead," Wilkes answered back, still staring at James as if putting up with an unruly Clabbert. "Will you just get to the point already, or have you got one?" Shrinking slightly, James felt his face heat up as the watching students giggled around him. Racking his brain for a response, he realized with mounting panic that he could not come up with one, and he paused for a humiliating amount of time while the spectators laughed still more loudly. Frozen, James glanced at Sirius, who gave him the same look that he once sent Peter when he asked for the difference between a Basilisk and a regular snake. Smirking, Snape finally spoke up and called everyone's focus back to him. "Thought that you would try and give your mind an edge, didn't you?" he inquired of James, and James felt his stomach drop. "I knew that you would filch some of my Wit-Sharpening Potion if I turned my back, so I tainted it after collecting some to turn in. You should find it hard to think straight for the next few hours or so, which will serve you right for stealing someone else's classwork." Flushing even more as the students continued to laugh at his predicament, James glanced over at his Housemates. Peter's mouth had fallen open, but Lily was wearing an expression much like that of Wilkes' aloof stare. At the cold look from her green eyes, James whirled on Snape with a snarl. "Slugulus Eructo!" James shouted, drawing out his wand and pointing it at Snape. Unprepared for James' sudden movement, Snape did not have time to dodge the spell as it hit him squarely in the chest and made him keel over onto his knees. Making a hideous retching sound, the greasy-haired boy opened his mouth to let out six or so bloated slugs, which hit the stone floor with ghastly squelching noises. "Potter, you said that you wouldn't use your wand!" Lily yelled as several of the nearest students cried out and leapt back from Snape. "He broke the rules first!" James accused, holding his wand over Snape's head as the scrawny boy let loose another rain of slugs. "You said nothing about potions!" Lily shouted back, her fists clenched, and James let out a small hiss as he ignored her. Looking up at James murderously, Snape soon bowed to the earth again as he belched out a pair of banana slugs between his hands. Stepping back from his Housemate with a wrinkled nose, Wilkes sniffed at Snape's quaking form and turned his blond head. "Have fun cleaning up that mess," he spoke before starting off down the Entrance Hall. "Coward!" James yelled out after his retreating back, but Wilkes ignored him as he slipped off out of view. Heaving, Snape loosed another dozen slugs as Lily turned her bared teeth on James. "Let him up! He's got to go see Madam Pomfrey!" "Nah, let him be!" Sirius replied, laughing. "I haven't had this much fun watching somebody lose their lunch since Peter got sick during a Quidditch scrimmage!" Turning bright red to match her hair, Lily slowly pulled out her wand and held it in her quivering fist; looking on, the other students watched carefully for her next move. "Let him go, Potter! Don't make me fight you!" Lily snarled. James glanced at her furious expression as Snape continued to convulse horridly in front of them, unable to stand or speak, though James felt sure that he would have grabbed his wand if the continual downpour of slugs was not keeping him from casting an incantation. Staring back at Lily's unrelenting gaze, James wavered for a moment before readjusting his wand to point at Snape resolutely. "Come on, Evans, are you really going to fight me?" he asked, shaking his head. "I've never seen you so much as aim your wand at another student!" "Er, she nearly downed you with a Knockback Jinx today, mate," Sirius reminded James in a whisper, and James felt his confidence melt as Lily raised her wand to chest height. "Let him go!" she spoke through clenched teeth. "I'll count to three: one, two . . ." Freezing, both James and Sirius regarded her with the slightest bit of reverent fear, and James burst out, "Wait just a moment, Evans—" "Petrificus Totalus!" Lily yelled, and James, expecting the spell, quickly took his own wand off of Snape. "Protego!" he responded, and Lily's spell glanced away from James just in time, hurtling towards the back wall. Meeting the four towering hourglasses that documented the school's House Points, it smashed into the Slytherin glass and caused a shower of bright green emeralds to cascade out of place while James and Sirius shielded their faces. Crying out, the other students backed away from the green avalanche as it slowed to a halt just in front of Snape's retching form. Lowering his hands as a stray emerald bounced against his foot, James stared up at the shattered column of glass with his mouth hanging open. "Merlin's beard," Sirius muttered, and James turned to see Lily aiding Snape to his feet, the hook-nosed boy looking even sallower than usual. Deciding not to intervene, James cast a glance over his shoulder at the broken hourglass and smirked. "Well, if you aren't going to clean this up, Evans, someone has to," he spoke up, gesturing at the mess. "I don't know where all the emeralds are supposed to go, though . . . I suppose I'll just have to guess, then." Lifting his wand, he started directing the emeralds back into the giant glass ellipses using the Levitation Charm, sending hundreds more than necessary into the upper half of the hourglass to retract Slytherin's points. As Snape and Lily glared at him from behind, he narrated, "Any decent prefect would have taken off points for attempted poisoning, so you can thank yourself for that, Snivellus. And I'll give your House a few dozen less for . . . er . . ." Drawing a blank, James huffed and shook his head to clear it. "Just for being Slytherin, I suppose." Once he had welded the broken glass pieces back into place, James turned and watched as the students parted to allow Lily and Snape a clear path. "Go on, run off, then!" James called after Snape. "Just remember what happens when you pick a row with me!" After glaring once more over his shoulder, Snape became sick again, and the surrounding spectators let out revulsed exclamations as several slugs dropped onto the floor. Although she wrinkled her nose, Lily nevertheless tried to hold up her friend, but Snape shoved her away and tried to walk on his own. A moment later, he vomited again and nearly slipped to the floor on the slug slime while James and Sirius laughed at the pitiable scene. "Don't stain the floors, Sniv!" Sirius cried after Snape's retreating form, and although the Slytherin did not turn his head, James saw his body stiffen before he bent over again to emit a lengthy gag. When he started forward again, he did not fight Lily's support, and the pair stumbled away as James left the Entrance Hall in the other direction with his roommates, still laughing.
A Disappointing Discovery About a week before the Christmas holidays, James and the other fourth-year Gryffindors were sitting in Professor Aven's class, listening as the wizard wrapped up his lecture on counter-spells. Yawning, James found himself wishing that Aven would spend less of his class periods lecturing and allow the students to practice their wand-work, but the class had collected so much homework over the last few weeks that he was afraid to even bring it up lest they fall behind indefinitely. "And you all know how to deal with the effects of an improperly-cast Jelly-Legs Curse by now!" Professor Aven said to the class, turning from the blackboard and pausing for a moment. "And if you don't, you'll get to that in Charms soon enough. Off you go now, class is dismissed! And don't forget about the Hogsmeade trip after the break! It's a wonderful opportunity to get away from your studies and see a real wizarding village! You should all take advantage of it!" Standing with the rest of his classmates, James gathered his belongings as Professor Aven picked up the essays that the students had turned in. Aven had tied the parchment rolls together with small bits of string to keep them from unraveling, and James briefly admired his ingenuity before heading out of the door with his roommates, exiting just behind Lily and Alice. Spotting James out of the corner of her eye, Lily turned and stuck her nose into the air; she had not so much as breathed in his direction after the incident with Snape and the Slug-Vomiting Charm, and although James wished that she would at least acknowledge him, he could not suppress a contented sigh as he watched her red hair float over her shoulder. Distracted, James did not realize that Peter was in the midst of a rant until halfway through his babbling. ". . . and I always thought that the Three Broomsticks was the best place to go for a drink, but Dirk Cresswell—you know him, that freckly Ravenclaw a year behind us, he's in the Slug Club—he says that he's always preferred the Hog's Head Inn. He says that it's quiet, but I think that he's really spying on the different species that come in. He already speaks Gobbledegook nearly fluently you know, and he sounds just like a goblin when he does it! But the Hog's Head still gives me the chills, and I say that Cresswell can keep it for himself. What do you think, James?" "Sorry, what?" James asked, having drifted off again during Peter's long spiel. "Wipe that silly grin off of your face, mate!" Sirius chastised him. "We're deciding where we want to visit in Hogsmeade after we get back to Hogwarts." "I don't need a say," Remus told the group. "I'll be locked up in the Shrieking Shack that day, and I won't be missing you all that much." "Sure you will!" Sirius disagreed, punching him on the arm. "We're great!" Upon drawing a light laugh from Remus, Sirius turned his lopsided grin on James. "What do you say? The town might still be decorated for Christmas, but Honeydukes might have started preparing for Valentine's Day if we're lucky. I say that we stop by there first before all of the dewy-eyed couples can steal the good stuff." "All right," James agreed, and he ran his hand through his hair as he continued to stare at the back of Lily's head. Speaking offhandedly before Sirius and Peter could start discussing their options again, he asked, "Were you thinking of going with anyone? For Valentine's Day, I mean." Turning a sideways look at him, Sirius frowned. "Nah, I thought that we would all go together. Not that I would have any problem roping in an admirer," he added to the others, laughing as he jabbed Peter in the side a little too hard. Grunting, the shorter boy held his stomach as James stared ahead. "Eh, it was just a thought," James said, and he addressed the others again before he could change his mind. "But out of curiosity, do you think that Evans would go with me if I asked?" Remus threw his head back to let out a hearty laugh, and James turned a glower on him. After several moments, Remus finally wiped his eyes with a few scattered chuckles and shook his head, but his smile quickly melted into an open gape when he saw his friend's expression. "That was a gag, right?" Remus asked, almost pleadingly while Sirius eyed James carefully. Removing his glare from Remus, James stuffed his hands into his pockets and kicked at the ground, and Remus took an audible breath of air. "Wait," he said, his jaw dropping even lower, "you don't . . . fancy her, do you?" "No!" James scoffed, but Remus halted and clutched his head with his hands. "Oh, James!" he moaned, but Sirius interrupted him. "What's gotten into you, James?" he demanded. "Evans has had it out for us since when we first arrived at Hogwarts! Of all the girls in the school that you could have picked—" "Hey, it's not my fault!" James snapped back, stiffening at his roommates' reactions. "And it's not that I fancy her—she's just smart, you know? Good with charms." "Good with charms?" Sirius repeated, punching every word. "I've seen how you stare at her from across the Great Hall! You definitely fancy her." When James turned away, Sirius narrowed his eyes still further. "Does your stomach twist when you see her?" Refusing to answer, James simply stared at the ground, and Sirius turned away with a hiss. "Oh, he definitely fancies her!" "Oh, no, no, no, no!" Remus chanted, shaking his head as Peter looked back and forth between his roommates. "This can't be happening! James, you realize how hopeless this is, right? I mean, Lily can't stand you—no offense," he added quickly as James shot him a dirty look. "But look at what you did to Snape the other day! You can't just knock about her friends and expect her to go out with you!" "I never said that she would—I was just asking if you thought she might," James defended before scuffing the ground with his toe. "But you've all made your opinions quite clear." "It's useless, mate," Sirius told him, shaking his head as he walked off. "Forget about her." Giving James one last sympathetic look, Remus followed suit as Peter jumped after him, nearly tripping over his feet when he ignored the floor in favor of James' downcast face. Remaining still for a few moments longer, James finally trudged after his roommates with his hands in his pockets. After their conversation, James refrained from bringing up the subject of Lily again, which seemed to please Sirius just fine. The severity of his roommates' reactions had deterred James from so much as using Lily's name, but he was not entirely sure that his friends were right about his supposed infatuation. Ever since his first year, he had never thought of Lily as anything more than an obstinate albeit occasionally humorous classmate, and he hesitated at the idea of fancying her. After all, she was friends with that slime-ball Snape, and James would normally find such a friendship irredeemable—however, after Sirius had called attention to his butterflies in James' stomach, he was beginning to suspect with less and less uncertainty his attraction to her. He still had no one to talk to about it, but he eventually saw an opening at a passing comment from Sirius as the two of them boarded the Hogwarts Express for the journey to Potter Cottage for the holidays. "I haven't been able to think of anything else all month!" Sirius announced as he and James lugged their suitcases on board, lagging behind Remus and Peter. "Your Christmases are so much better than the ones at my house! You have Christmas cake, decorations, the whole bundle! At my place, we only have a few lanterns out on the front porch. My parents might even forget to bring in a tree if they didn't have Regulus to pamper, but you've seen the kind of presents that they give—really, the whole affair is dreary." "I'm looking forward to my mum's cooking," James admitted, dragging his suitcase behind him. "Hokart and the other house-elves really know how to whip up a good meal at Hogwarts, but it's not the same as the stuff at home. Besides, Winthrop makes the best treacle tart!" "As long as your father doesn't start dancing with your mum in the kitchen again, I'll help her make the fudge," Sirius offered, grinning. "But after the last time, I'd prefer the bowl to stay on the counter." "The walls really were a mess," James laughed. "At least my dad didn't have any hair to wash!" Shaking his head, Sirius commented, "I swear, if my father was as big a fool as yours around my mum, she would left him years ago for that git Rookwood at the Ministry. I've never seen two people as much head-over-heels for each other as your parents. How do you stand it?" "Eh, they don't embarrass me in public so much," James replied, but he felt a smile creep across his face as a thought struck him. Grinning, he threw a spring into his step as he and Sirius approached their roommates' compartment, but the two of them stopped as Regulus appeared from a nearby doorway and blocked their path. Not entirely pleased to see him after the last Quidditch match, James waited for Regulus to walk past them as Sirius crossed his arms. "Move, Regulus. I haven't got all day." Jolting with surprise as if just noticing the two of them, Regulus narrowed his eyes and glanced between James and his brother before addressing the latter. "You're coming back home with me, aren't you?" "I'm staying at James' place for the holidays," Sirius corrected him shortly. His face darkening, Regulus narrowed his eyes. "You aren't even coming back for Christmas?" Not waiting for an answer, he straightened and crossed his arms in an exact replica of Sirius, each of them staring down the other. "Don't you even want to be around our family anymore?" "Oh, come off it, you know that no one will miss me, anyway," Sirius snapped. "Just tell our mum to save her tears, all right?" Stepping forward, he tried to push past Regulus, but the third-year moved to the side to block him. "You don't get to talk about our mother like that!" he growled, his threat slightly undermined by his thin frame and waxy face. "I'll talk about her however I bloody well please!" Sirius retorted, giving Regulus a small shove that sent the smaller boy stumbling back into the wall. "Now move, before I do something that you'll regret!" Stepping around him, Sirius set off down the hallway while Regulus straightened and brushed off his robes. As James passed, Regulus locked eyes with him and gave him a stare that sent chills down James' spine. Hurrying to catch up to Sirius, James slid into the compartment with his roommates and slid the door shut, locking Regulus out. When the train reached King's Cross Station several hours later, Remus and Peter waved their friends goodbye before joining their families. Spotting his parents a little ways ahead, James started jogging with Sirius towards the other end of the platform, and Sirius picked up his speed when Regulus stepped off the Hogwarts Express a few doors down. Spotting his brother, Regulus turned up his nose and headed in the opposite direction while James hurried to catch up with Sirius. Tired after the long journey, James and Sirius fell asleep in the former's room shortly after dinner, which Winthrop had prepared for the Potters and their guest. As usual, James was the first to wake shortly before sunrise, and he took care not to disturb Sirius as he slipped out of bed and grabbed a clean shirt. Changing into it on the way downstairs, he padded softly into the drawing room and stretched out his arms, yawning. Only the dim, misty light of the early morning shone on the carpet underfoot, and James, expecting to be alone, started when he heard a tapping sound from the window. Relaxing as he spotted Hardwin through the glass pane, James allowed the owl inside and tickled his tufty head before Hardwin flapped away and landed on a sofa's arm to preen himself. Glancing at the small table beside the sofa, James spotted his father's wand lying on its surface, and he looked over his shoulders to see if anyone else was awake; deciding that his father had forgotten his wand the night before, he picked it up and waved it experimentally at Hardwin. Uttering a small squawk of protest, the owl tried to soar away, but his wings folded against his body as he dropped to the floor, transforming into a white-and-brown speckled mouse. "That's pretty good!" a voice from behind spoke up, and James whirled around to spot his father leaning against the doorway to the kitchen. Standing up straight, the aging wizard approached and gestured at the scuttling rodent. "Been practicing Cross-Species Switches in Transfiguration?" "Kind of," James admitted, scratching the back of his neck. "Our professor hasn't let us try Transfiguring anything bigger than a toad yet." "If that's what you can do with an owl, I don't think that your professor will be able to teach you much else," his father told him, smiling down at Hardwin as he let out a squeak. "But let's turn your poor bird back, shall we? I don't think that he'll let any of us get within arm's reach if you traumatize him any more." Grinning, James released his spell with a wave of his father's wand, and Hardwin fluttered off with a passing glare at his owner, quickly disappearing into an adjoining room. Laughing, James' father accepted his wand as James returned it. "It's a good thing that you're getting older," James' father commented, turning his wand over in his hand before he secured it inside of his pocket. "Soon you'll be able to use your own wand at home instead of borrowing mine. Seventeen is only three years away now, isn't it?" Shaking his head, he stared down at his son with a sad sort of smile. "My, how the time flies! Whenever you come home from Hogwarts, I'm afraid that you'll pass me up in height." "Actually, there was something that I wanted to talk to you about," James mentioned, glancing over his shoulder to see if his mother or Sirius had woken up yet. Nodding, his father settled down on the sofa and motioned for James to do the same. "Talk away!" he invited. "I'm all ears!" Resting on the other end of the sofa, James rubbed his palm as he stared down at his knees. "Do you have any advice about how to talk with witches?" "I see," his father spoke, failing to hide the smile that instantly spread across his face. Leaning back, he asked, "Any particular girl in mind?" "Er—just someone in my year," James admitted, glancing away. "Does she know you?" his father inquired. "Yeah." "What's she like?" "Well . . ." Taking a breath, James looked up at his father's shining eyes. "She's really smart, and great with a wand. She's one of the best in our class, but she can be kind of . . . intense sometimes." Smiling, his father waited as James cleared his throat and sat up straighter. "The problem is, I don't think that she likes me very much." "Why do you think that?" "Er . . ." James started, quickly thinking up an answer. "We just don't talk a lot." Putting his fingers together, James' father held them up to his mouth and thought for a moment before answering. "You know," he finally began, leaning towards James with a small grin, "Euphemia wasn't all that gentle when we first started seeing each other." "She wasn't?" James asked, starting; he could not imagine his gray-haired mother being anything other than gentle. "Quite the contrary!" his father replied, laughing. "She asked me out at wand-point, just to keep me from brushing past her in the hallway again! But as it turned out, she was far kinder once you got to know her. Most of the time, I'd say that witches use their ferocity as a sort of weapon, to keep us dafter breed at bay. You just have to give it time." "But how will I know if she fancies me?" James objected. "Ask," his father replied, shrugging. "It's the simplest method, and there's no harm in putting out the question. Though," he added with a sparkle in his eye, "some say that you can tell by the way that witches look at you." Frowning as he called to mind Lily's glaring emerald eyes, James banished the thought from his head and turned to his father again. "When you and Mum started dating, were any of your mates upset about it?" "Jealous, you mean?" his father questioned, cocking his head. "No," James clarified as he looked down again. "Just . . . cross, I suppose." "Trouble with your mates?" Shrugging, James did not respond, and his father shook his head with a smile. "You can't expect them all to understand, not at your age, anyway. But they're your mates, and they'll likely get over it sooner than you think. If there's anything that I've learned after all my years, it's that your group of truest mates can bounce back from anything." Encouraged, James spoke up as another question pressed against his mind. "But how am I supposed to get Eva—I mean, how do I get her to talk to me?" Leaning forward, James' father patted his son's knee. "If she doesn't notice you at first, just keep pushing at it! That's what your mother did, and it worked! Who knows? Maybe she'll turn around." James nodded, thinking hard. "Thanks, Dad." "No problem!" his father answered, giving James another beam. "Glad to help in any way that I can! And if you ever need any more advice," he added, tapping his forehead, "you know that I'll always be willing to give it." Smiling, James was about to respond when the floor creaked from behind him, and he turned to see Sirius standing in the doorway with a heavy coat and a silk scarf wrapped up his neck. "You ready?" he asked James, rubbing his eyes. "Oh, yeah!" James said, jumping up from the sofa and turning to his father. "We were going out to town." "Have fun, you two!" his father replied, waving as the boys crossed to the doorway. "Euphemia and I will see you for breakfast, then?" "Maybe lunch," James answered, and his father nodded farewell as the boys left the room. Grabbing a coat on the way to the front door, James slipped it on as Sirius led the way outside. "Ready to start the Animagus Potion?" James questioned as he finished buttoning his coat. "Let's just get this over with," Sirius replied, yawning as he pulled his scarf closer around him. "I don't want to spend any more time out in the snow than necessary." Stepping off the frost-kissed porch, James and Sirius kicked up the hard-packed snow strewn across the length of Godric's Hollow. Passing the churchyard just a few blocks away from Potter Cottage, they turned at the cemetery and continued on towards the shopping district, which was nearly empty in the stillness of the fallen snow. When the boys passed Oldeman's Candy Store, the wizard shopkeeper waved out from the entrance, but he disappeared within the warmth of his shop before James and Sirius had passed. Eventually, the stores began to peter out in favor of private addresses, and the two boys trotted up to the despondent storefront of the local flower shop. Rubbing their arms for warmth upon their bell-announced entrance, they glanced around at the pristine bouquets displayed around the room, and James could not help but feel that the flowers were a little too perfect, almost lonely in their delicate arrangements. As the curtain swished from the back room of the shop, he was grateful to have the quiet disturbed by the arrival of Ms. Xu. "The holidays already?" the raven-haired witch asked, holding the curtains back with one hand. Before the boys could do anything more than nod, Ms. Xu was already beckoning them into the back room. "Well, come on, then! Are you waiting to choke on the aroma?" Hurrying forward, James and Sirius ducked beneath the shopkeeper's arm and straightened in the jar-filled back room, the smell instantly changing from floral to herby. Fighting back a cough at the strong odor, James turned to Ms. Xu as she pulled the curtains closed. "Do you have the leaves ready?" he inquired, and the witch paused. "What do you mean? I thought that you were here to drop off the Mandrake leaves," she said. Exchanging a look, James and Sirius froze until the latter turned on the storeowner. "Didn't Mundungus deliver them?" "He hasn't stopped by since your last visit," Ms. Xu told him, still staring at the two. Glancing between them, she asked, "Didn't he contact you?" "No!" James exclaimed, now starting to panic. "We haven't heard anything at all! Do you think that something happened to him?" "It's more likely that he backed out," Sirius growled, and James clenched his fists when he realized that Sirius was probably right. "But why?" James called into question. "We were going to pay him for the leaves. Why wouldn't he bring them?" "Maybe he couldn't get them in time," Ms. Xu guessed, shrugging. "He said that he would have them by now!" Sirius announced, bristling. "That's no excuse! Do you know where he is?" "Me?" Ms. Xu asked, touching her chest. "I haven't heard a word from him in months, but if you two boys were to look for him, I might be able to suggest a few places to start." "Where?" James and Sirius asked together. "Mundungus has a few hangouts in London," she began. "He has a few partners on Brewer Street, though one of my associates saw him on Holloway Road late last year. Do you know the Leaky Cauldron?" "Yes," James answered. "Does he stop by Diagon Alley often?" "There's another street that branches off from there called Knockturn Alley," Ms. Xu explained. "It's a dirty section of the city, and I don't like going there myself, but Mundungus gets many of his curiosities from there. I might try looking there first if you can." "Is there anywhere else you can think of?" Sirius questioned. After thinking for a moment, Ms. Xu raised a bony finger. "You two are old enough to travel to Hogsmeade now, aren't you? He sometimes goes there to catch a drink or meet another poor sap to buy off of him." "Knockturn Alley, Brewer Street, Hogsmeade," James repeated, engraining the places into his mind. "Got it!" "I'm sorry that I couldn't have the potion ready for you, lads," Ms. Xu told them as they turned towards the main room. "If I had guessed that Mundungus hadn't spoken with you, I would have tried to reach you earlier." "That's all right. It isn't your fault," James told her, though he spoke through gritted teeth at the thought of Mundungus. "We'll just have to track him down ourselves." "If our deal's still on, you just get back to me when you can," she answered, brushing the air away with her hand. Exiting the back room, James and Sirius walked out onto the street with slumped shoulders. No sooner had a silence settled between the two of them than Sirius hissed and kicked at the ground. "When I get my hands on Mundungus, that slimy git is going to regret this!" he promised. Nodding, James clenched his fists. "Just leave enough of him for me when you're through. He won't be crossing us again once we find him."
A Christmas Cut Short Almost as soon as James and Sirius got back from the apothecary, they asked James' parents if they could stop by Diagon Alley to search for some extra potion ingredients. Although surprised to hear that they had run out of supplies already, James' mother agreed to take the boys on an afternoon trip before Christmas. After only a few days to mull over the disappearance of Mundungus Fletcher, James and Sirius traveled via Floo powder to the Leaky Cauldron, soon entering Diagon Alley behind the brick wall next to the pub. "Do you need me to find you anything in particular?" James' mother inquired of the two boys, still catching her breath from the uncomfortable experience of inter-fireplace transportation. "I could find an ingredient while you two—" "No, you can wait for us outside," James interrupted, trying to think of a way to lose her. "If you wanted to stop by The Teabag, you can grab a cup while Sirius and I run about." "If you're sure, dear," his mother answered, although she breathed easier at the mention of rest. Winded, she looked through the nearest shop's window and brightened, spotting a wiry little witch who waved frenetically from inside. "Why, it's Gillian! I'll have to stop and say hello!" Striding off, she left the two boys to trot off in the other direction, passing the closely-packed stores that progressed down the street. James glanced over his shoulder and watched his mother vanish into the interior of the tea shop before hurrying ahead with Sirius. Continuing, they waited to turn until spotting a sign above a sharp corner reading, "Knockturn Alley." Pattering down the alleyway, James and Sirius slowed to accommodate for the darker, more enclosed street, even though they no longer had any shoppers to press past. Staring up at the storefronts around them, they ducked down to avoid the sharp tiles hanging from the roofs, which looked as if they might fall and crush the street below. Feeling claustrophobic, James lowered his gaze and peered into the window of the nearest shop, but he soon regretted his decision as a pair of oversized, luminous eyes stared back at him. "Heh," Sirius chuckled as he spotted the cause of James' sudden jump. "My family would love it here. We've got house-elf heads tacked all over our walls." Walking on, Sirius left James feeling rather foolish, and he rushed to catch up to his friend after glancing once more at the mounted head. Determined to regain some of his dignity, James took the lead and stared down every adjoining street that they passed. Some of the shop windows were boarded up or too blackened with grime to see through, but most of the stores offered a clear glimpse of their questionable merchandise, which ranged from small animal bones to rocking chairs that moved on their own. Certain that half of the objects on display were cursed, James tried to move past a malodorous cart when a toothless street peddler jumped out from the other side. "Need elephant tonsils, lads?" the witch cackled, pawing at James' shoulder as he moved away. "Bat ears? Toenails? I have every need for homemade remedies—" "We're not interested," Sirius told her bluntly, and he bumped the witch with his shoulder as he passed. Staring unblinkingly at the two boys as they kept walking, the witch hummed to herself until finally turning away. Shivering, James cast a glance over his shoulder at Sirius. "We don't have to go in any of the stores, right?" he inquired. "Mundungus would likely be out in the open, wouldn't he?" Shrugging, Sirius looked into one of the nearby windows. "If you don't want to go in any of the buildings, that's okay. You can just say so." Stiffening, James narrowed his eyes. "I'm not scared," he protested, but he suddenly halted as a nearby shop door opened and a stooped wizard walked out. Turning a red-tinged eye on the boys, the man mumbled something under his breath before stepping back into the store, having tacked a small sign to the door. "Let's go in here," James spoke up, moving forward before he could change his mind, and he pulled the shop door open again. Glancing down, he read the sign while Sirius walked after him: Shipments now withheld until the new year. Dimly lit and dusty, the interior of the store smelled like rotting wood and moth balls, but James was far too taken in by the objects around the room to let the odor bother him. Almost every inch of the shop was covered in merchandise; leering masks lined the walls, and several sheets of overhead netting held discarded glass balls and pewter pans. The walls were partially hidden by rows of bookcases and scattered shelves, which held items like a pair of bleeding books and several bottles full of staring eyes. Only a few steps inside, James and Sirius were stopped by the harsh voice of the storeowner. "We don't see children," the stooped man snapped, apparently less than pleased that they had followed him inside. "We're not here to buy anything," James told him, but he regretted his words when the oily-haired wizard scowled even more deeply. "Then you have no business coming into my—" "Do you know a Mundungus Fletcher?" Sirius interrupted, and the man narrowed his eyes. "A Fletcher doesn't operate here," he replied, pointing towards the door. "Didn't you read the plaque? This is Borgin and Burkes, not Fletcher and Sons. Now if you two don't have anything better to do than pester me about people that I haven't even heard of, I'd suggest that you—" Stepping forward before Sirius could respond, James slammed down a handful of Sickles onto the counter, stopping the wizard mid-sentence. Nodding at James, Sirius grunted his approval while the oily wizard's mouth twitched. After another moment, the man scooped the coins into his waiting palm and gave the boys a closer look. "What do you want?" he inquired, still speaking rather shortly. "Are you Borgin or Burkes?" James asked first, deciding that he would try a softer approach. "Borgin." "All right, Mr. Borgin," James continued, "where did you last see Mundungus?" "He was in here about two months ago," the wizard replied vaguely, and Sirius stepped forward. "Does he come here often?" he demanded, and the shop-owner merely wrinkled his nose. "Often enough for me to recall him, obviously," he responded, and James cut in before Sirius could say anything else. "We don't want to waste any of your time, sir. If you'd just tell us where to find Mundungus, we'll be out of your store before you can spot us leave." "I don't know where he is," Borgin replied waspishly. "Do you think that I'm one to engage in small talk?" Thinking that Borgin had made his point, James stood back as Sirius spoke up. "But you must know which stores he visits while in Knockturn Alley." Sneering, Borgin shook his oily head. "That worm of a man sneaks about in the back alleys wherever he goes. You're not likely to find him anywhere respectable." "And yet he comes in here," Sirius muttered under his breath, and Borgin snarled at him. "Where exactly are your parents?" he hissed, looking as if he might shove the both of them out the door. "I can't imagine that you're here with consent. Why don't you go back home? I can't help you any more than I already have." Afraid that they had gone too far, James was about to grab Sirius and back out of the shop when his friend puffed out his chest and crossed his arms. "My parents are Orion and Walburga Black, direct descendants of Phineas Nigellus Black, late Headmaster of Hogwarts and member of the Wizengamot. As Sirius Cynosura Black III, I suggest that you give us the information we need. My parents won't be too pleased to hear that your hospitality was lacking." Although Borgin gave Sirius a long, piercing look, he slowly executed a small bow. "My apologies," he wheezed, almost choking on the frog in his throat, and he glanced up at James with narrowed eyes. "And who do I have the pleasure of serving with young Mr. Black?" "Er, I'm James Potter," James answered, glancing quickly at Sirius. "Son of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, and descendant of . . . er . . . Hardwin and Henry Potter. Wizengamot. At least, the last one was." After giving James a hard stare, Borgin turned to Sirius and nodded once. "What can I answer for you, Mr. Black?" "Was Mundungus in here looking for Mandrake leaves?" Sirius replied immediately. "This isn't an apothecary," the storeowner replied, failing to hold back an annoyed sigh. "Then what was he here for?" Sirius demanded. Shaking his head, Borgin began, "I don't recall the precise reason for—" "Then bring out your ledger," Sirius interrupted. Pressing his lips together, Borgin glared at him. "It's hardly your place to see my store's history," he hissed. "If it makes any difference, my parents weren't too pleased with their last trip here," Sirius interjected, his arms still held over his chest. "If I spoke with them, I think that I could end all future purchases." Remembering how unfamiliar Sirius had seemed with Borgin and Burkes just a few moments before, James wondered if his friend was bluffing. Fortunately, Borgin seemed to believe his words, and he scuttled towards the back room with a sudden pop of his eyes. "I'll be right out with the accounts," he apologized, quickly disappearing from view. When he had left, a heavy silence settled over the room, and James glanced at Sirius to see his friend staring at the floor. "I hate doing that," Sirius muttered in response to James' look. "Milking my family name just to scare people. It's sick how quickly everyone starts to grovel." Not sure of how to respond, James remained silent until Borgin reappeared through the back door, now accessorized with a pair of pince-nez as he rifled through the pages of a heavy book. Hunched even more dramatically than usual, the wizard smacked his lips as his racing fingers came to a stop. "Here it is! Yes, now I remember: Mundungus stopped to try and sell me a few trifles. Nothing of importance, really." "Let's see it," Sirius spoke, beckoning for the book as Borgin held it back up to his chest. Sighing, Borgin relented and set the journal down on the counter with a thud, and the boys leaned forward to read the scrawly handwriting. "Bottles of unknown contents?" James read, glancing up at Borgin. "Always a nice addition to a curiosities shop," the wizard told him, nodding at a bookshelf on the far wall, which was stacked to the top with bubbling bottles. "You'll see the very vials there." Catching sight of a sickly yellow liquid almost like pus, James repressed a shudder and turned back to the ledger. As he started to skim the contents again, Sirius straightened with a sharp look at Borgin. "It says here that Mundungus purchased an enchanted cauldron from you. You didn't mention that before." Glancing down at his handwriting, Borgin shrugged. "Must have missed that." "Why would he need an enchanted cauldron?" James thought out loud, facing Sirius. "Maybe he needed to make a specific sort of potion," Sirius guessed. Turning to Borgin, he inquired, "What are cauldrons usually enchanted for?" "All cauldrons have basic enchantments to stop magical ingredients from reacting unpleasantly," the shopkeeper answered in a tone of voice that seemed to suggest the boys' unintelligence. "But any cauldrons that pass through my store have very . . . special uses. Normally, they can hold much stronger potions, even those of toxic value. Or, conversely, they can be designed to hide their contents from the simple passerby." "What sort of cauldron did you give to Mundungus?" James demanded. "Just a standard Self-Thinking Cauldron," Borgin replied after a pause. "Self-Thinking?" Sirius prodded. "They have a sort of mind of their own," the oily-haired man responded. "I assumed that Mundungus, being a notorious cheapskate and talentless wizard, needed a cauldron to do most of the magic for him. But I really can't tell you any more than that." "That's all right," James spoke more to himself than to Borgin, leaning back with a sigh. "You've done enough." Borgin looked as if he wanted to agree most heartily, but he only gave the boys another small bow of his head as they walked towards the door. "A warm greeting to your parents, Mr. Black," he spoke, and James thought that he heard the slightest hint of malice behind his voice before the door shut him out. While James and Sirius continued to mull over Mundungus' vanishment and what to do about their quest to become Animagi, Potter Cottage took on a more festive atmosphere. James' mother dressed up the terrace in winding holly branches, and the traditional sleepy Puffskein was suspended on the front door in the center of the wreath. Late on Christmas Eve, Winthrop caused a mild panic when he nearly opened the door to greet a group of Muggle carolers, and the Potters barely managed to save the Muggles' hysteria with a confused cacophony of yelling and banging behind the door. When James' father finally threw open the door to welcome their neighbors with a breathless smile, the carolers did not seem too intent on staying and only sang through one song, refusing offers of treacle fudge and hot tea. Although a bit shaken after the incident, Winthrop did not relax his tightly-wound demeanor to allow James and Sirius up past midnight, and after a few minutes of their protesting, he eventually waddled out of the former's bedroom with the window closed and the lights extinguished. Rolling over to face the wall, James felt his weary eyelids sliding shut as a yawn broke the silence from behind him. "James?" Sirius asked blearily, making great effort to keep his voice above a whisper. "I was thinking . . . when we get back to school, we should start Transfiguring ourselves, even without the potion. We can't put it off any longer." "Yeah, we'll do that," James mumbled back, but Sirius' accompanying snore was the last thing that he remembered before falling into a deep sleep. "When we get back . . ." In the morning, James started awake to the warbled singing of his mother, who was trying to coax her husband awake with a folksong. Hearing a series of muffled objections, James unwrapped himself from his bedsheets as Sirius did the same from the other side of the room, evidently too excited to mutter his usual string of morning-time obscenities. Halfway down the stairs, the boys ran into James' parents and greeted them with exuberant greetings, although they only received a half-hearted nod from James' father. Winthrop tramped out into the parlor moments after the boys had settled themselves under the tree, offering each of his masters a gift. He even presented Sirius with a heavy sack of Bertie Bott's Every Flavour Beans, which Sirius put down next to his other packages with a small nod at the house-elf. After disappearing into the adjoining room, Winthrop soon reappeared with four mugs of apple cider, and James' parents sipped theirs while James and Sirius finished unwrapping their gifts. Before Sirius could turn and thank the Potters again for his trick wand from Zonko's Joke Shop, James' father lifted his hand and spoke. "We have one last surprise waiting for you," he announced, and Sirius brightened. "You do?" Remembering the motorbike, James shared a smile with his father, but his mother surprised him by saying, "You too, James." "Really?" James asked. "What is it?" "Follow us and see," his father answered, and the boys scrambled to their feet as the wizard stood from the sofa. Following the adults outside into the snow, James and Sirius kept close at their heels as they approached the old shed in the backyard. When James' father reached the chipped door of the shed, he turned around and shook a finger at the boys. "Don't look! I've still got to bring it out!" Facing the other direction when their pleading faces did no good, James and Sirius listened to the sound of the shed door opening and footsteps on a squeaky wood floor. Shifting his weight between his feet, Sirius tried to sneak a glance over his shoulder as a rumbling noise sounded from behind them, but James hit the side of his head just in time. After a few more moments, the sound of rolling subsided as the snow muffled it, and James' mother called for the boys. "All right, you can—" Before she had time to finish her sentence, Sirius had spun around and uttered a sort of strangled squeak, frozen at the sight of the gleaming motorbike parked on the lawn. His face had gone pale, and James thought that only a powerful sort of invisible rope was holding him back from lunging at the bike. "Is that for me?" Sirius finally exclaimed, and James' parents began to laugh at his elation. "It sure is!" James' father chuckled. "It's sort of a late birthday present that I've been working on for a few months. I heard from James that you enjoy Muggle Studies, and I couldn't think of a better gift for you! Muggles usually don't start driving until they're older, but I figured that we could keep it at our house until you're of age. Unless, of course," he added, rubbing his hairless forehead, "you wanted to take it back to Grimmauld Place, but I didn't think that your family would react well to a present from us." Not daring to blink, Sirius continued to stare at the motorbike until James' father finally took his hand from his head and laughed. "Are you waiting for it to sprout wings and fly? Go ahead! Try it out!" As if snapping awake, Sirius vaulted forward and ran his hands over the handlebars before leaping onto the seat. Grinning like a small child, he kicked up the engine, and a thundering roar soon sputtered from the exhaust pipe. Waving away the cloud of smoke that arose as a result, James coughed before Sirius quelled the noise a few moments later. "Is it a four-stroke engine?" Sirius asked James' father, glancing between his legs. "A one-cylinder? How much horsepower does it have?" Smiling sheepishly, James' father started rubbing his scalp again. "To be perfectly honest, I don't have any idea." Still grinning, Sirius leapt off of the motorbike and launched himself into the older wizard's arms. "Thank you, thank you, thank you! This is the best present ever!" "Careful! My ribs might crack!" James' father laughed before his wife turned to James. "We have something for you, too—a sort of add-on to Sirius' gift." "What is it?" James demanded, and his father broke free of Sirius long enough to duck into the shed and pull out what looked like a large, metal bowl. "This is the motorbike's sidecar!" James' father explained, giving the ungainly contraption a clanging pat. "With this, you can both ride at the same time!" Feeling his face fall, James racked his brain for something to say as Sirius started chuckling. "Er, that's great!" James thanked his father, scratching the back of his neck as he eyed the sidecar. "But I think that we'll both fit on the motorbike for at least a few years, right, Sirius?" he asked his friend, who was trying to hide his laughter behind his hand and was temporarily incapable of answering. "Why don't you attach the sidecar and see how it fits?" James' father suggested, pushing the sidecar to the bike with a beam. James, not knowing how to refuse, itched the back of his head as he tried to think of an answer, but he was suddenly saved the trouble when the back door of the house burst open to reveal Winthrop. Turning, Sirius and the Potters stared at the house-elf's tiny form as he panted. "There's a couple at the door, Master Fleamont," Winthrop spoke. "Winthrop tried to explain that the Masters were on holiday, but the visitors insisted on coming in. They claim to be here for—" Pushed aside suddenly, Winthrop stumbled away as the imposing form of Mrs. Black swept into the garden, her husband following just behind her. James' mother let a cry escape her lips at the interruption, but Mrs. Black did not allow the Potters to speak as she raised a hand and pointed at Sirius. "We've come for him!" she snapped at the Potters, continuing her rapid pace through the grass. She was clothed in what James guessed to be one of her finer dresses, a black v-neck laced with gold thread and pearls, and the sight of her marching so purposefully in such an outfit seemed to go against what James had ever thought of her. Matching her in color, Mr. Black was in impeccably ironed dress robes, looking as if the two of them had just Apparated from a Christmas dinner. Glancing down, James saw that he was still in his nightclothes, and he tried to keep his face from turning hot as the Blacks stopped in front of Sirius. "I don't understand!" James' father spoke, glancing between the Black parents. "I thought that you agreed to Sirius spending the holidays with us!" "What we agreed to or not is entirely out of your knowledge or control," Mrs. Black snapped, her eyes flashing as she jabbed a finger at Sirius again, "but this one has been sneaking about in places he shouldn't have been. I thought that you would have at least been able to keep him on a closer rein, but I have sorely underestimated your character, an act I had thought impossible before now." Exchanging a look, James' parents could not seem to form a response, and Mrs. Black raised her eyebrow. "You do know what I'm talking about. Surely you didn't send Sirius and your son to Knockturn Alley with permission, did you?" Feeling his heart fall as his parents looked at each other again, James stammered, "Then . . . then you . . ." Snapping her sharp gaze upon him, Mrs. Black thundered, "Then I knew? I only wish that the owner of that filthy little pawnshop had contacted us sooner! Anyone would have been able to tell that you were up to no good!" "You're to return with us," Mr. Black told Sirius, the strange detachment in his voice balancing Mrs. Black's volcanic exclamations. "You will spend the rest of the holidays at home." "But you can't just take him away!" James' mother protested. "It's Christmas!" "Yes, even if Sirius did go somewhere he wasn't allowed, that's hardly a reason to send him home!" James' father added. Straightening, Mrs. Black glared down at James' parents. "He's coming with us! You can't keep him here!" "You can't make me go!" Sirius objected, but Mrs. Black snapped her steely gaze on him. "Yes, we can!" she snarled, sitting on each word, and Sirius turned to the Potters for help. After another shared glance, James' parents grew downcast. "I don't think it can be helped," James' father apologized to Sirius with another look at the Blacks. As Sirius shrank, James jumped forward and stood in front of him. "He can't go now! We still have a week before school starts!" "Get out of the way!" Mrs. Black hissed at him, but James held his ground and stared at his parents. Shaking his head, his father motioned for him to step away. "There's nothing we can do, James," he said. "He's their son." Ever so slowly, James felt his feet step to the side against his will, but he caught a small nod from Sirius when he looked his way. As Sirius trudged to his parents' sides, Mrs. Black swept her eyes across the yard and eyed the motorbike where it was partially hidden behind the Potters. "What is that?" she spat, and James' parents started. "Er, that's a motorbike," James' father answered, rubbing his scalp. Curling her lip, Mrs. Black looked down at Sirius. "I hope you didn't so much as touch that thing," she threatened, and Sirius looked at the ground. "We'll talk at home," Mr. Black told Sirius before tilting his chin ever so slightly at the Potters. "Don't try to send an owl. Our son's being punished." Turning away, he and Mrs. Black strode back towards Potter Cottage with Sirius trailing along behind them. Having righted himself after the Blacks' sudden introduction, Winthrop stood aside as the family strode back into the house in single-file. Throwing James one last glance before he disappeared, Sirius halted for as long as his mother allowed before she pulled him inside and slammed the door. Left alone, the Potters stood still for a few moments until James' mother finally broke the silence with a sigh. "Oh, I do hope that they let poor Sirius grab his things. James, run up to your room and check, will you?" Although suspecting that she was just trying to get rid of him, James hiked back up to Potter Cottage and looked over his shoulder, watching as his parents begin to push the motorbike back into the shed. After passing Winthrop without a word, he ran up to his room and discovered a few of Sirius' belongings still lying on the extra bed, although Sirius' wand and suitcase were missing. Realizing that he would have to return the rest of the items upon his arrival at Hogwarts, James collapsed on his bed and stared up at the ceiling, trying to imagine the conversation going on below. Most likely, his parents were trying to devise a way to talk some sense into the Blacks, but he doubted that Sirius' parents would respond to any attempts of negotiation. By the end of Christmas Day, James' parents seemed to have forgotten all about the Blacks' accusations about James' and Sirius' visit to Knockturn Alley, and James did not bring it up. He supposed that he could always lie and say that they had gotten lost, but he was grateful that he never had to use the excuse. Instead, the rest of break passed by uneventfully after Sirius' departure, and James could barely contain himself as he waited for the return to King's Cross Station. When the day finally came, he burst onto Platform Nine and Three-Quarters looking for Sirius, almost losing his parents in his frenzy. However, it was not Sirius, but the Lupins and Pettigrews who he spotted first, and he allowed his parents enough time to catch up as he stopped and waved. "Hi, James!" Peter greeted, skipping up to him. When James responded only with a nod, he glanced around and frowned. "Where's Sirius?" "He had to go home," James explained, looking down. "His parents showed up and dragged him back to Grimmauld Place." "That's too bad," Peter responded, which James thought a rather understated reaction. "Will he be meeting us here?" Before James could respond, a couple of students on the platform were violently shoved apart, and Sirius dashed out of the opening and stopped by his roommates' sides. Feeling himself relax, James smiled when he saw that Sirius was wearing a wide grin. "There you are!" Sirius exclaimed as he skidded to a stop. "I escaped as soon as we got to the station!" "What happened when you left?" James interrogated. "Oh, I'm fine," Sirius dismissed, brushing his question aside. "My mum yelled at me a bit and wouldn't let me leave the house for a week, but at least I'm here now! Miss me?" he asked James with a smirk. James gave him a searching frown, and Sirius dropped his upbeat tone for a moment to hiss at him. "I'm fine, James," he insisted before turning to the others with a grin. "Hey, guess what Mr. Potter got me for Christmas! He gave me an actual Muggle motorbike!" "Whoa, really?" Peter gasped. "It has a kickstart and this huge headlight!" Sirius bragged, spreading his hands apart. "It even comes with a sidecar, right, James?" he added, elbowing his friend before puffing out his chest. "Mr. Potter says that I can ride it for real when I turn seventeen, and I already know how to work most of it from The Muggle World of Motion!" "That's wicked!" Peter exclaimed, but Remus simply nodded. James noticed that he was staring at the ground, but he looked up a moment later when Sirius stopped talking to frown at him. "That's great, Sirius. It sounds like fun." Even Peter pursed his lips at his unconvincing tone, but Remus' suitcase gave a shudder before any of the others could speak. Sighing, Remus requested, "Hold on: I need to make sure that Mussmug doesn't escape before we board. I'll just be a moment." Stepping to the side, he dragged his suitcase away from the others and crouched next to it, fiddling with the locks as his friends shared a glance. Behind them, Remus' parents were talking with the other adults, and James ran up to pull Mr. Lupin aside. "Excuse me!" James urged, and Mr. Lupin looked down at him when they had drawn away from the others. Glancing back at Remus where he was hunkered over his suitcase, James interrogated, "What's wrong with Remus?" Following James' gaze, Mr. Lupin pressed his lips together. "Oh, he'll be all right. He's just upset over an article in The Daily Prophet." "Was there another werewolf attack?" James questioned, suddenly serious, and Mr. Lupin gave him a small smile. "Well, aren't you on top of things?" he said, attempting to lighten the mood, but he shook his head as James stared up at him. "It's bound to trouble him. Just give him a bit of time, and he'll be back to his usual, cheery self." "But he knows that the werewolves can't be working for Lord Voldemort," James stated, and Mr. Lupin jumped a bit. "It's just bad luck that they're breaking out. It has nothing to do with the Death Eaters." Looking over both of his shoulders, Mr. Lupin gestured for James to keep his voice low as he put a hand on his shoulder. "Er, let's not talk about this now. We wouldn't want the others to overhear." "Why not?" James asked, blinking. "It's the truth, isn't it? Why shouldn't they know?" Leaning even further in, Mr. Lupin answered, "We don't want them to grow suspicious, do we? And besides, Remus shouldn't get his hopes up. None of us know the full story." When James only stared at him, he continued, "Listen, James, I know you mean well, but there are other factors that need to be taken into account before jumping to any conclu—" Cutting him off, a shrill train whistle signaled the time for boarding, and Mrs. Pettigrew slapped Peter on the back with her voice at a near-shout. "Get going now, lad! You'll miss the train at this rate!" Breaking away from the adults, Sirius and Peter waved goodbye as Remus finished with his suitcase and scrambled to his feet. Straightening, Mr. Lupin released James, but not before he whispered a final parting under his breath. "James, do me a favor and don't tell Remus about our talk, okay?" Although he nodded, James felt his mind race as he turned around. Wondering why Mr. Lupin had made such a request, he nevertheless grinned back at his roommates when they beckoned to him, and he thought no more of it as they climbed aboard the Hogwarts Express.
