Ch. 1 Saturday 2 May 1998 Harry opened his eyes and groaned. His whole body ached and he groggily wondered why, then he remembered. Last night he had battled Voldemort to the death—and won. Voldemort was dead. It was truly over. He could relax. As he got off the floor where he'd been sleeping, he looked over to see his best friend and, what he had realised last night just before he died was, the love of his life, curled up in his bed. Looking around, he was surprised to find that none of his roommates were in their beds. Last night, after the final battle, Mione and he left the dead and mourning in the Great Hall and went to Gryffindor Tower to sleep. They had been awake for more than 48 hours and were shattered. As they left, they saw the Weasley family gathered around the dead body of Charlie. They saw Tonks and Sirius sitting there holding Remus' dead hands, tears coursing down both their faces. They walked past the dead body of Colin Creevey. So much loss, so much pain, he thought as he continued rummaging for clean clothes in Hermione's little bag. "Harry just summon it, you're a wizard." Hermione smiled as he jumped a bit at realizing she was up. "Sorry. I didn't mean to wake you." He apologized as he summoned clean clothes. "You didn't." She assured him as she got out of bed "So you and Ron?" He asked as his heart sunk. "No. I don't think so." She smiled at Harry as she let herself believe, for the first time since the ride on Buckbeak, that he might care for her the same way she did him. "But I saw you kissing!" He replied. She decided to be completely honest with him, even if she lost his friendship, because seeing his dead body being brought back by Hagrid tore her to shreds. It was in that moment of clarity that she realised that it was always Harry. It would always be Harry, no matter how long she lived, she'd always love him. Ron was just a way to bury her feelings so she didn't lose him as a friend. "Yes we did. But I don't love him." She sat down on the bed and patted it so he'd sit next to her. She took his face in her hands as she looked him in the eyes. "I love you Harry. More than you'll ever know. I've loved you for a long time but I was scared. Ron was safe so I pushed myself to like him instead. If I lost you as a friend, I'd be heartbroken. It's okay if you don't love me. We can still be best friends. I know I'm not pretty like Ginny or Cho but I needed to tell you—for my own piece of mind." She got out in one breath like she did when she was excited. It was one of the cute things she did that made him love her. He put his finger over her lips. "Sssshhhh. I love you too, my Mione. I think I always have but was too afraid to lose your friendship as well. And I think you're beautiful so I'd appreciate you not denigrating my girlfriend." He smiled at the look of happiness that came to her face. The next thing he knew, he'd been pushed down on the bed and was receiving the best kiss of his life. As his brain finally engaged, he kissed her back with all the love he had. There was a knock on the door and Harry and Hermione jumped apart as Sirius came in. Looking at how close they were sitting, he said with a small grin, "So Remus and I were right, you two are a couple." "Now we are." Hermione answered as she went to Sirius who was sitting on a bed. She put her arms around Sirius. "How are you doing Sirius?" "I'm fine." He said quietly. "Yeah right." She responded sarcastically. "Tell me how you really are." "My 2 best friends are dead. How am I supposed to be? Teddy is without a father. How am I supposed to be? I can't believe he's gone" Sirius choked out as he started to cry. Both Harry and Hermione wrapped Sirius in their arms until he was done. He looked up at them sheepishly. "Thanks guys. I needed that. We have to be here for Tonks and Teddy." He took a deep breath and became business-like as he stood. "You two need to take showers and get dressed, there's a lot to do today. Meet me down in the common room in 30." He said as he left. They looked at each other and smiled shyly. "We probably shouldn't tell anyone about us before I tell Ron." Hermione sighed. "Yeah. I'm a little nervous about his reaction. I'm a little worried that we'll lose him as a friend but after abandoning us on the hunt, I'm not really happy with him right now." He scowled at the memory. "Why don't you take a shower while I organise this?" she waved a hand at the bag she always carried. "Sure." He replied getting up as he kissed her forehead and went to the shower. After taking a nice, long, very hot shower, he got out to shave and get dressed. He walked out and she kissed him before she walked to the showers. "Be back in a few." She said. About 20 minutes later they walked downstairs to see Sirius and the Weasleys all sitting around. "Ron, can I talk to you?" Hermione asked, gesturing to a quiet corner. "Yeah." He got up and followed her. She took a breath and let it out slowly, seriously afraid she'd lose him as a friend in the next few minutes. "Ron, I think we need to clear the air." She began, sitting down on a chair. "Why? We kissed last night, isn't that great?" He sat down on the arm of her chair and took her hand. "That's what we need to talk about. I really like you Ron. And for the longest time I thought I loved you but last night when I saw Harry's dead body coming out of the forest, I realized that it was him I truly loved. It's not that I don't love you Ron but as a brother, not the man I want to spend the rest of my life with." She said in a rapid-fire breath. HP As Harry and Hermione separated, Hermione to talk to Ron and Harry to talk to the Weasley's and Sirius, Harry was a little apprehensive about the Weasley family's reaction. He sat down and noticed Ginny curled up on Dean's lap crying. Well, at least she's not waiting for me, he thought. He looked over at Fred and George who both had puffy eyes from crying. "I'm sorry about Charlie, guys." Harry said somberly. "Thanks, mate" George replied. "It means a lot that you care with everyone you lost." "I guess it hasn't really hit me yet. If there's anything your family needs, just let me know." "Harry," Arthur spoke up. "Could you be a pall bearer for Charlie? We don't have enough children and I know I can't do it." Arthur's voice was a whisper as he ended. "Of course Arthur. I'd be honored to. If you need anything, all you have to do is ask." He stood up and gave Arthur a hug. He looked down at a clearly devastated Molly, sat down next to her and let her cry. It was the least he could do for the woman he'd grown to love over the last years. It was as he was murmuring nonsense to Molly that everyone in Gryffindor Tower heard Ron yell, "SO I'M JUST A SUBSTITUTE FOR HARRY! HE GETS EVERYTHING, FAME, MONEY AND NOW MY GIRLFRIEND! THAT'S JUST GREAT. I HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT LIFE." Arthur stood up and in just a few strides was next to Ron. He grabbed ahold of Ron's hand which looked like it was about to hit Hermione. "How dare you Ronald." Arthur said in that low, deadly voice that each Weasley child knew to fear. Arthur was usually a very genial, low key man; however, when he was truly angry his voice took on a tone that had every Weasley cringe. Arthur pulled Ron's arm behind his back and turned him toward Arthur rather than Hermione. Arthur noticed that Harry had moved Hermione away from Ron but was furious. "I can't believe you were about to hit a woman. Have I taught you no better than that?!" "Dad! She kissed me last night and now says she's in love with Harry!" Ron yelled petulantly. "So that gives you the right to hit her? No Ronald that does not. I can't believe a son of mine would even think of such a thing." He took a deep breath and counted to ten. "Ronald, go back to the Burrow while we get Charlie's body for burial." Arthur said pointing to the portrait hole. Ron turned on his heel and gave Harry a dirty look as he left. As everyone in the common room watched Arthur reprimand his youngest son, Harry took Hermione in his arms and let her cry. "I can't believe he almost hit me." Hermione whispered as she stopped crying. "We've lost him Harry. There's no coming back from that for me." She looked at Harry apologetically. "Don't apologise Mione. He's lost me as well. I just don't want to lose the Weasley's too." "You haven't Harry." Bill said from behind him. "You're our brother too so, even if Ron's being an arse, you're welcome at the Burrow or Shell Cottage any time." "Yes Harry." Molly stood up and took one of his hands. "I've already lost one son today, I'll not lose another." "Thanks Mrs. Weasley." "That goes for you too Hermione." Hermione smiled her thanks. "Sorry to butt in" Sirius said, "But we need to go see McGonagall, Harry and Hermione." "Sure Sirius." Harry turned to the Weasley's. "Please let me know when you need me for the funeral—that is if you still do." "Of course, we do." Percy answered for everyone. Harry gave Molly another hug before they started up to the Headmaster's office. Sirius turned into Padfoot as they left. "I guess, technically, you're still a fugitive so it's safer if you walk around as Padfoot, eh?" Harry smiled down at his Godfather. "We've got to get you released from that. Maybe with a new Minister we'll be able to do that." "I wonder who the new Minister will be?" Hermione asked. "Merlin, I hope it's someone that isn't corrupt." She muttered as she opened the door to the Headmaster's office. There, sitting next to the fire, were Minerva and Kingsley. Padfoot became Sirius. "Well, I certainly hope so too Miss Granger as he is me." Kingsley laughed as he stood up to shake the three newcomers' hands. "That's brilliant!" Harry smiled hugely. "Congrats Kingsley! Couldn't have gotten anyone better!" "Thank you, Harry. That means a great deal." Kingsley said seriously. "Please have a seat everyone. Tea?" They nodded and sat down as Tea and biscuits were brought in. "We have a few things to discuss with all of you." "Will you two be returning to school next year to finish your NEWTs?" McGonagall asked. "Are you the new Headmistress?" Harry asked. "Or are they going to appoint some ministry flunkie?" At this Kingsley laughed heartily. "We have no designs on Hogwarts, Harry." Kingsley answered after he stopped laughing. Harry and Hermione looked at each other, only communicating with raised eyebrows and hand gestures. At this Sirius couldn't help looking at Minerva and asking, "Their behavior remind you of someone?" before he started giggling. "Yes Sirius." Minerva said before she too started giggling. As Harry and Hermione continued 'talking' in this manner, Sirius and Minerva went from giggling to outright laughter. "Mind filling me in?" Kingsley snarked. "Jamie and Lily used to do the same thing." Sirius answered as he tried to stop laughing. "It made them great while on missions for the Order but drove us mental any other time they did it." "Oh." Was Kingsley's reply. As the room quieted, Harry stated. "Yes Headmistress, we will be here next year. We really don't want to be apart and we'll need our NEWTs for employment." "Great. That makes some decisions easier." Minerva muttered. "We also need to talk about your freedom Sirius." Kingsley began as he conjured a piece of parchment. "Here is a Pardon signed by myself and Chief Witch Marchbanks." He handed it to Sirius. "I submitted my memories of you fighting in the DOM and here last night. We also found Dumbledore's memories of you telling him what happened in Harry's third year in Fudge's office. It seems he tried to talk Fudge into giving you a trial but Fudge refused. Bloody bastard." "That's great Kingsley. Thanks." Harry said as Hermione bent down in front of Sirius as he just stared at the parchment, stunned. "Sirius, this means you can come out of hiding." She prompted softly. "Yes. But I never thought it would happen. Now it has and I don't know what to do." He whispered as he looked at Hermione. "Well, we'll figure that out as a family." Harry confirmed. "Sirius, I would like to talk to you about the Wizengamot." Kingsley stated. "What about it?" "Well, you and Harry both hold seats in that body. As a lot of those seats will be disqualified because the Head of House has the Dark Mark, we need as many light families to take up their seats as possible. Are you and Harry willing to?" "You want me to be a politician?" He shrieked as he looked around like a caged animal. "Yes, Sirius. We need people who understand how the purebloods think but won't act like them. You're the only name I can come up with." "Oh bloody hell." Sirius whispered before he said resignedly, "Fine. But Harry you're joining me. I'm not doing this alone." "I have no idea what I'd be doing." Harry warned frantically. "We'll figure it out love." Hermione whispered. "I'll use this summer to train you, maybe bring your friend Neville in too, he's about to be Head of House and have a seat on Wizengamot." Everyone could see that Sirius was deep in thought. "Kingsley, do you need us for anything else? We need to find Tonks and help her with arrangements for Remus." Harry stood. "No. You can probably find her in one of the chambers off the Great Hall where the bodies are." He looked at his watch. "Lunch will be served in 20 minutes." He replied as a way of dismissal. The three new family members left Kingsley and Minerva. As they walked down the stairs, Hermione took charge. "Let's go find Tonks and get her to eat something. Where have she and Remus been living all this time?" She wondered. "With me at Grimmauld. Her parents don't have the room and Grimmauld is safe." Sirius stated, coming out of his planning. "So where was Teddy born?" Harry asked. "At Grimmauld. It was strange watching another birth. I never thought I'd see one after yours." Sirius grinned. "Teddy's was as much a mess as yours." As he said this, they walked into a room of bodies and spotted Tonks next to one. She was sitting on the floor next to Remus, just holding his hand and crying. Harry went to her and sat across from her to take Remus' other hand. "He was an amazing man and would have been an even better father. I can't imagine how you feel because I can't imagine Remus not in my life." He looked over at Tonks as she just nodded. "I've been sitting with him ever since the battle was won and I still can't comprehend that he's not coming back. It felt as though it took forever for us to get together and now, he's dead and I have no idea where to go." She looked up at Harry with dead eyes. "You come back to Grimmauld and we raise Teddy as Rem wanted us to. As a family Dora. You, me, Harry and Hermione if she's willing." Sirius stated firmly. "Of course, I'm willing." Hermione cut in. "Although why don't we find a house that's more conducive to kid raising? You never know, maybe Harry and I'll have a kid of our own someday." She smiled as Harry blushed. "Sounds great." Harry and Sirius agreed. "Come on Dora, let's eat and pick up Teddy. Where is he?" Hermione took her hand and helped her up. "With my mum but I've got to go get him." "Alright. After we eat." Hermione said as she sat down at the table. HP After lunch, everyone floo'd to the Tonks' residence to find the newest member of the family. As Harry stumbled out of the floo, he heard what sounded like screaming from a banshee coming from the kitchen. He hurriedly entered the kitchen to see Sirius holding a bundle in his arms while Tonks was sitting at the table doing something he couldn't see with her shirt. "Sirius, hand him here please." She yelled over her son. Sirius handed him over in a fluid motion Harry hadn't believed Sirius could manage. Soon, the house was quiet as Harry assumed his godson was eating. He daren't look because he might see something he didn't want to. "So, how is everyone doing?" Andromeda asked hesitantly. "Look at your daughter Andi." Sirius said sharply. "Does she look like she's doing okay?" "Sirius. Peace." Hermione put her hand on his arm. "She's just concerned." Andi came over to Sirius and hugged him. "I'm sorry, Sirius. I know you must have had a horrendous twenty-four hours. I know how close you three were. If you need to talk, I'm here." "Sorry Andi." Sirius looked sheepishly at her. "Is Voldemort really dead?" "Yes, he is." Harry confirmed. "I killed him." They fell into silence as Tonks finished feeding Teddy. She situated a burp cloth on Harry's shoulder, settled Teddy in his arms and said, "You better burp your godson." as she smiled at the bewildered look on his face. She began to pack the nappy bag as Hermione showed Harry how to coax a burp. "Harry, you have to pat him harder than that." She scoffed. "It won't hurt him." "He's so small. I'm afraid I'll break him." He whispered back. "You won't. He's a hardy kid." Tonks added as she came back in as Teddy belched loudly. "There ya go little one." Tonks cooed as she took Teddy out of Harry's arm "Wait!" Harry whined. "I just got used to him, now I can't hold him?" "Harry, I've seen you floo. You are NEVER allowed to floo with him. You'll drop him or smash him or something." She smiled as Harry pouted and the others laughed. Tonks turned to her parents. "Thanks for taking care of him, mum and dad. I'll see you in a few days." With that, the newly forming family floo'd to Grimmauld Place. "Where are we sleeping?" Harry asked Sirius as he got his balance. "Well, you, Hermione and I are all on the third floor. I'm in the Master as I didn't want my old room back—too many bad memories. There are five other bedrooms with baths for you to choose from. Rem, To—I mean Tonks and Teddy have the fourth floor to themselves." "I'm going to put Teddy in the nursery. Where will you be Cuz?" Tonks asked. "I'll be in the study. Come down after everybody settles in. We need to have a family meeting as soon as possible." Sirius stated in a firm voice. "Okay." Everyone agreed as they went to their respective floors. Harry and Hermione found two rooms next to each other. One was decked out in Hermione's favorite color, purple. One decked out in Harry's favorite, blue. "Seems as though Sirius did the decorating with us in mind." Hermione smiled as she came from her room into Harry's. "Yeah. I think he wanted us to move in with him after the war and was ready. Although I'd prefer not to live here, I'm glad I have a home to go to." He smiled as he took her hand as they walked downstairs to the study. Sirius was sitting behind the large, ornate, oak desk in the center of the room. There was a fireplace to the left of the door with couches around it. It also had a toy box in the corner. Obviously, Sirius spent time in here with Teddy. Harry was starting to notice an anxious, tense and possessive feeling when it came to Sirius and Teddy. Was he actually jealous that Sirius got to spend time with his godson? I'll talk to Hermione about that later, he thought as he saw Tonks come in and sit down next to them on the couches. She pulled out her wand and sat it on the occasional table between them and the fire. "Why are you putting your wand there?" Harry asked curiously. "I'll hear Teddy cry if he wakes up." "A spell?" Hermione asked. "Yep." Tonks replied as Sirius came over with a bunch of parchment in his hands. "I found Rem's will." Sirius began, waving the parchment. "It leaves everything to Tonks of course but it isn't much. However, it does specify to be buried in Godric's Hollow near the James and Lily. I guess he already bought the plots, is that right Tonks?" "Yeah. We did it right after Christmas. The service will be held at the funeral home there but I have to talk with them." As she said this, he went rifling through the papers again. "Here it is. We'll go in a while, yeah Dora?" "Sure Sirius." She responded quietly as tears ran down her face. "Another thing Dora. I'd like to bring you and Teddy back into the Black family. I've talked to your mum and she wants to come back too. Is that okay?" Sirius asked softly. "What would it mean?" Tonks asked. "It means that Teddy would eventually become Lord Black. After Harry and I both die. Unless he kills us, then he's disqualified." Everyone chuckled at that. "That's fine I guess." Tonks agreed. "As to this house, I'd like to sell it and get one out in the countryside if that's okay with everyone. And I'd like to do it soon." "My parents still own their house in East Grinstead near Crawley. Maybe you could move there. We own several acres on our lot. That's common around there." Hermione suggested. "I need to get my parents from Australia soon too." "Yes, we'll get portkeys and go find them after most of the funerals. I'm thinking maybe Friday or Saturday." "You'll come with me?" Hermione asked hopefully. She had thought she'd have to do that alone. "Of course. How many times do I owe you my life? The least I can do is help you find your parents." Sirius just shook his head at the idea that he wouldn't help. "We are all going to have to get formal robes tomorrow morning for these funerals. Harry, you and I need to be fit for our Wizengamot robes because I'm sure we'll have to be there at least on Tuesday or Wednesday to take up our roles." "I didn't know that I even had a seat on Wizengamot." Harry muttered. "I wasn't allowed to tell you until you turned 17 and by then it didn't matter—the war was going full blast." "Who kept you from telling me?" Harry asked, afraid he knew the answer. "Dumbledore. He didn't want you bothered and I saw how you dealt with your own trial. You would've been even more upset than you were. I thought we were doing what was right." He looked a little nervous at Harry's reaction. "That's okay Sirius. Do I wish I'd known? Yeah. But it's done now. The problem is, I have no idea how it works." He sighed. "Well I do. I learned at my father's knee. You will be shadowing me and watching how it works. Once you've learned what you need, you'll start leading any alliance we make in the meantime." Harry looked at Hermione, "I'm gonna need your help love." He gave her the lopsided grin she loved. "Of course." She smiled. "Oh Merlin. Kreature died a few month ago, so I was wondering if you could hire that elf that tried to break your arm a few years ago." Sirius grinned. "Sure, Sirius but we're going to have to pay him." Harry laughed at the look on Hermione's face. "Of course, of course." He smiled at Hermione. She was such an amazing girl. Why do all the Potter men get the good ones? Sirius wondered. "Well, we ought to take off for the funeral home. Can you two watch Teddy?" Sirius asked. "Sure, but we'll need some directions." Harry retorted. Tonks then gave them both directions about what to do when Teddy woke up. She showed them where everything was and showed Harry how to do the baby monitor charm. Tonks looked a little worried about leaving her son with two newbies. "Remember Harry. Please don't floo with him. If you have to floo, have Hermione do it." "Okay, okay." Harry grumbled good naturedly as they floo'd away. They went into the library and sat down. Harry laid down and put his head in his girlfriend's lap. After a few minutes of silence, Harry sat up and looked at Hermione. Her head was laying back on the divan with her eyes closed. As he sat up, one of her eyes opened. "What's wrong Harry?" "We should call Dobby and offer him the job." He replied hesitantly. He didn't want to upset her and it showed on his face. She put those fears to rest. "Harry, are you going to enslave him?" she asked." Are you going to make him punish himself? Are you going to overwork him?" "No. I'd never do that." Harry answered emphatically. "Then hiring Dobby is a good idea. Dobby?" she called as a loud pop was heard and the little guy started to bounce. "How can I serve Harry Potter sir and his Grangy?" he asked with a beaming smile. "Well, Dobby. My Godfather's elf died a while back and wants to hire you. Would you be willing to work for him?" Harry asked. "Of course, Harry Potter sir. I would loves to work for yous dogfather. Is this his house?" Dobby asked. "Yes, for now." Harry smiled at the dogfather comment. "Then I be making dinner." Dobby popped away. He popped back a moment later. "This be in the kitchen for you." He said as he handed Harry a piece of parchment and disappeared again. Harry looked down at it. It was from Arthur asking them to be at Charlie's Funeral at 12.30 tomorrow. The funeral was at one. Harry looked at his watch and couldn't believe it was only four. "It's too early to be this tired." He groaned. "Why don't we go upstairs and nap?" Hermione suggested as Harry just nodded and followed her up to his room. There, she sat down on his bed, pulled her shoes off and laid down, patting the bed next to her. He did the same and they fell asleep. HP A little while later, Harry heard crying. As he became more conscious of the world around him, he realised it was Teddy. He popped up off the bed like a rocket and ran up the stairs to the nursery. As he walked in, he noticed Teddy was wiggling around in his cot. "Hey Teddy." He cooed as he gently picked him up. "How're you doing little guy?" He strode over to the changing table, laid Ted down, and started to try to change his nappy. Teddy just cooed and giggled as Harry tried. "You think this is funny, do you? Well, let me tell you, it's not. Now please stay still, I can't get this thing pinned together if you don't stay still! Really Hermione should be doing this. I know she's at least read a book about this." The new Godfather grumbled. Teddy just kept wiggling and waving his arms as Harry grumbled on. "There! You're all nappied up!" He grinned at his adorable Godson as he buttoned up his clothes and swaddled him back up. Picking him up, the raven-haired Godfather turned towards the door to see Tonks, Sirius and Hermione trying very hard not to laugh. It didn't last long because Hermione began to chuckle which led the others to chuckle until they were all laughing hysterically. "Oh Merlin! That was the cutest thing ever." Hermione got out through her laughter. "The look of pride on his face was priceless." Tonks added. "At least he got it right the first try. I didn't. By the time I was done changing him for the first time both he and I were crying and James had to check it out to make sure it was done right." Sirius laughed. "Here's your son Tonks, freshly nappied." Harry said as he handed Teddy over and walked past everyone in what he hoped was a dignified manner. "I'm going to the drawing room to relax before dinner. You guys can join me when you're done laughing." When he got to what he was beginning to think of as "my seat", he noticed there was a Butterbeer sitting on the table next to it. Looking at it, he could only think of one person who'd do that. "Thanks Dobby." He said to the air. "Your quite welcome Harry Potter Sir." Dobby replied as he popped in. "Is there anything else I be getting you sir?" Harry looked at his diminutive friend "No but I haven't had the time to thank you for getting us out of Malfoy Manor, so thank you for saving our lives Dobby." "Yous be welcome Harry Potter Sir. Bad old Master wouldn't hurt Harry Potter Sir if I coulds help it." He answered with a big smile. "You're truly an amazing friend Dobby." Dobby popped out as Harry heard him crying. Knowing how emotional the elf was, he expected as much. At that moment Tonks came in with Ted. Harry got up and held out his hands for his Godson. "You want to feed him?" Tonks asked as she handed him over. "I don't have the equipment needed." He laughed. "That's why there are these inventions called bottles." She waved her wand to summon one. "I keep several filled so Remus and Sirius can feed this little monster too." She sighed. "I guess I won't have to keep as many now that Remus is gone. Let me show you how to do it, yeah?" Harry nodded as they settled in their seats and Tonks coached him through his first feeding. As he was nearly done, Sirius and Hermione came in. "Here Hermione. You can burp him." The young Godfather handed Teddy over. "So, you did your first feeding, yeah?" Sirius commented. "Yep." "Much easier than nappy-time isn't it?" Sirius laughed as Harry nodded fervently. "Whenever I was at their house, James would fob nappy-time off on me. You and I had some very fun conversations as I struggled with the nappy. You would giggle uproariously when I tried to nappy your head rather than your bum." "Well, even I must've known where the nappy went Sirius!" Harry laughed at the image. "I may try that with little one over there." Harry said as they all heard a huge burp come out of that tiny boy. "That's my boy!" Tonks reached over to pat her son. "What'd you guys decide for the funeral?" Hermione asked tentatively as she stood to rock Teddy. "It's Thursday morning at nine at the funeral home in Godric's Hollow. He will be cremated. There will be a wake afterwards that will have brunch foods. They'll take care of putting everything together. We just need to show up." Sirius said. "I'm giving the eulogy because Dora couldn't do it. Do either of you want to speak?" "I'd like to, if that's okay?" Tonks burst into tears. "Thanks Harry. He would've wanted that. You may not realise this, but he loved you as though you were his own." Harry moved from his seat to next to Tonks and took her in his arms. "Every night this last year we would both include you in our prayers. He was so worried when you didn't come back from the ministry. He and Sirius were prowling the floors wanting to go after you. Only Arthur turning up letting us know you got out got them to calm down. Wolfie was terrified you were gone. Now he's the one that's gone. How is that fair?" "It's not Tonks. But you have us now and we'll do Remus proud in raising Teddy. You're not alone" Harry promised as Sirius and Hermione joined the hug. As Teddy was squished in the hug, he burst into giggles. At that everyone pulled away. "There's too much sadness here." Sirius declared as he pulled Hermione and Teddy up and began dancing to unheard music. "Sirius! I have a baby in my arms, I can't dance" she mock scolded. "Dinner is being served." Dobby announced as they headed to the dining room. Sirius did everything he could to lighten the mood in the house to make sure they all went to bed in a better mood than they woke up. At the end of the night, Harry and Hermione shared a passionate good night kiss at Hermione's door and they each went to bed.
Ch 2 Sunday 3 May 1998 The next morning, Harry woke up to crying. He didn't understand what was going on until his brain began functioning properly and he realised that Teddy's crying was coming from closer than Tonks' room. He got up and went to investigate. He found Sirius' door open and walked in to see his Godfather dead asleep with Teddy tucked under his arm. How can Sirius sleep with that racket next to his ear, Harry wondered as he tried to figure out a way to extricate Teddy from Sirius without waking Sirius. "Bloody hell! This is impossible." He muttered as Ted noticed him and ratcheted up the noise level. "Okay little man." He whispered soothingly as he carefully moved Sirius' arm from around Teddy. He put the arm above Sirius' head and picked up Ted. "Okay little one, let's go get your nappy changed." He murmured into Teddy's head as he moved him to Harry's shoulder. After a much more successful change, Harry got him a new outfit and swaddled. "Dobby?" he whispered as Dobby popped in. "Yes Harry Potter Sir. How cans I help?" "Can you please get another bottle for me so I can feed little one here?" "Of course, Harry Potter Sir but I can do it if you need to do something else." "No thanks Dobby. I want to spend some time with him." "Okay Harry Potter Sir." He popped away and almost instantaneously was back. "Thank you, my friend." Harry said as he started feeding and rocking Teddy. "Little one, you don't know this but your dad was a good friend of my dad. Now both our dads are gone and we have to figure out how to live without them. Why don't we make a deal, yeah? I'll help you and you'll help me. We'll work through this life together. I'll always be there for you and you just keep being your normally giggly self and that'll help me, yeah?" All during this little talk, Godfather and Godson just stared at each other, Teddy holding on to Harry's pinky as he drank his milk. "What do I do with my life, now that Riddle's dead?" He asked his Godson as he started to burp him. "I mean I know that I'm going to spend my life with Hermione if she'll let me but what comes next little one? I don't want any more life or death nonsense so being an auror is out. What do I want to do?" "Whatever you feel like love." Hermione answered for Teddy. "And I'll be there for it all." "It's just so hard to figure out. I can't help thinking of all the orphans that have come out of this war. Maybe I can do something with them?" "Maybe. Maybe you could teach. We know you have a talent for that." His bushy-haired girlfriend suggested as she followed him to his room. "Could you watch him while I take a shower?" He asked. "I can take him Harry." Tonks said as she came to the door. "Thanks for cleaning him up." She smiled tiredly. "No problem. He and I had a good talk." Harry smiled as he handed Teddy back to his mum. "Well thanks. I got a nice long shower and was able to do it without worrying about this little guy." She smiled at her son. "I heard Dobby say breakfast was in an hour." She advised the teens. "And I'm sure we're leaving after that so I'd hurry up." "Will do." Both teens said as Hermione gave Harry a kiss. "I'll go take a shower now." She let her boyfriend know. HP An hour later everyone was sitting at the kitchen table eating breakfast. "Why aren't we eating in the dining room like we did last night?" Harry asked, curiously. "We've always had breakfast and lunch in here. Dinner was always in the dining room. Habit, I guess." Sirius shrugged. "Makes sense." Hermione said as she wiped her mouth. "After we're done here, we're going to Madam Malkins for formal wear. Then we'll go to Gringotts for portkeys to Australia. Then we'll go to the Ministry to take the oaths for the Wizengamot. Then we'll go to the Burrow." Sirius laid out the day. "By that point a listing of all the upcoming funerals should be at the ministry and we can get a copy. I'm sure there will also be some meeting of Wizengamot tonight. So, we'll have to go to that." Sirius finished. "We should also go to Crawley to get in touch with a friend of my family's who's a realtor so we can start looking at houses tomorrow." Hermione added. "Okay. Let's do that this morning if possible." Sirius planned. "Dobby, we won't be home for lunch and I'll let you know about dinner." "Yes Master Dogfather." He smiled up at Sirius. With that everyone left to floo to Madam Malkins. "How may I help you?" a twenty-something redhead asked as they gathered at the front of the shop. "We all need dressrobes." Sirius began as he put a hand on Harry's shoulder. "And my Godson here and I need sets of Wizengamot's robes made." He smiled at the girl. She blushed and stammered out, "Of course, sir. And your name is?" "Black. Sirius Black." He turned up the wattage on the smile so much so the girl was actually drooling. "Sirius! Stop it this minute!" Hermione hissed. "You're not here to flirt!" "Of course, Hermione." He turned down what he called his "charm factor" as Madam Malkin sent the girl away and began helping them herself. The girl was useless if there was a charming man around! Soon everyone was measured and the robes were ordered. "Please give me an hour to get them ready for you." "Of course, Madam." Sirius looked at his family. "Let's go to Gringotts." He started walking down the Alley. As they walked, they began to gather a crowd. It started with "There's Harry Potter! He killed He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named! Thank you, Harry!" or some variation thereof. At this Sirius just laughed. "Why does this happen all the bloody time?" The boy in question muttered as he held his head down. "Language Harry." "They don't know how to thank you kiddo—so they mob you." Sirius smiled at the horrified expression on Harry's face. "You're going to have to learn to deal with some of this for a long time to come. They see you as having stopped the war and this is how they express their gratitude." "But I only stopped Voldemort. A lot more people died fighting the Death Eaters. Why don't they care about those?" Harry asked, thinking of Remus and Charlie. "You're a recognizable figure so they'll glom onto you." Tonks contributed. Then began the horrendous catcalls. "Marry me Harry!" "I'll have your children Harry!". At this Harry took Hermione's hand and kissed it, trying to get them to realise he wouldn't be interested. Finally, they walked into the safety of Gringotts. Harry took a deep breath and stopped. He turned to Hermione and hugged her. "That was a bloody nightmare! Are you okay?" He asked as he pulled away from her. "Language Harry. But yes. It's just a bit overwhelming I guess." She smiled. They sat down in the lobby as Sirius got the portkeys. "Look up Harry. They're already fixing the mess we made!" "Yeah and it looks like it's almost done." The dome was almost completely repaired. "I got the portkey for this Saturday morning at 9." Sirius said as he came back a little while later. "Let's floo back to Madam Malkin's. It's been 45 minutes. And I'm thinking Harry doesn't want to go outside." They looked out and saw an even larger crowd waiting. "Nope!" Harry agreed emphatically. They floo'd back to the dress shop and changed into the dress robes—even Teddy had baby dressrobes to change into. After that, they floo'd to the ministry and went down to the Wizengamot office. Once there, Hermione and Tonks took seats in the waiting area. "So, how are you doing Hermione?' Tonks asked as they sat down, Teddy being put on a blanket on the ground. "I'm fine- I think. I'm a little confused with processing everything that's happened these past few days. I was really scared going into Gringotts because we stole a horcrux from their vault and made off with their dragon. I didn't know whether they'd let us in again" "Yeah. Goblins are prickly little buggers but I bet Sirius made some deal with them. We'll have to ask tonight." She laughed. As the women kept up a conversation, Sirius and Harry walked up to the receptionist. "Hello, I'm looking to claim my family seat on Wizengamot and so is my Godson." He smiled as she looked up from the Daily Prophet. "Of course, Lord Black." She replied as she got up. "Please follow me." She took a look at Harry. "Hello Mr. Potter. Thank you for doing what you did." She said a little shyly. "It wasn't just me ma'am. A lot of people fought and died in this war." He countered. "Yes. My own brother died but you stopped that evil man. Thank you." "You're welcome." He said. "My condolences on your loss." "Thank you. Here we are." She waved them into an office. "Thank you, ma'am." Sirius responded as he strode into the office. "How may I help you?" a man in his 50's asked as they sat down. They filled him in on what they needed. He had them sign a bunch of documents after providing blood to prove who they were. Then they took their vows. "I, Harry James Potter, solemnly swear to uphold the laws of Wizengamot. I affirm that I will protect and defend those that are under Wizengamot jurisdiction to the best of my abilities. I take this vow of my own volition as I take up my Hereditary seat passed down through time by my forefathers." After they each swore their vows, they received a document with the dates and times of the sessions for the summer. They also received a list of trials and when they might be needed as witnesses. "I haven't even been to one session yet and they're handing out homework already?" Harry asked his Godfather as they returned to the family. Sirius laughed. "Yep kid. Wizengamot is known for their proliferation of parchment. We'll get a house with a large enough study for both of us to use—you'll need it." Harry just groaned as he came up to Hermione. "What's wrong love?" she asked. "This!" Harry waved the file at her. "I've got homework and I'm not in school!" "Stop sounding like Ron." She said. "I'll help you tonight." She put the file in her bag. "It's 11 o'clock." Sirius looked at his watch. "Why don't we go to that realtor's place Hermione?" "Okay. Hold on." She said as she apparated them to an alley next to the building. "Come on." After introductions were made and Hermione assured the agent, Emily, that her parents would be back soon, they got down to brass tacks. "What we're looking for is something like my parents have. A large house, preferably more than 10 bedrooms, that has a pool, guest house with 3 or 4 beds, as much land as we can get because we like to be outdoors." Hermione rattled off. "That's going to be expensive Hermione." Emily worried her lip. "Price doesn't matter. We'll be paying cash." Sirius contributed. Emily's jaw dropped as she processed that. "Well, if money's not an issue, I have a few places that will fit the bill. Would you like to go now?" "How many are there?" Tonks asked. "Four or five." "Why don't we go tomorrow?" Harry suggested. "Of course. Tomorrow at nine then?" she asked. "Sounds good." Sirius got up as they all prepared to leave. The next stop of the day was the Burrow. As they walked down the trail to the house, Harry took Hermione's hand. Hermione was biting her lip so Harry pulled her aside. "What's up love?" he asked. "Ron. I'm worried about his reaction to us. I'm afraid he'll cause a scene." "Well, if he does, we'll let Arthur handle it and do whatever he wants. I want to be there for them but I won't be a distraction." He replied as he put his arm around his beautiful girlfriend. "Just remember that I love you with all my heart." With that, they walked through the front door and followed the noise to the kitchen. "Hello Harry, Hermione!" Molly came around to give them hugs. "How are you two? Welcome back." She said in a very false chipper tone. "We're fine." Hermione assured the Weasley matriarch. "Can I help with anything?" "Of course, dear. Can you please move these platters into the tent on the right?" She asked as she pointed to the wide array of foods. "This looks amazing!" Harry's eyes were wide as he looked at the food. Molly gave a loud laugh as she batted away his hand. "And you can eat it later young man!" As Hermione was moving dishes out, Harry looked up the stairs to see Ron coming down. "So, you're here to try and sneak my family like you did my girlfriend" Ron said sulkily as he came into the kitchen. Harry took a deep breath and counted to ten-twice. "I'm here to support people I see as family Ron." "They're my family Harry, not yours. Yours are dead, don't steal mine!" "Ronald Bilius Weasley! How dare you say something like that! On today of all days!" Molly screamed as Arthur ran in the house. Not needing to be told what happened, he took his wife in his arms and said. "Go to your room now Ronald and stay there until you're ready to be civil to everyone. How dare you cause your mother heartache today!" Hermione walked in just at that moment and went to Harry as he went rigid. "Should we leave?" she asked Harry. "I heard it all out there." She sighed as he looked a question at her. "Please don't leave Harry." Arthur pleaded. "Ronald will either come down or not. It's his issue, not yours. You're as much part of this family as he is." Harry nodded his head as he walked out the back door where he went to the tent to sit down. "Harry, we need a greeter at the entrance to this tent, could you be one?" Fred asked a little while later. "Sure." He got up and went to the entrance of the tent. "I figured you would have somebody for this duty." He looked at Fred. "We did. Ron. But he's being an arse." "I'm sorry, Fred." He truly didn't want to cause this family any more trouble but it seemed just being here caused a problem. He couldn't leave though because that would upset Molly even more. Gods, can't anything go right? He asked the universe. "Not your issue, mate. Ron's just being the child he is." Harry was surprised that Fred actually seemed angry at Ron. After that there was no real chance to talk to any of the Weasleys as they got busy with guests. The service was heartbreaking for anyone who knew how close this family usually was. Each sibling of Charlie's, except Ron who had not attended, stood up to speak. Bill began by saying, "I will not start off with my brother's full name. He never liked it. Charlie was an amazingly lax person who enjoyed the simplicity of life on the dragon reserve or the solitude of being a seeker." Then each sibling went on to discuss their brother. After the service, everyone trooped out to a tree with a hole dug for Charlie's body. Bill, Percy, the twins, Harry and Arthur took the coffin from the sitting room, where it had lain with the top open, to the tree and set it in the ground. Arthur was there because Ron was not. Instead of being there to comfort his wife, he was having to deliver his son to his grave. No father should have to do that. Molly was sitting crying on Ginny's and Hermione's shoulder because she was not only grieving her son's passing but her youngest son had abandoned them. Harry was livid. After Hermione handed Molly over to Arthur, she saw Harry headed towards the house. "That's not good." She muttered as she signaled to Sirius. He jogged over and she just pointed to Harry. "Shite!" He grumbled as each of them could see the blow-up brewing on Harry's face as they ran to catch him. Once in the house, Hermione yelled, "Harry!" He turned around and the look on his face actually scared his best friend. He turned back around and they all started climbing the stairs. "Don't bother. I won't hit him and I'll put up silencing charms so we don't disturb the guests but I can't not say something Hermione. Molly deserved to have everyone with her not having to be com-" He took a breath before he opened Ron's door. "Hello Ronald." He said in a very cold voice as Ron looked up belligerently. "What do you want Potter? My room?" He stood up. It was as though a light went on in Harry's head—Ron had no concept of others unless it related to him somehow. It was useless to yell and scream because he could never see past his own needs to see what others might need from him. "I'm sorry Ron." He said as Hermione and Sirius looked at each other skeptically and began putting up silencing charms. "I came up here to yell and scream about how your mother had to cry into Hermione and Ginny's shoulders while we laid your brother to rest because your dad had to help carry the coffin. However, I realise now that'd be a waste. You don't care about anyone or anything unless it affects you. If you need something, you ask and whine if you don't get it. But if something is required of you, you never do it." Harry closed his eyes against the realisation that Ron couldn't care about Harry and never would because he was just that selfish. He took a breath. "Good bye Ron." He turned around and walked out on a man he had loved like a brother. "Well, at least I get my family back." He yelled as Harry was about to shut the door. He came back in. "Oh I'll be back to the Burrow and your family will be at our new place." He said nodding to his companions. "However, you will not." "You won't come when I'm here!" He screamed as the new family members left for the kitchen and said good bye to the rest of the Weasleys. As Harry said good bye to Bill, he said sadly. "We're moving out of Headquarters but once we're settled and get Hermione's parents back, we'll have you all over. We're done with Ron though." "I'm sorry Harry." He responded as he gave Harry a hug. "We'll see you soon." "Thanks Bill." HP By the time they apparated to Grimmauld, it was 5.30. Everyone settled in the drawing room as Dobby popped in to take overcoats. "Dobby could we have a light dinner soon? I think we're all pretty tired and would like to decompress then go to bed." "Of course, Master Dogfather. Sandwiches and drinks will be in here shortly" Dobby returned. "So Harry," Sirius started. "When did you go from wanting to kill Ron to just scaring the pants off of him? By the way, let me know before you ever get that angry with me, I want to head it off before you blow!" "Don't worry Sirius, I'll let you know when he gets near that level. I can read him like a book. That's why I followed him." Hermione chuckled. Harry laughed. It was true, Hermione knew him best out of everyone he knew—and she knew how to calm him down too. He reached for her hand and smiled "I realised on the landing that Ron would never think of others." Then he told them of his epiphany about Ron. "Yeah, I guess you're right." Hermione shuddered. "And I kissed him. Yuck!" At that they all laughed as Hermione meant for them to. They ate a quick dinner and were ensconced in their own beds by 8.00. Monday 4 May 1998 Next morning, it was the same as yesterday. Harry woke up, found Teddy with Sirius and got him up. Everyone was at the kitchen table by seven thirty in the morning. They eventually apparated to Emily's office. "Why is Teddy always with you in the mornings?" Harry asked his Godfather. "Because he wakes me up around two for a feeding and I don't take him back upstairs afterwards. He also gets a feed around four." Sirius laughed as he shrugged. "I'm lazy and the kid's adorable so it works." "Okay. But why don't you wake up at six with him?" "I usually wake up but you've gotten to him faster these days." "When did you start this?" Hermione inquired. "A few days before the battle." He responded as they walked in. "Hello everyone." Emily greeted brightly. "I think I've found some good prospects for us to look at. Now, none of them are in Crawley proper but they're not too far from here. They're all within five miles. There's even the property right next to your parents Hermione." "Which one?" "I believe it's the Tilgate property." "That one's amazing." She looked excitedly at Sirius and Harry. "It's got nearly 20 acres to it, a pool, 2 guest houses with like 3 bedrooms each, stables for horses, a party pavilion that they used to hold New Year's parties in. I've never been in the actual house though." By this time, she was bouncing up and down in her seat. "Okay. I guess we need to see that one." Sirius laughed as he put a hand on her shoulder to calm her down. Harry just laughed and Teddy giggled in his arms. "There are a few more like that. Why don't we get started? I'll take you through all four of them, leaving the one in Grinstead until last." She said as they all got up to leave. When they got in the people mover and on the way, Harry was enthralled with the beauty of the countryside they were driving through. "You know, Hermione. You are so lucky to have grown up with all this open space." He said as they got out at their first house. "Yeah. I'm lucky my parents have so much land I can hide away from them to read my books." At that everyone, including Emily, burst out laughing as they got out at the first house. The house, or more appropriately called a mansion by Harry's standards, was beautiful and almost exactly what everyone wanted—except it had no place for a Quidditch Pitch. Harry and Sirius nixed it for that reason. The next mansion was nixed because it didn't have a bedroom on the ground floor, which Tonks wanted in case older people came to stay and didn't want to be levitated to their room By the third one, Sirius was starting to get grumpy. Hermione had started taking notes on what they liked and didn't like about each property as they had decided to see all of them today and decide this evening. The fourth place didn't have a guest house but had plenty of bedrooms in the main house and everyone loved it. The fifth place was next to the Granger place. It had a long drive where the house was set in the middle of the property. "This is a 16th century house that's been renovated over time." Emily began her spiel. As they came in the entrance hall, they saw a sitting room to the left but the entrance hall was split at the back with a glass half-wall. Behind that was a small vestibule with a staircase going up. As they went into the hardwood floor sitting room that had a fireplace, they noticed a much larger sunken drawing room a few steps further on. This also had a fireplace. At the back of the sitting room, there was a door that led to a huge study. "Well, we've found our study Harry!" Sirius joked. It had a large desk, another fireplace with seating around it, walls lined with bookshelves and a door to the back garden on the back wall. The door on the right wall led out to a hallway and there was a utility room door across the hall. There was a door to the outside there as well. Next to the utility room was a bathroom. Both the utility room and bathrooms had doors to the stairwell or rear hallway. There was an entrance to the kitchen/dining room from the rear hallway. There was a small bedroom off the kitchen. On the first floor, there were 7 bedrooms with en suites and fireplaces. On the second floor, there were four en suites with sitting rooms attached. Two had a small nursery or office attached as well. On the third floor was the half attic that was a game room. "We can get a pool table up here." Harry exclaimed. There was a four-car garage with a two-bedroom apartment above. "This place would be great for you Harry when you're single and want to live out of the house." Tonks suggested. Out back there was a patio that went across the whole back side of the house. Off the left side of the house, there was a pathway to the enclosed pool. Two small (4 bedroom) houses were seen in the distance. This back part of the property had a party pavilion which had its own driveway and enough room for the Quidditch Pitch as well. Luckily, the area to use as a pitch was between the main house and the smaller houses. "Okay, this place is brilliant!" Harry enthused. "We don't even have to leave the property when we want our own house." "And Grandparents, Aunt Tonks and Grandad Sirius are all here." Hermione grinned as Tonks and Sirius grinned at each other. Though they doubted the youngsters had talked about the future, they were certainly acting as though they would be married sooner rather than later. That Tonks and Sirius were included in that made both feel pretty good inside. After they got back to the office, Sirius asked for a recommendation for a restaurant for lunch. Emily mentioned Charlie's Deli, so they walked there. Once they were seated, Hermione started the conversation. "So what'd you think guys? Should we go through each property's pros and cons?" "You don't want to do that." Harry chuckled. "I could see you decorating the house in that beautiful brain of yours." "And which house was I decorating?" She replied stiffly. "The one we saw last." "And you weren't picturing the Quidditch Pitch?" "Of course I was. That place was amazing!" Sirius just chuckled at the affronted look on her face. "Hermione, it was obvious which house you liked and Harry and I liked the same one." He then turned to Tonks. "And which one do you like?" She swallowed and said. "The last one. The hardwood throughout and the beautiful kitchen. Dobby's going to love it!" "So it's settled. We'll tell Emily this afternoon and she can start the paperwork. Can you phone—is that the word—her Hermione and let her know?" Sirius asked. He really didn't know if he got that term right. He hadn't been using muggle technology since Lily was alive. "Yes, I can and yes, it is." She laughed at the relieved expression on Sirius' face. "Hermione tell me if I get something wrong. I need to blend in better and I'll need your help for a while." She looked at him thoughtfully. "You really do want to learn about muggle life, don't you?" "Yes." He said as he got up to pay. "I don't want to be one of those purebloods who think they're above muggle technology. I remember when Lily first introduced me to lights, I was amazed. That's part of why I want to live here. I want lights not candles." He growled playfully as everyone laughed as they left the deli. "So, let's apparate home and you and I need to go to the Wizengamot session that starts at three." He looked at Harry. HP At 2.55, Lords Potter and Black apparated into the Ministry. "Harry, remember, don't talk just watch, okay?" "Sure Sirius." Harry said a bit nervously. Sirius put his hand on Harry's shoulder which always seemed to calm him down. It had ever since Harry was a baby. "Thanks Sirius." Harry smiled weakly at his Godfather The Wizengamot session started out extremely boring. Roll call, basic bureaucratic stuff. Then it got interesting. Sirius began the melee. Harry realised later that he should have recognised the signs of a prank of epic proportions. "Lords and Ladies, may I be allowed to speak?" "The Chief Witch recognises Lord Black as having the floor." Chief Marchbanks intoned. "Lords and Ladies, as you probably know, I fought on the side of Light not only in the last war but also this one. I was there at Hogwarts trying to keep Voldemort from killing our children. On that day, I witnessed much death—even some students died—but the biggest devastation for me was losing my best friend Remus Lupin. I will never forgive Voldemort and his servants for what they've taken from me." He said harshly. "To prevent this from ever happening again, I would propose 2 statutes: first, that everyone in the ministry from the Minister to the lowliest clerk—including all members of Wizengamot—prove they are not a Death Eater. All they have to do is raise their left forearm. There is a spell in the Black Library that will bring out the Dark Mark if it is being masked by any magical mean. We run this spell over every single person. Those that have it get a fair trial—something I was never afforded—and if their crimes are severe enough, they get put through the Veil. Secondly, anyone claiming the Imperious Curse be given the same trial. They may have been cursed to take the slave mark, however, their actions afterwards are their own. We cannot have those susceptible to the curse as our lawmakers and officials. Those are my two suggested legislations." At that, the hall burst into chaos, so much so that some seemed to be simply blubbering. It was actually quite funny to Harry and Sirius. It seemed they all knew someone who would lose their seat or go through the veil. "How dare you suggest anyone on Wizengamot would be a Death Eater!" someone shouted. "There is nothing wrong with believing the Pureblood cause." At that Harry started getting angry. He kept clenching the arm of the seat he was in until his knuckles were white. "That's incriminating yourself!" At that Harry stood, cast the sonorous charm and shouted "QUIET!" as everyone promptly shut down. "Anyone that believes Voldemort promoted the pureblood cause is stupid. Voldemort—oh stop hissing every time we say his name—is actually a half-blood with a witch mother and a muggle father. His—" "Lies! Lies!" was heard throughout the chamber. Harry just raised his voice. "His real name is Tom Marvolo Riddle. He changed his name after Hogwarts." At that point, he raised his wand and showed everyone the anagram Harry had learned in second year. "His mother died in childbirth and he was sent to an orphanage instead of his muggle father." By this time people were actually listening. "He killed off more pureblood heads of house than Grindelwald. He didn't care about purebloods, he cared about power—nothing more. And anyone who follows him is a slave pure and simple. When he called his slaves on the night he gained a body, they had to come, no matter what they were doing. Do we really want people in government who can be called at any time to do a mass murderer's bidding or are weak willed enough to let themselves be Imperioused?" "It's impossible to overcome the Imperious!" Someone shouted. "I did. At fourteen after being Imperioused by Voldemort himself! This was after being Crucio'd twice!" Harry repeated. And it went round and round like that until they adjourned at 7.00 deciding to vote on it tomorrow. The next few days were filled with buying the new house, getting to know Sirius and Tonks without the threat of war and generally trying to stay out of the public eye for Harry. After the vote for the two laws Sirius had submitted had passed, Sirius and Harry decided to not attend any more sessions until they got back from Australia. It had been decided that the Ministry would administer the Dark Mark Test in the next week and would work towards starting the trials on May 18th. Both Sirius and Harry were the first to take the test, then retreated home because they knew Remus' funeral was in two days' time. Wednesday 6 May 1998 On Wednesday morning, like every other morning, Harry woke up to Teddy crying. Unlike previous days, he didn't bother trying to be careful of waking his Godfather. As soon as he walked into the room, Teddy went from bawling to giggling. "Come on squirt, let's leave Uncle Sirius to sleep on and you and I can get up." He told the little man as he climbed the stairs to his nursery. "Okay, let's get the dirty stuff over so we can feed you." He started to change Teddy. "See little man, I'm learning how to do this, right?" He asked as he swaddled Teddy back up and took him to the rocker where there was a warm bottle sitting ready for feeding. "And what would we do without Dobby, little man? I can tell you, this would not be the seamless procedure it is. Thank Merlin for the little guy." He said as he rocked Teddy as he ate breakfast. Usually, after Teddy's breakfast, Tonks showed up and took him off Harry's hands. However, today she didn't so Harry took him down to his room. He conjured a Moses Basket to put Ted in as he was back asleep, grabbed his clothes and went to the bathroom for a quick shower. As he was about to barge in, his lovely girlfriend came out. "Hey love." She smiled as they kissed good morning. "Hey yourself." He smiled as he took her more firmly and grabbed her mouth more deeply than the simple peck. Both bundles of clothes dropped as they wrapped their arms around each other, trying desperately to make themselves one person. As Hermione moaned into his mouth, Harry pushed her back against the door. Their tongues exploring each other and dancing about, along with Hermione running her hands through his hair, was making him very hard. "Excuse me. Some of us might want to use the bathroom for its intended purpose." Sirius sniggered as they nearly bounced apart. Sirius' sniggers went to full out laughter at the looks of guilt on their faces as they moved aside for him. As he went in, Harry and Hermione looked at each other shyly. Both were bright red but were smiling. "We should do that more." Harry said lightly. "Yes, just not out here in the hall." Hermione returned as they both started laughing. "Since you're dressed Hermione, do you mind checking in on little one as I take a shower?" "Sure. Where is he?" "My room in a basket. Thanks." He said as Sirius and he switched places. "Soooo Hermione, how're you doing today?" Sirius asked with a crooked grin on his face and his eyebrows wiggling suggestively. "Something seems to be wrong with your eyebrows Sirius. Are you okay?" she asked innocently as she went to Harry's room. "Hmmmph" was all she heard in response as she opened Harry's door. To her surprise, Tonks was sitting on Harry's bed watching Teddy sleep. "You know, he is so much like his daddy." Tonks said as she motioned to her son. "He's always looking around, trying to figure his new world out. He has this one expression that is pure Wolfie. It's the look he gives right before he giggles." She smiled at her sleeping little prince. "I wish Wolfie were here. He loved Ted so much." She began softly crying. "I know." Hermione hugged Tonks. "You should have seen the look on his face when he told us Teddy was born. He looked so much younger than we'd ever seen him." "Yeah. This little man brought Wolfie alive. He was quite willing to help with night feeds. That's why I started using bottles. He'd wake up even though I needed to do the feeding. After the first few days, I just let him at it." She smiled. "Those are the things you've got to remember so you can tell Teddy." "Yeah." She said as she wiped her eyes. "So what are you doing today?" Recognising that Tonks was done talking about Remus, Hermione replied. "I was thinking we'd take Harry into the muggle world for clothes. Would you like to come?" "Sure. Let's talk to Sirius about leaving Teddy here though." She smiled.
A/N This is my first fanfic. I haven't written anything except History term papers in 30 years, so constructive criticism is great. I don't know if I'll keep updating because I don't know how comfortable I am with this. Anyway, we'll see how it goes. Ch. 3 Later that evening, after a full day of shopping, the three arrived home to see Sirius laying as Padfoot on an enlarged divan in the drawing room cuddled up protecting Teddy from falling, both sound asleep and even snoring in stereo. They each backed out of the drawing room and down to the kitchen before they all burst into laughter. "Oh that was so c-c-ute." Hermione said between laughs. "I-I-I want a ca-camera" Harry added. "R-Remus would n-n-never let him f-f-orget that." Tonks supplied "I see you found Master Dogfather with Master Harry's Godson." Dobby said with a wide grin as he came around from the icebox. As he did, he snapped his fingers and there was a photo of the scene. "I tooks a picture. I thoughts yous might likes it." He smiled as he handed it to Harry. "We've got to enlarge it and frame it." Tonks grinned. "We can put it in the entrance hall of the new house." "That's brilliant Tonks." Harry agreed "What's brilliant?" Sirius asked as he and Teddy came in. Harry handed the picture to Sirius. "Eh. That's awesome." Sirius grinned. "He got my best side too." He turned into Padfoot and showed off the side in the picture. Turning back, he just laughed. "Yeah, James and Remy would love that shot." "Dinners be served momentarily." Dobby said as he smiled indulgently at his wonderful family. He was so happy with his new life sometimes it was hard to contain himself. Thursday 7 May 1998 On Thursday, Harry woke up with Ted but he was definitely less talkative. He had spent most of the evening and into the night polishing and practicing his speech for the funeral today. "Well, kiddo, we're going to say goodbye to your dad today. I'm so sorry you won't grow up with him but we'll all be here to help you. You can come to us with anything you need. Just ask your mum." He told his godson. "Sirius and I already take care of you part of the night so she can get as much rest as she needs. We'll be here no matter what little man." He promised as he burped Teddy. "Is he ready for me?" Asked Tonks with forced cheer. "Yeah. Are you ready for today?" Tonks' smile disappeared as she took her boy. "How can I be ready to admit I'm never going to see my husband again?" She asked, her eyes taking on a dead quality Harry had only glimpsed briefly when she thought no one was watching. "I can't imagine that." Harry said honestly as he hugged her. HP The new family portkeyed to the funeral home in Godric's Hollow at 8.50 that morning. Both Hermione and Harry noticed that it was right next to the church his parents were buried in. They saw 3 tents erected in the graveyard, one near his parents' gravesite. "That must be Moony's" Harry said, motioning to it. "Probably." Hermione agreed as she wrapped her arms around him. As they walked into the funeral home, they realised the main room looked more like a church than a funeral home in the muggle world. Instead of it being a large room that's decorated in neutral colors, it had stained glass windows depicting people and events important to the magical world. A few minutes later, everyone began streaming in. People like McGonagall, Kingsley, the Weasleys, Professor Flitwick, Neville and his Grandmother, Luna, Xeno, the Tonkses and many others sat down in the seats. Hermione took Teddy from Tonks as she leaned into her mum. The Funeral Director said a few words about Remus, then Sirius got up to give the Eulogy. "I met Remus on the train to Hogwarts at 11 years old. He, James, and I became more than best friends, we became brothers. Over our infamous years there, we were known as an absolute menace to our Professors, especially our Head of House Professor McGonagall. With as many detentions as we received, Remus always got the fewest. For a while this confused us, until we realised that he seemed never to be a suspect. He made the point in, I think it was fourth year, that he had a reputation as being the smart, shy kid by the Professors so it was hard to catch him, while we were loud and boisterous. We didn't mind though. If he wasn't in detention, he was working on new prank ideas, so it worked." He smiled at the unlady-like snort McGonagall gave at that. Over the next 10-20 minutes Sirius talked about how they all bonded, how they seemed to separate because of the war and how they met up at Hogwarts in Harry's third year. "When I found out Mooney was a Professor, I laughed for a good 20 minutes. Only he, the studious one, would voluntarily go back to school." Everyone laughed at the shiver Sirius made. Sirius continued talking about how Remus kept his spirits up while he was a fugitive, how he finally gave into Tonks "And just married the bloody girl! When they found out they were pregnant, he was terrified but happy." He told of Remus first holding Teddy and deciding on Harry as Godfather. "The last conversation we had was walking into the castle that night. We promised each other that whoever lived would take care of Teddy, Tonks and Harry like they were their own. He was my brother in all ways except blood and I will miss him for the rest of my life. But I will honor that promise, as I know he would have in my place, until the end of days." At this he walked from the podium. He finally began to cry as Harry and he hugged and he sat down next to Tonks. Harry, his face glistening with tears already shed, took the podium. "As most of you know, I grew up knowing nothing about my parents until Hogwarts. It was then that I learned I looked like my father with my mum's eyes. That all changed third year when I met Remus. He started to fill in the facts about my parents: who they were, what they were like. He was my first contact that actually knew my parents and was willing to share them with me. He was a very kind, caring man that I was fortunate to have in my life these last almost five years. It was his tutelage that led me to be able to perform a corporeal Patronus at thirteen. Yes he was that good a teacher." He responded to the gasps of the audience. "Over these last years, I have been blessed to know such an amazing man. When I found out he married Tonks I was ecstatic. You could see he was truly happy. When he showed up at Shell Cottage a few weeks ago telling us about Teddy-well ecstatic doesn't quite cover it. It was as though he looked 10 years younger. When he named me Godfather to his child," he paused to stop himself from crying. Damn it, he'd made it this far, he wasn't going to cry now. "I was so incredibly honored I couldn't believe it. Teddy, Tonks, Sirius and I will all miss him in different ways but we will raise Teddy to know what an amazing man his dad was." He finished. As he came down, he saw Hermione give Ted to Sirius as she stood up to hug Harry and let him cry. As they sat down, the Director exhorted everyone to follow him out to the graveyard where they interred his ashes next to James and Lily. They then went back to the Funeral Home where a nice brunch was served and people began to talk about him. Sirius, Harry, Hermione, Tonks, and Teddy all sat down and ate to some degree. However, many people came up to share their stories of Remus. At one point, Neville, Augusta, and Luna came over. "I think my fondest memory of Professor Lupin was the boggart incident that year." He, Harry and Hermione all started to laugh. "What happened?" Augusta asked "I told him my greatest fear was Snape and, unlike most people, he didn't laugh. He just said something like 'he is pretty scary isn't he.'" Everyone burst out laughing, which woke Teddy as Augusta reached to take him. "You know, he told me last year that he chose you first because he wanted to give you confidence." Tonks volunteered. "Well, it did." Neville chuckled. "He loved teaching." Sirius sighed. "I was having trouble that year in Defence and Charms. He ended up tutoring me in both." Luna said. "I didn't know that." Harry said. "He loved all those tutoring sessions." Sirius continued. "I remember when we decided to get you those books your fifth year Harry. He went into overdrive trying to find the best books to buy. He was so happy you liked teaching." After a little while they said goodbye and others came and went for another hour or two, taking possession of Teddy for a while each. At around noon, the little family apparated home and ended up in the drawing room. Teddy had been put in his cot and the adults were finally alone. "Merlin was that hard." Sirius sighed. "Yeah and we've got two more tomorrow morning." Harry said with his eyes closed and head on Hermione's shoulder. "Those won't be as draining though." Hermione replied. "Who are they?" Tonks asked. "Colin and Lavender" "Then we're off to get your parents on Saturday." Harry grimaced. "Why that look?" Hermione asked sharply. "I'm about to meet your dad after spending nearly a year in a tent with you. Not only that but I'm coming as not your friend but as your boyfriend. And I know he owns a lot of torture devices. He is a dentist." "You can kill Voldemort, the worst Dark Lord in forever, but not face Daddy?" Hermione burst out laughing as she reached over and hugged him. "You are so cute sometimes." "And you're making fun of me." Harry said mock petulantly. "Meeting the parents…always disturbing." Sirius laughed. "James was absolutely terrified to meet Lily's parents. Lily had to apparate him there because he was so nervous, she was afraid he'd splinch himself." "Did they like him?" Harry asked curiously. "Oh, they got along great. Lily's dad and James talked football and Quidditch a lot that weekend from what I heard." Sirius smiled fondly. "Moony and I gave him such a hard time when he got back. It was fun." "Okay." Tonks said. "I'm going to go to sleep while Teddy let's me." "I think I will too." Hermione agreed as she took Harry's hand and they went upstairs. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do!" Sirius yelled at them. Harry gave him the two-fingered salute but he wasn't in the room for Padfoot to see. "None of that." Hermione chuckled. "Night Tonks." Harry said as she continued up the stairs. They walked into his room. "Wanna sleep here?" He asked as he transfigured his clothes into pajamas. "Sure." She did the same and laid on the bed. They spooned together on top of the covers and fell asleep almost instantly. They were really tired. HP While everyone else was sleeping, Sirius was feeling like a caged animal. He had to physically do something, so he left Grimmauld to go for a walk. On his walk, the images of the last few weeks went through his mind. Two weeks and one day ago, he was sitting with a very pregnant, very grumpy Dora and a very ecstatic, very alive Moony. They were just relaxing while Dora kept complaining of her back hurting. It seemed these pains were coming very regularly to Sirius. It wasn't until about nine that night that he understood what was going on. "Dora, the back spasms have been coming every 10 minutes, now they're every eight." Sirius said. "I think you're in labor." He laughed at the shocked look on her face. "I can't be. These are just fake labor pains." Tonks replied a little hysterically. "I was there when Lils went into labor. It started off that way too." "Really?" Moony asked agitatedly. "Yes. Maybe you should call your mum Dora?" Sirius suggested. After that is was a blur for Sirius until he got to see Moony finally hold his own son. The look of pride is something Sirius had only seen once before—on James the night Harry was born. Now they were both dead and he had to figure out how to live without them but with their sons. It should be Remus or James alive. They'd know how to handle this. They were the fathers after all. Now he needed to take charge and be the adult he had always pretended not to be. What was best for his new little family? Well, getting out of Grimmauld as fast as possible would be good for everyone, especially Tonks. Having made that decision, he apparated from a deserted alleyway. HP At Grimmauld, Harry woke up slowly. Getting his glasses, he looked at the clock: 4.30 in the afternoon. He looked over and saw Hermione cuddled into him. He could feel every part of her body along his. Just simply thinking about it made him hard. He took a deep breath and tried to calm the hormones racing through his bloodstream. Gods she beautiful. And smart and loyal and clever and sexy and strong-willed and sexy. And I love her so much I can't even put it into words. I can't imagine my life without her by my side. She can't possibly want me that way. That's not my luck, he thought, resigned to the fact that she wouldn't want him long term. "What's wrong, love?" She asked looking up at him. Better get this over with so we can build some friendship out of the ashes, he thought, better to be honest with her now than hurt her later. "I was just laying here thinking how beautiful and smart you are and that there was no way you would ever want me as a long-term boyfriend or husband. I'm thinking maybe we should break up now so we can remain friends. It seems the logical thing to do." He said quickly, it was hurting to say it all. She stood up and as he got into a sitting position, he noticed the anger on her face and the tension radiating from her body. What? I'm trying to save our friendship? He thought. "So you're telling me you don't want me now?" she said coldly "It's not that." He exclaimed frantically. "It's that I know you could do a lot better than me and you need that chance. . . And I still want us to be friends afterward" Oh my. He's scared too. That's what this is about, she mentally sighed. Now how do I deal with this? "Well, what if I don't want anyone 'better'. What if I just want my Harry?" "For good?" He asked hopefully. "If you'll have me." She smiled as she sat on his lap. "As long as you don't try and break up with me again." She added sternly. "Oh. I'll have you." He grabbed her waist and brought her to the bed underneath him as he spent quite a while showing her how much of her he would have. They stopped quickly as a knock was heard at their door. They both jumped up, pulling at their disheveled clothes in the process. "Come in." He raised his voice. The door opened to Tonks and Teddy in the doorway. "Could you take Teddy while I take a shower?" she pleaded. "Of course." Hermione came over to take the little bundle. HP That evening, after dinner, the family was sitting in the drawing room. Teddy was on the floor playing in his bouncer. "Did you get that at a muggle store?" Hermione asked Tonks. "Yeah. I was wandering London and I walked into a shop that had them. Teddy loves it." She smiled at her son. "While you were all asleep, I went to the real estate office and got the keys to the house." Sirius said, holding out the keys. "How did you do that? It takes at least a month for a person to move in." Hermione asked. "Magic. Or at least the magic of money." Sirius grinned. "I thought that while we were at the funerals tomorrow, Dobby could bring the essentials to the new place, then Tonks could decorate while we're in Australia." "Sure." Tonks smiled. "So this is our last night here. Great!" "I'm planning on selling this place and only taking the bedroom furniture in our rooms and the library. So Dora, you're going to have to buy all new stuff. I'm picking up a credit card for each of you that will be good at muggle or wizarding stores tomorrow." He held up his hand at the sudden cacophony of voices that assaulted him. "Please listen. I want to make sure that you each have a back up card to use in case you misplace your own money. It's just for emergencies and whatever we agree on as a family." "Okay." Hermione sighed as she plopped back into her seat. She was the most vociferous in her objections. "I just don't want to rely on anyone. I have my own savings." "I understand." Sirius smiled at how much of an independent streak Hermione had—just like Lily 'I can spend my own money, thank you very much' Evans. After dinner and some playing with Teddy, everyone headed off to their own beds. That night Harry had a nightmare and couldn't get back to sleep. He ended up with Teddy in his bed after Sirius gave him the bottle for the three or four o'clock feeding. Harry brought Teddy to his room, summoned the nappy and all the 'crap', as Harry'd begun to think of it, that went along with changing a baby's nappy and changed the kid. Then he lit the fireplace, conjured a rocking chair and sat to feed Teddy. After Teddy burped, they both fell asleep next to the fire—Teddy curled on Harry's shoulder. Of course, a few hours later Teddy woke up and tried to wiggle around. Harry woke up and caught him from falling. "No no there, little man. Don't scare your Goddaddy like that!" He sighed as he stood up to change the little guy. Teddy started to whimper as he got changed "Sorry Ted. Got to change you. Otherwise you'll stink. And you don't want that do you?" He sat down to feed Ted and thought he might be looking for a breast because he kept nuzzling into Harry. "Aren't we all kiddo." He laughed. "You'll understand when you're older. Girls' breasts are fun when you're my age—they're just food to you now but just wait." He told Teddy. "What are you telling my son about breasts?" Tonks asked mock sternly. "N-N-Nothing Tonks." Harry stared guiltily at the mother of his Godson. Tonks burst out laughing as she conjured a rocker and sat next to Harry. They just sat there for a while enjoying just entertaining the baby. HP Later that morning, they all attended Colin and Lavender's funerals. Colin's was in his hometown where everyone tried to dress as muggles. He was muggleborn, so there were loads of muggles there. It was a very solemn affair. Lavender's was at Godric's Hollow as well. It was a very pretty service with Parvati giving a small speech about her best friend. After the services, they went to a pub in Godric's Hollow for lunch. "Those were both very nice services." Tonks said as she fed Teddy. "Yes they were. I'm really going to miss Lavender next year. She was always so boisterous and happy. She was just too gossipy for me." Hermione sighed. They talked about the two students throughout the meal. As they left, Sirius suggested. "Why don't we go to the new house now? Dobby should have brought our stuff there already. I talked to him this morning and he said it wouldn't take too long." "Okay." Harry returned as they went to an alley and disapparated to the entrance hall of the new house. He began to laugh as he noticed the 1m by 2m photo of Padfoot and Teddy on the wall. "Dobby!" He called through his laughter. A second later Dobby popped in. Harry simply pointed to the picture and forced the words "Thank you, my friend." Out of his mouth. Dobby just smiled as everyone else figured out what had Harry so fussed and were laughing too. It was nice when your family appreciated you, Dobby believed They spent the next few hours just getting used to the new house. Teddy woke up as Harry and Tonks were walking around the pool together. "Here ya go Godfather." Tonks grinned as she handed him out of the papoose she was wearing him in. "You're really taking advantage of the fact there are so many people to care for him. Just fob him off to one of us why don't you?" Harry laughed at the mock affronted look she had. "Well, if you're willing to help, what kind of mum would I be to deny it?" She laughed as Harry and Teddy started cooing at each other. "Let's go check out one of the other houses here." They continued to talk about what was going to happen in the ministry in the next few weeks. "By the time I get back to work in August, the ministry will have changed drastically. I mean Kingsley as Minister? He's not nearly corrupt enough!" "Well, we're trying to change that. We don't want Teddy here to have to fight another Blood War. He's already lost too much in this one." Harry looked down at his baby Godson. "I just wish I could change how Hogwarts teaches." He sighed. "What do you mean?" "Well, a muggleborn just gets thrown to the wolves when they're sent to Hogwarts. They're visited by the school on their birthday, told they're wizards or witches, told how to get to Diagon Alley, how to get on Platform 9 ¾, given a book list and told to go at it. While purebloods already know all these things. I just think we need to educate the muggleborns more about how to navigate the wizarding world." "What are you suggesting? I've never really thought of it that way." She said thoughtfully "That's because you were raised in this world. I'm thinking of a class for first years about this stuff. I don't know. I'm just nervous that if we don't integrate them more into this world, we'll lose them." He bounced Teddy as he walked in the door of the first small house. HP While Tonks and Harry were out at the other house, Sirius and Hermione were in the main house choosing bedrooms. As they had discussed, Hermione, Sirius and Harry would choose bedrooms on the first floor while Tonks would get the rooms on the second floor with a nursery. Hermione chose a corner en suite with windows on two sides for plenty of light. It also led out to the balcony. As she was drawing up plans for her room, Sirius came in and sat on the floor with her, looking at her designs. "These are good Hermione. These drawings are very specific." Sirius complimented. "I want to make sure Tonks knows what to buy me for this room, so I thought I'd draw it out. When is Dobby bringing in our current furniture from Grimmauld?" "He's already brought mine and it's put up." He smiled at the astonished look on her face as she stood. "Dobby?" He popped in. "Can you please bring my furniture in soon?" "Of course Miss Grangy." He disappeared and a few seconds later he popped back in with everything. "Where shall I put these?" They spent the next few minutes arranging the room the way Hermione wanted. After it was done, all three went to the kitchen where there was the table from Grimmauld. "Dobby, please sit down." Hermione asked. Dobby climbed up onto a chair but was a little nervous. "What can I do for you Miss Grangy?" "First, my name is Hermione. Can you please call me that?" "Her-mine-ee?" He asked a little uncertainly. "Exactly Dobby. Thank you." Hermione beamed at him and he beamed back. "I understand that in my fourth and fifth years, when I was making all those hats for the House Elves at Hogwarts, that I was really upsetting them." At this statement, Dobby nodded his head so fast, Sirius got a little worried but laughed when Dobby fell to the ground dizzy. "Okay Dobby. We get it. Calm down." Sirius said between laughs. Dobby calmed down immediately. Hermione just gave Sirius a look and he calmed down too. "So can you tell me the history of your people so I might understand. I still want to help but I'm unsure how and I'd like to know how this happened." Dobby thought for a minute. "We don'ts talk about this all that muches." He began. "I was tolds by my grandpappy that we used to gets our magic from the earth. We came out of the forests when the Druids were dying out to see if wes could helps. We continued living outside the forests when the Invaders came. When one of the first armies came, there were magic users we interacted with. One was named Avitus. He bound all elves to him through dark magic. Because our magic is intertwined, once he bound one of us, he bound all of us to him. Then he used other dark magic to cut our source of magic, the earth, and make us use only human magic. If we wanted to live, we needed magic. Taking away our magic would kill us, so many of us bound ourselves to magic users. Over time, we forgot how to use most earth magic, except for things our masters need us to do. We learned that Avitus didn't bound all our magic, just most." "Like apparating inside the castle?" She asked. "Yes. But we mainly draw on our master's magic." "Then why are you not dead?" Sirius asked. "I don't know. I knows I'm better in tune with my earth magic. When the Great Harry Potter Sir freed me, I expected to die but ats least I is free before that happens." He smiled happily. "So if you can't be freed from wizards, do you want to be treated better by them? Is that how I can help?" Hermione prompted. "Yes Miss Her-mine-ee. That would be very helpful." He then got up. "I must start dinner." He said. "Wait Dobby." Sirius replied. "I need you to do me a favour. We're leaving for Australia tomorrow. Dora is going to be here with Teddy. She's going to be decorating the house and property. Would you please help her? Don't let her do it all on her own because she will try." "Of course. She needs her rest with the new baby. Don't worrys, I won't let her do more than she can." Dobby answered. "I'll even stay in the nursery to help at night." "Thank you, my friend." That evening, everyone ate dinner in a contemplative silence, then went up to pack. After dinner, Harry chose the room next to Hermione's and his stuff was moved in. Saturday 9 May 1998 The next morning was a regular morning, even if it was in a new house. Teddy was with Sirius, Harry got up with him and Tonks took him so Harry could dress. It was 7.30 when they all came down to eat. By 8.45, they were all packed and talking in the entrance hall. "I don't want you to stress yourself this week Dora. You need to take care of Teddy first. We can always take a while to decorate the house later." Sirius said as he hugged his cousin. "I know. Mum's already decided she's coming by every night. I'm not a child. I've lived on my own before." She sighed at Sirius' overprotectiveness. It was nearly as bad as Remus'. "You've never had a baby alone before." Harry defended. "We're just worried." "I'll floocall you a few times. Just go!" she said exasperatedly. They all grabbed the portkey and whirled away. "Finally, they're gone!" she sighed dramatically as she and Ted went up to their rooms.
Ch. 4 Harry felt the tug behind his navel as he whirled around. "Bend your knees on landing." Sirius shouted. Harry just nodded and hung on. Right before landing, he bent his knees and he came out standing. "Good." Harry muttered as he stood straight. "Where are we?" Sirius pointed up as he caught his breath. Harry looked up to see the marble structure associated with Gringotts. "Great. Do they know how to contact Hermione's parents?" "We're supposed to go in and see if the goblins have located them." Sirius said as they walked into the bank and queued up. It took a while to get to the front of the queue. When they did, the goblin looked much friendlier than in London. "How may I serve you?" He asked. Sirius looked at the nameplate. "Master Gripslate, we need to talk to a goblin named Master Bowslang. He said he would have some information we need. My name's Sirius Black." "Of course, Mr. Black. Please wait here." He got off his chair and went looking for something. "They are much friendlier here." Harry remarked softly. "Yes. They don't have the horrible relations with humans that they do in Britain." Hermione returned. "The wizards here are much more progressive than in England." At that point, Gripslate came back. "Follow me please." He stated as they followed behind. They came to a door that was obviously an office. "Master Bowslang will see you now." He bowed as he opened the door. Sirius walked in first, followed by Harry and Hermione. They sat down where indicated by the wave of the Goblin's hand. "Well, Mr. Black. I am glad to see you got here properly. I have all the information here in the folder." He handed a slim folder over to Sirius before Sirius gave it to Hermione. She dug right in. "You'll see that the Wilkins' are in a suburb of Sydney called Bondi. They are still in the home that Miss Granger bought them. There is the address of the dental practice they own. There is also a reservation at a wizard/muggle run hotel in downtown Sydney for a two room suite for a week. You can check in there after this. It is already 8.00 pm. The portkey to the hotel is reusable and there is a portkey to the Wilkins' house that is also reusable. If you need anything else, do not hesitate to call on me." "Thank you Master Bowslang. I was afraid I would have to do all this when I got here. I was sure that a week wouldn't be enough time. Thank you so much for everything." Hermione said enthusiastically. "It is no problem Miss. We here in Australia know what happened last week and wanted to show our gratitude by doing all we could for the Heroes of Hogwarts. Don't be surprised." He admonished at their surprise. "We heard both your speeches in the Wizengamot." He continued. "You three have our respect. You are true warriors." "Thank you, Sir." All three said as they bowed their heads. "Now go on to the hotel. Do not forget we are here to help." He said as he led them out of the office. They stood off to the side of the bank and portkeyed to a very nice hotel. "Wow." Harry said as he looked around like a kid in a candy store. It was a very elegant hotel. "Wish we could've stayed at a place like this last year." He smiled at Hermione. "Yeah. Five-star hotels, finding a horcrux every other day and home by Christmas, yeah?" They both laughed as she parroted Harry from last year. "What are you two laughing about now?" Sirius asked as he handed a key over to Harry and they went to the lift. "Nothing. Just talking about last year." Harry sniggered. "We have two bedrooms with a sitting room in the middle." Sirius informed them. "The keys work for both bedrooms. I'll take one, you guys take the other." Sirius looked at Harry. "Do not do anything she doesn't want to, understand?" He asked firmly. "Yes sir." Harry mock saluted. Then he looked more serious. "I know. I would never." "I know. Just protecting my girl." Sirius said as he put his arm around Hermione. She just looked up at him. "I can take care of myself!" she said hotly as they went into the sitting room. "I know but you saved my life, twice and I've grown fond of you. I try to protect those I care about." He replied calmly as they all sat. "Fine. I'll let you—this time." She returned as she sat down with the folder from Gringotts. "Sirius, she's going to be gone in her own world for a while. Why don't we unpack and come back out for a nightcap before trying to sleep?" Sirius nodded thoughtfully. "Makes sense." They got up to do their own thing. While Harry was unpacking, he was worrying about how the Grangers were going to react when they got their memories back. And what if they didn't? That would devastate his Hermione. Gods he hoped that didn't happen! She had already lost her best friend, Harry didn't want her to lose her parents too. Then there was the worry of what her parents would think of him as a suitable boyfriend. He knew that Hermione had told them everything about their adventures at school, so they knew he was a danger magnet. He couldn't help the feeling that he shouldn't be here, that he knew they'd hate him and that would hurt Mione. He wouldn't let her choose him over her family. She had what he'd always wanted—parents that loved her. He would not make her choose. Finished with his unpacking, he went back to the sitting room. Sirius was laying on the divan and Mione was in the same spot but with the papers spread about. He noticed that they were actual paper and not parchment. When he commented on it, Mione replied "Yeah. I've never figured out why magicals don't use paper and pen." She agreed. "It's because it's too muggle and the purebloods think muggles are savages and can't invent anything they can't." Sirius answered the unasked question. "Well, I'm taking paper this year." Harry stated. "We should talk to the muggleborns we know before school starts and get them to do it to. Force the change we want." "Sounds like a good idea." Sirius approved. "Maybe we can get the Wizengamot to do it too." "Yeah." Harry definitely liked the idea of a three-ringed binder rather than clipped together sheets of parchment. "I'm going to head to bed." Harry got up. "Are you coming Mione?" She looked up from her papers and put them in their folder. "Yeah." She said as she got up. "G'night Sirius." She said as she pecked him on the forehead. When she finally got into bed a little while later, Harry was waiting. "You want to talk about why you studied that file for so long?" He asked. "I'm just worried I won't be able to fix the memory charm on my parents." She sighed as she cuddled into her raven-haired boyfriend. "Mione, you're the smartest witch of our age. If anyone can do it, you can." Harry told her confidently. "I hope you're right." She looked at Harry. "Could you just hold me?" "Of course." He took her more securely in his arms as he quieted down to sleep. Sunday 10 May 1998 Harry woke up in a panic the next morning. It's late. Why didn't I wake up? Where's Teddy? He thought as he sprung out of his bed. He went through the door to the sitting room and was halfway through when he stopped dead as he realised Teddy's not here; I don't have to rescue him from Sirius. He turned around and went back to his own room chuckling a bit at the fact that he was so used to getting up with his little man. He climbed back into bed as Mione mumbled. "Teddy's not here love." "I know, just sleep." He pulled her onto his chest and fell asleep soon thereafter. Later on, he woke up again and noticed there was no weight on his chest. Then he heard the shower running. Ah, she must be up, he thought. He got up and put his clothes together. He went into the split bathroom to brush his teeth and shave. As he was done, Mione came out and pecked him on the cheek as she went into the bedroom. "Morning love." She called as she passed him. "Morning." He returned as he went into the shower/toilet area. When he was done, Mione was just sitting on the newly made bed stock still. Realising what was going on, he sat down next to her. "Hon, I know you're scared but you can do this. I have faith in you." He consoled her. "What if they're mad at me? What if they hate me for messing with their minds?" She asked softly. "Then we'll explain why you did it and why it's important." Harry said simply. Harry noticed that she was beginning to relax as Harry kept talking in a very even voice. "I suppose we should go soon." Mione said as she got up and took Harry in a hug. "Thanks love." She whispered. "Are you calmer?" he asked, knowing the answer already. She nodded as they walked into the sitting room. "Hey Sirius, ready to go?" Harry asked. "Aren't you going to eat something?" He asked as he nodded to the muffins and other breakfast foods sitting on the table. "No. I don't think either one of us are hungry." His Godson replied. "Okay. I looked at the picture and address of the house. I can apparate us there." Sirius took their arms and popped to the side of the house. "How are we going to get inside for you to do this?" He asked. "I've got an idea." Hermione began striding around the house and knocked on the door. As her mum came to the door, she stopped herself from throwing herself into her mum's arms. "Hello. Can I help you?" she asked with a smile. Harry nudged Hermione. "Yes." She squeaked. "We are planning on buying around here and were wondering if we could look at your place to get an idea of what these places are like." "Of course." She opened the door wider and turned away from them. At that point, Hermione pulled her wand, pointed it at her mum and said the spell 'restituere memoria'. Mrs. Granger turned around slowly, as she looked at Hermione, she ran to her. "My baby girl. My baby girl." She kept repeating as she hugged her tightly. "Mum" Hermione asked. "Do you remember me?" "Of course, I do. How could I have forgotten you all this time?" "We'll explain everything Mrs. Granger. Where is Mr. Granger?" Harry asked. "In the kitchen making breakfast. Come on." She waved at them to follow her. "I assume you have to do the same thing to him?" "Yes ma'am." Harry returned. They came into the kitchen quietly and Hermione did the spell again. Mr. Granger was looking away from them when the spell hit. He stopped dead, looked around and yelled "Emma! We're missing Hermione. Where is she?" as he turned around fully. As he saw his daughter, he put his pan back on the hob, turned back to his daughter and demanded hotly. "What the hell did you do to us? Why am I living in Australia? Where have you been? What are you doing here now?" he rattled off. Just like Hermione, at least she comes by her question rants honestly, Harry snickered to himself. Emma came over to him, put her hand on his arm and explained. "Why don't we all eat and Hermione can tell us what happened? I assume this has to do with the war in your world?" she crooked an eyebrow at her daughter. "Yes mum." She replied with her head down. A few minutes later, after a very awkward silence, they sat down to eat. "Hermione, would you please introduce us to your friends?" Emma asked. "Oh yes. This is my boyfriend Harry Potter and his Godfather Sirius Black." She introduced. "Didn't you stay at his home a few summers ago?" Emma asked. "Yes, right before fifth year." "Welcome to Australia to you both." Emma said as she shook their hands over the table. "I'm Emma and this is my husband Dan." "Your boyfriend?" Dan asked. "Yes Daddy. I am eighteen after all. In both our worlds, you have no say in who I see." She rolled her eyes at the stare he was giving Harry. Harry, for his part, was standing up to the scrutiny well. "I know exactly how old you are young lady." Dan growled out. "Dan stop this right now!" Emma scolded her husband. "She is allowed to have a boyfriend if she wants. And I told you it'd be Harry." She smiled at the pair as they blushed deeply. "At least it's not that rude redhead." Dan grumbled. At that, all three guests laughed. "There's a story there, isn't there?" "Yeah. I kissed him during the battle and he thought that made me his girlfriend." "Why don't you start from the beginning?" Emma asked. "Why did you move us here and change our memories. Then fill us in on your year." "Okay." Hermione agreed as she filled her plate with scrambled eggs. "You know the war had started. They were hunting muggleborns and slaughtering them and their families wholesale. I knew there was no way on earth you would agree to leave without me. However, I needed to help Harry on the mission Professor Dumbledore had set him" "And I really needed her. She is the smartest witch of our time and I knew I needed her help." Harry inserted. "Anyway, I knew you'd always wanted to live in Australia, so I moved you there." "Okay. Moving us makes sense. Why erase our memory?" Dan asked. "Because if you ran into Death Eaters, you couldn't tell them where we were." Hermione replied. "Would they come here?" Dan asked skeptically. "To kill Harry Potter's best friend's parents? Unfortunately yes. They would use you against her and by extension Harry." Sirius informed them. "So what happened after you got us settled?" Emma asked. "Well, I went to the Burrow." Hermione began to fill her parents in on the year they missed. When they got to arriving at Grimmauld, Sirius told a bit. "We had all left the Burrow in a hurry but Tonks, Remus and I got back first. We just stayed up waiting for those three to show up. Rem and I were pacing the house while Tonks was muttering to herself." "We eventually got there." Hermione said as she took over and told how they found Mundungus and found out where the locket was. "So. we began planning how to get into the ministry while we were wanted fugitives." She took nearly the entire morning and most of the afternoon to tell her story with Dan getting the Scotch out around four as they talked about the Battle of Hogwarts. "So how'd you two start dating?" Emma asked when they got to the morning after. "Well, I told him I loved him when we woke up after our nap." Hermione answered. "So, have you made any other plans?" Emma requested. "I bought the Tilgate property next to yours and plan on being your neighbours." Sirius supplied. "We're moving into that house in separate bedrooms." Hermione said. "Tonks is furnishing that place while we're gone." "That's the one with two smaller houses on it, right?" Emma recalled. "Yeah. We can move in there when we have a family." Harry smiled at Hermione. "Well, if we're going to be moving back in the next week, we better pack this place up and shut down our office." Dan sighed, it was a lot of work to accomplish in one week. "Dad, why don't you and I make dinner and we'll start packing and moving tomorrow." Hermione got up as Dan nodded and followed along. That night, and every night that week would be spent getting to know each other. During the days, Sirius and Harry would pack up the Grangers things into trunks they'd bought in Magical Sydney. Meanwhile, the Grangers would work and Hermione tried to find other dentists for their patients. During the evenings, they would either go out to dinner as a group or cook at home. Dan and Sirius went to the pub a few times to watch football. By the time they returned to England, Sirius was as big a fan as Dan. Dan was also a huge fan of Quidditch by the time they got home. Every night the three guests would portkey to their hotel. Wednesday 13 May 1998 On Wednesday night, Dan invited Harry to the pub for a drink. Harry knew something was up when Sirius didn't come with them. They got settled into a booth with peanuts and drinks when Dan started interrogating Harry. "So what are your intentions towards my daughter?" He began. "I intend to marry her sir." Harry replied a little warily. "Just when are you going to ask her?" "Hopefully, this summer." "Do you have enough money to support a wife?" came the next. "I believe so. From what Sirius tells me, my dad didn't have to work if he didn't want to. I'll be going to the bank to figure that out when we get home." "Do you want children?" "Yes. But that's a little personal." Dan didn't seem to mind that answer because he went on. "What are you going to do with your life?" "I'm not sure yet. I'm thinking about college after Hogwarts. All I know is I don't want anything more to do with war." "Good lad." Dan replied. "You ever played pool?" "No sir." "Well, come here and I'll teach you." He said as they made their way over to the tables. Harry let out the breath he's been unconsciously holding during the interrogation and began to relax. After that night Dan and Harry became much closer. Friday 15 May 1998 On Friday evening, the Granger house was completely packed. All the trunks, one for each room, were shrunk and stored in Hermione's beaded bag. Their house and business both had offers on them and would close in the next month. The Grangers stayed in a room at the hotel for the night. They were all up at six o'clock that morning and portkeyed from Gringotts Sydney to Gringotts London at 7.30 Sydney time. When they got to the portkey point near Gringotts, all five sighed. "Back home." Sirius muttered. They looked down the street to see familiar shops: Madam Malkins, Flourish and Blott's and others. "Why don't we apparate the Grangers to their home, then we can meet up tomorrow afternoon after everyone wakes up?" "Sounds good." Dan agreed. "We can stay up for several hours unpacking and then go for a nap in the morning and be able to sleep regularly tomorrow night." HP After dropping the Grangers off, the little family apparated to their entrance hall. This was the designated apparition point in the house. Sirius had set a few others up throughout the property as well but hadn't told anyone yet. They heard a squeal from upstairs, then pounding on the stairs as Dora came down with Teddy. "You're home!" she screamed as she handed Teddy to Harry and hugged Hermione. "I'm so glad to see you. This place is too big for just us." She said as she hugged Sirius and Harry in turn. "Teddy, your mum is weird." Harry whispered conspiratorially to his godson. "And you love me anyway." She said as she wrapped her arms around him. "As you see, I put a bench for taking off shoes and a table to put wallet items on in here. Let me show you around. Dobby and I have been very busy this week." The kitchen was decorated tastefully in a wine theme. The sitting room was done in formal Victorian furniture. "Wow!" Harry breathed as he walked into the larger drawing room. "This is brilliant Teddy." It had three separate seating areas. One had a large telly with a PlayStation. One had a kid's corner with a toybox, swing and a bouncer. One was next to the fireplace and was simply to sit and talk. As the telly and the fireplace were on opposite sides of the room, you could have a normal conversation and someone else could watch the television. "Did you magically make this room bigger?" Harry asked. "Yep. It's three times the size it was." Tonks grinned. "Come on Sirius, let's look at the office." Harry waved him back to the sitting room. "You don't have to go through there." Tonks pointed to the door on the wall next to the fireplace. "I extended that as well." She grinned. "Surprise! There's enough room for you both to spread out." They walked in and it wasn't just the large room they were planning on. There were two large oak desks with name plates on them. There was a seating area near the fireplace. There was a bay window near the French doors to the backyard. And, of course, the bookshelves. It had a hardwood floor with a Gryffindor red rug in the seating area. "I turned the other suite like mine into a full library." She said as Hermione, who'd been following along very quietly, took off to the new library. Harry, Sirius and Tonks laughed at that as they turned to go upstairs. Bypassing the 1st floor, they went to the second. They found Hermione in a very large room with stacks of bookcases and tables. "This is great." Hermione enthused. "I can bring my library over tomorrow and organise it in here." They went up to the third story attic which now had a pool table, dart board, bean bag chairs and a bar. There was a stereo in the corner next to a telly. Another fireplace and seating area was at the far end of the attic. "Well, this is amazing." Harry said as he looked at his asleep Godson in his arms. "I'm going to put this little man down for bed and go to sleep myself." He began to walk to the door. "I should probably go to bed as well." Tonks replied as she followed her son. "Do you know what time it is Tonks?" Harry asked as he laid Teddy down. "Around 12.30, why?" "Just curious if I'll get to sleep." "Yeah. You've got issues with the time difference." She sighed as she headed to her room. "I'll see you later today Harry." "Sure." He waved as he left for his own room. HP Downstairs in the kitchen, Sirius and Hermione were having hot cocoa. "There is nothing better than hot cocoa to help you calm down to sleep." Sirius sighed as he closed his eyes while he enjoyed the beverage. "Yeah. I know." "How are you doing with finding your parents, sweets?" Sirius asked lazily, not wanting to show how concerned he was. "Well, I'm doing great. I haven't spent a lot of time with them these last years, so it's been fun getting to know them again. I really like that Harry, you and Dad get along. That makes life so much easier." "I know you were worried when they went out that first night together." He smiled. "How'd you know?" "It was obvious when you began pacing after they were gone for two hours." He laughed as she grinned embarrassedly. "Yeah, I was terrified they'd hate each other." Hermione laughed. "It was really funny when they came home and Dad was 100 sterling lighter." Both Sirius and she laughed. "Yeah. We know not to play Harry at pool for money now." "How're you doing Sirius? You've gone from Azkaban to being a fugitive to being cooped up in Grimmauld to free in a few years and you've lost both your best friends." Hermione was concerned about his mental health. "I think I'm surviving. Having Teddy and Harry here helps. I need something to occupy my time or I think about all the horrors I've been through. It's why I was so depressed at Grimmauld." "Would you like to go see a mind healer? We call them Psychologists in the mundane world." She was concerned. "I don't want to see a wizard but I suppose I should." "Why don't you try a magical but if you don't like it maybe we can find a squib or muggleborn that practices in our world." She suggested gently. "That sounds like a good plan. Sometimes you surprise me Hermione. You have this amazingly big heart AND a big brain." He got up and sat next to Hermione. He then took her in his arms. "I don't think you realise it but I truly do think of you as my Goddaughter. You saved my life because it was the right thing to do. You don't understand how rare that is." He held her at arm's length and kissed her on the forehead. "Thank you for taking care of my son when he needed it most." "You're welcome" she smiled at the man she was beginning to think of as her favorite Uncle. She got up and said softly. "I think I'm going to bed now." She went up to her room and eventually fell asleep. Saturday 16 May 1998 Saturday and Sunday were both very relaxed days. Everyone had lunch together—even the Grangers—on Saturday. It was after lunch that Emma asked to see the whole property. She had only been in the Pavilion once or twice for parties and wanted to see the rest. It was also a good time to have a talk with her daughter. "So, do you plan on living here the entire summer?" Emma asked as they toured the house. "Yes Mum." Hermione replied carefully. "I am almost 19. I've fought in battles. I need my own space. It's why we moved here. I want to stay close to you so I can see you without living with you. When Harry and I have kids, we'll move to one of the other houses so we're separate but close enough." "So you're serious about him then?" "Yes mum. Watching him being brought from the forest dead was a wake-up call. I realised, I had been settling for Ron because then I wouldn't lose Harry's friendship if anything went wrong." She responded as they went outside. They walked out of the kitchen onto the stone patio that went out past the balcony upstairs so that it would get some light. Off to the left there was a walkway to the indoor pool. "We should buy an outdoor kitchen to put out on the patio," she muttered, putting it on her mental To Do list. They walked out to the larger house. "This one is nice." Emma said. "Very open." They walked around. "So what happened with Ron? I know you kissed him during the battle. What happened afterward?" "Well, he got jealous. Told Harry he was stealing Ron's girl. Basically, made an arse of himself." Hermione sighed. "Then at Charlie's funeral, he refused to be a pall bearer because Arthur had asked Harry. So, Arthur took his place instead of sitting with Molly, which is why they'd asked Harry—Arthur didn't want to be a pall bearer at his own son's funeral." "I can see that." Emma went into the kitchen. "Oh. This is big!" She turned around. "I like this." She remarked as they went out the back door and onto the third house. As they left the third house after looking around, Emma said, "I guess you haven't seen them since the funeral then." "No. I was thinking of inviting most Weasleys, Neville and Luna over for Quidditch tomorrow because they'll have the goals up today and Harry will be anxious to play." "You really think they'll get the pitch set up today?" Emma asked incredulously. "If Daddy had your permission to put a football pitch on our property, do you think it'd be installed in a day?" Emma snorted. "You know your father. Of course." "Well Sirius and Harry are the same way about Quidditch and they have magic to help." Hermione snorted as they came back in the main house's kitchen and saw Sirius and Harry setting out with several medium sized boxes. "You just got back from Quality Quidditch?" She asked. "Yep." Harry replied on his way out. "We're going to go set the pitch up now." Sirius was beyond excited. "Come on Harry!" He yelled from near where the Pitch would be. Harry gave Hermione a peck on the cheek and hurried out with a big grin on his face. "Men!" Hermione and Emma said simultaneously, then broke into laughter. Dan came over a few minutes later and brought the wizards beer as they worked on the Pitch together. Although Emma, Hermione or Tonks didn't even think of going out there while the construction occurred, they could hear riotous laughter as they sat on the patio and drank tea. "You know Hermione, if you want everyone to come over tomorrow, we should order that outdoor kitchen today to see if it can be installed by tomorrow." Emma suggested. "Then let's go." Hermione looked at both her mum and Tonks. "You can bring Teddy." She added for Tonks. Teddy was sleeping in the papoose she was wearing. "Great. Let's go." Tonks smiled. Sunday 17 May 1998 Sunday was an eventful day because The Madhouse, as it was called because that was its floo designation, played host to all alive Weasleys except Ronald, along with Percy's girlfriend Audrey, Neville, Augusta and Luna. When everyone arrived, they all headed to the pitch where there were 12 Firebolts and 2 Nimbus' awaiting play. Neville and Hermione stayed out while the rest played four on four. No beaters and one less chaser. While Neville and Hermione were watching the game, the older generation were seated near the pitch in the picnic area next to the outdoor kitchen next to the Pavilion. "So now that you're back from Australia Sirius, are you going to join Wizengamot on a regular basis?" Augusta asked. "Yes." Sirius grumbled. "I've got to take over from my father and try to right my family legacy." "They decided to reorganize Wizengamot seating this week." "How?" He asked skeptically. "Well, if the head of house is deemed a death eater, the house is automatically stripped of its seat and cannot regain a seat for five generations." "That's bold. Who suggested that?" Arthur asked. "I did. I'm tired of the same evil families being cut all this slack." "So what's happening to their money?" Sirius asked. "That's another way we need to bring them down." "This hasn't been decided yet but I and a few others are proposing that each family of a death eater with an heir old enough to take on the Role of Head of House be fined half their vault and the heir for five generations gets access to only a portion of their money. My suggestion was 10%. People are leaning towards 50%. The vaults with no heir are cleaned out. And those with a not-of-age-heir gets 5%. Again, people are leaning towards 25%." "What happens to the confiscated money?" Dan requested. "That goes into a fund designed to help both muggles and magicals get back on their feet and to fund the government." Sirius grinned. "Malfoy money being used to help muggles restart. Awesome!" Everyone laughed. "There are going to be lots of empty seats on the Wizengamot and we have no idea how to fill them." Augusta warned. "I believe that is the next big battle that we'll have." "Speaking of battles, I was thinking about having Ted Tonks teach Harry about his Inheritance this summer. What it's made up of, how it's used, all that stuff. Would you like him to work with Neville as well?" Sirius offered. "I'm assuming that is Andromeda Black's husband?" "Yes. I hired him to take over the Black account when I realised how undermanaged it was. The Goblins were just letting it sit, so while we were in Australia, he was familiarizing himself with our accounts and is planning to teach Harry." Augusta took a moment to think about it. "If you wouldn't mind, that would be helpful. Neville doesn't seem to want to learn it from me. Maybe if he learns from someone outside the family he'd listen." Emma laughed at this. "A child never behaves for their parent as well as they will for a stranger. It's that unconditional love thing. They know you'll love them even if they misbehave. They're not sure about anyone else. At least that was my mother-in-law's theory." Augusta laughed. "Yes. That about sums it up."
Ch. 5 Monday 18 May 1998 The next morning, the day of the Malfoys' trial, came all too quickly for Harry. Just like an alarm clock, Teddy woke Harry up at six in the morning. He groaned and turned over to put his glasses on. There's got to be a better way to correct my sight than these bloody glasses, he thought as he got out of bed to rescue Teddy. "Come here little man." Harry groaned as he pulled his godson out of his Dogfather's arm. "Let's go clean you up." He took Teddy to his room where there was now a changing table and rocker next to the fireplace. Harry noticed this on Saturday morning as he was stumbling out of bed. Apparently, Tonks thought because Harry did morning time with Teddy, she'd make it easier. There was also a kid's bath tub in the shower now too. These additions made life a lot easier for Harry. As he changed Teddy's nappy, Harry began to talk. "You know little man, today I have to go sit in on a trial for Malfoy and his dad." He paused to make sure the nappy wouldn't come off. "I don't know if I'm going to have to testify or not but I really don't want to." He settled down to feed the baby. "I don't want to be anywhere near those arses but I need to see this through. I really wish you could be there bud. I can't feel bad when I'm holding you but babies aren't allowed. If they were, you'd be there all day with me." Harry emphasized as he burped the monster. "I'm just glad that Hermione's going to be there. I don't know what I'd do if I had to do all this without both my supports. Your Aunt Hermione is the only person that can keep me calm. She's my life, my world. If you find someone like that Teddy, even if it's at 11, don't let go. And for Merlin's sake, tell her as soon as possible. Okay kiddo, time for a bath." He said as he undressed himself and Ted and went into the en suite. He didn't see the look of love that Hermione was giving them as she watched the love of her life talk to his Godson about her. She didn't realise it but she was crying as she went downstairs. She had gone in thinking Harry could use some help getting ready but she walked into that conversation. As soon as she realised what they were talking about, she couldn't interrupt-but she couldn't leave either. When she got to the kitchen, she saw Tonks sipping coffee. "I went into Harry's room to help with Ted, yeah?" Hermione began fixing her own coffee. "Everything okay?" Tonks asked as her head bobbed up quickly and her hair went back to its natural brown. "Yeah. He's in the shower with him right now. But I walked in and he's talking to Ted about me and giving him advice about girls. It was so adorable." She sighed as she sat down to drink the coffee. "That's cute." Tonks agreed. "I'm glad he's talking to someone." They sat there in silence while Dobby cooked. A little while later, Sirius, Harry and Teddy joined them for breakfast. "Tonks, I was wondering if you wanted to come into the Ministry for lunch?" Harry asked. "You don't want to see me. You just want Teddy." She smiled as he went red. After a minute, she relented. "I'll come by after his Healer visit." She laughed at his relieved expression. "Thanks." He replied as he looked at his Godson. He didn't see the look of bemusement Tonks and Hermione exchanged. After looking through the Prophet and seeing the schedule of trials, Sirius finished eating and was ready to leave. "Harry, Hermione we've got to leave. Trials start in 30 minutes." He said as everyone went to the sitting room to use the floo. The three arrived in the Atrium and were greeted with the hustle and bustle of the ministry. There were a lot of people pointing and whispering as they walked by. "If they're going to whisper, they should make sure no one can overhear what they're saying." Harry said loudly to Hermione when it got too much for him. Hermione and Sirius laughed as the whispers became quieter. "That's better." He praised loudly again. "Passive aggressive much?" Sirius sniggered as they got into the lift. "It worked." Harry smirked. "If they want to talk to me, talk. If they want to talk about me at least do it so I can't hear." As they got off the lift, Madam Bones joined them. "Hello everyone." She said as they discussed things like the weather for a few minutes. Finally, she came around to what she wanted. "I know that you don't want to testify, Lord Potter. I just wanted to let you know that I'm going to try to make sure you don't have to. I may need your testimony though if we feel we haven't built a strong enough case. Is there anything you can think of that we might want to ask Lucius or Draco?" "I don't know if this can be asked. However, I would be interested if he took the mark voluntarily." "That's already down." She laughed. "I want to know too." "I figure that answer will be interesting, to say the least." Sirius submitted as a bell rang and Amelia left. "Now you kids will sit in the prospective witness box while I will be at my regular seat." Sirius took them over to sit with many fighters from the Battle such as the Weasley twins, Arthur, Neville and Luna among others. "See you soon." Sirius squeezed Harry's shoulder as he left. "You know," Harry said to Hermione. "This is where I was tried. Nice to see that bastard here instead." He was looking over at Lucius in the seat of honor. Malfoy was dressed in striped prison robes. He looked like he hadn't shaved or combed his hair since the battle. He looked a lot more emaciated than his usual thin frame did. The one thing that was unmistakable was the distinctive Malfoy sneer adorning his face. "You'd think that he wouldn't be sneering, seeing where he is." Nev whispered to Harry and Hermione. "He believes he'll get off." Hermione said assuredly. "I'm sure his wife has greased some palms, as they say." "Order. Order in the court." The bailiff proclaimed as everyone calmed down. Charges were read. He pleaded not guilty to everything. And the questioning began. "Ladies and Gentlemen, we will be using Veritaserum on Mr. Malfoy to get to the bottom of these allegations. The defendant has been on flushing potions since his capture to make sure any anti-Veritaserum potions have been removed from his system." Amelia began. "Look at the look on his face Harry." Hermione whispered and pointed. Harry looked over and saw the horrified expression on his face. He chuckled at that. "Planning on lying his way out of it, the same as last time." Everyone around him nodded. "Are you a Death Eater Mr. Malfoy?" Amelia asked. "N-N-Yes." "How did you get the dark mark?" "I killed a few muggles, no one to worry about." He said proudly. Many gasped at the calloused attitude. "So you were not Imperioused to take the Mark?" "You can't be. It's soul magic. If you don't actively want it, it doesn't take." "Why did you follow Voldemort?" "He wanted to rid the world of filth." "Filth?" "Yes. Muggles, Muggleborns, creatures, half-breeds. So only those of pure-blood remained." Harry looked around and saw the horror-stricken looks on peoples' faces. Well, now they see the bastard for who he really is, Harry thought. "When you were captured at the ministry in June of 1996, why were you there?" "To gain access to the prophecy about my master and the filthy half-blood Potter." "What did the prophecy say?" Harry grabbed on to Hermione for dear life. He didn't want anyone knowing. "I don't know. It was broken in the fight." Harry let go of Hermione as she wiggled movement back into her hand. "What were you to do with the students who came with Lord Potter?" "Kill them." Soon they were done with Malfoy and interrogated Neville and Luna about the Department of Mysteries and the Battle of Hogwarts. Several more testified that they were Crucio'd by Malfoy. Testimonies and cross-examinations were done at 12.00. The six friends decided to meet Tonks for lunch while Sirius went to decide Malfoy's fate. Apparently, they decided the life or death issue of a man's fate over a nice lunch. When the teens got to the dining hall, they found Tonks waiting for them. Harry simply came up to her and stole Teddy and began cuddling the little man. "Hey! I'm here too you know!" Tonks groused. Harry just looked up absently, "Oh hi Tonks." He said as went to go get food. "So Tonks, how'd Teddy's appointment go?" Luna asked. "Oh it went fine. He's over three and a half kilograms. According to the Healer, he can start to sleep through the night at five and a half kilos. So, how'd the trial go?" Tonks asked as they got in line for food. "Exhausting." Hermione sighed. "He wasn't even sorry for what he did. He seemed actually proud, even under Veritaserum." "He's a truly disgusting person." Neville contributed. "I could've told you that before the trial but seeing him admit it all was-distasteful." Luna added. They stopped talking until they had gotten their food and sat down. "What I can't believe is how many people they got to stand up and tell their stories. Did you know he crucio'd a toddler to make his parents do what Malfoy wanted?" Hermione looked disturbed. Sirius came up to them a little while later. "Decision's been made. Gather in the courtroom in 10." He said as he headed back out. Everyone pushed out and cleared their places. "Well, I'm going home. I'll see you kids later." Tonks took Teddy back from Hermione as they went back to the courtroom. It was at the first 'Guilty' to being a Death Eater that caused Harry to relax and brought an actual smile to his face. He leaned over to Hermione. "It's over." She nodded. After the 10 more charges being declared Guilty, they were all happy. The blight of Lucius Malfoy was to be wiped from the ministry. The kids didn't really think of how far that wiping would go until they got to the sentencing. "We, the Wizengamot, declare that Lucius Malfoy of the House Malfoy will be sentenced to death by the Veil for the deeds he has committed against our community. It will take place at midnight tonight. May Merlin have mercy on your soul." Amelia stated. "Court is in recess for 20 minutes before the trial of Draco Malfoy." "Oh my Gods." Hermione Whispered. "Oh Merlin." Luna muttered. "Thank the Gods." Neville said loudly. "Good riddance to bad rubbish." Harry muttered as everyone got up to leave the courtroom. The look of shock on Malfoy's face was satisfying to a part of Harry's mind. He didn't like to hand out death sentences but if anyone deserved it, the Death Eaters did. When they left the courtroom and were on the lift, Harry said. "Let's go home. I don't want to watch Draco's trial. We'll hear about it tonight from Sirius." "Sure." Hermione, Neville and Luna replied. "You guys coming with us?" Hermione inquired. "Yes please." Nev said desperately. "If I show up at home this early, Gran will have told the elves to sit me down and talk about my properties. It's bloody boring. I'll pass." The rest laughed at Neville's fearful gaze. "Well, you're always welcome here Nev. Even if it is to get away from work!" Harry laughed as he floo'd home. When they got there, they all headed up to the game room. As the boys racked up the balls for pool, the girls sat down in a small sitting area, turned on the radio and summoned butterbeer from the bar. "I thought I'd turn up the radio so we could talk." Hermione explained. She had grown quite fond of Luna over the past few years. Although Luna believed in a lot of animals that were at least rare, if not imaginary, when you got past that façade, she was a very real, loyal, honest and good friend. And quite frankly, after the year she and Harry had just had, those qualities were more important than some weird beliefs. "Oh, and what did you think we might need the radio on for?" Luna grinned. "Well, I wanted to know how it was going with our Neville." Hermione grinned suggestively. "I mean you came to Remus' funeral with him. Are you two dating?" "Yes. Thank Merlin everything is going to plan. Do you know he brought me to meet his parents in St. Mungo's? Daddy and I have had Nev and Augusta over for dinner twice. I go to Longbottom Manor nearly every day." Hermione was a little skeptical that the formidable Lady Longbottom got along with Xeno. "So how well do your dad and Lady Longbottom get along?" Luna snorted. "They don't really unless they're talking politics, which they are wont to do." "I just can't see them sitting at dinner together." Hermione laughed. "I'll tell you, it's weird having any guy that's not Daddy care for me the way Nev does. What? We've been dating about 2 weeks? I'm still pinching myself that he cares for me that way." "I know. It's been strange as Harry and I moved from best friend to boyfriend/girlfriend. Sometimes I look at him, especially when he's caring for his Godson, that I think 'Wow he's really mine'." Hermione said dreamily. HP Over at the pool table, while Hermione and Luna were talking, Harry brought the Carrows up to Neville. "Nev, I know the Carrow siblings are being tried tomorrow. I wasn't at school when that happened but I know you got hurt. As your friend, do you want me there or would you prefer I not come?" Neville didn't answer for quite a while. When he did, it was with a determination in his voice Harry hadn't heard except in battle. "Yes. I'd like you there. Partially because I'd like Hermione to be there for Luna, partly because I'd like you to hear what happened." "Okay. We'll be there." Harry stated firmly. "You don't have to check with her?" Neville grinned. "No. She'll want to be there for Luna." They were racking up the balls when Tonks came in with Teddy. Harry left the table to take his Godson. "You're just leaving me here cause you've got a baby?" Neville teased Harry. "Sorry. My Godson comes first." He grinned as he unwrapped Teddy to play under his play gym. Because his little arms couldn't reach the toys, Harry charmed them to move lower so Teddy could actually play with them. As Nev and Harry sat on the floor with Teddy, Luna and Tonks played pool while Hermione watched. This lasted for a little while before Sirius showed up. He had obviously changed because he was now wearing jeans, a t-shirt and work boots. "Hey everyone. How are you doing?" He asked. Harry was sitting feeding his little man but looked up at that. "What was the verdict?" Harry returned. Sirius sat down with everyone in the cozy seating area. "Death." He said simply. "You should know that it was close during sentencing. A lot wanted life without parole because he was a minor when he took the mark but those of us who had seen the last war felt death was more just." Sirius felt he needed to explain. Everyone just nodded their head. It was an understandable decision. Harry didn't have to like it but he couldn't really disagree either. Soon Nev and Luna left and they went down to dinner. The Grangers came over around six to have dinner with the little family. When they heard what the sentences were, Dan's only response was a shrug and to state, "Couldn't have happed to a more deserving pair from what you all tell me of them." "Dan!" Emma scolded. "He's got the right of it, Emma. There are some people that can't be saved. I wouldn't be surprised if all the Death Eaters get Death as punishment." Sirius returned. Tuesday 19 May 1998 The next day, Sirius, Hermione and Harry wended their way to Courtroom 10 for the Carrows' trial. While Neville, Luna, Ginny, Seamus, Terry Boot, Hannah Abbott and Susan Bones and several others he knew by sight all sat together in the potential witness box, Harry and Hermione sat with the spectators. This trial started out more like he'd expected yesterday. The charges were read: torture 30 counts, rape 5 counts, child endangerment 350 counts, and several others. The list had Hermione crying in Harry's chest as his knuckles grew whiter and whiter as the list kept growing. With the vast experience Harry had had with clamping down on his anger in the past few years, he ruthlessly clamped down once again. As he came back to the present, he became aware that Hermione was crying on his shoulder. He wrapped his arms around her and kept saying. "I'm here love. They're all safe now. I'm here." Soon her crying subsided as she just sniffled. Seamus took the stand first. "You have to understand that we were being 'taught' that mixing with half-bloods or muggles makes for retardation, deformities, and squibs. We were told the only way to keep wizards pure was to only breed with other purebloods. When I asked when her brother was going to get her pregnant, Professor Carrow crucio'd me. That was the first week of school." And he went on with how some folks took to setting traps for the Carrows and they'd be crucio'd or Imperioused to hurt themselves. Next was Neville's turn. He told of how he and Terry put up in the Great Hall on the wall behind the head table Harry Lives. "Needless to say, we got away free and clear. The next day, Snape made the announcement that if the responsible party didn't come forward by dinner, two random first year girls would be flogged in front of the whole school as 'afters'. Terry and I copped to it. Alecto and Amycus took turns flogging us, then attached us to the wall so we couldn't sit and left us there all night. Each day, breakfast, lunch and dinner we were flogged, for 2 days. We didn't get any food for that time. They kept us up there until Alecto said she was bored." He turned around, pulled up his shirt and said, "Here's what I came away with last year." Everyone saw the slash marks on his back. A gasp ran through the room at this. Luna talked next about being crucio'd nearly once a week, being raped by Amycus 3 times "Although the third time, I think I might have castrated him as I had brought a knife and was able to get it out." She said casually. It was a truly eye-opening experience for Harry and Hermione to listen to their friends talk about this brutality as though that's just how life is. At the end of the trial, both siblings admitted to everything and the verdict was unanimous and nearly instantaneous—they were out in less than half an hour. Guilty on all counts and death through the Veil. HP Like the previous day, the four teens ended up at the Madhouse in the game room. Unfortunately, they were so tired by their day, they didn't talk and play. They sat on the couches and fell asleep in their boyfriend/girlfriends' arms. By the time Sirius came home after a long day of listening to horrible testimonies—by children no less—about what was done at Hogwarts, he was exhausted. After talking to Tonks, he headed upstairs to see how the teens were. When he arrived, he had to stop the chuckle that wanted to burst free in case he woke the sleeping teens. He very quietly went back downstairs to the kitchen where he found Dora, Teddy and Dobby talking. Dora looked up at Sirius. "Where are the kids?" She inquired. "Sleeping." Sirius finally let the chuckle out. "They are up there sleeping on two of the sofas. Out like a lantern. Each couple wrapped up in each other. It's so saccharin cute, it's scary." Dobby and Dora laughed. Sirius became much more solemn. "It was a bad day for them. The testimonies were hard to listen to—I can't imagine they were easy to give. But every one of those kids stood up and gave their testimony, without flinching. The things they endured were horrendous. At least when we were kids, school was safe. Not for them. They were crucio'd on a regular basis Dora." Dora looked at Sirius and was worried. He looked horrible. For her fun loving, always joking cousin to be so, well, serious was a side no one really saw of him. "It's not your fault Sirius. And they all survived. Maybe a little bent but not broken as far as I can see." "I know. I just wish there was more I could do." "There is." Sirius raised an eyebrow at that. "Do everything you can to make a better world for them and Teddy." She said firmly. He groaned. "You mean politics, right?" Dora grinned because she knew how much Sirius hated that word and what it represented. "Yeah, I do." "I know, I know. The problem is that you've got to be nice to people with reprehensible ideas. I'm a Gryffindor not a Slytherin. I don't hold to those views and I usually have trouble holding in my disgust." He scowled at the idea of those beliefs. "I know. But you don't have to get along with them per se. Make Alliances with old Potter Allies." She suggested. "You know, there are sometimes when I remember why you caught Moony's fancy. You're smart but you hide it well." Sirius laughed when Dora hit him. After such a horrible day, this is exactly what he needed. "Idiot." She grumbled as she found another butterbeer at her elbow. She looked over at Dobby. "How do you do that? Know exactly what I want before I do." "Elf magic." Both Dobby and Sirius stated as they all laughed. "Don't worry cuz. I asked him the same thing last night and that was his answer." Padfoot went on to explain. The kids came down about half an hour later. As Neville was about to leave, Sirius came into the sitting room. "Hey, Neville. Can I have a word?" "Sure Sir." Neville looked a little hesitant as he kissed Luna good bye. He turned around as Harry and Hermione went to leave them alone. "Hey, I need to talk to you too." He smiled at Harry as the two men sat. "Don't worry. Nobody's in trouble." He laughed at the kids' nervous look. "I talked to your Gran Neville, and I am planning on having Harry learn everything about his holdings as the Head of House Potter this summer so he can take some responsibility for it. Augusta says that you have not been able or willing to learn about your own holdings from her." At this Neville grimaced and Sirius and Harry laughed. "What I proposed is that you and Harry learn together from Ted Tonks, my cousin's husband who is an Estate Manager at Gringotts. He's held the Potter account since Jamie took over as Lord when Monty died. Augusta has authorized him access to the Longbottom accounts to accommodate this. This will start next week for both of you. Are you up for that?" "I don't have a bloody choice. Gran'll have my head if I don't. You never, ever say no to Gran." He shrugged. "I've heard that before. Your dad's favorite refrain when he got roped into one of our pranks was 'Mum cannot hear about this. She'll have my head.' Apparently, it was not appropriate for the heir of House Longbottom to be associated with such juvenile things as pranks." Sirius laughed. "We took the blame a few times so he wouldn't get into trouble." He looked at the gobsmacked Neville and Harry. "What's wrong?" He asked confused. "You knew my parents?" Neville whispered. "You didn't know that?" Sirius was stunned. How could he not know basic things about his parents? "Yeah. We were in the same year as Alice and a year below Frankie." "Frankie?" "Yeah. We tried calling him Francis our first night but he could be intimidating when he wanted. James did it once—never again." Sirius laughed at the memory "Alice and Lily became the best of friends and Frankie and James were besotted with each of them from first day. They, however, couldn't give the guys the time of day." Sirius grinned nostalgically. "Did your Gran never tell you things about your parents?" "Nothing except the basics. Stories about when Dad was young and how great an auror he was." "Well, he was that. Jamie, Alice and I all worked with him. Do you know who your Godparents are?" He asked cautiously. "No. Only that they're dead." "Well, both of you are going to get a kick out of this. James and Lily are your God parents. And Harry, your Godmum is Alice." Both boys looked at Sirius. "You're kidding." Harry croaked. "Nope. Alice and Lily were that close. Joined at the bloody hip, they were." "Does that mean I should've gone to live with Lady Longbottom instead of the Dursleys?" The venom with which he spat the name spoke volumes. "Yes but Dumbledore knew best." Sirius said sarcastically, taking a minute to control his temper. "Don't worry Neville. I'll fill you in on your parents. I have so many stories, you won't know what hit you." He looked at the time and realised the Grangers would be here for dinner soon. "Well, you should head home Neville. We'll see you at the trial for Umbitch tomorrow." Sirius grinned when the two boys smiled at the name. "See you later Godbrother." Neville grinned at Harry. "Yeah Godbrother." Harry also grinned as Nev floo'd away. Harry walked out of the sitting room in a daze. Sirius could see that Harry was struggling with the information he'd received, so he set off to find the only person he could think would be able to help the boy—Hermione. He hadn't even considered what knowing who his Godmum was would do to his Godson. He'd been intent on giving Neville information. Thinking about it, after the fact, he could see how Harry would have one more thing to be pissed at Albus about with this new information. Hell, he was still pissed at Albus for the mistakes that had cost Harry and him so dearly. He found Hermione in the kitchen holding Teddy. "Hermione, Harry's in the sitting room. He may need you. He just found out who his Godmum is, and it's not good." Hermione's eyes widened as she began to hand Teddy back. "No. Take him. He seems to calm Harry down." Tonks smiled. "Right." Hermione smiled at the thought. "Come on little man. Let's go see how your Goddaddy is doing." She left the kitchen, walked across the rear entrance hall to the sitting room. He wasn't there. She looked in the drawing room which was empty. She wondered if she should check the study. She knew he didn't spend much time there but decided to check. He was sitting at his desk, staring at the fireplace. He was brooding. She needed to nip it in the bud so she sat down across from him. "So, Sirius told me you found out who your Godmum is. Is it that bad?" She asked lightly. He smiled at that as he looked at his girlfriend, her eyes worried for him. "No. It's Nev's mum." He heard her intake of breath. She came around the desk and put her arm around him. "I'm so sorry love." She whispered. "What is really pissing me off is Dumbledore knew and still put me with my relatives." He snorted. "As though putting me there was safe. Starved, beaten, told I was worthless. When I could've had a brother." "Well, you can now. And you have your Godfather, Godson, and Aunt of sorts, and me. And oh yeah, my mum and dad too." She counted them off on her fingers. As she got to the end, he was smiling. "You're saying not to look back, to look forward?" He asked. "Exactly." She plopped Teddy in his arms. "I think that one is getting hungry." She stated the obvious as he was rooting for a breast. They got up. "Better find Dora." Harry smiled at his godson as the little man reached out to him. They walked into the kitchen and saw everyone at the table, including the Grangers. "Dora, this one's doing that rooting thing." Harry said as he handed Ted off and sat down at his seat. "So, how did today go?" Emma asked gently, already having gotten the rundown from Sirius but wanting to hear it from Harry and Hermione. "Terrible Mum. While we were hiding at Grimmauld, our friends were being tortured at school." Hermione offered. "You can't hold yourself responsible love. You did what you had to to end it. You couldn't be everywhere." Dan countered. "We know. But it was still hard—listening to the tales." Harry contended. "Well, if it helps, they're both being put to death tonight." Sirius consoled. Harry looked gratefully at his Godfather. Besides Hermione, this man was the one human who had stood by him no matter what. "Thanks Padfoot. Thanks for everything you've done for me." He looked into Padfoot's grey eyes trying to tell him how much he appreciated his Godfather without embarrassing himself. Sirius seemed to understand what he was trying to say because he simply nodded. "I think tomorrow afternoon I'm going to see my Godmum." "Oh. I didn't know you had one." Emma commented. "Hermione's only talked about Sirius." "Well, I am the Great Sirius Black. Of course, she'd talk about me!" he preened as they all laughed. "Oh. I thought it was because we didn't know he had a Godmum until today." Hermione said. "You say potato, I say pahtaho." He replied. "My Godmum is Neville's mum. She's in the hospital for permanent brain damage. She was tortured into insanity after I vanquished Voldemort as a baby." Harry answered Emma. "Dumbledore hid me at my Aunt's before they could claim me." "Sounds to me he's a little like some of the religious nut jobs we have who think they're Jesus Christ reborn." Dan observed. "You're not far off." Hermione noted. "Before his death, he was the leader of the legislative body of magical Britain—think of the House of Commons with the snootiness of the House of Lords. He was the Headmaster of the only wizarding school in Britain. And he was the head of the ICW—think NATO." "How was he able to get that many titles? Isn't there some sort of idea that one person can't rule Britain?" Emma queried. "Even we muggles have a constitutional monarchy." "He got them when he killed the last Dark Lord Grindelwald—a childhood friend of his if you believe Skeeter. After he ended that war, he was worshipped and given anything he wanted." Sirius explained. "Don't get me wrong, for the most part he brought more good to the world than bad. Somehow though, along the way, he forgot the trees through the forest. He began to believe that he knew what was best and compartmentalized so much that no one else ever had the full picture of his plans." "Not even me." Harry continued the story. "He sat Sirius and me down after the DOM fiasco, where Sirius and Hermione just made it out alive, and told us that, because of a prophecy that was partially heard by one of Voldie's flunkies, Voldie felt he had to kill me. So my family went into hiding. We know the outcome of that—Voldie's gone, Sirius's in jail and I'm packed of to my relatives. After telling us about the prophecy, he spends the next school year teaching me about Tom and Horcruxes but not where they are or how to destroy them." "And no one questions any of this?" Emma asked incredulously. "I did. Believe me, I did. But he wouldn't tell us mortals anything." Sirius groused. "That's when he died and I sent you to Australia so we could concentrate on the horcruxes." Hermione finished. "Don't worry, Emma." Sirius replied. "I plan on helping change how much power one person has." "How?" "Legislation." After that they talked about more mundane things such as how the Grangers' day went. After dinner, they watched some telly. Eventually, the Grangers headed home and the Madhouse went quiet for the night. Wednesday 19 May 1998 The next day was Umbridge's trial. This was the teens last day of being at the Ministry and while they were very happy about that, they didn't want to testify. Again, they sat in the potential witness box with Neville, Luna, the Weasley twins and Ginny among others. Several students testified about blood quill usage, the DA, the night the DA fell and other such things. Finally, though, it was Harry's turn. He was put under Veritaserum because he was of age, unlike some of the previous witnesses. "What is your name?" "Harry James Potter." "How old are you?" "17." "You say a blood quill was used on you by Delores Umbridge, is that so?" "Yes." "When?" "My first detention." "When was this?" "First day of class." "Do you have any marks to show this?" He held out his right fist where it said 'I must not tell lies' "How long did this go on? "At least two weeks." They went over most of the detentions, then talked about the Muggleborn Registration Committee. In all, Harry's testimony took over two hours in itself. Every time he talked about the blood quill, Hermione looked at Sirius. He was getting angrier and angrier. At 1.00, Harry, Luna, Hermione and Neville were all done with their testimony. They decided to eat at home rather than in the dining hall. They floo'd home and went to the kitchen. Dora and Dobby were there with Teddy. "Hey guys. You look like Hell, you know that, right?" she said. "Yeah." They all said dully. "Here want to feed Teddy?" Tonks asked Harry. "Sure." His face brightened as he fed his Godson. Everyone else ate their lunch as well. After lunch, Neville said. "I think I'm going to go home for a nap." "Don't you like sleeping on the couch upstairs Neville?" Harry asked as he put the asleep Ted in his bouncer. "Not much." Nev grinned. "Why don't you both come by around lunch tomorrow and we can hang out?" Hermione proposed. "We don't have to be at the ministry tomorrow so we can sleep in and then play upstairs or something?" "Sure." They agreed as they left. Hermione and Harry walked into the telly area of the drawing room and Hermione laid her head on his lap and closed her eyes. Harry began playing with her hair. "You know, it's really weird not to have Ron around but I'm really getting to like Neville and Luna. I think we can be close to them." She remarked. "I know. I spent so much time rooming with him but I never got to know him as well as I could have. I don't think Ron wanted Nev butting into our friendship but I could be wrong. It's really nice to get to know them both though." He leaned down and kissed her passionately. "I am so tired. Want to come upstairs and take a nap?" He asked, a little dazed from the kiss. "Sure." She said as she got up, took his hand and led him upstairs.
A/N I am not very happy with this chapter but I'll post it anyway Ch. 6 Hermione woke up first. Her head was still on his chest. Why couldn't her mind and heart get on the same page? Was there something wrong with her that she couldn't get them to agree? Or were things just moving too fast around her? Things had changed very suddenly for her in the last few weeks. In the last 18 days, she'd gained a boyfriend (not the one she'd thought for years she wanted), an Uncle, Aunt and pseudo-Godson. She'd moved in with this family, gone to Australia to find her parents, moved them home. She'd witnessed three trials and testified in one. That was a lot for one person. Maybe she had the right idea, taking her time. "What are you so concerned about?" Harry muttered as his arm went around her tighter. She was biting her lower lip, so he knew something was wrong. "Just thinking of all the changes. Do you realise it's been only 18 days since the battle?" She wondered. "No. It seems like much longer but we've been busy." She looked up at him. "I love you, Harry." "I love you too." "Well, we better get up if we want dinner." Hermione added when it looked like Harry was going to fall back asleep. "I'm sure Teddy's up and feeling like playing." At that Harry's eyes sprung open and he started getting up. Hermione just laughed at her idiot's behavior. "You did that on purpose, didn't you?" He queried as they walked down to the drawing-room where they heard talking. "Who? Me?" she asked innocently, her eyes sparkling. She wasn't able to hold it though and gave in to the laughter. "Of course, love. He's the only one that can get you up." "Not the only one." He whispered as Hermione giggled as they walked in on Sirius, Tonks, and Minerva holding Teddy. Harry went over to take him when Hermione put her hand on his shoulder, clearly telling Harry to let Minerva play with Teddy. He shot an irritated look at her and sat down unhappily. "What's wrong Harry?" Minerva asked. Sirius, Tonks and Hermione all burst out laughing "Someone else is holding his Godson. He doesn't like it." Tonks answered, nearly snorting with laughter. "Oh. So he's like Sirius was with him." Minerva smiled knowingly. Sirius suddenly went red and stopped laughing, which made the other two laugh even more. "James used to complain that whenever Sirius was around, he didn't get to hold his own son. Why, I remember Order meetings where Lily would hand Harry off at the beginning and Sirius would still have him at the end a few hours later. And Harry would be all tired out and fast asleep on Sirius' shoulder at that point." Minerva laughed at the guilty look Sirius had. "So, you giving me a hard time about spending time with Ted is a bunch of bunk! You can leave off." Harry glared at Sirius. Sirius just smirked back. "Hello, Hello." Everyone heard as the front door opened. "In here Dan." Sirius yelled. "Do you have Em?" "I'm here Sirius." Emma smiled as she walked in. "Have you no manners Mr. Black?" Minerva scolded her old student in her 'Professor' voice. Sirius bounced up and went to greet the newcomers with a terrified look on his face. He shook Dan's hand "Welcome to the Madhouse." He stated formally. He then kissed Emma's hand. "Welcome my dear." He then turned to Minerva and said petulantly "Better Professor?" "Much." She replied primly as he let out a sigh as everyone laughed at the relief on his face. "She's scary when she's in Professor mode." Sirius added. "But it's when she uses that voice that you know she gives a da—hoot about you." Harry looked at Hermione as she nodded in approval of his change of language. "Whipped." Sirius coughed. "Shut that mouth." Minerva said sternly as she handed the baby to Harry when she stood. "I'd best be going. Like I said, if you would like to help with the rebuilding, we'll be at it all summer. So just come to the castle and we'll put you to work." She concluded as she floo'd away. "Are all the fireplaces available for floo passage?" Emma asked as everyone settled back down. "The bedrooms being used, the entrance room and in here are. The study is incoming only for now." Tonks answered since she was the one who hooked them up. During dinner that night, they talked of Umbridge's trial and they learned her fate. "After you left, we debated endlessly. Many of the pureblood faction were for just a slap on the wrist—no time in Azkaban, just a fine. Others, like myself, thought death was too good for her but would settle for it. The middle ground we came up with was Azkaban for life." Sirius explained. "I can live with that." Harry stated as Hermione nodded. "So was McGonagall here to get your help with the castle?" "Yeah." Tonks said. "I think I'll go up Friday. Do you want to join me?" "Why not?" Hermione replied. "Why don't we talk to Nev and Luna and see if they'd like to join us?" Harry suggested. "Sounds good. Then we can leave Teddy here with Sirius." Tonks looked at her cousin, who did not seem averse to this. "I can live with that. I've got to train him as a Marauder—best to start early" Sirius smirked at the horrified looks on their faces. "I was thinking I might take Harry, Luna and Neville for a walk down High Street tomorrow. Then maybe take them to Pizza Express. I doubt either one has had pizza before. What do you think mum?" Hermione asked. "I think that's a great idea. You can show them what muggle window shopping is and how much fun it can be." Emma smiled. After dinner, the little family watched a little telly and let the little man have tummy time-laying on Goddad's belly. Around 10, Harry took his Godson up to be fed and put down. As they came down from the nursery, Harry got a little nervous. He had been throwing around an idea all afternoon, wondering if Hermione would agree or not. Finally, as they were sitting next to the fire in Harry's room, he looked down at their joined hands. "Would you like to sleep in here tonight? Just sleep, nothing else." He then admitted tentatively, "I really liked waking up with you this afternoon. I can see waking up with you in my arms every day and I like that feeling." He then looked up into the depths of her chocolate eyes and saw the love. . . but also fear. She took his cheek in her hand. "Not yet. I'm not ready. It's not that I don't want to Harry. It's that I want to too much that I'm scared of what might happen. I love you so much and I can see us starting out just sleeping together. But after this afternoon, do you really think we could stop ourselves if we were that intimate? Really?" She gave him a sad smile. He was quiet for a few minutes. She could see him come to a decision. "You'll tell me when?" He confirmed "You'll be the first to know love." She leaned over and kissed him before she got up to leave. "I love you Harry." "I love you too." He replied as she closed the door. Thursday 21 May 1998 The next morning, Harry and Teddy went to the kitchen after their morning routine. Harry put Teddy in his bouncer on the island and began breakfast for everyone. He hadn't cooked in so long because he didn't seem to have time. Today, however, he'd decided to beat Dobby to the kitchen. He really missed cooking. Of course, it was always nicer to do something when you know it will be appreciated and you get to taste what you've cooked. In Harry's case, he was really looking forward to that. As he started getting ingredients and putting them on the island he said "Don't worry Ted. I'll teach you how to do this when you're older—just not as young as I was." He snorted. "I understand that girls especially like breakfast in bed, so you and I will have to do that for Hermione. Maybe we can do it for your mum too for her birthday." If anyone was watching, they would have thought a master chef was cooking, he was moving around the kitchen so effortlessly, keeping everything at different stages so it all came out at the same time. As he kept moving, he noticed that Teddy was tracking him loads better than usual. "Are you all ready growing up, little man? I mean, you seem more alert each time you're awake and you seem to be concentrating more. I really wish I had access to my dad or yours—at least they were fathers and could teach me how to handle helping to raise you. Your dad asked me to take over in his place if he didn't survive but I'm not sure I know how to do it." He paused in his cooking to lean down and kiss his godson. "I love you, kiddo. Maybe I should get some parenting books. That's what Aunt Hermione would do and we all know she's smart." Harry just kept up a stream of consciousness babble with Teddy. "You know, your Aunt Hermione is amazing and I love her so much. I want to spend the rest of my life loving her. I just hope she'll let me. I can't imagine my life without her." He sighed while he was flipping the bacon. "You know, Granddad Dan asked me if I wanted to marry her and I answered quickly but the more time I think about it, the more my answer feels right. I wanna ask her this summer." He looked down at his little man. "Maybe she'll say yes if you help me." He paused his speech when he heard people coming down the stairs. Sirius was the first one in. "Smells good kid. Can we eat?" He asked "Where's everyone else?" He replied. "We're here." Hermione and Dora returned in unison. "Can someone set the table?" They turned at the crack of Dobby entering the room. "Sorry Master Dogfather, Harry Potter Sir. I was plucking apricots and forgot the time." "That's okay, Dobby. I wanted to cook this morning." Harry assured the little guy. "Come sit down." He waved to the table Dora had made. As they sat down, Dora asked. "So, why'd you cook this morning Harry?" "I haven't cooked in a year and I wanted to. For my real family, not my relatives." He shrugged. "Well, this is really good Harry." Sirius grinned as he took more bacon. "Bacon—Merlin's gift to humanity." He mumbled as everyone laughed. When the table was quiet, Sirius said. "Tomorrow Harry, I'd like to take you to Gringotts and have you declared my heir. I want to make sure that it's all legal. I'd also like to introduce you and Neville to Ted who's going to help you get a handle on your finances. Maybe we'll have Nev meet us there." "Sure thing. Although I'd appreciate it if you stayed alive to at least long enough to meet our children." Harry waved at Hermione. At her blush, he realised what he said and hastily added. "As long as she's willing." He noticed a minute nod and his heart leapt. Sirius and Dora laughed at the blushes growing on the teens' faces. HP That afternoon, the quartet of friends decided to apparate to High Street and window shop. The sexes separated as the girls went into the boutiques and the boys went into sports stores. "So how is everything going with you and Harry?" Luna asked Hermione. "Great. I think we're finally over the issues of moving from best friends to potential lovers." She smiled as she looked at some pretty lingerie. She looked up at Luna and motioned her over. "Last night, he asked me to move into his room. Then this morning, he was talking to Sirius and he mentioned Sirius being around for our children. We've not really talked about the future except very casually. This seemed more permanent to me." She sighed as she chose some matching undergarments and a blue teddy. "Sounds like he wants to move things along to me." Luna smiled happily for her friend. "Have you decided to move in yet?" "I don't know." Hermione had a very thoughtful look on her face. "It seems like you've made up your mind." She nodded to the lingerie Hermione was now standing in line to buy. Hermione looked down and it came like a bolt of lightning. I'm ready she thought with a newfound confidence. She began smiling as she looked at Luna. "I think I have." She said with wonder in her voice. "I feel as though a weight had been lifted off of me. I don't know. It's like my heart has always known what it wants but finally convinced my brain to agree. Maybe talking it out has helped." She grinned at Luna as she purchased the items. "I knew dragging you in there was the right idea." Luna looked smugly at Hermione. "Did you plan that?" Hermione was incredulous. "Not really but I had an idea you needed to talk. You've been a little distracted today. So, I thought I would get you talking and see where it went." Hermione just shook her head as they went in search of their men. After finding them, she took everyone to Pizza Express for a late lunch. "Neville, I know you don't really eat much non-English food but this dish was originally Italian and was changed by the Americans. It's really good. You'll love it." Hermione assured both purebloods. And they did, Luna going so far as to talk to the bakers about how they made it. Like any good Ravenclaw, she was taking notes on napkins as they talked. The baker even invited her back to watch the baking process earlier in the day sometime. While Luna was busy grilling the baker, the other three just sat there patiently talking amongst themselves. "I guess this is what I get for dating a Ravenclaw—always interested in new knowledge." Neville mock moaned as they laughed. "At least it's not as bad as your friend getting an idea, and she abandons what she's doing to run to the library." Harry pointed to Hermione. "Well, that's saved us plenty of time!" Hermione huffed. "I know love. I'm just taking the mickey. You know I love that about you." Harry laughed as he hugged his girlfriend. "I've learned to appreciate those library runs because they have saved us." "Okay." Luna skipped up to them. "I'm coming back on Tuesday at 11." Nev laughed as he wrapped his arm around Luna and mumbled. "That's my girl." They left the restaurant and apparated to the Madhouse. When they arrived, they heard Teddy screaming bloody murder from upstairs. Harry muttered "See ya later, guys" as he took the stairs two at a time, worried about Teddy. He heard Nev say "And he's off like a broomstick! He worries more about that boy than any kid our age should have to." "He's my Godson!" Harry yelled back as they all laughed. He got upstairs and burst into Dora's room. She was sitting there in the rocker trying to get Teddy to eat. "Dora what's wrong?" He asked a little panicked. "We think Teddy's got a cold. Sirius is at the apothecary getting a baby safe pain reliever." Harry took a deep breath. "We got home and heard him crying." Harry yelled over Teddy's crying when it suddenly stopped as Teddy latched on to his mum. "And it sounded like hell had broken loose, so I came as quickly as I could." He sat down on Dora's bed. "What happened?" "He woke up after his nap and was so irritable that I couldn't put him down. He wouldn't eat. He didn't want to play with Padfoot. Then we noticed a runny nose. Sirius recognised a cold, so he's out getting the stuff Lily got for you." She smiled. "You should have seen his face when he realised he could help fix it." Dora laughed. "Apparently, you had one about the same age and Sirius says he took care of you at night so Lily and James could sleep." "Well, I'm glad he knew what to do." Harry sighed as he looked down at his now sleeping Godson. They got up and went down to the drawing-room where they put him in his cradle and sat near the fireplace—away from Ted so they could talk. Hermione joined them with three butterbeers. "You're going to make a great dad someday Harry. I'm just hoping Teddy hasn't killed me before then." Dora smiled tiredly at the couple. Harry went red at the compliment. "Well, I'll make all my mistakes with that one so I'll know what I'm doing when we have ours." Harry replied. He looked critically at Dora. "Dora, you need to go rest. We'll watch over him here. You look exhausted." Dora looked hesitant. "I shouldn't. He may need me." "We'll come get you when we can't handle it," Hermione assured the new mum. "Okay." She got up and headed to bed. "Wow. She must be tired. She usually doesn't acquiesce so quickly." Hermione marveled. "She's been alone with him for a while, it must be draining—knowing nothing you're doing is helping." They heard a pop from the entrance hall. Sirius came through the sitting room to the drawing-room. "Where are Dora and Teddy?" He asked. "Teddy's over there asleep," Harry informed, pointing to the cradle. "And Dora is upstairs resting. Did you get the potions?" "Yeah. One fever and pain reducer and one decongestant. We don't want to wake him up though to give it to him. I made that mistake with you and you did not want to go back to sleep. The only thing I could do was lay with you as Padfoot and lick you to make you giggle." He smiled at the memory. "How much time did you spend with my parents? Didn't you have your own place?" "Yeah, but my place was lonely so I spent most evenings at Jamie's. Especially after you were born. I moved in for the last month of the pregnancy and your first six months. I was there when your mum went into labour." He laughed. "Had to firecall Jamie at the office, then floo to hospital with Lily-stayed with her till your dad got there. Then Remus and I wore holes in the tile as we waited." "So you helped take care of me, sort of like me with Teddy." Harry grinned. "Yeah. But you won't run off and get put into Azkaban." Sirius shook his head at his own foolishness. About an hour later, Dora came downstairs just as the little man was waking. She picked him up as he began to cry. Sirius left the room and came back with two phials. Telling her what he was doing, he gave Teddy a dropper full of each. He nearly instantly calmed down and Dora just rocked him. "The sales lady said to give them every three to four hours. What I learned with Harry was to not wake the kid to give him potions. It makes babies angry." Sirius grinned. By this time, it was nearly seven and Dobby called them for dinner. They had called the Grangers and let them know it wasn't safe to come over if they didn't want to get sick. They agreed. So it was just the four adults and Teddy, who was in the bouncer on a widened chair. "So Harry. Tomorrow we meet with Ted for the will, then we'll meet Neville at 10:30 at Gringotts for formal introductions to Ted." Sirius laid out. "On Monday morning, we shall go to Augusta's house to talk politics and give you a weekly crash course and come up with Alliances for all." He laughed at the pained look on Harry's face. "Lovely," Harry replied sarcastically. They then turned the conversation to more mundane things. When Hermione told Sirius about Luna's interest in pizza, all he could do was laugh. "That sounds so much like the Luna I'm getting to know." Sirius barked. "Seems like an interesting person, she does." Dora laughed. "I haven't talked to her much but I like her." HP Later that night, as Harry was giving his brown-eyed girl a kiss near his door, she piped up with "Would you like me to move in here tomorrow?" He looked surprised and brought her into his room and sat her on his bed. "Are you sure?" He asked looking her directly in the eyes. "Yes, love. I'm sure." "Why now? What's changed since last night?" "Well, I talked to Luna and realised my heart and mind were actually on the same page. I think I needed to talk it out with someone not involved in the situation." She explained. "Then of course. I'd love you to move in. And I've got to thank Luna." He replied fervently. Hermione just laughed as she went to get nightclothes; she could move the rest of her stuff later. They just laid down and cuddled as they fell asleep. Friday 22 May 1998 The whole house did not sleep well that night. Each adult was up with Teddy at least once that night. He actually ended up in Harry and Hermione's bed around 2.00 and all three of them catnapped when Teddy was able to sleep. The poor guy couldn't sleep for more than half an hour at a time. Unlike most days, they stayed in bed until 8.00, so they could all sleep as much as possible. By 9.00, Harry and Sirius were about to head out. "What are you going to do while we're gone?" Sirius asked Hermione at breakfast. "I think I'm going to work on the Rune project Professor Babbling and I have been working on together." She smiled enthusiastically. "What is it?" "Oh, we're trying to find a rune sequence that will allow our electronics to work in places like Hogwarts. When we left Hogwarts, Professor Babbling and I had made significant progress but were stumped a bit by the rune set we were developing for making the batteries get their charge from magic or protect the battery from magic. It would be better if magic actually charged the batteries but I'm not sure if it's possible." She babbled. Sirius laughed as he said "Calm down Hermione. You'll figure it out. Mooney was really good at Runes, maybe I can find his school books and notes and you can look through them?" She bounded up and ran around the table to Sirius and gave him one of her patented hugs. "Thank you. Thank you." "Neeed. . . To. . . Brea" he tried to say as she let go sheepishly. He took a deep, dramatic breath. "Thank you." He smiled as everyone chuckled at their antics. "Sorry." She smiled back as she sat back down. Teddy began to whimper as he woke up. Hermione got up to hold him, as she was done eating. "I'll try a bottle, yeah." She looked at Dora who smiled sleepily as Hermione summoned and warmed a bottle. "You know, Mione, you might call Luna for help with your project. She's supposed to be good with Runes and her mum experimented and invented Charms. She might know some charms to help." Harry suggested. "I'll do that." She smiled at Harry as he and Sirius got up to leave. He kissed her and Teddy's cheeks as he left. "Now, Harry, I want you to apparate to the Cauldron because we need to talk about how to deal with the Goblins and Humans we're going to deal with." Sirius said before he apparated. Harry followed. HP When they got out of the Cauldron and headed into Diagon Alley, Sirius started talking. "Harry, the first thing you need to know is that there are both Goblin and Human account managers. Your family has always had a Goblin account manager until James changed that when Ted came to work there. He knew Ted married my rebellious cousin and wanted to support them. He was a firm believer in marrying for love, not contract, so he decided to give Ted his first big client." Sirius smiled fondly. "Ted was so grateful to him that the fees normally associated with the transfer to James were waived. The Goblins hated that. Even though most accounts always have a Goblin and Human working on them—especially the large ones—because you were not able to make any of the financial decisions, they decided to leave Ted as the only manager. I understand, he now has a trainee named Swordback for your accounts." Sirius continued. "Since the managers take a commission on how much they make for each client that year, I guarantee Ted will be getting a sizable commission by December." He looked at Harry. "Understand this about the Human-Goblin relations Harry. They don't like us because they see us as rude, vulgar, racists. If you treat Trainee Swordback with respect, you will get much better service from him. After this summer, most of your exchanges will not be with Ted but with Swordback. Treat him with respect and you'll have a better relationship with Gringotts." "What do I call him?" Harry asked, a little worried about offending the Goblin that deals with his money. "Trainee Swordback will do for now." Sirius smiled encouragingly. "Good question." He patted Harry on the back as they came up the stairs at Gringotts. As the Goblins opened the door, Harry said, "Thank you sir." As he went through. Sirius smiled as he noticed the strange looks they gave each other. "Good job Harry." Sirius smiled. "What?" Harry was confused. "Most wizards don't say thank you. You just earned respect from those two." Harry just shook his head. "That's crazy. They keep our money. It'd only hurt us if we were rude." Harry answered as his Godfather laughed. "James said the same thing to me in 1st year." Sirius smiled as he walked up to a desk. "Master Ragre, we're here to see Master Tonks and Trainee Swordback. We have an appointment." "Of course, Lord Black." Master Ragre picked up what looked like a cordless phone, spoke a few words in his own language and hung up. "Please have a seat over there." He pointed to some marble benches. "Trainee Swordback will be out momentarily." "Thank you Master Ragre." Harry made a small head bow as they left. Sirius noted the look Master Ragre gave them. I've got to tell Dora, she'll love this, the older man thought. A few minutes later and Trainee Swordback came out to lead them back to a very large office, richly decorated with a large man a few years older than Sirius. He came out from behind the desk. "Hello, Sirius. How's my grandson?" He asked smiling. Harry had the impression he smiled a lot. "He's fine Ted." His Godfather smiled back as he shook Ted's hand. "He's got a cold but that's under control." "Well, that's good." He returned as he turned to Harry. "Hello, Harry." He shook Harry's hand. "Well, sit down and we can get started." Once everyone was seated, Ted began. "I understand you want to officially take your Lordship Sirius and designate an heir, am I correct?" "Yep. That's about the size of it." And they were signing parchment with blood quills for the next hour or so. Sirius went through the blood ritual he needed in order to take his Lordship. "Now Harry, you can take your Lordship now—you are of age—however, I would advise you to do it after this summer's training." Ted said. "Why?" "Well, you'll have a better idea of what you have and be more aware of a Lord's responsibilities. I think it will mean more once you've done that." "Makes sense." Harry replied thoughtfully. At that moment, a knock sounded. "Enter." Ted commanded as Trainee Swordback came in with Neville. "Hello, Neville." Ted said as Harry and Sirius said "Hey Nev." "Come in and sit-down Neville." Ted offered. As everyone sat back down, Ted continued. "Now, what Sirius, Augusta and I have agreed to is that I will teach you about your holdings from Tuesday to Friday each week until I believe you are ready to handle your own finances. In the beginning, it will be a lot of parchment work getting you familiar with your holdings, then you'll be going through your vaults and itemising what you have; you may even take some home if you wish. Then you will be choosing a property to renovate. The renovation, including the hiring and firing of construction companies and people to work these properties will take at least most of the summer." Ted laughed at the overwhelmed look the boys were exchanging. "Don't worry. I'll walk you through the process and help whenever you need it. Also, Trainee Swordback will be able to help as well." "Thank you Trainee Swordback." Harry replied gratefully. HP For the rest of the weekend, Harry and Hermione helped with Teddy. Hermione had moved all her stuff into Harry's room on Friday, in between helping to take care of Teddy and working on her project. She didn't have Luna over because Teddy was sick. Friday night Teddy ended up in Harry and Hermione's room because he seemed to like being taken care of by his Godfather. At one point, Dora was so upset about Teddy "not liking me" that she started crying. Sirius took her into the study, sat her down and explained. "Teddy isn't their kid, so they're not as worried as you. They're just doing what needs to be done—without much emotion. You, on the other hand, are his mum. You're worried to bits and are a basketful of emotions. Teddy senses this and wants the calmness of Harry." Sirius explained. "I was the same way with Harry. Lily and James were worrying themselves sick—literally with Jamie- so I took over. We're removed from the worrying by one step. You, Lily and James are that much closer because he's your son." Dora had calmed a lot during this explanation and finally said. "He doesn't hate me then?" Sirius just laughed. "Of course not, love." He gave his cousin a hug. "How do you know all this about what to do with a kid? I feel like I'm just winging it and not getting it right half the time." "Of course you do, this is your first go-round. I've done this age. Ask me in three years how to handle your son. I won't have a clue!" He laughed. They got up and went to the drawing-room where Hermione was rocking Teddy to sleep. "He's just had half a bottle and the potions, so I think he'll sleep a while." She informed Dora. "I was going to let him fall asleep and bring him to the library with me unless you want him." She lifted an eyebrow. "Just put him in the bassinet in here. I'm going to work on some stuff, so I can keep my eye on him." Dora said as she waved her wand to clean up the toys. Hermione followed her instructions and gave her a hug on the way out. "Call us if you need us, Dora." She smiled. She walked into the study where Sirius was at his desk looking through a file. He looked up at her entrance and smiled, motioning to a seat. "So, what are you doing in here? Looks like you're going through old records?" She asked him. "Yeah. I went to Gringotts to go to the Potter Vault to find any information on the Potter-Longbottom Alliance that Fleamont's father, Henry and Frank's grandfather Gage forged right out of school. I understand from Monty that this alliance goes further back but it was formalized in their time." Sirius sighed. "It seems from records that the Longbottoms and Potters go back at least to the formation of the Ministry, maybe further." "Why are you looking at it now?" Hermione queried curiously. "Because, you, Harry and I are going to Augusta's on Monday for a refresher course on the politics of Wizengamot and all the old Alliances." Sirius smirked, knowing Hermione's reaction already. "Sounds like fun." Hermione grinned. "But you might want to warn Harry ahead of time. He won't appreciate new lessons being dropped on him all the sudden." She smirked back. "Could you tell him?" Sirius asked with a little fake fear in his voice. "No. You're his Godfather, it's your job." She laughed at his pout. "Spoilsport," Sirius muttered as she left the study laughing. Sunday 24 May 1998 Sunday went by with Teddy finally on the mend. Saturday night he actually stayed asleep the usual amount of time. Sunday he was less fussy and Harry and Hermione decided to take him into the mall in Crawley. They came home with a few hundred sterling worth of clothes, Teddy Bears and muggle toys for the little man. When Dora told them to take it back, Hermione replied with, "Talk to him." As she pointed to Harry. "He's the one blowing his money." "It is not blowing it if I'm having fun!" Harry protested. "And no Dora. I'm not taking anything back." She just smiled at the stubborn look on his face. "I'm only letting you get away with it because you seem to enjoy it." She smiled at Harry. He nodded. Looking at his Godson in the sling around his shoulders, he noticed the boy was almost asleep. "He's almost asleep. He's been awake most of the outing, so I'll put him in his cot." He started up the stairs.
A/N I almost forgot about posting this today. I usually do it after church and I didn't go this morning. Ch. 7 Monday 25 May 1998 Monday morning, Harry woke to Teddy whimpering in his Moses Basket at the end of Harry's bed. Harry grabbed his glasses and got up to change and feed him. When Teddy saw Harry, he let out a belly laugh. "I see you're feeling much better today." Harry whispered so he didn't wake Hermione. Having a sick child the first night your girlfriend spends the night in your room is a surefire way to dampen the mood. As much as he loved Teddy, he wanted his nights back. "Can we please let you sleep in your nursery tonight little sprog? I really want to sleep alone with your Aunt Hermione tonight. Please." "Are you actually whining to Ted about his sleeping arrangements?" Hermione asked sternly as she padded across to the seating area. "No. I'm asking. There's a difference." Harry corrected hastily, thinking Mione was mad. When she started laughing, he grinned. "You are so cute my love." She leaned over the divan to give him a kiss. When Harry turned Ted on his shoulder for a burp, Teddy grabbed a bunch of Hermione's hair. "Yes. You are cute too little one." She smiled as she untangled his little hands. HP When they were done with breakfast, three of them headed off to Longbottom Estate for their lessons. When Harry floo'd in, he fell on his face. As he got up, he saw the very formal woman that was Nev's Gran standing in front of him. "Hello, Lady Longbottom." He intoned as he took her hand and kissed it. "Hello, Mr. Potter." She replied just as formally. She then looked at Sirius. "You've started his training in etiquette, I see. Good for you Lord Black." She then gave them all a warm smile. "Welcome to Longbottom Estate." She said as she led them to the sitting room. "While we are here, please feel free to address me by my Christian name." Harry was a little shocked at this and looked at Nev. All he got was a bewildered look in response. "Thank you, Augusta" Harry replied as they all took seats. "Now, I understand from Sirius that you, Harry and Hermione, have not gotten the training in how our political system works, is that right?" She began. "Yes, ma'am. I didn't know I was part of a Noble and Ancient House until a few weeks ago." Harry smiled sheepishly. "And you are a first-generation witch, right?" "Yes ma'am." Hermione looked confused. "Most call me 'muggle-born'." She added. "I hate that term. It sounds derogatory." Augusta declared. "That's an interesting idea." Harry said. "The term 'first-generation' turns the idea into a positive rather than a negative." "Yes, Harry." Augusta smiled. She pulled out a book from a bookcase and sat down, handing it to Harry. "Here is a list of what are called the Sacred 28. They are the families with the 'purest' blood in Britain. At the beginnings of the Ministry in 1707, there were 32 Pureblood families that had seats on Wizengamot. In the 1930's, they kicked some off because they were not 'pure' enough. In other words, they thought because these families didn't share their beliefs about muggles, they were impure. Monty just barely held onto his seat during this time but he was not included in the "Sacred 28". You'll notice that your friend Ron's family is in there. They are not on Wizengamot now. Their seat was taken in a quidditch match bet between the Malfoy's and Weasley's 300 years ago." Augusta had to stop because Harry, Hermione and Neville started laughing like hyenas. "Please tell me it was a Cannon's match." Harry said through his laughter. "I'm unsure. I can check the archives tomorrow." Augusta returned a little bewildered. "That would be brilliant." Harry calmed down. "I'll have to tell the twins." "Now." She continued sternly. "Originally, these families had 2 votes apiece and thirteen heads of departments on Wizengamot. So they originally had 75 votes. Now, the Sacred 28 plus the Potter's hold 2 votes apiece. Of the other seats, 27 are made up of department heads, and 15 are award nominees." She wrote in the air all the names of the Sacred 28 and began crossing some out. "These crossed out seats are now empty because they are Death Eaters. They have been taken away permanently. That was decided this week." Harry began crossing out names with his wand. "Then all these families won't have seats." He sat down. "Yes. If they're convicted." Augusta confirmed. "Now, Harry, your seat has been empty for 16 years and was overseen by Albus, so it is rightfully yours now. I would suggest you wait to take it up until you actually feel you are ready." "Not now then." He smirked at Hermione and Neville. "Yes. Of course." She smiled indulgently at James' son. Looking at Hermione, she noticed she was writing but not on parchment or with ink. "What are you writing on Hermione?" She was curious because it looked so much more efficient. "It's muggle paper and pen." She smiled as she handed it over for the older lady to look at. She immediately began writing. "This is so wonderful." Lady Longbottom enthused. "It's so much easier to use. Can you get me some? It'd be much better than parchment." "Of course." Hermione smiled wondering if she could introduce paper and pen to school this year. "Now, as you can tell, the Sacred 28 list is not complete. For instance, the Lovegood's are purebloods, so are the Boots. I was going to suggest this afternoon that after a seat is taken that it be given to another, pureblood or not, that has served society in some way. My first appointment was going to be Minerva McGonagall. She's a half-blood that has done great things for this society." At this, everyone was nodding. "I'll second that." "Thank you, Sirius. I've been talking with a lot of families and I think it will pass." They then went on to discuss names of possible replacements for another hour or two. Toward the end, Augusta asked. "Sirius, are you going to bring Harry to watch the proceedings today?" "I was thinking of it." He looked at Harry who nodded. He needed to learn as much as he could about the politics of Wizengamot if he was ever going to do anything there. "I guess so. Nev, you going?" Sirius asked. "Yeah. I s'ppose." He grumbled. Everyone adjourned and the small family floo'd back to the Madhouse for lunch. HP They floo'd into the house and Harry heard a song he recognised but couldn't put a name to. "Who is this?" he asked as he followed the music to the drawing room where Dora was dancing with Teddy in her arms. Teddy was just giggling. "You don't know who this is?" Sirius asked incredulously. At the shake of Harry's head, he said. "It's the greatest band ever besides Led Zeppelin—the Beatles." He took Hermione in his arms and started dancing to All You Need Is Love. Hermione started laughing but Harry noticed that she followed Sirius' lead. He started to wonder if he needed to get dance lessons; it seemed Hermione liked to dance and if she does, he needed to learn. He wanted to be able to do things Hermione liked to do. But the only experience he had with dancing was the Yule Ball—not his finest day. Maybe Emma could help. All this was going through his mind as they danced and he sat there watching. Soon Dobby popped in and announced lunch. As they sat down, Sirius asked the young people, "So what do you think of the lessons with Augusta?" "It was interesting. I've heard of the Sacred 28 but never understood how many pureblood families there are. It's no wonder the system is so rigged against non-purebloods." Hermione offered. "I think if you add more diverse views, you can nip this bigotry stuff in the bud now." "Yeah. I like the idea of bringing in people that have done something for society." Harry added. "I just hope they let mug—first-generation families in." "One thing you have to understand about Wizengamot is they never meet before 1.30—and are home by 6. They do not believe in getting up early or staying late. However, they do believe in being on time." Sirius got up from the table. "Let's go." They got up, said goodbye to Dora and Teddy and left. When they arrived at the Ministry, they ran into Nev on their way to the lifts. "Hey, Nev." Hermione said as they rode it to the proper floor. "Hey, Hermione." He smiled at them both. "Now Wizengamot usually meets in a smaller chamber on Level 2 because not every member shows up every day. However, we have been meeting in our large chamber on level 10 since the war ended because everyone and their nephew twice removed wants to come." Lady Longbottom explained as they got off the lifts to take the stairs. "Boys, everyone is going to stare. You are new entities and you're both famous, so don't be surprised." They came to a pair of heavy, deep red English Oak doors that looked to Harry to be a thousand years old. They had solid brass rings as door pulls instead of normal doorknobs. This should have clued Harry into what the inside of the room would be like. They walked into a rectangular room with heavy wood paneling on the walls. The entrance to the room led down an aisle with stadium seating, 5 rows each on the long sides of the rectangle. At the end of the aisle was an ornate, and clearly very old, oak table with two ornate, throne-like seats. To the side of that was a smaller desk, clearly for the Wizengamot scribe. Both Kingsley and Griselda Marchbanks, the Chief Witch, were seated at the table. As they came in, Sirius went to the left top bench to the middle seat with Harry and Hermione following. The Longbottoms went to the right to a similar position. Sirius leaned over to Harry (who was seated next to him) and Hermione, who was on his right and said. "You're seated in my Heir and Spare seats. Next to you, Hermione is the Potter seat." He grinned. "James and I had our seats moved together so all four of us could sit together and talk. We'd only ever attend if both our fathers were not attending." "You really didn't take this seriously did you?" Hermione asked. "Nope. Not in the least." he grinned as people began filling the seats around them. Augusta was right. They were being stared at and it took everything he had for Harry not to slip down in his seat. He looked over at Neville who looked like a deer in headlamps at all the attention. Eventually, as Nev began to calm down, he looked over at Harry and they grinned at each other. It was then that Harry decided that he wasn't going to be bothered by the stares. He took Hermione's left hand and rubbed his thumb over her fingers, thinking of how to get a ring on there as soon as possible. He was surprised to see so many of his classmates sitting next to their fathers: Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Millicent Bulstrode, Daphne Greengrass, and Ernie MacMillan were the only ones he could name but he recognised several more. "Augusta mentioned something this morning about Alliances, Pads, are we going to be building some?" The thoughtful young man asked. "Yes. Soon. I want to talk more with her first though. I'm still getting my footing back as well. While being in on the Death Eater deliberations has helped, I want to get Augusta's advice first. Merlin, I wish Frank or James were here." The session got underway then with Kingsley slamming the gavel down. It was the usual bureaucracy that happens in forums like this. They settled on a schedule for the next two weeks of trials of Death Eaters. They appointed a few temporary Heads of Departments. They even discussed the awarding of some high honors to those who fought in the Battle of Hogwarts. Harry felt as though he had to say something but decided to check with Sirius first. "Pads, I need to speak up on this. How do I go about this?" Sirius smirked. As soon as this topic was brought up, he knew Harry'd want to speak. "I'll help." Harry looked at him gratefully. Sirius stood at the next break in the debate. "Chief Witch Marchbanks, my heir would like to address this body." He smiled at her. "Of course. The Chief Witch recognises the heir to Houses Black and Potter, Mr. Harry Potter." She smiled indulgently at him as he began to feel sick. As he stood, he felt his legs trying to give way. I can do this. I faced Voldemort and Dan, this should be easy. He thought. He took a deep breath and began. "Witches and Warlocks, while deciding to honor both the living and dead is a noble idea, I feel that being as most of you weren't there or were on the wrong side, this whole body has no right to decide who deserves the honors bestowed. It is only those that were there, that saw the carnage, who had to visit death on others, who had to move their dead friends into the Great Hall in the reprieve Tom gave our side, that should be deciding who gets what award." The hall erupted in shouting, He let the Chief Witch and Kings get control, then continued as though he hadn't been stopped by children fighting. His gaze took on a decidedly stubborn look to it. He heard Hermione groan and smiled to himself. The look she had hated for 7 years, that she called his 'I'm done thinking and I'm just going to do it' face, was on full force. "As I grew up knowing nothing of this world, I have no idea what awards there are. However," He got a gleam of mischief that Sirius groaned at (James used it all too often) in his eyes. "I believe if you truly want to honor these men and women, you could form a small band of the combatants from the Battle who decide these things. I offer Neville Longbottom as the leader of this committee." He paused to unearthly silence, so everyone could hear Nev's almost silent groan. Harry looked at him to see Nev glaring back. At this point, he let a feral grin out to play. "He not only stood up to Voldemort when everyone else was unwilling or too afraid but fought with unparalleled valor that night. I feel that he deserves the responsibility of deciding these awards, along with others who fought." He sat down. There was dead silence. Then, a man whom Harry thought was Mr. Greengrass, stood up. "I concur with the reasoning behind Mr. Potter's request. However, I would suggest that some from this august body be included in this committee to give some official sanction to these awards. I also believe that those included from this body have no ties to V-V-Voldemort's side." Chief Marchbanks looked at Harry. "Do you have a problem with this Mr. Potter?" He stood up. "I believe this to be an excellent idea. As my girlfriend has told me how honest and openminded his daughter Daphne is, I nominate Mr. Greengrass as the first of these members." He smiled his thanks to Mr. Greengrass. So they began the back and forth of nominating Wizengamot members to this committee. They decided on a 10-member committee with an extra if they needed a tie-breaker. Seven would-be combatants to be determined by Neville. Four would be Wizengamot members. They voted in MacMillan, Slughorn (Harry grimaced at the inclusion of Horace), Greengrass, and Abbott. Finally, they had the committee organised and they moved on to other business. It was then that Lady Longbottom brought up the ideas they had discussed that morning. When what Harry had begun thinking of as the Death Eater contingent got ahold of it, they were furious. Avery's proxy, since he was in jail, started off with "You can't let mudbloods into Wizengamot." That stirred all sorts of anger at the proxy and those who took the death eater side. At a lull in the conversation, Neville stood shakily. "I understand that everyone is scared about how things are changing so fast for the purebloods in our society. However, the truth is that if we keep along this path, it will lead to another Dark Lord. I really don't want to have to fight another war. If we include both half-bloods and first-generation families in this body, we won't be as insular as we have been and there will be less division in our world." He took a breath. "Look, just because you're a pureblood doesn't mean you're inherently smarter than a first-generation witch. The smartest witch I will ever meet is a first-generation witch. She's sitting in this body as we speak. She is the top student at Hogwarts and her parents are muggles." At the yell of "Who?" Neville looked over at Hermione. Harry put his arm around her and smiled down at her. "Her name's Hermione Granger and she's sitting with her boyfriend Harry Potter. She also fought beside us at Hogwarts." Neville pointed to them. "Lord Black, how dare you bring a mudblood to our session?" The Carrow proxy shouted. Harry was about to stand up and defend his love when she reached over and kissed his cheek. "Please no Harry." They didn't see it but Sirius shot to his feet. "HOW DARE YOU INSULT THE WOMAN WHO SAVED MY LIFE!" He bellowed as he started to leave his seat. Harry could feel the anger rolling off him as he tried to crawl over Harry and Hermione. Harry stood up and grabbed his Godfather's shoulder, fully aware that Sirius was going to pummel the fool who said that because he felt the same way, and stopped him from moving. "Padfoot, I just got you back, please don't do anything they could throw you in Azkaban for." He said soothingly. That was as good as cold water being thrown at his face as Sirius looked at those pleading eyes and took a breath to gain control. He nodded at Harry, glad to have someone that cared about him. He stood at his seat. "It is that kind of bigotry that caused both Grindelwald and Voldemort. We need a change and Lady Longbottom's idea is one both the Houses of Black and Potter support wholeheartedly." "As do I." Said Lord Abbott. "As do I." "As do I" Chief Marchbanks held up her hand at this. "We will take an official vote." It passed by a wide margin. HP After the session, the three met up with Nev and Augusta. Nev just glared at Harry. "You're dead, mate." He growled. "What'd I do?" Harry looked at Nev innocently as they walked to the stairs. "I don't need this bloody committee! They're gonna walk all over me." Nev groaned. Harry put his hand on Nev's shoulder. "No, they won't. You can do this Nev. I know you can." He said as they got on the lift. Augusta looked at Harry. "I did not realise you were such a natural at getting your own way young man." She complimented. "I knew all along." Hermione put in. When Augusta and Sirius gave her a skeptical look, she simply replied, "When he can talk you in to going after Voldemort in first year, saving Sirius third year, going to the DOM fifth year and running off to save the Wizarding world seventh year, you just get used to him getting his own way." Hermione laughed at the incredulous look on Augusta's face. "You'll have to tell me some of these stories." She shook her head as they got to the fireplaces. "We'll pick Nev up at 8.00 tomorrow," Sirius said as he floo'd out. "Bye Nev, Augusta." Harry spun out with Hermione. When they got home, everyone but Teddy was exhausted. He was on the floor playing with his gym and giggling when they came into the drawing-room. Dora was just sitting there with her eyes closed. Harry leaned down to pick up his godson and laid down on the rug. Then he put Teddy on his stomach and they talked and played in their own world until it was time for dinner. As they walked into the kitchen, Hermione said, "You two were in your own world for the whole time we were in the drawing-room." "Yeah. I needed to unwind and for some unknown reason playing with Teddy does that for me." he smiled his lopsided smile she loved so much. HP That night Teddy slept in his nursery. Of course, Harry still fed him and got him ready for bed but he stayed in his own cot. This meant that Harry and Hermione had their room to themselves. They got into pajamas and sat outside on their balcony through the French doors in their room. Harry sat down in a lounge chair and pulled Mione to sit down with him. Hermione tucked into Harry's arms as they both relaxed. "This is the first time we've been in this room alone since you moved your stuff in." Harry said as he rested his head on the chair. "Yeah. It's sort of nice to just sit out here and not worry about Teddy." She smiled. "That doesn't mean I'm not worried about him; just that my mind is more on you than him." He smiled into her hair. He took a deep breath and inhaled the vanilla scent that he only associated with her. "I love you Mione." He said softly. "I love you too my Harry." She smiled as she cuddled even deeper into him. "I can't believe the war is over, we're together, most of our friends have survived, we're now living with Sirius right next to my parents and we get to help rebuild the world." "Yeah. I can't wait to see how Nev handles this Awards Committee." He chuckled softly. "Was that a spur of the moment decision? The committee with Nev at the head?" "The committee idea was because I didn't want any Death Eater families deciding these things. Nev, well that was just a way of helping him spread his wings." He chuckled evilly. "Did you see the look he gave you?" She looked up into his face as he smirked down at her. "You did. Didn't you? Why?" "I don't want him crawling back into his shell. I like the new Nev." She laughed. "You're mean." They fell into silence and finally fell asleep in each other's arms. A little while later, Sirius came in to check on them, like he had done every night since the battle; he chuckled and levitated both of them inside onto the bed where they instinctively cuddled together. "Goodnight Prongslet." He whispered as he kissed his godson on the forehead. "Goodnight Mrs. Prongslet" "G'night Padfoot." She mumbled as he smiled on the way out. Tuesday 26 May 1998 The next morning, Hermione woke up not in the same place she'd fallen asleep. For some unknown reason, this brought all her senses to alert. She turned over as quietly as she could, you never knew who was out there, and grabbed her wand. As she woke up enough for her frontal cortex to start reasoning, she slowly realised that they must have fallen asleep outside and someone moved them in. However, to be sure, she slowly opened her eyes and saw that yes, she was in their bedroom and nothing was amiss. She sighed as her heart rate slowed and she got up for the day. After her shower, she went down to the kitchen where Harry was cooking breakfast. Again, he was talking to Teddy as he cooked. Hermione just stood there in the door watching as Harry told Teddy about what he and Uncle Nev were going to do today. With Harry and Nev out of the house, she thought she would invite Luna over to work on her Runes project. "So, when are you going to Gringotts today?" She asked as Harry jumped for his wand and swiveled around. Teddy gurgled with laughter. "Oh. It's just you." He sighed as he put down his wand and looked at his godson. "You think that's funny, do you?" He asked as he tickled the little man. Teddy just continued laughing. Hermione laughed as well. As Harry went back to work, he replied. "I think about 8 but I'm not sure." "Okay." She left the room and went to floocall Luna to see if she wanted to come over to work on the Runes project. She was very excited to help. Runes and Charms were her favorite subjects and she hadn't been challenged at all this last year. A good problem was just what she needed. "Hey kids, enjoy falling asleep on the balcony last night?" Sirius grinned and wiggled his eyebrows teasingly as he sat down at the table. "Yes, we did," Harry replied nonchalantly, even though his cheeks were burning. "Was that you who brought us in?" Hermione inquired. "Yes. I didn't think you'd want to wake up like that." "Thanks. You were right. That would've hurt." She smiled at who she was rapidly thinking of as Uncle Pads. "Then he came in and told me all about it." Dora continued as she sat with Teddy and let him nurse while she ate. "He was lucky I was up changing Teddy at the time or I would've hexed him to little itty bits." "You wouldn't do that to your favorite cousin?" Sirius teased. "If you woke me? Of course, I would. The only man allowed to wake me is this little one." Dora smiled as Teddy just kept on eating. "Will any of you be home for lunch today?" Dobby asked from his seat. "Har-bear and I won't." Sirius contributed. "Luna and I will." Hermione added. "I won't be. Mum's taking Teddy so I can have lunch with a friend." Dora replied. "Thank yous sirs and ma'ams." Dobby left his chair, snapped his fingers and the table cleared itself. "We've got to go." Sirius got up, gave Ted, Dora and Hermione kisses. goodbye and waited for Harry, who did the same, only he whispered "I love you" to Ted and Hermione as he left. "I understand you are going to work on your project today?" Dora asked Hermione as the men left. "Yeah. Luna's coming over in a few minutes and we have to head to Flourish and Blott's for some texts we need. Then we'll be back. We're also going to take a phone I've already put a few Rune sequences on to see how well it holds up in a magically infused area." Dora just shook her head. "Okay. I'll be interested to have one when you get it working. You know, I have a friend in the Patents Office that could help you make money from this when you've finished." "Maybe. I might try to help a few friends at Hogwarts then do something with the Patent Office." "You mean you want to hook the younger generation a bit, then ask for money. Smart thinking." She laughed as she got up to get Teddy ready to leave. They both heard the floochime as they walked out of the kitchen. "Hey, Luna." Hermione greeted as she went into the sitting room and gave her friend a hug. HP The two men, dressed in their finest robes and looking as aristocratic as they could pull off—which was pretty well done, floo'd to Longbottom Estate to pick up an equally well-dressed Neville. Then all three floo'd to Gringotts. A few minutes later they were shown into the same office as before. There, Trainee Swordback and Master Tonks were waiting for the trio. "Hello Ted. Hello Trainee Swordback. How are you doing today?" Sirius asked as he shook Ted's hand and bowed to Swordback. Both young men followed suit. "I'm well." Ted smiled. "How's my Grandson?" At this, all three laughed. "Is that always going to be your first question, Ted?" Harry asked. "Of course. You live with him, I don't." He laughed. "Well, if you go home for lunch, you'll see him today." Harry informed him. "I think I'll do that." He looked at all three men sitting across his desk after he sat down himself. "Well Sirius, I know that you are to be at Wizengamot this morning, so you should probably leave. I need to get these men started on all this." He waved his hand at two large tables that were stacked high with folders. "Bloody hell." Harry breathed as the other three laughed. "This is why I've put this task off with Gran. It's a nightmare learning all this." Nev supplied. Sirius got up to leave until Harry took his arm. He looked down at his Godson. "Can I come with you to Wizengamot instead of this?" He pleaded. Sirius couldn't help it. He wanted to be the adult in this situation so badly but it was just too funny for the Marauder. He burst out laughing and couldn't stop for at least three minutes straight. Once he was able to get himself under control—both he and Ted were laughing so hard they were egging each other on- he said, "Sorry Prongslet. You need this." He turned around and left as fast as possible. Ted got up and motioned for the young men to follow him. They went over to the two tables, that very much reminded the men of the table Kings and Chief Marchbanks sat at the previous day, that each had at least eight piles of folders that were a little more than half a meter tall each. "The left table is the Potter holdings, the right the Longbottom holdings." Ted began. Pointing to three piles on each table, he continued. "Each of these piles has all the information you need about all the property you own." "Huh? I own property?" Harry asked at the same time Nev asked, "I own more than Longbottom Estates." "Yes and yes. Each one of you own several properties all over the world. I want you to go through each file and put a report together for me about the property. I want to know where it is, what it's used for, how long you've owned it, is it currently making money, how much it is worth and what you think of the place. The Potters own I think 20 properties and the Longbottom's own 25, I think. If you have any questions, please ask Trainee Swordback or myself." Ted smiled at the dumbfounded looks on their faces. Since both boys were sitting on chairs behind the tables, he stood in between them where the tables met. He pulled himself to sit on the tables to look at the kids. He said softly, "Look, you need to know what you own so you can make financially sound decisions when the time comes. Just take it one folder at a time and you'll get through it quickly. It's not as bad as it seems." He could see the looks of determination come across these young men's faces and knew that they'd be fine. He decided to leave them then. "Nev, we've fought in a war, watched people we love be tortured. This should be easy." Harry slapped Neville's shoulder as he took his first file. An hour later, both young men were still working but had only gotten through two properties each. Harry took the next file and saw that it was a winery in Tuscany Italy. "Bloody hell." He breathed. "What is it, Harry?" Nev looked at Harry. "My parents had a villa in Tuscany. Why didn't they go there when Voldemort wanted them?" Nev gave that some thought. "I don't know. Ask Sirius. He should know." That was the only exchange they had all morning. At about 11.45, Ted suggested, "Why don't you boys go get lunch and you can continue this at one, yeah?" "That sounds great. Nev, you want to get the twins and go to the leaky?" Harry stood up and stretched. "Sounds good." They said goodbye to Ted and Trainee Swordback and left. They walked over to WWW, which was still under repair and restocking, and invited the twins to lunch. HP At the Madhouse earlier that morning, Hermione and Luna had etched in a Rune set Luna thought might protect the battery specifically. Around ten o'clock they decided to check how long it took for the phone to go out in Diagon Alley. Therefore, they went to Flourish and Blott's to get the reference material they wanted. They stayed in Diagon until almost noon. When the phone had not fritzed out on them, Hermione decided to try calling her Grandmum before they left. She dialed the number and her Grandmum answered. "Hello?" "Hi Grandmum. It's Hermione, how are you?" "Hello my dear. I'm fine. Granddad and I haven't seen you in almost a year. How're you?" "I'm great. Right now,`b n I'm in Diagon Alley on the phone." She grinned. "We might get cut off any minute." "I thought phones didn't work in your world." "Well, I'm trying to change that. This is an experiment." "Oh that's wonderful dear. I h-" and the phone went staticky. "How long was that Luna?" "Two minutes." "But it remained on for 2 hours." Hermione said, satisfied. They apparated home. HP That night the Grangers came over for dinner and spent most of the evening talking about what everyone did that day. They were in the drawing room talking about the property the Potters own when Harry asked "Why did my parents go to Godric's Hollow if Potter Manor has so many wards? Couldn't they have stayed there?" "They could have but Dumbledore didn't think the Fidelus could be put on top of all of those ancient wards and keep them intact. He was pushing for James to use that charm. I thought he was nuts but we trusted the bastard." Anyone could see Sirius was upset so Harry went to give him a hug. "Their deaths weren't your fault Padfoot. It was Pettigrew's and Voldemort's. And maybe Dumbledore's." "I know. I just wish we'd relied on those wards before the Fidelus. You don't need a secret keeper for those wards because you have to be of Potter blood or be brought in by a Potter." "So what sort of other properties do you own?" Dan asked, trying to change the topic. "We own some vacant lots, a few abandoned buildings, a flat in San Francisco, a townhome in London, a ski lodge in the Alps, and a villa in Tuscany. It turns out the Longbottoms and Potters own two vacant pieces of land next to each other." He informed everyone. "That's interesting. I wonder if Frank and James bought them together." Sirius asked thoughtfully. "I think so, they were both bought in 1980 and they're both fairly large pieces of land." "So how'd your experiment go today pumpkin? I got a call from Mum this afternoon." Emma inquired. "Great. I think we're almost done. Luna and I think we'll have a usable prototype soon." "How?" asked Dora. "We were working on Runes this afternoon to make it last longer in an area like Diagon. It lasted for two hours without use and two minutes on the phone." She replied proudly. HP The rest of the week was very similar to Tuesday. Harry and Neville went to Gringotts every day. After looking through their properties, Ted started on what money they had and where and why it was invested there. They also talked about putting more money into muggle companies like British Airways, Barclay's, and Tesco's along with Walt Disney, Panasonic and Ford. In fact, with Ted's help, they both decided to get out of some shady Wizarding businesses and buy stocks in the muggle world by Friday.
Disclaimer: If I owned Harry Potter I'd be living in London doing research about the War of The Roses. In case you were wondering, I don't own Harry Potter. A/N Any advice you have is greatly appreciated, as long as it's constructive! Have a blessed week. This is a lot longer than usual. Ch. 8 Friday 29 May 1998 By Friday afternoon, Nev and Harry were both knackered. However, both were looking forward to the weekend. Ted let them go at around three that day. As they headed out, Harry asked, "Do you want to go to Fortescue's for an ice cream, mate?" Nev immediately perked up, "Sounds good. We deserve it after this week." He started to cross the alley to the newly reopened Ice Cream Parlour. "Looks like they just reopened." Harry murmured as they walked in. "Hello Mr. Potter, Mr. Longbottom. How can I help you today?" The man, only a few years older that themselves, asked. "Well, are you related to Mr. Fortescue?" Harry asked, remembering all the help he got from the old man before his third year. He knew the old man died but he was unsure who this was. "Yes. I'm his great-nephew. I decided to reopen. He would've wanted that." "Yes he would. He helped me so much with my summer homework before third year." Harry reminisced. "Believe me, I know. He talked about you for months after that. My name is Florean as well." He smiled at the boys. "What do you need?" He asked again. They ordered their two scoop ice cream sundaes and went to sit outside. When they took a seat, both young men sighed. "Harry, I tell you, this is why I put my Gran off for so long about learning all this." Nev said as he laid his head on the back of his chair. "I don't blame you. This is horrible. Every night my dreams include just this long list of numbers or names. I'm literally waking in a cold sweat from all this. Why can't we just be kids?" Harry ended up whining. Neville just laughed. "Sorry mate. Our childhood was spent cleaning up the war our elders didn't finish last time. Now we have to clean up their bloody political mess as well. Cause we're the only people stubborn enough to make the changes needed." Harry and he burst out laughing. "Yeah. We're pretty stubborn." Harry agreed as their sundaes were delivered. There was no more real talking until they were almost finished. "So Nev. You want to come home for pizza tonight? I'm sure Luna will be there hard at work with Mione. We could watch a movie tonight." "Sounds like fun." They apparated home from Diagon Alley and were nearly knocked over by their girlfriends. "Oooomph." Harry grunted as Hermione knocked the wind out of him. "We are so close Harry. It's amazing. We can have an hour-long conversation now on the phones. Our next step is to give it to Fred or George and have them use it to call us next week while it's in Diagon Alley constantly. We need to have them over this weekend to talk with them about this." She took a deep breath as she finished her rambling. Harry just laughed as he looked over to see his best mate in the same predicament. Although, he was pretty sure Luna was talking faster than Mione. "Hey, everyone." Dora laughed at both boys on the floor. "You know, you are allowed to get up off the floor" "We would if we weren't being strangled." Nev tried to reply. Just then both girls let their boys go and they all stood up. "Where's my godson?" Harry asked suspiciously. He was always awake when Harry came home. "Asleep. Don't you go up there. I just got him down." Dora answered severely. "Fine. Fine." Harry pouted as he went upstairs to the game room. He always looked forward to seeing Teddy and unwinding with him. When everyone got there, Harry racked the balls for a game of pool. Nev summoned butterbeers as Dobby popped in with some snacks. "Thanks Dobby. We were thinking of ordering pizza tonight or do you want to try baking it?" Harry asked. "Oh, Dobby already mades dough so we can make pizza of our own tonight if yous wants. Is went with Missy Luna to the pizza place and learned how." Dobby smiled as he bounced in place. "Sounds like fun." Nev took the first shot. "Okay. We'll do that when Pads gets home." Harry groaned as Nev sunk the first shot. "Do you know if we have pineapple Dobby?" "Yes Her-mine-ee. We haves it all sliced up." Dobby smiled. "Good to know. Thanks Dobby." She smiled at the elf as he popped out. They played a few games of pool, watched the news and just generally acted like the teens they were until Sirius came home around 6. "Why are you home early Sirius?" Harry was concerned. "Because there was a break and nothing was getting decided, so I came home. The trials will be done in two weeks. Then you boys are going to have to spend some time in our sessions." He sat down and sighed. "Your Gran Nev is a bloody dynamo in session. She just steamrolls over any objections and makes you think it's your idea. If I hadn't grown up with Frankie I never would have noticed it." "What?" Nev asked. "How manipulative she is. I noticed early on how Frankie could get whatever he wanted from anyone. I learned to study how he did it and your Gran does the same damn thing." He chuckled. "I swear the only person he never managed to do that to was your mum. He couldn't string two words together with her around our first year. Then when they started dating, she somehow knew when he was trying to do it to her and she'd hex him." Nev and Harry laughed at that idea. "Could Dad talk to Mum her first year?" Harry asked. "Oh yeah. He could talk to her from day one. Couldn't stop being a prat around her though. He'd try to show off and she'd give him this look I've seen you use." He took a swig of his beer. "What look?" "The one where you're beyond pissed but you don't want to let anyone know." "Oh I hate that one." Hermione piped up. "All the boys in our dorm knew to stay away when he had that look." Nev added laughing. Harry heard Teddy in his room. "Well, since you all seem to be laughing at me, I'll go get someone who likes me!" He fake pouted as he walked down the stairs. "I love him but he can definitely be a prat sometimes." Hermione sighed. "All men are prats, just in different ways." Luna agreed as they all went down to the kitchen to make pizzas. HP After making pizza, everyone went up to watch Star Wars: A New Hope on the VHS player. While both Luna and Neville were getting used to the technology in the muggle world because they were spending so much time with Harry and Hermione, Star Wars amazed them. "I love that little droid, what's his name?" Luna asked "R2? The little white one?" Harry made sure as she nodded. "Yeah. That's R2-D2." "How do they make the films? Muggles don't actually have machines like that do they?" Nev asked. "Not those exactly but humans have walked on the moon." Hermione offered. At the thunderstruck looks on the purebloods' faces, Harry and Hermione turned to the adults asking for help. "Don't worry." Dora laughed. "I know all about that. My mum may come from the same blood-purist stock as Sirius here but my dad is muggleborn and exposed me to everything muggle." "I knew that because my best friend was married to a muggleborn—and she was bloody smart." Sirius grinned. "We really need to change some of the core classes at Hogwarts." Hermione mumbled as she bit her lip. "Oh no." Harry looked at Nev with fear on his face. He stage whispered to Nev. "This is when she'd run to the library at school and we wouldn't see her until she was done—which may be two days later." Everyone but Hermione burst into uproarious laughter. She looked up from her musings, stood up in front of the three men on the couch with her hands on her hips and looked at them crossly. "If it wasn't for my trips, you and you." She pointed to Sirius and Harry. "would each be dead at least once. If I hadn't taken an interest in all my classes, I wouldn't have had the time turner to save you, Sirius Orion Black. And If I hadn't loved research you, Harry James Potter, would have died several times over. So don't get all high and mighty, as though my curiosity is a problem when it's benefited both of you!" Harry stood up and took his love in his arms. "Mione we're just teasing. I love that you're so inquisitive—it's what makes you, you. And I love you just the way you are." He could feel her relax into his arms at that moment. "What do you mean, we need to change some core classes?" Luna interrupted. "Anyone magical, no matter what their bloodlines, should know about the mundane world. There are so many more mundanes than magicals that we need to learn how they live—even if it's only so we don't blow the Statute of Secrecy." Hermione theorised. "There should be an overhaul to the Muggles Studies class. They should teach about modern muggle inventions such as the VCR and telly along with how to deal in the muggle world with money and transportation and such." "That would be so helpful to all of us non-Mundanes" Luna said enthusiastically. "Then we could have a Wizarding class about how the Wizarding government works and the etiquette we purebloods grow up with that you first-generations don't. That could help you out." Nev threw out. "Mum would be good at teaching that class because she's lived on both sides of the divide." Dora contributed. Sirius was smiling at the interplay between everyone. He just sat back and let the ideas flow. However, he did take up a notebook and pen, which had become more prevalent in the house than parchment and ink wells, and started writing some of these ideas down. "You know, since we're talking about an overhaul of Muggle Studies why not overhaul history, so we can include mundane history as well." Harry added. "Why not include more muggle classes like English and Maths. At least lower maths before Arithmancy. I used to love Maths class. Learning Physics and Biology would be better than Divination." Hermione suggested. "That way if first-generation witches want to continue their study in the mundane world, they can." Sirius was on to his third page of notes by now. "These are great ideas kids but you won't get anything done until you talk to Minnie." He grinned at how they blanched—as though just realising he was in the room. "Are you suggesting we go to Headmistress McGonagall with these ideas?" Luna clarified. "Yes. These are good ideas. If we can teach more about non-magicals, we can prevent the kind of bigotry we all have faced growing up." Sirius said. "I think you guys could put together a proposal that would get Minnie interested. What do you think?" The three teens looked at each other but eventually all looked at Hermione. "What are you looking at me for?" she demanded. Sirius and Dora started chuckling when Harry took his girlfriend into his lap. "We can give ideas and help talk to McGonagall but you're the best at this kind of report writing. Can you do it? Please, love?" He kissed her lips. "Fine but we're going to need more ideas than this. Do we want to include ideas about how to change Transfiguration, Charms and Potions?" "They've already hired a new Potions instructor because Slughorn doesn't want to stay." Sirius informed them. "Who is it?" Nev asked. "Don't know." "Okay. What else?" Hermione asked. They stayed up so late that Nev and Luna stayed the night in two of the free bedrooms. Saturday 30 May 1998 The next morning, Hermione woke up to Harry and Teddy asleep in bed with her. When she turned onto her side, she saw Harry laying on his back with Teddy laying on his stomach and Harry's arms wrapped firmly around him. She smiled as she thought of little boys with beautiful green eyes and bushy brown hair. They would have such cute babies together but she didn't want to jinx her new relationship by bringing things like that up. She'd always considered herself to be a woman focused on her school or career goals. She'd never really thought of having her own children. Sure when she thought she was in love with Ron, she'd thought in an abstract way that she might have one child but no more. But lately she'd been thinking of how wonderful it would be to have Harry's children. These were no abstract thoughts either. She's been having dreams that she would be pregnant by the end of this school year. On several occasions she had dreamt about giving birth at Hogwarts with Madam Pomfrey. While the idea of having Harry's child had grown on her the last month, she –at least consciously—didn't want to even think of when. Thinking about it now, maybe she should get some birth control potions because she DID NOT want to get pregnant before she even got engaged. Even though her dad liked Harry, she didn't think he'd approve of that. "What has you thinking so hard, love?" Harry asked. She came back to the present as she focused on his words. "Nothing. Just thinking I need to go to the apothecary to get birth control potion soon." She smiled at the hopeful look on his face and chuckled softly, Teddy hadn't woken up yet so they were speaking in whispers. "It's going to happen soon love. I want to be ready when it does, so sue me." She attempted to get up when he beckoned for her to come closer. "I love you Mione. I don't want to push you but I'm glad you're thinking ahead." His eyes were so earnest, she had trouble looking away. "I'm just glad we're talking about it. I've heard horror stories at school about people not feeling comfortable about how fast a boy wants to go and I've always been a little nervous about my first time." She took his head in her hands. "I'm so glad my first time will be with you Harry." "And I with you love." They pulled apart as Teddy wiggled as he woke up on his Godfather's chest and the moment was broken. Hermione got up and looked at the clock. "It's nearly nine. Want to deal with Teddy while I shower?" She asked. "Yeah." He answered as they got up. "Why are you and Ted in bed so late? You usually get up with him at six." "Well, we all got to bed so late that I brought little man to rest with me after getting him fed and we both fell asleep." He gave her his lopsided grin. A little while later, Hermione took Ted down to the kitchen and saw Nev and Luna drinking tea. As she sat down, Dobby brought her tea. "Thanks Dobby." "You're welcome Her-mine-ee." He squeaked as he went to cook. "So how'd you sleep last night?" She asked her friends. "Wonderfully." Luna answered. "And this morning we had our own set of clothes on our nightstands. I think Dobby did that." Hermione turned to Dobby. "Did you get Nev and Luna's clothes for them Dobby?" "Yes Her-mine-ee. Did Dobby do wrong?" He asked a little fearfully as he wrung his hands. "No Dobby. Thank you for taking care of everyone. You did brilliantly." She smiled at the little guy and he smiled back and went back to work. Turning to her friends, she said. "You know, you could keep some things here so you can stay the night if you want." "We wouldn't want to put you out." Luna answered. "You wouldn't be. There's more than enough bedrooms." Harry interrupted as he came in with Sirius and Dora. "That's why we bought such a big place." Sirius informed them. "Besides, I like the noise." "Okay. That'd be great." Nev replied. "We could go home this afternoon and pick up some things to keep here." "Luna, I need to go to Diagon today. Want to come?" Hermione asked as talk turned to more about what they were doing this weekend. "Can we watch the next Star Wars movie tonight?" Nev asked eagerly. Harry and Hermione laughed. "Of course." Harry answered. HP Hermione and Luna went to Diagon to get the potions Hermione wanted. They also spent some time, and more than a little money, at the bookstore. Coming out Luna laughed. "We should never be allowed into a bookstore without supervision. You and I are too interested in too many things." Hermione laughed as well. "Yeah. I think we finally purchased ten books each, yeah?" "It might be more. You know the boys are going to tease us." Luna warned as she laughed. "Yeah but I like my books so they can tease all they want." She said mock-petulantly. Luna just laughed as they apparated to her house and packed a few things and talked to Xeno a bit. They got home just as lunch was being served. Dan and Emma were there talking to Sirius, Harry and Dora. Emma was playing with Teddy in the bouncer. The rest of the day was spent with Dan teaching Harry, Nev and Sirius how to play football. Sirius magicked goals on the green of the Quidditch pitch. The women, meanwhile, were up in the library organising the new books. Then they took some books out in the sun and sat on the terrace as they listened to the men play and rough house for a good part of the afternoon. Hermione also sent Hedwig out with invitations to the Weasleys, minus Ron, Lady Longbottom, Andi Tonks and Xeno to come for the afternoon tomorrow to play and eat. "I'm thinking with how busy we all are during the week that maybe we have a family get together on Sundays, at least this summer." Hermione offered. "I think that is a great idea." Emma answered. "It means your father and I get at least one afternoon with you a week." "I think it's a very good idea." Luna contributed. "You, Harry, Nevvie and I see each other almost every day. However, we're all working on our own projects. Yet we never see anyone outside our little quartet during the week. Nevvie even tells me that the boys have stopped inviting the twins to lunch because they feel they need to get back to Gringotts quickly. I think it will help us recharge on the weekends too." "That's sort of what I was thinking too." Hermione acknowledged. Sunday 31 May 1998 The next morning, Hermione and Luna decided to spend some time carving runes into two new phones. They were going to give them to their boys because they knew the boys would be separated at Gringotts this week. They were going into their vaults to inspect and catalog every item they have. Luna thought it might be a good test to see if the phones work for long periods and underground. Meanwhile, Harry took Teddy to watch he and Nev play pool because Dora had nixed the idea of taking him swimming until he was eight weeks. As Harry was racking the second game, Nev asked, "Why do you spend so much time with Teddy? I think it's brilliant that you do, but why don't you let more people help Dora?" "I guess because I didn't have Sirius in my life and want to make sure Teddy knows that he can rely on me." Harry thought about it. "I guess, I also know what it's like to not have parents and I want to let him know at least he has me." "Makes sense. We got a raw deal—all three of us—and you want to see it not affect him as much as it did us." Nev theorised. "Exactly. You know, you will be a presence in his life too." Harry replied. "Of course mate. I love him too." Nev picked Teddy up off the floor and cuddled him while Harry shot. HP That afternoon, everyone showed up with swimming trunks and Quidditch on the brain. The twins were the first to show up in lurid, neon green robes. "Hey there Hermione." Fred began. "How you doing?" George finished. "Hi guys. Everyone's out on the terrace." She directed as Bill and Fleur came through as they waited on more arrivals. These greetings were apparently expected if you were the Lady of the house and Sirius had declared since they were dating Lords, that made Luna and her Ladies! When everyone was on the terrace, she heard Harry suggesting Quidditch, then a swim, then dinner. Needless to say, everyone was enthused with that. Again, Nev and Hermione didn't play but stayed in the stands and watched while the less Quidditch mad adults sat on the patio outside the pavilion and talked. A little while later, Dan suggested Sirius, Arthur, Xeno and he go kick the football around. "Dan, do you think these wizards will be able to play football?" Sirius asked teasingly. "I'm up for trying something new." Xeno replied as he took off his robe to reveal more muggle clothes underneath. "Wow Xeno." Sirius whistled. "You're wearing jeans and a tee shirt. Most wizards have a hard time dressing like muggles." Xeno looked a little sheepish. "Luna brought them for me from one of her trips into muggle London with Hermione." "Always good to have a woman do your shopping." Emma piped up to everyone's amusement. "Heaven knows what Dan would choose if I didn't pick it out." "Hey! I'm not that bad." Dan objected. "Yes dear." Emma agreed placatingly, which made everyone laugh. "It's the same in the wizarding world." Augusta added. "Gerald was the same way. So was Frank. Alice bought all his clothes." "Yeah." Sirius grinned. "I remember Lily and she would go out and buy Frankie and James both their wizarding and muggle clothes. I used to tease them about it." "I do a good job of dressing myself." Arthur said proudly before Molly snorted. "Yes dear." "How did this become beat on the men day?" Dan asked as he got up. "Come on guys." He waved at them to follow him to the pitch and started explaining football. Soon the men were laughing as they fell down trying to kick the ball. The women just sat talking about their kids. "I can't believe how much Neville has changed this last year." Augusta said. "I think everyone's changed. Some, like Neville and Harry, for the better. Some, like Ronald, not." Molly replied. "How is he doing?" Dora asked. "He seems to stay in his room a lot. He seems mad at the world. I'm not sure that he's going to go back to Hogwarts come fall." Molly paused. "And I'm not sure that I can do my usual of demanding he go back." "From what Hermione tells me, it seems that Ronald may need to experience a little hardship to see himself straight." Emma suggested, not really knowing what to say but wanting to help. "Maybe you should have him work with the twins for the summer and see if he wants to go back to get his NEWTS after a few months of that." Molly became thoughtful for a few minutes. "I think I'll talk to Arthur about that." At that moment they heard Teddy whimpering through Dora's wand. A second later Dobby popped in. "Does Mistress Dora want me to gets little Master Teddy?" "Yes please Dobby. Could you bring him out here for me?" "Yes Mistress." "House elves are a gift straight from Merlin when it comes to children." Augusta smiled. HP When Harry caught the snitch, the game had gone on for two hours and everyone was sweaty. The men had come in a long time previous and had now been talking politics of both the wizarding and muggle worlds as they headed to the pool. Sooner than Hermione thought possible, they were eating dinner. She and Luna were sitting near the twins on purpose that evening. "Hey George" Hermione began. "Luna and I have been working on a project to bring the telephone to the magical world and we were wondering if you could test it for us. We'll give you a cell phone and you call us every once in a while this week. We don't have to talk, you can dial my number and just put it on the counter and see how long it lasts until it fritzes out." "Okaaaay." George said skeptically. "What exactly do you have in mind?" "Well, we need to see first how long it will last not being used but in a magical environment. So you'd take it home tonight, we'll pick it up tomorrow morning to see if it needs charging. If it does, we'll take it home and charge it and bring it back to you tomorrow. If it lasts all week like that, then next week we'll have you call us and stay on the phone for several hours at a time. We may have more devices for you to test after that." "How much are we getting paid for this?" Fred inquired. At that the girls squealed and slapped hands as they began hugging each other. They began talking price once they calmed down. Monday 1 June 1998 The next day, Harry got up with Teddy and began breakfast. After breakfast, Dora and Teddy were going to her parents' house and Sirius, Harry and Hermione were going to their weekly meeting with Lady Longbottom. Hermione had brought with her a spiral notebook, a sheaf of paper and an expensive fountain pen, along with some cheap biros for Lady Longbottom. "This is a what is called a spiral notebook. It will keep all of your papers in one place. I prefer these to loose paper." Hermione began as she took both the notebook and the papers out of her pack and put them on the coffee table. At this Augusta looked very pleased. "This is a fountain pen. It's a little closer to a quill than most muggles are used to. And these are just ordinary biros." She finished as she put both on top of the paper and got out her own equipment. "Thank you, Hermione. I thought you might have forgotten." She smiled at the teen. Nev was a little concerned by his Gran's reaction. Gran rarely smiled and yet she was smiling a lot lately. Maybe it was time to have a Healer look at her. After all, she was getting old. And she was not acting like the strict Lady Longbottom that he'd grown up with. She never lets anyone call her by her first name. "So what's on the agenda today?" Harry asked. "Allies. I understand that both of you will not take on your seats in Wizengamot until at least next year. Even then, you may decide to leave your seat in the hands of one of us." She pointed to Sirius and herself. "However, it is important that you learn what alliances are, how they manifest themselves in Wizengamot, who you are allied with and who you are most likely to be allied with in the future." She paused. "We also have to discuss who we are going to nominate for the empty seats when all the trials are finished next week." The youngsters then got a crash course in the history of Alliances, going back to before the founding of Hogwarts. "Now, the Potter line goes back before Hogwarts. I know there are volumes in your vault that tell your family history back to the founding of Camelot, as there are for the Longbottoms." Looking at the boys' gobsmacked expressions, she laughed. "Wait a minute, how do you know that?" Hermione inquired. Augusta smiled proudly at Hermione for asking. "Well, my father-in-law George was in the same year as Fleamont Potter, who was Harry's Granddad. They grew up together just like every generation of Potters and Longbottoms do. My Gerald learned both family histories because Monty hadn't had a child yet. We had copies of the Potters family histories in our library until James was born. Then they were returned." She sighed "You see, Monty was afraid if he had no children, the family history would be lost, as is the case with most extinct lines, and he didn't want that. When James was born, Gerald gave them back. As I was saying, because of that fact, we know that both the Potters and Longbottoms go back to the time of Camelot. Now, the Longbottoms and Potters have been Allies since that era. There are also several other old families that can trace their roots back that far. I know the Bones', Beckwith's, Blacks, Churchill's, Montague's, Notts, Peverell, and Sewlyn's can as well. These were all Knights of Camelot. When Camelot fell, these families went into hiding. It was not a safe time to be a witch or wizard. Some, like the Montagues and Sewlyns left Britain altogether for a while. Others, like the Longbottoms and Potters, stayed and tried to live amongst the muggles. However, that didn't work very well, so we went into true hiding. One entire generation of Potter and Longbottom females were killed by muggles in the 900's. It was when the French came in 1066, along with their own magical community, that we came out of hiding. It was at this time that the 10 original families were reunited and started a Ruling Council. While these ten families were the Founding Members, they brought in several cadet branches. This means, for example, that the daughter of a Black married a wizard named Lovegood, so the Lovegood's were brought into the Council. By 1200, there were 25 families and they all sent their children to Hogwarts, just like now, so they all grew up together from age 11 on. Now, you'll notice that the Montague's are not on the Sacred 28, nor do they appear in Wizengamot. This is because the Head of the Montague family tried, unsuccessfully I might add, to kill the Head of House Black. They were banished for several centuries due to this. Traditionally, out of the Founding Members, Bones, Potter and Longbottom have been in an Alliance since that time. If it's not on paper, it is in actuality true. We have also been traditional allies with Ogden and Doge. The six of us are traditionally the core members of our Alliance; although members come and go with the times. For instance, when the Weasleys had a seat, they were our ally. And yes, I found out it was a Cannons game they lost their seat for." She smiled as the three youngsters and Sirius burst out laughing. When everyone had calmed down except Harry, she asked, "May I ask why that is funny?" "Gran, Ron is a diehard Cannons fan. He won't even remotely root for another team." Nev answered. "His room is done in Chudley orange. It looks like someone vomited orange all over." Hermione finished. "Hmmmm." Augusta nodded. "You mean to tell us Augusta that Harry's family goes back to Camelot?" Hermione asked with a sparkle in her eyes as she stopped laughing. "Yes. They fought alongside William I when he was subduing the island and they also fought for the Lancastrians in the War of the Roses." At Hermione's excitement, Augusta looked at Harry. "You really should get those journals. Hermione might want to take a look at them." She loved seeing the kids so excited about family history. "So, who makes up the Longbottom Alliance at this moment Gran?" Nev asked. "Right now it's just Amelia Bones, Charles Abbott and us. I believe we'll at least be able to add the Potters and Blacks' as well. That brings us up to five." "Yes you can." Both Sirius and Harry agreed "Of the current families, I would like to add the Greengrasses and Bulstrodes as they are both at least neutral Houses." "I can see that." Sirius confirmed. "At least we could have a non-aggression agreement with them if they don't want to join our Alliance." "That's what I'm thinking." This discussion lasted until lunchtime. HP At lunch, in the Longbottom's dining room that could seat at least 20, they started discussing who they wanted to fill in the open seats in Wizengamot. "Next week is the last week for trying the Death Eaters. It looks as though all those that have family seats on Wizengamot are going to be stripped of the seat. We need to come up with possible replacements for those seats." Augusta began after lunch was served. "Whom do we want to propose?" she questioned. "I think McGonagall and Weasleys would be good choices." Hermione volunteered. "I think Headmistress McGonagall deserves it for how many years she's already shaped our society by teaching. If she doesn't have the time to make it to all the sessions, she could send her brother Malcolm in her stead and only come for the big votes. And, as much as Ron is a prat, his family is not. I think they deserve their seat back." At this, everyone nodded. After lunch, they returned to the sitting room. "I think Justin should get a seat." Harry said softly. "He's a muggleborn in our year that, while he can be a pompous prick, is generally a decent guy and, like I said, he's a muggle born. I think that it's important to have a few of those." Over the early afternoon, they came up with a list of about 20. Not all would be nominated as there weren't that many seats open, but they wanted enough back up names in case some didn't get elected. HP When the three residents of the Madhouse returned, there was silence. "Something's wrong. It's too quiet, yeah?" Sirius looked to the kids, who nodded as their battle senses came to the fore. Wands out and with their bodies ready for a battle, they went into the kitchen. No one was there. They then split up to search the house. On the second floor, Sirius came upon Dora sleeping in her bed. He went to the nursery, where he found the little man asleep. He went back to the entrance hall "They're in their beds." He grinned as both kids relaxed as their senses went back to normal as they went up to the game room and sat with butterbeers. "It won't be until the end of next week, Harry, after all the trials, that you'll need to start coming to Wizengamot meetings with me in the afternoons. That's why this week is still going to be with Ted—organising and itemising everything in your vault. Then next week, you'll work with Ted in the mornings and come with me in the afternoons." Sirius said. "Sounds boring." Harry muttered. "It is." Sirius snorted. "But it's needed." Eventually, Hermione went to the library for what she called 'a bit of light reading'. Harry snorted and choked on his drink as she left. After he got himself under control, he racked the balls and put a 20 note down on the bumper. Sirius got up and chalked a cue. "Put the money away kid. I've learned not to play you for money." Sirius ruffled his hair. Harry just smirked at him. "So how're things going with Hermione now?" He asked his Godson. "Great. I love her Sirius and I can see spending the rest of my life with her." He replied earnestly. "Really?" "Yeah. Last week when I was going through the properties I own?" Sirius nodded. "All I could think was what part of the property she'd like most. Or how we'd really enjoy wandering around Rome together. How much fun it would be to take our kids on day trips from our houses. I can see a future for us that I can't wait to start." "Merlin, you've got it as bad as your dad did." Sirius smiled at how alike Harry and James were—and how different. HP The rest of that week was very calm for the quartet as a whole but very difficult for the boys. Starting on Tuesday, Hermione and Luna spent part of every morning in Diagon Alley talking to each other on their phones. By Thursday, the phones had not fritzed out on them and they had had several two to three-hour conversations every day. They were ecstatic and were planning on buying a laptop that weekend and starting on converting it to work around magic. The only issue they were having was that they had to bring it home Thursday night and charge it because the battery had run out. They needed a way to make the battery use the magic around it to recharge it. Friday 5 June 1998 They were in Flourish and Blott's researching possible protection charms on Friday morning. Hermione was looking out the side window when she saw Harry walk very quickly toward the tea shop next to Fortescue's with a very sad look on his face. She ran over to Luna, who was sitting in a chair with a Charms book. "Luna, I just saw Harry walk into the tea shop a minute ago. I'm going to see how he's doing." Luna looked up. "Good. I'm sure he needs you." Hermione didn't know how to answer that so she just smiled and left. When she walked into the Tea Shop, she saw her love sitting in the back with tea and a journal. She sauntered up to him. "Funny seeing you here stranger." She smiled as she startled him out of his reading. He smiled slowly and put down the journal. "What are you reading love?" "Nothing much. What're you doing here?" He asked. "We were at the bookstore and I saw you walk in here very sadly." She gave him her best 'tell-me-now' look. He sighed and gave her the journal. It was red and gold and said L.M. Evans Year Three on the front cover. It was clearly his mum's journal. She took his hand and squeezed it as he looked down at their entwined hands. "Do you have all of them?" she asked, assuming he had more than this one. "Yeah. There's one for every year from first year at Hogwarts to her death." He said quietly. "How are you doing? Reading this has got to be hard for you." "Yeah. But it's nice, you know. I get to know them—finally. That makes me happy but it also makes me sad because they aren't here." He sighed as he looked up from their hands. "Do you understand? Does that make sense?" "Yes it does. You're glad you get to know them but at the same time mourn that you didn't get to know them personally. Am I close?" She asked as she hugged him close. "Exactly." "Is that the first one you've read?" "Yeah. I probably should read them chronologically but this one is funny." He smiled. "When mum wouldn't go to Hogsmeade with Dad on their first trip, Dad charmed them together and wouldn't undo it." He laughed. "Mum found McGonagall in the village and had her undo it. He got detention for a week. Mum didn't think that was enough." He looked up at Hermione and noticed the look of vengeance on her face. "What?" He asked fearfully. "Did your mum get him back?" "I don't know yet." "I hope she found some creative way of getting him back. I'll ask Sirius tonight. You might want to bring those home to read." She smiled as she noticed he was feeling better. She was about to get up when the door banged open and Luna rushed in like a blur. "I found it Hermione. I found the Charm or the basis for a charm to recharge the battery. It's so simple. I don't know why we didn't think of it." She took a deep breath as she ran out of breath. "Come on!" she started to pull at Hermione. "Hold up Luna." Harry interrupted as he pulled Luna to sit down. "Calm down before you explode so you can explain." She finally sat down and closed her eyes as Harry and Hermione exchanged glances. When they looked back at their blond friend, her eyes were open and she was much calmer. "What?" She asked. "You said calm down, that's how I do it." "Super." Harry stood. "I have things at Gringotts I have to do." He bent and gave Hermione a kiss. "Thanks for letting me vent, love." Then he left and the girls got up to leave as well. They decided to go to the Rookery to test the variation of the new charm out on a phone because they didn't want to blow up the house and could shield the land around the Rookery more easily. Hermione did the protection spells while Luna made the changes to the Charm. They cast it. "Well, it didn't go boom." Hermione laughed as she took down the wards. Luna took the phone. "It's charging." She reported happily. They took it back to WWW to recharge. The twins would bring it Sunday. HP That evening, they decided to watch Empire Strikes Back because they had not watched it the previous weekend. After the movie, they began talking about things the boys had found in their vaults. "I found some really amazing books that I brought home to add to our library." Harry said. He looked at Hermione. "I went through the vault and found hundreds of books that I thought you'd like. There's even a copy of your favorite book that was printed in the 1500's." Her jaw dropped and stayed there for several seconds. "I think you broke her." Dora laughed as Hermione got herself together. "Where are these books?" Hermione asked with that innocent expression that he knew not to trust. "They'll be delivered tomorrow." Harry laughed as the innocent look became murderous. "Are you telling me that you told me about this but didn't bring them home?" "Yes. I knew that if I brought them home, I'd lose you tonight. So I asked Swordback to send them tomorrow." He could see her giving his statement serious thought as he waited for her response. "Well, I guess I can see that." She nodded her head. Dora chuckled as she handed the bottle and baby to the Godfather. "Glad you're not going to blow the house up." "Come here little man." Harry cooed to the baby. "So, what did you find Nev?" Hermione asked. "It amazed me how much furniture was in the vault. There was some really nice bedroom furniture that I want to use in my own space one day." "You can move it in here if you want." Sirius offered. "You've started spending nearly every weekend here along with some week nights. You should have furniture that you like" Sirius sighed at the looks of disbelief on the kids' faces. "Even if you weren't Frankie's son, you're Harry's best mate. You deserve a place here. And you know I like the noise. Much better than the solitude of Azkaban or the screeching of my mum's painting." He smiled. "If it were up to me, every bedroom would be filled on the entire estate." "Thanks Sirius." Nev smiled. "I'll do that. There was also a painting of my mum and dad that I sat and talked to yesterday." "That's great. They talked about doing that but I wasn't sure whether it happened. You can bring that here too if you want." "Maybe. I just like knowing I can talk to them now." "So, have you guys given any more thought to what has to change at Hogwarts?" Dora asked. Hermione popped up and ran down the stairs. Everyone looked at Harry. "Don't worry. She'll be back with her notebook in a minute." He grinned as he summoned a Coke. "You know, I really like living part-muggle, part-magical. I just hope we can bring phones and computers to Hogwarts this year." "You will. Phones definitely, computers we'll start on this week. The battery charms should be the same. I'm hoping to streamline the runes for getting it to initially work around magic." Luna confirmed as Hermione came back and cuddled to Harry on the beanbag chair. Harry noticed the notebook in her hands and grinned at everybody. "Told you." He stuck his tongue out. "I took the ideas we had last week and put them into two major categories. They are: possible new classes, and changes to the current classes. I'm also thinking we should add some sort of muggle sports so Quidditch isn't the only sport they have." "Maybe we could also revamp the points system so it's more fair and evenly applied throughout the school." Nev suggested. "I know Snape's not there anymore but who's to say the new teachers will be any better." "Good point." Harry contributed. "Maybe we should ask for organised sports to be mandatory?" Luna submitted. "Is there anywhere on the grounds to put a pool and training center of some kind?" Hermione asked as she saw her love's eyes light up. "Harry?" "The Chamber. We could clean the dead basilisk out and turn that into a workout space." He grinned. "Are you telling me that the basilisk is still down there?" Dora squeaked. "Yeah. Why?" Harry looked at her confused. "Harry, if you killed it, it's yours. You could sell it and get the money from it. Assuming it is still viable." Sirius explained. "Could we put that money towards paying for these improvements?" The raven-haired teen asked. "Yeah. But you could keep it too." "I don't need it Sirius. I've more than enough gold for my heirs three generations down the line not to have to work to keep themselves comfortable. Hogwarts needs it if we request these changes." He was nearly attacked with kisses and squeals by his beautiful girlfriend. Which, of course, he took great enjoyment in receiving. "You are amazing, my love." Hermione whispered into his ear as they came back to earth. He just looked dazed as the others laughed. "We'll go to Gringotts tomorrow to see if they can render the snake and sell it." Sirius informed the group. "We need to go to a computer store tomorrow to buy one or two laptops." Luna reminded them. "I have a Gringotts card for you Hermione." Sirius got up to get into his jeans back pocket. "I gave one to Harry and I got one for you." He handed a card to her. She frowned as she took it. "Why?" "Because I know you and Luna are going to be buying a lot of electronics this summer. This is my opportunity to invest in something I think is important." He replied as she got up slowly, then pounced on him. "Thank you, Sirius. Thankyouthankyouthankyou" She nearly bowled him over as she jumped into his arms, wrapping her legs around him. "This means I don't have to spend my savings. I have enough. I was just hoping to save that money for a house someday." He just laughed as she got on her feet again. "You need to save your money. This is my contribution. Although I want a phone so I can talk to you all when you get up to Scotland. That's my price." He grinned. "Of course." She grinned right back. They actually look like niece and uncle, Dora thought as she watched Hermione and Sirius interact. Looking at her baby and Harry she thought sadly, and they look like they could be father and son. Why can't his actual father be here. Gods I miss Remus. I miss his strength, his kind heart and his love of everyone around him. Gods I miss him. She was thinking these things as everyone else was talking and joking around her. When she came back to the present, Hermione was asking Sirius and Harry, "So when are you lot going to Gringotts tomorrow?" "Right after breakfast." Sirius responded. "And, yes Nev, you're coming with us. You need to know these things too." Nev opened his mouth, then decided better. "Fine. You'll just tell Gran Sunday if I didn't go to learn how this is done. And I'd never hear the end of it." "Come on." Harry intervened. "Your Gran isn't bad. At least you've always known she loves you. Besides that, she's just a neat person." "You like her so much, you can have her. I'll trade you Sirius for Gran any day." Both boys laughed. "No. I like Pads. But I'll take your Gran if you don't want her." Harry replied. "You're barmy, mate."
Ch. 9 Saturday 6 June 1998 The next morning, Harry woke up to what he had begun thinking of as his "Teddy Alarm". It was six o'clock and Teddy had woken and started cooing. As he began to get up and wandered into Sirius' room, he wondered when Teddy would start sleeping through the night. If he was fed between 10 and 11 at night, he usually stayed down until 3 but then he'd wake up at 6. "Come on, little man." He said as he picked Ted up and started towards his room. "We'll get you changed then go make breakfast." He whispered to the baby as he changed the nappy. After getting him dressed, they went downstairs. "I'm going to really like it when you can walk." Harry muttered as he put Ted in the bouncer. He noticed that Ted was starting to wave his hands and start tracking them. "You're getting to be such a big boy. Why don't you try and sleep all night now? It'd give your mum and Uncle Padfoot a break." He continued talking to Teddy about everything under the sun as he got breakfast ready. At 7.30, the Grangers floo'd over for breakfast, like every Saturday. When everyone was at the breakfast table, Hermione said, "Since you boys are going to Gringotts today, Luna and I, along with Mum and Dora if you want to come, are going to find computers and tellies to work with." "Okay. We're expected at Gringotts in half an hour." Sirius said. "Do you need a portkey?" "Sounds great." Hermione replied as Sirius made one. "Remind me to teach you the spell tonight." Sirius said as he handed it over. The men left as Hermione asked Dora and Emma, "Do you guys want to come with us?" "Sure." Dora said as she got up. "Let me get more clothes for Teddy, then we can leave." The other three heard her trip up the stairs as she went. "So, how'd your week go mum?" Hermione asked. "Well. We still don't have as many patients as we used to but that will change gradually. To tell the truth, it's quite boring at home now. Although we do go out to dinner more." She smiled. "It's taking some time to adjust to." "Well, I'm glad you're adjusting and you can come here for dinner during the week, you know." Hermione replied. Dora came back and they left for their shopping. HP Meanwhile, the men were on their way to Gringotts. They had decided to floo directly to the bank because it was Saturday and they knew Diagon would be a madhouse and they didn't want to have to deal with the commotion being Harry Potter caused. They walked in and asked to talk to the Head of Acquisition and Trade. Soon, a young-looking Goblin came to get them. He led them through the twists and turns of the back offices until they reached Master Sharptooth's office. "Master Sharptooth, Lord Black is here to see you." The escort said as Sirius, Neville and Harry came in. "Hello Master Sharptooth." The three said in unison. "Hello." He replied as the young one left and he waved them to the seats in front of the desk. "What may I help you with?" "Well. My Godson here." Sirius said as he put a hand on Harry's shoulder. "has killed a basilisk. Granted it was five years ago and in the bowels of Hogwarts' Chamber of Secrets but we believe it's still there." He took a deep breath. "We were wondering if there was a way to render and sell it." Sharptooth got a greedy look in his eye. "You say you killed it young man?" Harry nodded. "Then it is yours to do with as you please. We can send a team in tomorrow to take care of it. Can you get approval from the Headmistress?" "Yes. I can do that this evening." Sirius then paused. "Do you have a floo? I can firecall her now if you want." "Of course, you may use that fireplace." He said pointing to the one in his office. Sirius went over while Sharptooth asked, "Will there be any tricks to get in?" "Yes. I'll have to open it, it opens with Parseltongue." "I see." He said as he looked at his parchment. "I see Teams A and B are free tomorrow. Can you meet us there at 8 a.m.?" "Sure." Harry agreed as Sirius sat down again. "She says she'll have Hagrid meet us at 8 at the gate." He looked back at Sharptooth and put on his Wizengamot face "So Sharptooth, how much is this going to cost?" He asked calmly. And they bartered for the next 2 hours deciding who got how much. HP The women got home by 11.30 that morning with five laptops and five tellies. They had taken them from the mall towards a secluded alley where Dora shrunk them and fit them into Emma's purse. They then portkeyed home. "Where do you want these?" Emma asked as Dora took Ted upstairs. "Luna, do you think the cellar will do?" Hermione asked. "Yeah. I don't think anything will get fried down there." She responded as they walked down to the cellar through the kitchen. It was there that the electronics were taken out of Emma's bag and resized. They extricated two computers and headed upstairs with looks on both their faces that said they were already working on the problem. In some ways these two are more like sisters than friends, Emma thought. I'm so glad Hermione has people that love her for who she is. But like most sisters, they're alike in some ways but not others. Emma thought about Luna's interest in strange animals which Hermione would have to see to believe in. When she got upstairs, she heard the floochime and went to see who it was. She smiled when she saw Sirius, Harry and Neville coming home. "Hi boys." She greeted them. "So, how'd your appointment go Sirius?" Emma asked at the lunch table a few minutes later. "Well. I had to negotiate with them to bring down their cut of the profits but it worked." Neville nearly spewed his juice out. "Is that what you call negotiate, Sirius?" "Yes." He replied looking as though he had done nothing wrong. "Emma, at one point, when he'd gotten them down to only taking 25% as a fee, and they didn't look like they were going to come down more, he turned into Padfoot and started growling and stalking around the room-like Sharptooth was pray. They came down to 15%." Neville informed her. "Was it really that scary?" she asked because she couldn't imagine a mad Padfoot. Sirius changed to Padfoot, walked up to her, whined as he put his head on her lap. "Oh, you are so cute in this form Sirius." She began to pet him. Then he started growling, pulled his head off her lap and started barking and showing his teeth as he stalked the room. It was such a complete shock as his face turned menacing that she whispered, "What the he-!" at that point he turned back into happy Padfoot and put his head down on her lap. Then he moved away and became human. "That's how Emma." Sirius said proudly. "I have to say, if I didn't know you, I'd be scared too." "Bloody hell Sirius! That's frightening." Dora actually looked scared. "I assume your shopping went well?" Harry asked trying to change the subject. "Yes. They bought several different brands of both tellies and computers. Teddy had a blast." Dora opined. "Did he stay up all morning?" "No. He took a small nap around 9 and he's down now. Why?" "Just wanting to figure out when he wakes up." Harry looked a little sheepish. "You just can't get enough of him can you Harry?" Luna teased. "Nope, not even close. He's the best thing to happen to me since Hermione." He answered proudly. At this Dora burst out crying and ran up the stairs. Harry looked at Hermione, then Emma, then Sirius. "What'd I say?" He looked horrified. Sirius looked at Harry sadly. "Moony and I had nearly the exact same conversation the day before the Battle. He said Teddy was the best thing since Dora." "Oh bugger." He got up and ran up to Dora's room. At her closed door, he knocked. He could hear her sniffling. "Dora, can I come in?" He asked softly. She opened the door, motioning him inside as she sat on the divan next to the fire. "I'm so sorry Dora. I didn't mean to upset you." He looked at a loss as to how to make her feel better. "It's not your fault Harry." She tried to smile through her tears. "It's just that Remus was as much in love with Teddy as you are and it suddenly hit me that he's never coming back. Most days, I get through and can ignore the pain of Wolfie's death but there are some days it really hurts. We were married for less than a year and you remember how scared he was when he found out about Teddy?" He nodded at that. "Well, after you went to the Ministry and didn't come home, he was even more terrified. Not about the werewolf issue but about us all getting out of this alive. Now he's dead and I really have no idea how to be a mum, let alone a single mum. That's why I spend so much time with my mum." She continued sniffling as tears ran down her face. "You have us you know." Harry offered. "If you need anything, even just someone to scream at, I'm here. Moony was as close to an uncle that I had, that makes you my aunt and I will always be here for you Auntie Dora." At that pronouncement, she burst into wracking sobs once again. Harry reached over and brought her into a hug and just let her cry. He really had no idea how to deal with crying females and was hoping he was doing the right thing. She spent a good ten minutes crying. When she finally calmed down, Harry realised that she'd fallen asleep on his shoulder. Not really comfortable with anyone but Hermione sleeping on him, he didn't know what to do. Deciding that it would be best to untangle themselves and let her rest, he extracted himself from underneath her and laid her on the divan to rest. He then went into the nursery, saw Teddy was still asleep and decided to sound-proof this room and set his wand as the baby monitor to keep Ted from waking Dora. He then went upstairs to the game room where he heard talking. As he came up the stairs, Sirius approached him, looking concerned. "Is Dora ok?" He asked. "Do you have Grief Counselors at St. Mungo's?" Harry asked. "Yeah, we do. Why? Is she not okay?" came the rapid-fire questions from his Godfather. "No. She needs to see someone. I don't know whether she should go alone or we should go as a family but she needs someone to talk to." "With the amount of nightmares you have love, you might want to see one too," Hermione added. "Maybe we should all get a check-up," Sirius said warily. Before this last war, Sirius had never heard of a wizard having mental health problems. If a person was depressed, in the Black family, you were taught to just get over it—not get help for it. When he'd come to Grimmauld, and Remus started coming around, they did a lot of talking about how Sirius was doing mentally. While Sirius accepted that he might feel better if he got some help, the war took a turn and it was put on the back burner. Now, he had to figure out how he felt about seeking help. Somehow, he felt that he should be strong enough to deal with his own problems without anyone's help. However, since the family wanted them to try this, he would—even only just once. "Sounds good. I'll make a family appointment on Monday." Hermione declared. They all heard whining coming from Harry's wand as he jumped up and thundered down to the nursery. HP The next morning at 8 sharp, Harry, Hermione and Sirius landed at the gates of Hogwarts. Just as Harry was getting his bearings, he'd gotten better at doing that quickly during the hunt, the Goblins arrived. While Hagrid was leading them to the castle, Sirius sent a Patronus to the Headmistress letting them know of their arrival. They all trooped to the second-floor bathroom where Harry opened the sink, paused for a second and called for stairs and took them down. He then opened the door to the actual chamber and everyone except Harry stopped. When he realised no one was following him, he turned around with a confused expression on his face. "Aren't you coming?" he questioned impatiently. He really didn't want to be down here and just wanted to get this done. "Mr. Potter, we severely underestimated the price. It is going to go for at least double what I quoted. Do you want to do anything different in dividing the profits?" "No. Ten percent each to Hermione, Colin, Penelope Clearwater, and Ginny Weasley. Fifteen percent to Gringotts. The rest for Hogwarts remodeling if they choose to remodel. And new brooms for each house." He confirmed. "Do we need to stay while you do this?" "No. We will render it and use Goblin Portkeys to get out." "Thank you, sir." Harry bowed as he looked at Sirius and Hermione. "Let's get out of here." He pulled them both out behind him. When they got to the gate, Hermione found her voice, "I never realised how large that thing was. That was huge!" "What she said." Sirius echoed as they apparated home. HP The rest of the afternoon was taken up with the regular Sunday Quidditch and swimming. It was after dinner when Hermione made the announcement. "Luna and I have properly runed and charmed a few extra phones and wanted to know if any besides the four of us want phones for themselves." "We do." The twins said. "You say that I could call Luna from my house while she is staying here?" Xeno asked. "Yes Daddy. You want one, right?" Luna asked, knowing her dad wanted a better way of communicating with her when she was in the muggle world. He just nodded as Hermione handed him one. "May I have one please?" Augusta asked. Hermione handed her one. She then gave one to Arthur, and Ginny as well. "Okay, anyone that has a phone needs to follow me and we will teach you how to use it." Luna said in an assertive voice. Gone was the shy, soft-spoken Luna who only talked about wrackspurts and nargles. This new Luna was smart, concise and every bit as levelheaded as Hermione herself. Hermione was really growing to love Luna like a sister and was proud of her newfound confidence. Hermione made sure everyone was in the drawing room: the twins, Xeno, Augusta, Arthur, Ginny, Sirius, Dora, Harry and Neville. Hermione took out her phone and flipped it on its back. "Everyone look at the back of the phone please. There on a small strip is your phone number. This is the number you give to people so they can call you. Memorise it." Luna handed out a piece of paper to each person with a list of everyone's name and phone number on it. "Now to call someone you open your phone." Luna said as she demonstrated the flip phone design. "Choose someone to call. I'm choosing Daddy. I press the buttons in the order they are in the phone number" She put her Dad's number in. "Now I press the send button." She did. "And daddy's phone rings. Now daddy, since yours is open, to answer press the send button." He did and held the phone like she did. "Hi Daddy." He looked at her but said into the microphone. "Hello my Luna." "Now to end the call, just press end." He did and closed the phone. "Now we'll divide you into pairs and one will go to the sitting room and practice making a call to each other." Hermione said in her best Professor McGonagall voice. They, along with Harry and Neville (after practicing with his Gran), Emma and Dan, went around answering questions and teaching. By the end of the evening, everyone had made several successful phone calls. "I love watching everyone learn something new." Harry commented enthusiastically to his girlfriend as he grinned widely kissing her. "It's like the DA again." "You just like teaching." Hermione laughed as a look of dawning comprehension came over his face. "I think you're right!" He said hugging her. "I think that's what I want to do after school." "Told ya Luna!" She yelled over Harry's shoulder. She looked up. "Huh?" "Harry wants to teach." She told her friend. Luna sighed, growling playfully. "Couldn't have waited till after graduation, Harry?" she took out a galleon and handed it to Hermione. "There you go." "Did you guys bet I'd want to teach?" "No. We bet when you'd get your head out of your arse and figure it out." Luna laughed at the shocked look on his face. "You made a bet?" Harry asked his girlfriend. "You hate betting. What happened?" "We fought a war and I relaxed." She grinned. A few minutes after everyone left for the night, everyone at the Madhouse got a call from someone else. Harry, Hermione, Neville and Luna went to bed very happy. HP The next morning, everyone, including Dan and Emma, was at breakfast at 7.00. As they sat eating Dan was a little skeptical. "So everyone last night had never used a phone before, let alone a mobile, yeah?" "Well, the twins and the four of us had but no one else." Hermione returned. "Did you get any calls last night?" Emma inquired. "Yes. Everyone got some calls last night." "It's just so hard imagining not growing up with at least a house phone." Dan added. "It's amazing they're all able to catch on. Especially with no previous experience." "Yeah. Now the girls will have to figure out how to get computers to be compatible with magic." Nev grinned at his girlfriend with pride. "But you two will figure it out." "I swear, each one of them is smarter than the two of us put together." Harry laughed. "I have confidence they'll do it. "So Sirius, would you or Arthur like to go to a Crawley Town game on next Saturday?" Dan asked, knowing Sirius' answer. "I'd love to!" Sirius bounced in his seat. "I'll see if Arthur or Xeno want to go." He got up to head to the sitting room to floocall Arthur, when he felt in his pocket for the phone. He called Arthur who said he'd love to go. Xeno said the same. "Brilliant. I'll get the tickets today." Dan grinned. It was so nice having another man around. "Why don't you kids bring all the notes you've put together about Hogwarts." Sirius suggested. "I talked to Augusta yesterday because she's on the Board of Governors and she wants to talk to you about it." "We're not ready for a presentation." Hermione squealed as she ran upstairs. She was back a minute later with the notepad. She started writing. "What are you doing?" Sirius asked. "She's rewriting her notes." Harry sighed as he took Hermione's pen and he took her hands in his. "It's okay, love. Gran isn't going to want to look at your notes. Bring them so we can reference them but she'll be fine with scribbled notes for now." "Do you think?" Hermione asked quietly. "Gran's awesome. She knows these are just ideas. She'll be fine." He looked in her eyes and saw she was calming down so he put her hands down and went back to his food. "Harry, did you notice you called my Gran, Gran a minute ago?" Nev said unbelievingly. Harry thought about it for a minute. "I guess that's how I see her. I mean, she's the oldest person I know and she's teaching me. I probably shouldn't call her that to her face though." He grinned. "Actually, I think she'd love it. She told me yesterday that she's starting to see you as another grandson." Emma contributed. "And wishing she'd been able to raise you." "Then maybe I will." HP When they got to Longbottom Estate and they'd formally greeted Lady Longbottom, Harry took an extra moment and said, "Lady Longbottom, I would formally like to ask for your permission to call you Gran if you will allow." She gave him a smile, took a step closer and hugged him. "I would be honored if you'd call me Gran." She said as she kissed his cheek. "I should have raised you Harry. I'm so glad to get to know you now." "If your parents had all lived long, healthy lives, you would have grown up as near brothers." Sirius put in. "Alice and Lily were very close friends as were Frankie and Prongs." "You know Sirius, he really didn't like you calling him Frankie." Augusta sniffed haughtily. "Yeah, I know. That's why we did it." He smiled. "It was either we call him Francis or Frankie. He scared James when he called Frank Francis, so Frankie stuck." He laughed at Augusta's disapproving look. When everyone was seated in their usual places in the sitting room, Augusta started out. "I understand that you four have been spending your free time talking about how to change Hogwarts. Can you tell me about the changes you see needing to be made?" Hermione took a breath. "Muggle Studies needs to be completely revamped and the textbook needs to either change or be rewritten. It's at least a century out of date. It says that cars are only for the wealthy and for short distances. Nearly every adult in the Industrialised World has access to a car. My parents have a car each. Aeroplanes are treated the same way. Apparently, there have been no technological advances since the Wright Brothers made their first flight or so wizards believe. Did you know Americans have been to the moon and back? You've seen the advancement with telephones and paper yourself." Harry put an arm around her. "Don't get so upset, love. It's okay." "What do you two think?" Augusta asked Neville and Luna. "Look at it this way Gran, part of the reason I stay at the Madhouse" Augusta grimaced at the name. "so much is because I can read anytime I want and not strain my eyes." "What do you mean?" "Well, the electricity? used" Nev looked at Harry to make sure he said it right, Harry nodded. "in their house, let's you turn on a light at midnight so you can read clearly." "You can do that with candles." Augusta replied. "Not as clearly. Come for dinner tonight and I'll show you the difference. We'll eat inside. Usually everyone leaves on Sunday before we turn on the lights. During the day, we use the sconces around the house for extra lighting but at night it's absolutely amazing" Neville enthused. "Fair enough." Augusta looked at Sirius to see if she could visit this evening. After all, it wasn't Neville's house and it would not be proper to just come to dinner. Sirius grinned, realising where she was coming from. "You are welcome at our table at any time. We eat around seven except Sundays." "Do you have a recommendation for the new text?" "Not yet. We were going to look for one tomorrow." Luna answered. "I would also suggest you hire a muggleborn to teach it. Hermione said timidly. She wasn't sure if she was going to get yelled at for that suggestion. After all, all the teachers she had come in contact with were half or full bloods. Augusta looked a bit warily at Hermione when she said, "I'm not sure how the Governors are going to feel about that." "It makes sense to have someone who is familiar with that world to teach about it." Sirius reminded Augusta. "I'll think about it. "Augusta said. "Now what other courses need changing?" "History." Sirius, Harry, Hermione, Luna and Neville said in unison. Augusta burst out into raucous laughter, which she hadn't done since she married Gerald. "That's needed changing since I was there. And I know Minnie will help. She and I used to punch each other if we were about to fall asleep." At all of their dumbfounded faces, she just chuckled. "Yes, Minerva McGonagall and I were in the same year at Hogwarts, both Gryffs but she was much more independent than I." "Please say you can fill us in on all the dirt, Gran!" Harry bounced in his seat like a puppy. "After you're out of school dear." She patted Harry's hand consolingly as he pouted and the others laughed. "Anyways, look for a new text there as well girls. What's next?" "In the core subjects such as defence, charms, runes and transfiguration. We feel there needs to be more emphasis in class on actual spellwork, not the theory. We need the theory but we need more help with actually making the spell work." Hemione suddenly became very passionate. "Personally, I would use Professor Flitwick's class almost as an example. He spends most of class helping the students who need it rather than on theory. The other thing we need is to learn more spells that we'll use in our day to day life. We may never use a cheering charm but the charm to clean the dishes I learned from Mrs. Weasley, yeah I needed those. When I think of not having had Mrs. Weasley teach me the housekeeping spells and having to clean up after Ron and Harry this last year, it actually frightens me. But I didn't learn those in school. Do you understand what I mean?" "Yes. I think I do." They spent the rest of the day going over the outline Hermione had put together. When the question of money came up, Sirius looked at Harry and smirked, knowing his godson wasn't going to like being known as the benefactor for all of this. When Harry realised his godfather was hanging him out to dry, he started. "You remember the petrifications in our second year?" Augusta nodded." Well, at the end of the year, I killed the basilisk doing the petrifying." He sighed. "Turns out because of that, it's mine. I asked the goblins to render and sell it. They're giving each victim ten percent of the proceeds, taking fifteen percent themselves and giving the rest to Hogwarts on the condition they use it for these changes. It is going to each individual and Hogwarts as an anonymous donation so no one will know it's me. You must not tell anyone about where the money's coming from." Augusta just stood there staring at this young man. "Harry, it's your money. Why are you doing this?" "I don't need it. Better it go to things I'd like to see changed than having it sit in my vault. Don't worry, there will be at least a million galleons for Hogwarts when all is said and done." They talked about the changes they'd like to see made to the Chamber and why, points application, the implementation of computers at Hogwarts and muggle sports being sponsored. Around four, everyone but Augusta left for the Madhouse. Because Teddy was asleep, Harry and Hermione decided to go to their room and rest. They laid out on the bed and just cuddled together with their shirts off. "That was exhausting." Hermione groaned. "Yeah but I think we got Gran on board. Especially with the money taken care of." Harry started playing with Hermione's hair. "I love the way your hair feels." He sighed. "You're silly but if that's your thing, have fun." She smiled into his chest. "I like to listen to your heartbeat." She admitted. "So we're each a little silly." Harry laughed as she smiled as his chest vibrated. "Do you think any of this will work?" Hermione asked. "It seems like in Wizengamot you guys aren't getting very far with reforms and if the Governors won't take us seriously, I'm afraid we'll have to leave Britain to get good paying jobs. Most, if not all, Heads of Departments in the ministry are either half-blood or purebloods. So going into the Ministry isn't really an option for me, as much as I'd like to work to help different magic users have the same rights. If you want to teach, it might be better to go out of country because it'll take several years for anyone to retire." "You might be right love. Let's just see if we can do anything about these things before we pass our NEWTS. If we don't see any changes by then, we can talk about going elsewhere." "I hate waiting but okay." She smiled up at him. "I love you Harry." "I love you too." He said as they fell into a comfortable silence just spending some alone time together. Soon enough, Harry heard Teddy cooing on his wand and got up to put his shirt on. "Hey, who said you could remove my pillow?" Hermione complained as she sat up. "Sorry love. Teddy's calling." He smirked as she put on her shirt "You don't have to do that love." He whined. She just smirked. "You're the one that got up, dear." He just huffed as he left the room. I'm going to finally get him to stop being a noble git soon, she thought as she went up to the game room where everyone was congregating. In some ways, the game room with its pool table, dartboard, Telly and comfy seating, fireplace with more comfy seating and the bar area had become more popular than any of the rooms on the ground floor except the kitchen for the residents of the madhouse. In the game room right now were Sirius, Dora, Nev, and Luna. Luna was currently on the phone to her father. Nev was playing Darts. Sirius and Dora were sitting by the fire talking. Hermione sat down next to them. "You guys finally awake?" Sirius asked. "We weren't asleep, we were just resting," Hermione answered. A few days ago, they had discovered a small bathroom that led into a medium-sized bedroom on the other side of the wall from the game room. They had not noticed it on the tour originally, which was just weird. Thinking about the bedroom, Hermione wondered aloud, "Maybe that bedroom is hidden from muggles." "Maybe. I don't see why though." Dora answered skeptically. "This is an old house. Maybe they used it to keep something illegal." Sirius offered. "That's what a lot of the old pureblood families did. Maybe it wasn't always a bedroom." "I don't think we'll ever know." Said Harry as he walked into the room with Teddy in his arms. Teddy was beginning to be a lot more interactive as the days passed. "Has he been fed?" Asked Dora. "Yeah. I just got him fed and was thrown up on." Harry grinned. "It's a good thing I know cleaning spells." He handed his godson off to his mum and sat down next to his girlfriend and took her hand. Nev got a phone call from his Gran at about 6.30 saying she'd be there in 10 minutes. When she arrived, they walked into the drawing-room and Neville turned on the lights. "Wow. This is bright." Augusta said as she blinked her eyes. They spent the rest of the evening talking about how they would revamp Hogwarts. They also talked about hiring new teachers. "In a muggle school, they aim to have a student to teacher ratio of 25:1. That way students and teachers are better acquainted and feel more comfortable with each other. I think we have a ratio of about 60:1 at Hogwarts." Hermione added. "Okay. What I would like you youngsters to do this week is to write out a proposal that we can take to the Board. I talked to Minnie this evening, I called you, Neville from inside Hogwarts, and we would like you to put together a rough draft of a presentation that you can show Minnie on Saturday. I told her we would either meet here or at Longbottom Estates, have dinner, then you would show us what you have." Augusta said. As Hermione started to hyperventilate as she began thinking of everything she needed to do, Augusta took her hand. "Hermione, this is a rough draft. Do not stress yourself out. This is just Minnie—not the board—this is where she'll help us iron out the issues. Look at it as you're bringing an idea to her that she'll help you polish." She smiled as Hermione calmed a bit. Then she turned to Nev and Harry. "And you two are to help her, not leave it all up to her." They nodded like boys being scolded by their teacher as they looked down at their plates. "Yes, ma'am." They said together as Sirius, Dora, Augusta, Dan, Emma, Hermione, and Luna laughed. "I think I'll call Ted and let him know the boys will be working on this week," Sirius said as he went to floocall Ted. When he got back a few minutes later, he sighed. "Ted said to get this done first and if you have time to come in later in the week." After dinner, the teens went up to the game room while the adults went to the drawing-room. Gran left around 8.30. She wanted daily progress reports on how their work was going.
A/N I just want to say I'm shocked and amazed. I used to write a lot when I was a teen. However, I never showed anyone. Granted my older brother got ahold of it once and teased me endlessly but he teased about anything he could think of, so I wasn't surprised (you know teenage siblings. They drive you crazy until you don't have them there to tease you, then you miss it!). So, every time I see another email reviewing or adding my story to their favorites, I'm bloody shocked. Thank you for the time you put into reading and reviewing my story. If you like amazing Sirimione stories, look up The Debt of Time by ShayaLonnie, it's brilliantly written. I love it. Ch. 10 The next morning Hermione woke up before Teddy. She went down to the study to start writing plans. By the time everyone had come down for breakfast, she had several notebooks—all with different plans. She had one notebook for each class she wanted changes to. Then she had another notebook for policy changes at Hogwarts. Finally, she had another for how much things would cost. When she got to the table, she said, "I need to go into town this morning for more supplies. I'm not doing all this work on parchment, so I'm going to Quality this morning." "Okay, use the card I gave you." Sirius replied. "Want some company?" Harry asked. "Sure. Why don't all four of us go so if we need more, we can send you?" Luna and the boys all agreed. As they were all leaving the table, Hermione's phone rang. "Hello. . . . . okay, have him buy one and you bring it to me tonight and someone will fix it. It'll cost him 25 galleons. . . . Good. I'll see you tonight after 8." "Who was that?" Luna asked. "George. Lee wants a phone done for himself. I told him we'd do it for 25 G. Luna do you think you could do it?" Hermione answered. "Sure." She smiled as she went into her room to change. Once everyone was ready, they met up in the entrance hall. However, there was an addition—Harry was carrying his godson. Nev laughed, "I swear, you can't go anywhere without the kid." "Nope. He's my buddy." Harry grinned at the boy. Hermione grabbed Harry and Luna, who had ahold of Neville, and apparated to Quality Office Supply. "Luna, we need a printer so we can Rune it too." Hermione threw out. "Sure, I'll go find one." She took Neville's hand and they left. Harry and she went to get things like staplers, binders, loose paper, in/out tray, file cabinets for the study and all sorts of other things. Halfway through, Harry went to get a trolley. "Are you sure we need all this?" He asked Hermione as he set Teddy in the baby seat of the trolley. "No. But it's better to have too much than too little." About half an hour later they were done and apparated back to the Madhouse. By lunchtime, Hermione had the study set up the way she wanted so that after lunch, the quartet went into the study to work the day away. Except for Tuesday night when Luna did the Rune carving and Charming for Lee's phone, most of the days were spent working on this presentation. Wednesday morning, Luna and Hermione went to Flourish and Blott's and found new Muggle Studies and History texts for those two classes. They also found a book on Wizarding Culture and Etiquette that would be good for the first and second years. By Friday afternoon, they had a working presentation wherein, they each talked about part of the plan. Even Hermione, who looked as bad as she did before their OWLs fifth year from lack of sleep, was surprisingly happy with the overall presentation. During most of the early evenings, while they ate and took a break from the presentation, Luna and Hermione worked on the computers. On Friday evening, they left a computer in WWW with instructions not to play with it but to bring it Sunday. Of course, after not working on the presentation until about eight o'clock, they would go back to work until about 11. Then, at least for Hermione, she'd be up at five. When they got back from WWW on Friday evening, everyone decided to take a break. "Why don't we watch Return of the Jedi tonight?" Nev proposed. "Sure." Harry pitched in. So they spent a relaxing evening watching movies and just having a good time. HP Saturday was a tense day for the teens. Everyone felt the stress of performing tonight. Each person was dealing with it in their own way. Harry was focusing on playing with and taking care of Teddy. Sirius had closed and warded the study so Hermione couldn't work on the project anymore. Consequently, Hermione was pacing the house or walking outdoors. Luna had taken to sunbathing or swimming. Neville was sitting by the pool reading a Herbology text. On Friday night, which by all accounts is a particularly loud night in the Madhouse, Sirius had noticed that the volume had doubled. Realising it was nervous tension about the next day, he'd decided to ward the study because he knew Hermione would be in there editing unnecessarily unless stopped. He saw how tired she'd been this week and was so concerned he asked Harry to join him in the study before bed Friday. Sitting next to the fireplace, he began, "Harry, I'm worried about Hermione. She hasn't been sleeping. She doesn't eat much and if she bites her bottom lip anymore, she'll bite through it." Harry laughed. "Don't worry Padfoot. This is mild compared to the week before OWLs. She hasn't started yelling 's when she does that that you've got to worry." Padfoot looked worried. "Still. I want you to let her get as much sleep as possible. Don't bring little man into your room, that sort of thing. Just take care of her. Please." "Don't worry about her. She'll be fine come Sunday. I've dealt with this behaviour before." Harry understood that Padfoot was actually more worried than he was saying, so when they stood, he gave the old dog a hug. "She'll be fine Pads." "I hope." Sirius muttered as they went to bed. Saturday morning at breakfast, Sirius did a surreptitious study of Hermione to see how she was. She actually looked like she felt better and had had a good night's rest. Around mid-morning, Sirius found Hermione sitting in the kitchen with a mug of coffee. "Hey hon." He greeted as he sat down next to her. "How're you doing this morning?" Hermione looked up and smiled. "I'm okay Uncle Sirius. I'm just nervous. Someone warded the study and I can't work on the project anymore." "You called me Uncle." He stated gobsmacked. "It just slipped out. Sorry. It's how I refer to you in my head." "I like it. I've never been an uncle." He beamed with pride. He took out his wand and held it to each shoulder as he intoned "I dub thee Niece Hermione-at least until you marry my godson." He took her hand and kissed it in the courtly manner of old. She giggled. "You are such a nutter, Uncle Sirius." Then Sirius said more seriously. "I love you, niece of mine." She sat on his lap and hugged him Hermione-style. "I love you too nut." She then got off him and went outside to sit with Nev. Around four-thirty, everyone went up to change into their dress robes. Nev and Harry didn't see the need for them but didn't dare tell Hermione that. At five o'clock, the floochime rang twice. Hermione and Harry, along with his godson, met both Minerva and Gran in the sitting room. After all the greetings, Harry said, "Why don't we go into the drawing room, where we can set up easily?" Everyone followed but Hermione who moved into the now unwarded study to get the posters they had put together. She then set them up in front of the fire where everyone, including Dobby, was now sitting. Minerva stood up. "I understand you have been working non-stop since Tuesday to make this presentation. I have to say I'm already proud of all of you for your dedication to trying to improve Hogwarts. I will promise that if I find something in your presentation that I know won't work, I will tell you and we can come up with something else. I would like to work on this with you on this so that we can take it to the Board at the end of the month." She sat as Hermione stood. "We, as students, feel there are problems with a few courses at Hogwarts. First is Muggle Studies. The text that I had for third year was a joke." She began as she turned the first board, which described all the problems and how to fix them. "First, the text being used was written in the 1920's. Muggle technology has moved so far that the Americans put a man on the moon nearly 30 years ago. We now have telephones in our pockets." She held up her cell phone. "This means we can talk to someone in America without feeling so dizzy we need to steady ourselves from the floo before we talk. We can also fly to New York in less time than it takes the Hogwarts Express to make its journey. The text needs to take these breakthroughs into account. Students also need to learn about muggle dress so they blend in better. One of the biggest problems most wizards have is that they dress so old fashioned that they seem odd to muggles. Wizards also need to be aware of cameras on the streets. They may apparate into an empty alley but be caught on film. This can lead to the Statute of Secrecy being breached. All of these things are not taught in the current class. We found an appropriate text at Flourish and Blott's. We also think a muggleborn or half-blood should teach the class, since they'll have more actual expertise in the field. Do you have any questions Professor?" "Everything you say makes sense and I like the changes. However, most of the Governors are going to have a field day with a muggleborn teacher." She grimaced. "Well, excuse me, but screw them. No pureblood has any experience in the muggle world and therefore is unable to teach it." Nev responded crossly. He got a 'look' from his Gran. Harry stood up and turned to the History board. "Now, we all know Binns has to go. He can stay teaching but since he doesn't care if he has students, we should get an actual History teacher. One that will teach muggle as well as magical history. They can take first years and give then a general overview of both histories. Second year, they can talk of both histories in Britain. Third year, they talk about Europe. Fourth could be Asia. Fifth could be North and South America with reviews for OWLs as well. Sixth could be Africa and seventh could be Australia and a recap because they'll be facing NEWTs. We've found books for all years. Just get a teacher that knows both magical and muggle history; actual history, not just Goblin Rebellions." "That is actually a well thought out plan, Mr. Potter." Minerva smiled at him. Nev stood up and turned to the Wizarding Class board. "Now, what we are suggesting here is not a change but an addition. We need someone who can start with first and second years and teach Wizarding Culture and Etiquette as well as Muggle Culture and Etiquette. This way, wherever you come from, you can get along in each society. Our whole aim is for understanding between purebloods and muggleborns so that it can't be used to divide us like it did with Voldemort. I suggest you get a muggleborn and pureblood to run this class. Or at least someone like Dora's mum, who has lived on both sides." He sat down and Luna got up. She turned to the Points Given and Physical Activity board. "One problem we have had in the past is that points are not given out fairly. One teacher takes 50 points for breathing too loudly while another gives the same amount for being first to do a spell. This leads to a lot of resentment on the students' part." She said while McGonagall nodded. "The other thing we noticed is there is only one sport: Quidditch. We would like to introduce muggle sports such as football and swimming, maybe rugby and cricket as well. This would again get both muggleborns and half-bloods into more accessible sports and hopefully bring in purebloods as well." "Swimming? There's no place for a pool." McGonagall said. "Yes there is." Harry responded. "We can clean out the Chamber, put in a new access and put one down there, along with a muggle gym to help everyone keep in shape." Hermione got up and turned to the board labeled Muggle Classes. "I don't know if you know, but I've been taking muggle courses during summer and winter hols to keep up with my muggle classes; in case I decide to go to uni. I think we should offer the core subjects like maths, science, and English so everyone has a choice to go to uni, whether muggleborn or pureblood. This year, we can offer it as correspondence courses until you can find muggleborns to teach this. You might even consider hiring muggles." Both Minerva and Gran snorted at this. "The board will never approve a muggle for this. That'd break the Statute of Secrecy." Minerva stopped laughing finally. "I'm sure some of the muggleborns' parents are teachers. Heck, my parents could teach science!" Hermione replied. "Okay. I'll put some thought into that." Minerva said. "My question though is how to pay for all this." "A lot of the basilisk money will pay for this." Harry replied firmly. Minerva looked confused. "I understand that's your money, Harry." "Yes. I'm giving some to the victims and the rest to Hogwarts to use for these changes. I'm insisting that the money be used to do things to promote wizard-muggle relations here, however." He answered. Harry could see Minerva's eyes glisten as she said. "Thank you. We've needed some of these changes for generations. This will help tremendously." "If we can get the board to agree." Augusta chuckled. "Oh I'll make them agree." Minerva used her Professor voice as they all laughed; knowing that she'd taught a lot of the board members. They knew not to cross her. Everyone then headed to dinner. As everyone was settling into their dinner, Minerva asked, "So Sirius, I understand the trials are done now, is that true?" "Yep. Now it's on to filling all the seats this week. We have to come up with 'worthy' names to take these seats and everyone thinks they've got the definitive list." Sirius laughed. "Who's on your list?" She returned. "You." He gave her a smile as she dropped her fork and, for the first time in Sirius' life, she had absolutely nothing to say. "We're trying to nominate people who have done something worthy for the magical community and that aren't purebloods. You fit the bill. If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have survived first year with all the rubbish my family was giving me. I know Remus thought very highly of you because you knew his issue and still treated him like a wizard, not a creature. We need the Wizengamot filled with people like you Minnie. You won't need to be there except for important votes but this is a good symbol that we're trying to promote—worthy people not just hereditary seats." "Okay. I see where you're going with this. I'll serve if I'm elected." She smiled and then muttered, "Oh boy" as they ate dessert. HP Sunday was a typical extended family afternoon and dinner. The major difference was that Angelina and Alicia, the twins' girlfriends, came up to Hermione and Luna before the Quidditch match. "Hermione?" Angelina asked. "Yeah Angie?" "We were wondering if you could Rune and Charm phones for us?" Hermione smiled. "Sure. Buy them and bring them over tomorrow and I can do it tomorrow night. Would you be interested in a computer? We're working on those now." "Yes if you get them working." Katie replied. "They've already been at the twins' store since Friday night and they still work. We checked them before we came out here." Luna answered. "How much will you charge for the phones?" Angie asked. "25 G" "That's great." Katie enthused. "I can't wait to have a computer work in my flat in the Alley." "With the computer, you may want to pay for internet service but you may need to get someone in to hook it up, which would be problematic unless you live in the muggle world. The same is true for TV. I don't know if we can create a piggyback onto the signal to get internet and satellite tv yet like we did with the phones." Hermione informed the chasers. "I don't need that right yet but we'll see." Katie said. "You can always live with me in the muggle world Katie." Angie teased, as Katie was known for always enjoying the wizarding world. "Thanks girls." Angie said as they left Hermione and Luna. "You know Luna, once we get the computers and tvs working, we should set standard prices for these things. Maybe we can have Fred and George sell the items and package the "magicking" into the price. Different prices for different items depending on how hard they are to fix." Hermione proposed. "Maybe we can get Harry and Nev to help us as well if the workload gets bad." Luna suggested. HP The next day was another lesson with Augusta. This time Harry, Hermione and Neville learned about etiquette when dealing with potential alliances, especially with the odd place the three youngsters held in society. "Today, we are going to talk you through the alliances we have traditionally held, what Sirius and I have reformed and what you need to do to cement these alliances. First, the Black, Potter and Longbottom Alliance has been formed. We have also made tentative members of the Macmillan's, the Abbotts, the Bones'and Shacklebolt's. There is a courtesy when addressing the Heads of House. Now, with the Bones' Head of House, you, as Madam Bones' social equal-that means that you trace your trees back as far as Camelot-only nod and kiss the hand for you boys. Hermione, for now, you curtsey to everyone-when you marry Harry, you will nod to the Bones family. To anyone else in our Alliance, you shake their hand or kiss their cheek. If, let's say Richard Fawley comes to greet you and Hermione Harry, he will nod to you and you in turn shake his hand. This is because you nod to your betters or equals in the social structure. Because he is below you in the order, you accept the nod by shaking his hand. If his wife is present, you kiss her hand. Hermione, once you marry, you accept a nod with putting your hand out for a kiss and you shake Lady Fawley's hand or kiss her cheek. Does that all make sense? You have to remember that besides you Potters, the Bones' and Longbottoms are your only social equal." "Wait Augusta. We Blacks are as well." Sirius grinned as Gran gave a start. "I suppose yes. However, after having spent my entire adult life on the opposite side of the fence as your relatives, I guess I tend to forget the name Black when it comes to Light families." She smiled. "Guess I'll have to correct that." Everyone laughed. "Now, even though the Abbotts are socially lower than you, because you are in an alliance with them, you nod to teach other. In other words, an alliance makes you social equals." She looked at how fast Hermione was typing on her computer. "Are you getting everything Hermione?" She asked politely. "Yes ma'am." Hermione responded as she finished typing. "Now, that is only the greetings." She paused, then got her phone and dialed. "Xeno, could you send Luna over? I need to teach these boys to dance and Neville should learn with the person he's most likely to dance with." She listened. "Thank you, Xeno." She hung up. "Gran!" Nev and Harry said together as Sirius laughed. "What? You need to learn. I know my Neville knows how but want him to practice with Luna. And I've heard of your abysmal attempts at dancing from Minnie, Harry. You need, no, require this lesson." Nev leaned to Harry. "We're not getting out of this mate. She's got that look on her face." "Fine." Harry grumbled as he stuck his tongue out at his godfather. Sirius just grinned as they heard the floochime. "Hello? Anyone here?" Luna asked. "In the sitting room Luna." Nev yelled. "Neville! Go greet Luna!" Gran hissed as Nev slunk out of the room. When Neville came back, he was with a giggling Luna. "Daddy said something about dancing lessons?" She asked Augusta. "Yes." Augusta smiled at her grandson's choice in girlfriend. She was good for the boy. For the remaining time before lunch, they danced. With Augusta and Sirius leading the way, the young men learned how to ask a girl to dance, how to waltz, foxtrot and even tango. Before they went into teaching the tango, Sirius commented, "Now Harry, this was your dad's favorite dance. He loved the fact that he got to hold Lily so close. Nev, your dad hated this dance because he seemed to trip every time they did it at first. However, Alice liked it so Lily worked with him through sixth year to get it right. At the end of year ball that year, he was able to perform it flawlessly." Sirius grinned at the flummoxed looks on the men's faces. "Why did Lily teach Frank? I would have." Augusta asked. "You're his mum. Never, ever ask your mum to teach you how to dance!" Neville shivered as Sirius roared and the others chuckled. "Yup. He knew he could ask you Augusta but he trusted Lily to help with keeping it a secret. Besides, you weren't at school when he needed the help." "Another person you never get help from is your head of house." Harry grinned ruefully. After lunch, they discussed that it was better to get to know the children of the Allied families because that would lead to better working relationships later on. Then they discussed what they knew of each of the Allied families' children at school and how they could get to know them better at school this year. "Now, the Alliance has come up with a list of several families to fill the vacant seats in Wizengamot." Augusta said as she summoned the notebook and pen Hermione had given her. "By the way Hermione, could you get a few more of these notebooks for me?" Augusta asked. "Sure. Do you want to kit out your study with office supplies like I did at home?" she asked. She thought for a moment, "Let me look and see what you've done on Sunday, then we'll see." "Okay." She smiled. If she could get Augusta to accept muggle office supplies, it would make it easier to bring them to school. "Now, here's the list we've come up with." She made a copy for each. "as you can see, we're going back to 32 hereditary seats, 20 Awardees, and 16 Department Heads. Lord Abbott found a list of the original 32 families on Wizengamot and we are planning on restoring some old families, as you see, and replacing the incarcerated families with either light or neutral families." She smiled. "You have homework this week. Don't whine. It's unbecoming of a Lord." She admonished as Harry and Neville groaned. "Tomorrow, while Sirius and I are in session, you two are to go to Wizengamot Office and familiarize yourself with the voting record of each original family. I'd suggest you make copies of each to take home because I want you to summarize in a few paragraphs what their voting tends to be, light or dark, when it changes and theorise as to why it changes. You can split the list if you want." She looked at the girls. "Don't let them talk you into doing this for them. You can help but they need to understand this, so they need to do the actual work." Harry and Nev looked at each other as she was saying this and the look of terror on both their faces made Sirius laugh. "James, Frankie and I had the same assignment summer after sixth year. The exact same assignment." Then he looked at Augusta as though he just had a major realisation. "Did Gerald and Monty give us the same assignment on purpose?" "Yes, they planned it. They thought you would have more fun doing it together." She smiled at the clueless young man. He laughed. "Yeah, we had fun. Each of us took about ten families and shared." "As we intended." She nodded. "If Frank and James had remained healthy, these boys would have done this a few years ago." "But that means we each have sixteen, not ten." Harry muttered. "Yeah but there are only two of us." Nev said, lowering his voice. "Harry look at them. I swear they're plotting our doom. We better just up and do it." Neville was resigned to his fate. "When are these due?" he asked Gran. "Two weeks." Soon it was time for everyone but Augusta to go home. By three o'clock, everyone was ready to relax and they floo'd to the madhouse. When they got home, Teddy was up so Harry took him to the game room with him and Neville. As soon as Dora saw Hermione and Luna, she said, "The two boxes on the table in the entrance hall are phones from Angie and Katie. They brought them over this morning. Said they'd come by tomorrow morning around 9 to get them." "Great." Luna smiled as she went to get them. "Hermione, I'll do these while you work on the computers. I want to get those done so we can move on to the tv's." "Why?" Dora asked as she followed them to the game room. "Because I want to get a tv and VCR at home. I want to watch Star Wars again!" At that Hermione and Dora laughed. "So it's really a selfish reason then." Hermione commented as she sat down on the divan with a computer. "Yes. I guess so." She said as she sat down and started working. "So, what did you learn at Augusta's?" Dora asked as the girls snickered. "What?" she repeated, more intrigued now. "We learned how to dance—or rather the boys did. I do have to say that although Harry started out clumsily, he got much better. It was even fun at the end." Hermione giggled. "Then they got homework from Gran." "I thought grandparents were supposed to be fun, not give homework." Dora said, raising her voice so the boys could hear. "You'd think, wouldn't you?" Harry replied with a sour look. He put down his cue and sat next to Teddy. "Don't worry, little man, I'll never give you homework." He gave the child a kiss as he got up. "Don't promise things you can't deliver." Sirius chucked. "Didn't you see the list of replacement seats? Lupin was one. Which means Ted will inherit it at 17. You'll be giving him the same assignment when he's your age." Harry's jaw dropped. "Oh bugger." He groaned. "Can't my life be normal?" He whined. Nev chuckled as he slapped Harry's back. "Remember, life isn't normal for our generation. We talked about this at Fortescue's." He took a shot then he grinned as Harry lined up his shot. It was funny that as long as they'd been playing pool, neither Harry nor Nev paid attention to who won. Really, it was the comradery that both young men enjoyed in the act of playing the game. "Our lives have been made up of how to clean up the mess other generations have left since the last Blood War. We don't get a break." "I know, I know." Harry grumbled as he took his shot. "There. The phones are done!" Luna exclaimed. "Enough of all this maudlin talk." Hermione replied as she worked. "Yes. You have to fix mistakes that have been made. But you're alive to do it. Enjoy the life you have rather than wishing for a different one." She admonished. "Why don't we apparate to Pizza Express in a little while for an early dinner?" Luna suggested. "Sure" chorused the rest of the group. The girls then began transferring all the runes and charms that went into the phone to two computers. Once they were done, which didn't take very long, they took the computers to WWW. "Hello, Hello" one of the twins greeted them at the door. "I see you have computers for us. How can we help?" They set the computers down on the counter." Well," Hermione began. "We've done the full set of runes and charms on these two computers." "By our estimation, they should power themselves through the ambient magic around us." Luna continued. "We would like to set them up here to keep running as long as they can. You can use them if you want but just leave them off in a corner and we will come here every day to check and see if they're working." Hermione added. "Honestly, we don't anticipate any problems. However, if it does fritze out on you, please notate the time for us." Luna concluded as they finished setting up the laptop on the counter. "Now." Hermione said with a much more serious look. "We originally thought that we might fix a few muggleborn friends electronics for free, then start charging for the privilege. We are now thinking we are going to get this process patented at the ministry. We would like to expand on the number of people using these devices. We thought we might buy a few different phones, rune and charm them and set up a side display here in your store if you wanted. You would be in charge of selling the 'fixed' devices and we would share the profits." "That sounds like an interesting offer. Sort of a store within a store." A twin said. Hermione couldn't tell which one she was talking to. "Do you have a business plan?" The other one asked "We would need a business plan and a contract with you to even think about it." "Okay." Luna responded thoughtfully. "Maybe we can talk to Ted tomorrow when the boys go in. He might be able to help us." When Hermione and Luna had talked about this, they had just thought of a handshake deal, not anything formal, at least until they saw if there was a market for this. However, the logical part of Hermione's brain could see how this would be beneficial. "Okay, we'll put one together this week and talk to you Sunday about it." Mione agreed as they left. Hermione's phone rang as they left the store. She picked up, noticing it was Harry. "Hey love, what's up?" "Just wondering when you're getting home. It's half five and we thought we'd go eat." He replied. She looked around and saw people staring at her. "Okay. Let me get a single book from Flourish's and we'll be home. I'll explain then." "Okay. I'll see you in 3 hours then." Harry chuckled. She sighed then chuckled. "I'll be home in 30. I promise." She hung up. She was stopped as she was about to walk in the store. "Was that a mobile you were using Miss?" a man in his early 20's asked. "Yes." She answered distractedly. "How does it work here?" At this point in the conversation, Luna realised that Hermione's mind was only on getting a book about business plans. After all, without talking about it, that's why they were here. She knew Hermione well enough to know her focus was elsewhere so she said, "Mione why don't you get the book we need and I'll talk to this person about the mobiles." "Thanks Luna." She said as she wandered into the stacks. Luna pulled the young man to the side of the store and brought out her mobile. "Hermione and I have been working on a sequence of Runes and Charms that will not only protect the electronics around magic but recharge the battery with the same magic. By the way, I'm Luna Lovegood. Are you interested in one?" She asked, thinking she might make their first sale that wasn't a friend. "Yes. I am muggleborn and live in the muggle world because none of my electronic work in this world. I currently have a mobile but didn't bring it here for fear it would break. So you can really fix my mobile so it'll work?" "Yes. Bring your mobile to WWW, leave your name and mobile there tomorrow and you may pick it up on Wednesday morning. It'll be 25G." "Will you be able to do other devices?" "Soon. Check in at WWW in the next few weeks. We'll be working with the proprietors of that store to sell our services." She turned around and saw Hermione waiting for her. "Thanks for your interest Patrick." She headed out with her bushy-haired friend. "Sorry about leaving you to deal with that guy Luna. What'd he want?" Mione asked. "I'll tell you when we get to pizza." She grinned as they apparated home. They picked everyone else up and went to Pizza Express. As they sat down, Harry asked, "What took you so long?" "Well, we got into a conversation with the twins about using their store to sell our 'magically enhanced equipment'." Mione smiled. "They want a business plan from us." Luna expanded. "So we went to Flourish's to buy a book on how to build a business plan. While we were there, we got our first paying, non-family customer." She smiled. "He saw Mione on her mobile to you and asked how it worked. I told him and he's going to leave his tomorrow at WWW so I can fix it." "Dora, it looks like we might need your friend at the Patents Office sooner than we thought. If we're going to form a business, we need to protect our service." Mione looked at Dora. "Sure." She smiled; glad the girls were turning this into something tangible for themselves. "You know who might be able to help us with the plan is my dad." Hermione said. "He deals with the business side of their practice." They continued talking about their expectations for the business. When Hermione mentioned that she'd never really thought of her experiments leading to a business opportunity, Sirius laughed. "I knew the moment you told me about this plan and then got Luna involved, it'd go somewhere. That's why I invested." As they were leaving the restaurant, Harry whispered into Mione's ear, "I am so proud of you my love." As he hugged her. That evening, Hermione finally came out of the bathroom in the blue teddy she bought with Luna. Feeling bold, she slipped into bed with Harry and saw his eyes glaze over as she took him in her arms and kissed him like they had never kissed before. Her hands were moving all over him as his hands made their way under the flimsy excuse for clothing and to her breasts. His hands found their way to her breasts as he pulled her teddy off. They spent quite a bit of time finding each other's pleasure centers. And when he felt she wanted it as much as he did, he entered her as she screamed in both pain and pleasure. Soon after, they laid sated next to each other and fell into a deep, satisfied sleep. HP The next morning, Harry woke slowly, enjoying the sensation of feeling Hermione's naked body curled up to him. He was about to kiss her awake to see if she felt like making love again when Teddy whimpered. Just his luck. Couldn't Teddy give him one day off. He felt Mione move against him. She really shouldn't do that when he needed to get up. "Better get up love." She said sleepily as she kept moving along him, only making him harder with each move. "Can't." He groaned. "I already am." Her eyes sparkled as they looked down. "Damn, you are. Too bad Teddy needs you." She laughed as he twisted to get his boxers and glasses. "Damn kid." He muttered as he walked into Sirius' room and got his godson. "Your timing stinks, little man. I was about to wake Aunt Mione to see if she wanted another round but nooooo, you had to wake up." "Frustrated much." Sirius laughed at the look on Harry's face. "Sorry. Didn't mean to wake you." Harry muttered as he was about to leave. "Wait Harry." Sirius commanded and Harry stopped to look at his godfather. "Did you and Mione finally do what I'm thinking?" "If you're asking if we made love, the answer is yes. Last night. Happy now you know all my secrets?" He grumbled. "No but happy that you're happy kiddo." He slung his arm around Harry as he kissed Teddy. "Now go clean him up. You have to be at Gringotts in less than two hours." HP Later that morning, the four teens left for Gringotts. Sirius then left for Wizengamot. Although official sessions did not start until half one, if you wanted to talk business or negotiate anything, you had to be there by nine. He had forgotten that the oldest families, like the Bones', Black's and Longbottom's had been given offices in the Wizengamot Offices. It had been a concession to the old families when the Ministry was formed. Only the oldest of the families got these offices to lord over all the other families. As he sat down to figure out who he had meetings with today, Augusta strode in and sat down. "So, how'd the boys deal with having that assignment to do?" She smiled. "Fine. They were more concerned about their girlfriends starting up a business than anything else last night." "What happened?" She asked as he told her about the encounter in the Alley. HP At Gringotts, the teens entered Ted Tonks' office after a bark of "Enter" from Trainee Swordback. "Ah. I see all of you are here. I understand that you young ladies would like some help with a business proposal?" he smiled as everyone sat. "Yes sir. You see, we have figured out how to Rune and Charm mobiles so they work around magic. All of our friends and family have them now. We are beginning to get people tangentially related to us to ask for these modifications but yesterday we got a request from a stranger that saw me using my phone in the Alley." Hermione explained. "We suggested to the Weasley twins that they sell the 'magically enhanced equipment' and we do the Rune and Charm work. They want us to bring them a business proposal. We don't know how to write one." Hermione said as quickly as possible. "Okay. May I look at the book you have?" Ted asked. It was the book from Flourish and Blott's about how to write a proposal. He looked at the book quickly. "This is a good beginning. I want you to sit down and come up with your own proposal based on this book here while Neville and Harry work on their own project today. Tomorrow, I will look at it and we will go through it together to see where changes need to be made. On Wednesday, after those changes are made, we'll do it again until you have a coherent business plan. Yeah?" "Great." Luna responded as she got up. "Mione, let's go get the computer so we can work on that." "Good. We can see if they have the phone yet too." Hermione sighed in relief as they left the office. She had a plan and she always worked better with a plan than without. "Now on to your task." Ted grinned at the young men, rubbing his hands together evilly. "Your task, for the next two and a half months, is to start your rehabilitation project. Using the resources you have, you are to make whatever property you choose profitable or serve the community in some way. We will be having weekly Tuesday morning meetings to discuss your project." He concluded. "I would take today to look at your properties and see which ones you want to use." He pointed to the tables with files of their properties on top. "I would also recommend you visit the property before you decide on it." "You couldn't have given us an easier assignment." Harry heard Nev mutter as the boys sat down at their usual tables. "Of course not. It's Neville's Law." Harry looked at his Godbrother and grinned. "Huh?" Nev looked confused. "You're the one that said that our generation doesn't get to have a normal life because older generations have screwed us over. This just seems like another manifestation. We've been thrown in the deep end of our Inheritance because the older generation fucked up and we have to fix it!" Harry grunted as he looked at the first property, which was the land both their fathers bought in 1980. "Nev, how much property do you own on the plot next to ours?" He asked. "Let me check." He turned some pages as the girls came in and sat down at a smaller desk near Ted's. "It's a total of 100 acres. Why? What's yours?" "100 as well." He turned to Neville. "I've got an idea but I'm not sure it will work. What if we put our land together and started a farm/ Orphanage / school/ nursery for all the orphans that have been made from this war. We could call it the Lily and Alice Refuge LAR for short. What do you think?" Nev sat there thinking for a few minutes. "Would it be just for wizarding kids? Or would we take in their non-magical siblings as well?" "Why not both? It's not like the muggle kids wouldn't be used to magic and it would keep siblings together." "Okay. Why a farm and nursery as well?" Harry laughed. "Would you put your heart and soul into it if it wasn't Herbology related?" They heard the snickers coming from the girls. Nev laughed. "Yeah. I do love my plants." "I wonder—it looks like it's located between Manchester and Liverpool. I remember from primary school that there are a few dairy farms there. I wonder if we could have specifically a dairy farm." Harry suggested. "You want to go take a look at the place? It looks like it's just land with no buildings so we'd have to build everything from scratch." Nev looked at Ted. "Ted, if we do this, we would need someone with experience running a dairy farm to help us in this early phase. Would you know where to find one that knows about magic?" "I can find someone but are you sure you want to concentrate on the dairy farm aspect of the venture." Ted didn't want to dampen the enthusiasm they were expressing but thought it his job to keep them focused on what their goals were. "Maybe you should focus on getting the orphanage up and running before winter. I don't know how many orphans there are but shouldn't they be the main focus right now?" "You're right Ted. Do you know of any wizarding orphanages we could look at?" Harry asked "Sure do." Ted smiled. "Andi does some Healer work for St. Mary's in Wales. I also know there's a Hufflepuff House in Scotland that Andi and I donate to. Should I let them know to expect you tomorrow?" "Yes. Just floocall me to let us know when." Harry said, then paused. "Mione, could you please magic a phone for Ted tonight?" "Let me finish this." She held a finger out in a 'wait a minute' gesture as she kept typing for a few more seconds. Turning to Harry, she asked, "Now, what do you need?" "Can you magic a phone for Ted this afternoon?" "Okay. I'll go home and do it at lunch." She smiled. "I'll bring it back with this report by three, yeah?" "That's great. Don't worry. I know how to use a phone." He laughed. "Want to go pick up some brooms and we can fly around the property?" Harry asked, looking at Neville to gauge whether he was still afraid of flying. "Sure." He replied confidently. Before they left, they kissed their girlfriends goodbye. If Harry's was a little more passionate than usual, Hermione wasn't complaining. The young men bought new brooms and took the portkey in the folder to the property. "Nev, we can come down whenever you want." Harry stated as they got on their brooms. They went up about 15 meters and took a slow turn around the properties. The first thing Harry noticed was the terrain was very flat. It was also a very beautiful setting. He could see building his own retreat here when Mione and he got married. They saw a stream and small lake underneath a small copse of trees. He motioned Neville down to the lake. When they got there, Nev seemed much happier to be back on terra firma. "I really don't like flying." He said. "I know. I remember your first and I think your last flight." They both started laughing at the Rememberall Incident. Nev just shook his head. "When you break your wrist the first time you do something, it leaves a bad taste in your mouth. However, it did give Gryffindor a great new Seeker." Harry grinned. "So, what do you think of the place? Do you think we can do it here?" Harry asked, wanting Nev's opinion to match his but not wanting to influence him. "Yeah. I think we can." Nev grinned at Harry's relieved look. "And I think an orphanage named after our mums is a brilliant idea. Let's go back to Gringotts and get the girls for lunch." He said as he saw it was half eleven. 34
A/N I had a sex scene in this chapter but I took it out. Partly because I have a hard time writing those but also because I work with children of all ages and every time I write one, in my head I'm thinking "what if so-and-so's mom figures out it's me that's writing this."I'm not saying there won't be allusions to it. It's not as though they're Amish, it just won't be smutty. Thank you so much for sticking with me through this, I really appreciate it. I never thought I'd have 200 followers and 28 reviews. It blows my mind. Thanks so much for your support. Ch. 11 After picking up the girls from Gringotts, they went back to the Madhouse for lunch. When they got there, Mione headed off to Charm Ted's phone while Harry went to find his godson. He went into the kitchen and saw the most interesting thing he'd seen in a long time. Dobby was sitting on the island, holding Teddy in his arms and feeding him. As he was feeding Teddy, Dobby was singing in what must have been Elvish. It was a gentle, rhythmic song that would calm anything he could imagine. Harry looked at them and realised that Dobby was bonding with Teddy too. It was very comforting to know that Dobby would bond with the kids in the family. Somehow, with everything Dobby had done for them at Malfoy Manor, it seemed right that Dobby be the elf to do this. After all, Harry couldn't think of a more enthusiastic protector than Dobby. When Dobby was done and Teddy needed to be burped, Harry said, "I'll do that Dobby." As he came in and lifted his godson to his shoulder, Dobby just smiled happily. "Hey little man. How are you this afternoon?" Teddy just gave him a loud burp. "You're doing that well eh?" He laughed as Teddy laughed as well. He sat the little boy in his bouncer as Dobby asked, "Did your day with Master Ted go well, Harry Potter Sir?" "Yes. Nev and I are going to use some property we own to start an orphanage for all the war orphans out there." He said proudly. He really wanted this to work. If he could help it no wizarding child was going to end up like he did. He understood all too well life was tough when you didn't have a parent's love. However, with good people running the orphanage, no child would have to live like he did. "Do you know if the wizarding world has an equivalent of Department of Child Welfare?" "I believe so. I cans check on that for you Harry Potter Sir." "I'd appreciate that Dobby. They may have records of orphaned or abused children that we could help." "Lunch bes in 10 minutes." Dobby replied as Harry left the room. He went up to the game room where everyone, including Dora and Sirius were. "Mione, did you magic that phone for Ted?" He asked. "Yes dear. I got both done." At Harry's confused look, she added "you know, the guy we met yesterday?" "Oh yeah." He understood. "Harry, wasn't Dobby feeding Teddy?" Dora asked, smiling at the fact Harry had him in his arms—and he hadn't been home for 15 minutes. "Yes, but I burped him and he fell asleep on me." Harry grinned lopsidedly at her. "Harry, I was thinking about the orphanage." Nev began. "And I was thinking, maybe we could divide them by age group and give them their own common room like at Hogwarts? What do you think?" "That'd be great! With all the room we have we could make sure each kid only has to share a room with one other kid. I want them to have their own space." Harry responded. As they were talking, they were shooting pool. "Does it seem to you Luna, that they can't talk without playing pool too—at least if we're up here?" Mione asked. "Yes. But at least they're talking, unlike some boys." "Harry, do you guys want a computer to organise everything about this project?" Mione asked. The boys looked at each other. "We'd have to learn how to use it." Neville ventured. "But we'll have to anyway with these two taking them to Hogwarts this year. They're going to insist on us using it for homework" "Yeah. I suppose it's better we learn it now." Nev agreed and looked at Mione. "Sure, but I've never even been on a computer before so you'll have to show us how it works." Dobby popped in then with "Lunch is ready" as he popped out with Teddy and the bouncer he'd been laying in. "Guess he has Teddy." Sirius laughed as they all headed down. HP After lunch, the men went to Wizengamot and the girls went back to Gringotts. When they arrived at the ministry, the men didn't head down to Wizengamot chamber. Instead, they went to level 2. "Why are we here Pads?" Harry asked. "Well, the Alliance decided to have a get together this afternoon with our heirs. We want to introduce you to both the Heads of House for the Alliance along with having you kids get to acquainted." He responded. "Then on Thursday, we are going to go over the Alliance's agreed upon goals with you and seek your consent." "Okay Sirius. Stop sounding like a stuck up git and use normal words." Neville reprimanded. "'agreed upon', 'acquainted'. These are not words you usually use. You're scaring me." Sirius just laughed and put his arm around Nev as he whispered. "I only use big words in dealing with politics. Just get used to it." He then opened the double doors to what looked like a medium-sized ballroom and walked in. Harry and Nev looked at each other. "We don't leave each other's side, yeah?" Harry muttered to Neville's nod as they walked in, following Sirius slowly. "Okay boys. I'm just going to introduce you around. Don't be surprised if they want to thank you for getting rid of Voldemort. Be respectful." Sirius said under his breath as he walked up to who Harry recognised was Madam Bones. "Amelia, my dear, I'd like to introduce you to my Heir, Lord Harry Potter and Augusta's Heir Lord Neville Longbottom." Both men nodded to Amelia. "It's a pleasure to meet you both. This is my Heiress Lady Susan Bones." They each nodded to one another. "It is nice to see you again Lady Bones." Harry said. "I'm glad to see that the only rational person in Wizengamot at my hearing survived this war. And it's good to see you survived too Susan." Amelia smiled, masking her surprise well. "I didn't think you'd remember me." "I remember every moment of that day." He laughed. "Yes. I suppose you would." She smiled. "How are you today, Susan?" Nev ventured. "I'm well. Better than living in the Room of Requirement, yeah?" She returned, alluding to the month or so a good majority of the DA spent living there. "Much better." He smiled. "Not having to worry about Death Eaters, has a way of improving sleep." And on it went. They were introduced to Lord Richard Macmillan and talked with Ernie, a fellow combatant at the Battle and schoolmate of theirs. They then moved on to Lord Richard Abbott and his Heiress Hannah, a fellow combatant with the DA. Then they came to Kingsley. They greeted in the formal way, then Kings said. "Come here Harry." As he took the young man in a bear hug. "It's really good to see you both alive and well. I haven't seen you since Remus' funeral and while Sirius here keeps telling me you're okay, you can't trust this old dog as far as you can throw him." Kingsley laughed his deep baritone laugh. "I know what you mean King. He is a mangy mutt, isn't he?" Harry looked at his godfather. "Hey, I resemble that remark!" Sirius laughed. "Neville, it's good to meet you, outside the battlefield." Kingsley said to the young man. "Thank you, sir." "None of that sir business. We are all friends here." King turned around and gestured to a boy about nine who was sitting at a table. "Come here Devon." He said encouragingly as the boy came over. "Harry, Neville, Sirius. I'd like you to meet my nephew and heir Devon." "Hello Devon." Harry said, getting down to his level. "I'm Harry Potter. How are you today?" "I'm fine sir." He said shyly as he hid behind his uncle. "How old are you?" He asked, trying to make the young boy feel at ease. "Nine sir." "So two more years until Hogwarts. You're going to love it there. Nev and I met there and we're best friends. We roomed together for 6 years." He smiled conspiratorially. "One thing I learned there—Neville snores." Devon laughed and came out from behind King. "Not as badly as our other roommate, Ron." Nev protested as he squatted down. "He sounds like a bloody train—every night!" "Do you like flying Devon?" Harry asked. Devon nodded enthusiastically. "Well I do too. Maybe we can go flying together sometime." "That'd be so cool." Devon replied as he finally came out of his shell. They spent the next two hours just talking to people. Honestly, it was a little draining for both Harry and Nev but they survived. What made it worth it, however, was toward the end Devon asked to talk to the young men again, adoration clear in his eyes. "Mr. Potter, Mr. Longbottom. Thanks for not talking to me like a dumb kid. Most of these people do that. That's why I was sitting by myself earlier." "Why would we talk to you like that when you clearly aren't?" Nev asked. "Don't know but everyone does and I get bored at these things." He sighed. "Well, next time hang with us." Harry invited with a smile. "Dev, I need to talk to these two for a moment, yeah?" King said as Devon walked off. "Thanks for that both of you. I hate dragging Dev to these things but he has to be exposed to it early or he'll never learn. Thanks for making him feel welcome." He finished. "Don't worry King. We'll look out for him." Nev replied. Soon after, the trio apparated home. HP "You know, Nev, we might talk to King about war orphans. He might know how to reach out to them now that he's minister." Harry proposed as they went to the game room where Dora and Teddy were laying on a divan asleep. Mione was working on their business plan while Luna was working on another computer. Harry sat down next to Mione as his phone went off. "Hello." He said into the mobile. "Hi Harry. It's Ted. I arranged for voice activated portkeys. One to each orphanage. I told them you'd be at St. Mary's at nine and Hufflepuff House around one to half one in the afternoon. Do you want to pick the portkeys up tomorrow?" "Sure. Thanks so much Ted. Who do we ask for at each place?" "Jane Guthry at St. Mary's and Venus McGonagall at Hufflepuff House." "Okay see you tomorrow around 8.45. Thanks again Ted." "No problem Harry." He replied as they hung up. "Well, are we going tomorrow?" Nev asked anxiously. He was as excited as Harry to start this project. "Yeah. Gringotts at 8.45. The morning is in Wales. The afternoon in Scotland." He grinned. "I love magic." He laughed. "So do you want to learn how to use the computer now?" Luna asked. During all this time Mione's head was bent to the computer in her lap and she was typing away. "Just a minute. Luna." Harry said as he sat next to Mione. "Mione, are you okay?" he asked as she jumped. "You scared me Harry. When did you get home?" She kissed him on the cheek absentmindedly. "A little while ago. I even talked to Ted on the phone. Again. Are you okay?" "Yes. Fine. I'm a little distracted with this business plan. It's hard work coming up with all this information but I'm almost done." She smiled as Harry took her hand. "Can you finish in 30 minutes?" He asked gently. He knew she was focused and when she was like this, she was more likely to explode if she didn't get done the task she'd assigned herself. He saw it at school all the time so he was asking questions, not demanding. "Yes. I think so." She responded. "Good. I'd like to enjoy your company this evening." He smiled as she went back to work and Luna taught them not only how to use the computer but the business software she had installed today. By the time the young men had gotten the hang of the computer, Mione was finished with her work. It was around that time that Dora and Teddy woke up. After taking care of toiletries, Dora sat down in the game room to feed Teddy. "So, Luna, how many computers have you charmed today?" she asked, amused by the determination the girl showed. When told about Luna's reputation as dreamy at school, she was confused. The girl she had grown to know was smart, determined, level-headed and incredibly kind. "Four, but we also have the two left at WWW too." She put the one she'd been working on down. "I think our next step is to work on the telly." "How many electronics devices are you going to charm?" Dora asked. "Well, we decided today that the display we would have at WWW would have a mobile, computer, telly, game boy, VCR, stereo, portable CD player, and Walkman." She reeled off. "We also decided that we'd let people bring in their own devices to get them protected. We will set everything up in the store and man it this summer, then we will just keep the display stocked during the school year and the twins will run it. If someone wants their own devices magicked, they'll send it to Hogwarts." "Why not set up your own store with a team that can do the Rune work?" Dora asked. "That may end up happening but we don't know how popular this will be so we don't want to start out that way." "Do you want to go to the Patent's Office tomorrow and register the Rune work?" Luna smiled. She was so glad the whole family seemed to be behind this "Okay. Could I meet you there at say eleven? We need to go over our business plan with your dad in the morning." Dora laughed. "Sure. I'm sure my dad is enjoying helping you out. I bet he's telling mum all about your company and how revolutionary it is. And I'm sure mum is just sitting there nodding her head. With as many years as my dad has managed other peoples' money, he really enjoys helping people start a new venture—especially if he thinks it's going to work." The rest of the evening was spent talking about the teens' projects. Sirius was so proud of the boys working together to make sure no one was left behind from this war. The amount of effort they were putting into this project was mind blowing to him. At 17, he was still trying to get laid as much as possible, not trying to better the world. Thinking about it, the same was true of the girls. While it might have started out as a project for school, the fact that they were willing to share their results was amazing. Their innovations could see the entire wizarding world change. If their proposal to the Board works for Hogwarts, these four kids will be forcing change on the wizarding world—that it needs badly. Having a more responsive educational institution, taking care of wizarding and muggle orphans from the war and more advanced technology could only lead to a brighter wizarding Britain, in Sirius' opinion. Merlin, I'm sounding like a politician already, he thought. HP The next morning at breakfast Harry asked Dora, "So when are you going back to the ministry?" "I'm not sure. As much as I love being an Auror, I am Teddy's only parent now. I'm thinking I may have to take a safer job at the ministry or somewhere else." Dora sighed. "Could you spend the time helping Mione and Luna do the Rune etching and so forth on the electronics, while you decide?" Nev asked. "If they want." She replied after swallowing pumpkin juice. "Sure. That'd be wonderful. Wouldn't it Mione? Then we could concentrate on the business for a while." Luna jumped at the chance. While figuring all this out was extremely fun for Luna, the drudgery of putting Runes on everything was boring. Hermione perked up at that. "Would you Dora?" she pleaded, giving the puppy-eyes that always worked on Harry. "Please?" "Of course, but you'll have to teach me." She laughed at Hermione's pleading. "When we get back from the Patent Office, I'll do that." Luna replied as everyone finished breakfast. "Okay." Sirius sighed as he got up. "I'm off to fight over who gets put in as replacement members." Everyone laughed as he apparated away. "And we're off to Gringotts." Harry added as all four apparated to their appointments. Each pair came into Ted's office that morning for different reasons. The boys picked up the portkeys, kissed the girl's goodbye and left for Wales. The girls sat down with Ted to go over their business plan. They had printed him a copy at home. "I see here, you've named your company Magically Innovative Technology or M.I.T. You know that's a uni in the States, right?" He asked. "That was our plan." Hermione smiled. "Many muggleborns will have heard of MIT and know that they're known for their innovations, so will know what to expect from us." HP The boys portkeyed into the entrance hall of a building that looked a lot like a nursing home Harry used to visit with the Dursleys, at first glance. "Hello, you must be Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom?" a woman said from behind them. They turned around to see a woman about Madam Pomphrey's age. "Yes we are." Neville held out his hand. "Well it's good to meet you. Why don't we take a tour of the place first? By the way, I'm Jane Guthry." She said as she showed them the nursery for the infants, the toddlers wing, the school-age kids wing, the cafeteria, the schoolhouse, and the hospital wing. In the schoolhouse, which only had 3 rooms, they saw mainly classes you'd find in a muggle primary. However, they did see several students practicing meditation. "One thing we've learned is the younger you have the students learn to meditate, the fewer bouts of accidental magic you encounter." "That would've helped me then." Harry chuckled. "Lots of accidental magic as a child, yeah?" Nev asked. "Loads. I once apparated onto the roof of the school to get away from bullies." He smiled. "As you saw in their living quarters, each child shares a room with 4 others and are grouped by age and sex." She continued. "After school, students spend the next three hours on homework, we eat at six o'clock and lights out is at ten." "Do you have humans in charge of each of these wings? Or are they monitored by house elves?" Nev asked. "Yes we have one or two in each wing but we rely on the house elves for a lot of the monitoring. We just can't afford the help." They eventually went outside where there was a small Quidditch pitch, a playground each for older and younger kids. Both boys noticed how old and broken down this place was. It was decorated similarly to a muggle hospital. In other words, not very warm. They could see the adults working there seemed worn and tired. Of course, it didn't seem to Harry that there were enough adults on the premises. They ended up in Ms. Guthry's office, where they talked about what she would like to see changed and what she liked about this orphanage. It really boiled down to more money to find more qualified help. Both Neville and Harry were taking notes of everything they saw. "Ms. Guthry, is it possible to see your budget so we know how much we should plan for things?" Harry asked. "Of course. Let me make you a copy. And if you have more questions, feel free to contact me anytime." She replied handing it over as they left. They portkeyed back to Gringotts and apparated home. HP When they got home, the boys looked at each other and said simultaneously. "I want to see Teddy." They went to the kitchen, drawing room, game room and sitting room but found Teddy and Dora out on the grass playing 'catch the nose' as Dora changed her nose and Teddy tried to grab it. "Hey Dora, has he caught your nose yet?" Harry asked as they sat down in the grass with her. "No but he's getting there. Usually, he ends up with my cheek or hair." She laughed as her boy waved to his godfather as Harry picked him up. Harry just sat there staring at his little man when he whispered. "You'll never have to go to a place like that little man." Then he looked at Dora. "Who's on the list to care for Teddy if you die?" "That bad huh?" She asked "Worse." Nev said. "Well, you're next, then my parents, then Sirius." "Could you add a few more? Maybe Neville, Luna and Hermione?" Harry asked. "Maybe pick someone outside our circle like Ginny?" Nev suggested. "Why so many?" Dora asked. "Because if you, Sirius, your parents and I die, I'd like to know Teddy won't go to one of those places." "You're really worried?" "Yes Dora. That place was so impersonal it was amazing the kids were stimulated at all." "Okay. I'll talk to Dad's lawyer who drew up our will and add the names." The girls and Sirius came home a few minutes later and they went in to lunch. Harry had given Teddy up to Nev, who didn't look like he was going to give him to Dora to feed until Dora promised to give him back. "Merlin that place must have been awful." She shook her head. Nev had never been very possessive of Teddy except today. "So what are you doing this afternoon, Mione?" Sirius asked his niece as they walked outside. "I'm going to work on the improvements to the business plan we worked on with Ted while Luna and Dora go to the Patent Office. Then we'll teach Dora how to magic the equipment." "What'd Ted think of your business plan?" Nev asked. "He liked it and says we should be able to give it to the twin tomorrow or Friday." "Apparently, he was really impressed with our thoroughness and said it just needs a few tweaks." Luna smiled. "I can see that. You're two of the smartest people at Hogwarts now." Harry grinned at Neville and stage whispered. "How'd we get so lucky?" Everyone laughed as Hermione huffed. "Oh you." HP At 1.15, after Dora and Luna left, the boys portkeyed to Hufflepuff House. Their entrance hall looked more like a large palace entrance hall. It had marble flooring and huge oak doors that must open to the outside. There was a cloak room off to the side and a bench with a place to put your shoes. "You must be Harry Potter and Neville Longbottom." A woman said from behind them. They turned around to see a woman that very much resembled a younger Professor McGonagall but with red hair and a smile. "I'm Venus McGonagall and I've heard so much about you two from my aunt, I feel like I know you already." "You're Minerva's niece?" Harry finally got out. "She has family?" "Yes." Venus laughed. "I've been her niece all my life." "Bloody hell. She's human?" Nev babbled. "Yes. Contrary to popular belief, she is not a lion masquerading as a human." Venus couldn't help laughing at the fact that these young men couldn't think past the Professor image her Aunt liked so much. "And believe me, you are her absolute favorite students. She regales us with stories of your 'adventures' Mr. Potter every summer and Christmas." She paused, looked at the young men and became more serious. "Why don't we start the tour?" the boys nodded. "Originally, this was a manor house. We've remodeled and expanded it to have a dining room and kitchen on the east side of the basement and ground floor. The meals are served like Hogwarts only the children eat at tables by age." They walked into a large room with loads of tables, all different sizes. "We generally have 4-6 adults eating with every age group. The toddlers and preschoolers eat at 11.30, the school age eat at 12. We have a schoolhouse out back I'll show you soon." She went to the east side of the mansion where there was a game room, library and some offices for staff. "The first floor is for newborns through toddlers. We try to stay at 2 youngsters for each bedroom. Here is a toddler's room." They went in to see it decorated with a Quidditch theme. It was a decent size room for two toddlers. "This is a boy's room as you can tell by the décor." She laughed as they headed up a flight of stairs. "This is the preschool age." They looked at a nice princess room. They went up again. "This is a school age room." Harry noticed the inclusion of desks and bunkbeds now. "And up on this fourth floor we have the fewest number of rooms because most of these are for children that go to Hogwarts and are only here part of the year." They moved to the fifth floor. "Since a few of our staff decide to live here, this is their floor. Each child's room has a monitoring charm on it so it will awake the appropriate person. For instance, if a school age child is out of bed, it chimes in Ms. O'Clare's room and she gets up to deal with it." She said as they came back down. On the first floor, she pointed to a room. "That room is staffed by a different member each night to take care of the infant's needs." They headed to the back of the house and walked out to a schoolhouse. "I notice there are a lot of adults on the grounds here. What's the ratio of child to adult?" Harry asked "Thirty to one." She said as they walked through what looked like an actual primary school, not the schoolhouse at St. Mary's. There was lots of room for kids to play and climb trees and yet they also had play equipment for different ages. "Let's go back to my office and talk specifics, shall we?" She asked, her green eyes twinkling. When they got back, Harry asked "Could you give us a moment? We'll be in shortly" "Of course. Use this office." She led them to an empty office and left. "Do you like this model Nev?" "Loads better than the one this morning." He nodded. "I'm thinking we should model ours after this and hire Venus away." Harry suggested. Nev's eyes got brighter and he nodded. "I like that idea. I wonder if she'll want to start over at a new place though?" "Let's ask." "Okay." They walked out and knocked on her office. "Come in." She called. They sat down in front of the desk. "So what do you think of Hufflepuff House?" "This is very similar to what we were thinking of building. Only we're going to put a dairy farm and a few greenhouses on our land for the older kids to help with." Harry replied as he took a deep breath. "We were wondering if you would like to help us build it, staff it and manage it with us." "We like what you've done here and want to emulate parts of it." Nev continued. "We were thinking of using Hogwarts as a model where we'd have separate facilities per age group with their own common room." "So you would have a tower for each age group with their own common rooms. What would be in the newborn common room?" she inquired, testing them. She wondered how realistic they'd be or if this was a pie in the sky adventure. "Well, it'd have a few changing stations, bouncers, playpens, a few toyboxes. There would be at least two regular bedrooms for staff at night to share the sleeping duties." "Do either of you have experience with newborns?" she asked. "I live with my girlfriend, Godfather, my uncle's widow and their son, my godson, who was born two weeks before the battle of Hogwarts; where my uncle died. So I do at least one feeding a night sometimes two. I know all about babies. That's why two staff should be here every night—so no one dies from lack of sleep." Harry laughed. "Oh and Neville here spends a lot of nights at my place, so he knows too." "How active will you be in the day to day running of the place?" she questioned. "After the initial set up, we'd need someone experienced to take over because we'll be at school." Neville answered. "That's why we want you. You seem to know your stuff and we want your expertise in what works and what doesn't." "How much say would I get in the initial hiring for my deputy and other staff?" "Initially we'll do it together and major changes in future will be made by all three. I see our role being less hands on with time." Harry responded. "Okay. Can you give me until Friday morning? I'm inclined to agree—I've always wanted to start from scratch and build a place the way I envision it." She sighed. "Come here Friday morning and we can talk more then." She said as she walked them out. They said goodbye and portkeyed away. HP When they got home, Harry realised it was already six o'clock. They'd spent nearly five hours there. "I didn't realise we'd spent so much time there." He said to Nev as they made their way to the game room. "Yeah, but it was an amazing place. That dining hall was brilliant. It was bright and fun, though you're going to want to decorate with snitches, yeah?" Nev laughed. They arrived at the seating area to see Dora, Mione, and Luna sitting there applying Runes to computers, phones and one small tv. "It looks like an electronics store in here." Harry laughed as he picked his godson up from the bouncer, kissed him and put him back. "Well, we went out and bought more." Mione smiled up at her love. "I think we have all the Runes figured out for most everything. The only issue we're still working on is how to get the programming for the telly and the internet for the computers." She sighed as she put down the phone she was working on. She got up and gave him a kiss as he sat down and pulled her onto his lap. "So how was Hufflepuff House?" "Well, we met McGonagall's niece." He laughed at the gobsmacked looks on their faces. "Yep. They even look alike except for the red hair. Venus is actually very organised and knows her stuff." "We even offered her a job as Head of the orphanage." Nev smiled. "Apparently, she's heard about all your 'adventures' as McGonagall calls them from her aunt at family get togethers." "Their school actually looks like a primary school, not an old-fashioned schoolhouse." Harry observed. "Sounds like you might have some actual help with this project." Hermione noted. Teddy started waiving his arms and legs and wiggling in the bouncer. Hermione got off Harry and rolled her eyes at Luna as Harry bounced up and scooped Teddy into his arms. "He really can't leave Teddy be, can he?" She smiled indulgently at the pair. "Nope." Luna finally peeked out of the back of the telly. "I think this one is done. I also think we nailed down the Runes to get the programming. We'll have to take them to WWW tomorrow and see." "Good!" Hermione exclaimed. "If it works then we can adapt those charms and Runes for the Internet. That'd be great." They spent the rest of the evening just enjoying each other's company. After having dinner with the Grangers, they sat down and watched Terminator. The purebloods were really nervous that muggles might make machines that think for themselves. Harry, Hermione, Dan and Emma had to ease their fears. Needless to say, it took a while to do. HP The next thing Harry knew, he was hearing Teddy cry. In his groggy state, he felt Mione laying on him. He kissed her gently as he extracted himself from underneath her, luckily without waking her. He put on boxers and went to get his godson. "Hello kiddo. How're you today? I'm great. Your Aunt Mione is an amazing person, you know that?" He asked the boy as he changed him in Sirius' room. When they walked into Harry's room, they sat in the rocker "Thanks Dobby." Harry said to the air as the bottle appeared on the arm of the rocker. "I don't know what we'd do without that little guy. He's absolutely amazing and he takes such good care of us all. You know, your Auntie wanted to free all the house elves at Hogwarts for a long time. She knitted hats and laid them out for the elves to find. She's just an amazing woman, always thinking about how to make the world better. You and I are so lucky we get to know her. And she loves you almost as much as I do little man." He said as he burped the baby. "Boy I'm going to miss our talks when I go back to Hogwarts, little one." He sighed. Harry looked at his watch. "We should have plenty of time to make breakfast for everyone if we hurry." He told the boy as they went downstairs. Hermione opened her eyes as he left the room with Teddy. She had woken up as Harry had started feeding. As she got ready for the day, she marveled at the man Harry was becoming. It amazed her how much more open he was when talking to Teddy. She wondered if it was because he couldn't talk back, so he was safe. Harry didn't talk about his feelings, Hermione knew and respected this. It was hard for him to admit that he cared about someone because he could then be hurt. She knew that with her, he felt he could be more open but he still had a tendency to close off at times—unless they were making love, then his feelings were written in his eyes and on his face. The one person he was completely honest with was Teddy. In all the years she'd known him, he had always been this reserved, brooding, closed off person. However, since the war ended, he'd been much more open and willing to express his wants and needs. He was more open to bringing new people like Neville and Luna into his life. She really liked this version of Harry. As she walked out of their bedroom, she walked right into Luna. "Sorry." She muttered as they and Nev went down the stairs. As they ate, they talked about their plans for the day. "We're going back to Gringotts to do the final draft for the business plan so we can give it to the twins tomorrow and we can discuss it Sunday." Mione offered. "We're going to talk to King about who to talk to about war orphans this morning." Harry continued. "This afternoon, you two need to be at the ministry. We are going to go over the Alliances goals today." Sirius said to the boys. "Wear your formal robes please. I think we are going to have an Alliance dinner every third Saturday of the month to update you on what is going on in sessions. The first one might be this Saturday but I'm unsure." "Makes sense." Nev replied. "We are going out shopping with a friend this morning." Dora announced to her boy. "We'll be back for lunch." HP After they apparated to the ministry, Nev and Harry went to Kingsley's office. "We were wondering if we could have a few minutes of the Minister's time this morning?" Nev asked his receptionist. "What is it you need of him?" The older woman asked. "We would like to talk to him about starting an orphanage for all the war orphans." He smiled. She got up and disappeared into Kingsley's office, coming back a few minutes later. "You may go in." she smiled, as she pointed through the open door they walked through. "Hello boys, sit down." King smiled jovially at them. "What can I do for you?" As they sat, Harry started. "Well King, we've been working with Dora's dad learning about our family investments this summer. Our next project is to find a way to rehabilitate or repurpose a property we own. We found that our dads bought adjoining properties of 100 acres each." He sighed. "So we decided to start an orphanage for war orphans. We think we already have the Head of the organization—Professor McGonagall's niece Venus- but we don't know if you guys keep lists of orphans or who to talk to." "So, you met Venus." King laughed. "I remember the first time I met her I was at Hogwarts and she was visiting—scary how much those two look alike!" "But with red hair." Nev contributed. "Yes. She a good lady but doesn't have to put on the strict face Minerva does." King sighed. "I know that we have many orphans now. I know our Child Welfare Service has a few homes they run but that they are so overcrowded because regular families won't take non-family members into their homes. I also know they'd like to close them down if possible, so anything you could do to help that would be good." He paused, reviewing his schedule in his head. "Let me look into a few things and I'll bring those names to you this afternoon." He got up and the young men followed. "Thank you, Kingsley." Nev shook his hand. "You're welcome" He smiled as they left. "That was easy." Nev commented as they left. "Almost too easy." Harry agreed. "Want to take a walk down the Alley?" "Sure. We've got plenty of time." Nev approved. "Maybe stop at Fortescue's?" "Yeah. But I really think we ought to talk to the twins about what the girls are planning. I really want this to go well for them." Harry enthused. "Why? What is so important about this venture?" "Well, I want Mione to see that her hard work can bring in something besides good grades. I also want her to have something that is truly hers." He explained as they got to the apparition point and apparated to the Alley. They apparated to right next to the entrance to the Leaky, so they weren't too far from WWW. "Nev, you and I've got so much bloody money, I'm a little worried that Mione will be uncomfortable marrying me if she has nothing of her own." Nev just looked at him for a minute. "You know, I never thought of that. We're with some very independent women; they're going to want their own life even after we get married and this is a good way to give it to them." He laughed as they walked into WWW. "It seems obvious now that you say it." They found George (Harry thought) behind the counter. "So George, I see that you guys are open now. What's up?" Harry asked. "We opened fully this week so it's still a little slow right now." "I see you have a fairly empty area near the front." Nev commented. "Yeah. We want to fill that area with something. We just haven't decided what yet." "Well, the girls have been working really hard on this business plan this week and are going to give it to you tomorrow. I really hope you guys can make it work. It's really important to them." Harry replied. "We'll see." George returned with a mischievous grin as they said goodbye and parted.
A/N Two hundred thirty=seven followers! Wow! Thanks so much. I am doing this beta-less so if you'd like to help, it would be appreciated. Also, if any of you are British, I could use help with the language. You know, separated by a common language and all that rot. Anyway, thanks again Ch. 12 That afternoon, after a relaxing lunch with his godson, Harry, Nev and Sirius headed back to the same room they had been in on Tuesday. This time, however, there were no tables, there was just a circle of chairs in the middle of the room. "Boys, since we are the senior members of the Alliance, we will be meeting people at the door. Your Gran should be here any minute, Nev, then we can get started." Sirius began. "After everyone is seated, we will go over our aims as an Alliance and lay out when we'll need you in Wizengamot sessions. We will also go over our monthly meetings and what they'll be about. The adults in the Alliance have been a little nervous letting you Heirs in because they see you as too young. Thankfully, we've come to some decisions regarding that." Gran came in and instead of being formal, Harry took her in a hug. He could feel she was a little stiff for a moment and then relaxed. "Thank you, Harry." She smiled as she stood back and arranged all four of them in a line at the door. Everyone soon arrived and sat in their seats. Each heir was sitting next to their Lord or Lady except Devon who was trying to sit between Harry and Nev. Harry laughed at that, picked up the boy and sat him on his lap. It started with Sirius going over goals. He handed out a computer printed sheet with a list of goals on it. "Everyone." Sirius said as people quieted down. "I hear a lot of you asking what this parchment is. Well, my godson's and Neville Longbottom's girlfriends have come up with a way to shield electronics so they can be used with magic. This is a printout of what our goals are. I used a computer up in my office here in the ministry and typed this document up and printed it out. If anyone wants to see the computer, come by my office and I'll show you how it works." He laughed at the gobsmacked look on most the adult's faces. "The first goal is to get more people of different backgrounds on Wizengamot. I believe we're all on board with that." He looked around and got several nods. "The next one is a more merit-based approach to hiring in all areas of magical Britain. Third, we are going to repeal ALL of the restrictions on Creature Laws. Fourth, we are going to make a place for other magic users to have a say on Wizengamot. And lastly, we want encourage cooperation between the Department of Education and Hogwarts staff." "Are we really sure we want to take on the Creatures Laws that have been on the books for centuries when people like Greyback are still running loose?" Ian Macmillan asked. There was an uproar from both sides as they talked over one another to make their point. Sirius stood up and stared at every person until they shut down. When he had everyone's attention, he stated "Greyback is an outlaw by any standard, civilized or feral and should be put down in the harshest terms possible but to punish those inflicted with lycanthropy because they might become like Greyback is an insult to any were that wants a normal life—and most want a normal life." "We're not going to solve this debate today." Augusta said loudly. "We need to make our pitch to Wizengamot tomorrow for replacement members." As she said this Sirius was handing around papers with the Alliance's agreed upon replacements. "Currently, there are fourteen votes on Wizengamot, the rest have been disqualified. We are 7 of those. We need at least one more to make this work Has anyone had any luck talking to the Greengrasses or Shaqifs?" "Yes and I'm positive we have the Greengrasses and I'm almost sure the Fawley's are with us." Lord Abbott volunteered "Do they know that we are trying to separate Malfoys vote into the original three families so the Malfoys, or whoever we nominate to replace them, have 2 votes, the Prewitts have 2 and the Weasley's have two?" "Yes. That is why Lord Greengrass is voting with us. He doesn't want one family to have so many votes again." was the reply. "The second goal I see us getting a handle on this summer is the merit-based pay." Lady Bones brought up. "We'll get lots of help there from the Department Heads, we've all wanted that for decades but this body wouldn't deal with it." "I would suggest we leave the other goals until we've accomplished these. I'm sure we will add and subtract them with time." Sirius prodded. "I would like to invite everyone to my home, The Madhouse, for an early dinner and get together on Saturday. Bring your wives, heirs and heir's girl/boyfriends are welcome as well. We can talk more about this then." "I'll second that." Lord Abbott answered as everybody gathered up their things and left. The older crowd left to attend Wizengamot session already in progress. Harry and Nev left, along with all of the younger generation, for home. When they got there, they could hear the stereo coming from the game room upstairs. "Wow that's loud!" Nev looked surprised as he headed up. "Yeah. I hope Teddy's already awake because that will certainly do the trick." Harry laughed. They arrived to see Mione bent over a computer typing away. There were CD players, VCR's and tellies stacked in a small pile as everything was shrunk, however Dora and Luna had CD players in their hands and were working diligently while Teddy slept in his bouncer. "Wake Teddy and you die." Dora whispered angrily. "He just finally went down." "How is he asleep through the music?" Harry asked. "He can sleep through music." Dora whispered with a shrug. "Anything else and he wakes up." The men decided a game of pool was a bad idea, it might wake the infant, but a game of darts was fine; so they headed to the board. "So, do you think we'll get all our replacements on Wizengamot?" Harry inquired "I think we'll get a lot of them, perhaps not all, but enough." "Who do you think we won't get?" "The Creeveys. They're muggleborn. I don't think they're ready for a muggleborn." "Do you think we'll get Hermione?" "I think so. Our side will be the majority and I know Daphne and Hermione get along and I think that'll influence her father. One thing you have to remember Harry is that besides Black, Potter, Longbottom and Bones, this is a very tentative Alliance right now. It hasn't been tested and, if there's one thing Gran's always told me, it's that Alliances shift in the wind—friendships don't. That's why Sirius and her are harping on us getting to know the other heirs, so we can gain their friendships and thus their Alliance." "And you should listen to your Gran and me about these things." Sirius said as he came into the room. "Why are you home?" Harry worried as he walked up to his Godfather and hugged him. "Oh, I need some stuff from the study. Thought I'd say hi, seeing as I'm here." He looked down at Teddy as he was just opening his eyes. "Your son's about to wake Dora." He commented as he looked at his godson. "Nev's right kiddo—about the Alliance and friendship." "I know. It's just most of these people think of me as the-boy-who-lived or the-man-who-vanquished, where the bloody hell did that name come from by the way? I want to be known as Harry Potter period." "That's why the other Alliance members want us to have these dinners, so you guys can get to know each other that way." Sirius confirmed. "Anyway, I better go. I'll see you tonight." And he left. "You want to go down to the study and write out our ideas for the orphanage Nev?" Harry sighed, putting down his darts. "Sure." Nev did the same as they walked downstairs to the study. In the past few weeks, Sirius used an enlargement charm to be able to fit another desk inside. Now, instead of the two desks side by side, they had that plus another in place to make it a sideways T; two next to each other and one facing both of them. This new desk was Neville's, the one right next to it was Harry's and the one to the left side of the room as you come in was Sirius'. Both Nev and Harry had computers on their desks. "So, what do we want this orphanage to be?" Harry asked "Well, I want it decorated more like here than Longbottom Estates. Yes, the offices should be somewhat formal but this should be a home foremost." Nev threw out. "Do we want to use the castle theme? I mean, it's a good way to get them used to a place like Hogwarts before they go and, I really like the castle theme." "Yeah but will it cost more to build it that way?" "I think the cost will be worth it. I want the kids to feel like this is their home, not someplace to sleep." Harry said bitterly. Nev looked at the hard expression on his Godbrother's face and figured now was not the time to ask. However, Nev thought Harry clearly needed to talk about something. "I was thinking of having a large main structure that would incorporate the dining hall, offices, classrooms and staff bedrooms. Then the four turrets would be nursery and toddlers, preschool age, school age kids, and Hogwarts age." "And we want to set aside space for staff to sleep in the three towers with full time attendees. Should we offer room and board to our staff?" "I think we should to our teaching staff. Maybe if someone teaches English they get a certain amount but if they want to live there they get some extra because they will have responsibility for one of the towers. Sort of like McGonagall. She lives on site and is Head of Gryffindor so she's responsible for Gryffindors behaviour. Only they have a flat at the top of each tower." "Yeah, we could make those really, really nice flats and if more than four teachers want to live on site, they can have a smaller flat attached to their classrooms." They sat there writing down ideas that they wanted to incorporate into their orphanage until Sirius came home at 6.30. "Hey boys." Sirius said as he came into the study. "Have you been down here since I've been gone?" Harry looked up distractedly from his computer. "Yeah. We've been going through our plans for the orphanage. We have—" he paused as he checked his computer "five pages of notes so far. Why?" He stretched. "Okay. You've done enough for the day." Sirius was astounded that they had been working so hard. They were taking this assignment so much more seriously than he did at 15. But it might have something to do with the fact that it seems as though this generation is much more serious than his was. Maybe it has to do with the boys wanting to finish this war for good this time. He just shook his dark hair and said. "Let's go upstairs and see everyone. You boys are making me look bad by working so hard." Nev and Harry just laughed as they printed their notes. What Sirius didn't notice was both men bringing the notes up with them in case they got any more ideas. When they got to the game room, Teddy was in the bouncer. "How's my little man doing?" Harry asked as he picked his godson up. Teddy promptly cuddled into his goddad and grabbed his shirt. He then began sucking his left hand. "Oh you are such a good little kid." Harry sighed as he sat on the divan. He then noticed that there were a lot more magicked devices in the completed pile. "So you three have been busy, I see." He looked at Hermione and Luna who still had appliances in their hands. "Yes, but we are done now." Hermione shrunk what they'd been working on and put them away and sat with her boyfriend and the baby. "So, was that all you did this afternoon?" Nev asked. "No." Luna replied. "We took a bunch of stuff to WWW to make sure it still works. We just got back about an hour ago and could hear you talking from the entrance hall so we didn't bother you. What have you decided on the orphanage?" "No. No more talking about work." Sirius interrupted commandingly. "We need to get our heads away from work and on what's really important—family." "So Dora, will your parents be here Sunday?" Hermione asked. "I think so. Talked to mum yesterday and she wants a phone too. Says she's getting too old to bend down for floo calls." Hermione turned around in her seat and grabbed one. She threw it to Dora. "Here. She can have it for free this time." Hermione grinned. "From what Augusta told me, Minnie wants one each for her teachers. She saw Augusta call Neville from Hogwarts and has been sitting on the fence about it but talked to her today about getting them." Sirius added. They spent the rest of the evening just chatting. When the Grangers arrived for dinner, Dan reminded Sirius of the football game Saturday afternoon. Luckily, it was early enough that he'd get back for the dinner on time. HP Friday morning Harry woke up with Teddy like normal. However, when he got downstairs, Nev was already sitting there with coffee in his hands. "Nervous about what Venus will decide?" Harry laughed, after all he hadn't spent much time asleep last night either. "Yeah." HP The two young men were so nervous for their appointment that they nearly forgot their computers and phones. They apparated to the front entrance where they met Venus last time. She was coming from the back offices as they looked around. "Hello Harry, Neville." She smiled as she shook their hands and led them to her office. After locking and warding the door, they all sat down. She sighed. "So, I've been doing some thinking and talking to my aunt." She laughed at the horrified looks on the men's faces. "Actually, she was quite complimentary of both of you, so don't worry." She smiled as they relaxed. "I've come to the decision that after working here for nearly 25 years, it is time for a change." Both men relaxed infinitesimally at that. "What is your current salary?" Harry asked, remembering Hermione telling him to find out. "Six thousand galleons a year." "Well, we agreed yesterday that if you'd take the job it would be at twenty thousand. Is that good enough?" Neville asked. She was stunned. As far as she knew, she was paid on the higher end for running an orphanage. "H-H-H-How are you going to pay that?" "Well, we're going to fund all of this for two years through an account we're both putting a million galleons each into. We're going to need you there when we open the account so we can all access it. Hopefully by then, we'll have government support and the nursery and dairy farm will be helping as well." Because she looked like she was going to pass out, Harry stopped. "Are you okay Venus?" "You do know that I am one of the most well-paid administrators of an orphanage in Britain, yeah?" "Yeah, but that's not nearly what you're worth." Harry responded. "All right then. The operating budget for this place is 35000 Galleons a year, so I think we'll be okay on budget." They laughed. They continued the conversation by going over the notes the two had made in their brainstorming session. "I like the idea of making it more of a boarding school with staff that truly loves kids. I also really like the ideas about teachers having nicer flats if they're willing to take on extra work. All of this is great but we need to figure out a design to take to the architect." So they sat there deciding on a building that was a more rectangular version of the Tower of London's White Tower. The face of the keep would be the Kentish ragstone that makes up the Tower. It would also have more widows than the White Tower. "If we're going to go with medieval-style architecture, we should do it throughout the property. Outhouses should look medieval on the outside but be completely modern on the inside." She suggested. "Makes sense." Neville said. "I don't know if this will work but I'll run it past you both. What if we were to run electrical wiring through the whole place? Then when Mione and Luna come up with a way to protect whole buildings from electricity fritzing out around magic, we would already be wired for it and could hook it up. What do you think?" "I think you're thinking waaaaaaay bigger that either one of our girls were initially thinking." Harry just burst out laughing. When both he and Neville calmed down, Venus asked. "What does electricity have to do with our construction? I didn't think muggle stuff worked in our world." "Well our brilliant girlfriends figured a way for electronics like phones and computers to work around magic. It's a series of Runes and Charms applied to each device. Do you know WWW in Diagon Alley?" She nodded. "We think you'll be able to get mobile phones, computers and tellies that will work with magic there next week if they come to an agreement with the owners." "I heard Aunt Minnie talking about the mobiles last week." "Do you want one?" Nev asked, reaching behind him to his charmed computer bag, which could now fit anything he wanted. "Of course." She grinned. "Especially if I get it before Auntie." Nev handed her one and they taught her how to work it. After she had called both of them, she said, "So, you could make electric lights work with magic then?" "Well, we'll have to see what the girls can do." Harry replied as they got up to leave. "We'll see you Tuesday at Gringotts in Ted Tonks office at nine, then." He commented as they apparated home for lunch. Everyone was headed to the kitchen to eat when they apparated in. "Good to see you pup." Sirius greeted. "You know you have to be in Wizengamot at half one yeah?" "Yeah. We got caught up talking to the new Head of LAR." Harry grinned as the girls squealed and hugged them. "That's great." Dora enthused as she handed Teddy to Harry. HP The three men headed to Wizengamot at 1.15 to make sure they were there on time. They walked to the chambers without speaking much. When they got there the hall was filled with people standing around talking. They found Gran and a bunch of the Alliance members in one corner. Everyone looked deadly serious. "Well, now that I'm here, it's time to get serious" Sirius said jovially. Several members looked at him like he was crazy, others laughed at the play on his name. "For Merlin's sake, stop acting the fool." Augusta hissed. "He can't. He's never learned how." Amelia grinned ruefully, having experienced his brand of humour at Hogwarts. "Ah, you know me so well." Sirius laid his arm on Amelia's shoulder. "Which means I'm immune to you Black." She gave him a stare and he removed his arm. "Lady Bones, you have to teach me that stare. I can't find anything that will get my godfather to act like a human. Yet that worked." Harry grinned. "Don't worry. I'll teach you Saturday." She smiled serenely as Sirius pouted. The gavel was struck and everyone took their seats and began with all the bureaucratic red tape. Eventually, they started proposing replacements. "Who is the first nomination to take Avery's seat?" The Chief Witch Marchbanks asked. "I nominate Professor Minerva McGonagall. She is a half-blood who has been a staple of our community as the Transfiguration teacher at Hogwarts. She has proven herself an advocate for children for many decades now." Sirius espoused. "I second that motion" Lord Greengrass said. "Are there any other nominations?" Marchbanks asked. "None, then raise your wand lit for yes, unlit for no." Harry looked around, relieved that they got McGonagall on. "I would like to restore the Blishwick's, Doge's, and Ogdens." Gran stood up. "I would also like to split the Malfoy vote into it's original two for Malfoy, two for Prewitt and two for Weasley. This way no one has more than two votes" There was lots of back and forth bickering. Harry noticed that the ones against it were the purebloods that may not have been death eaters but were still on that side of the aisle. Eventually, it came to a vote. By a slight majority, these families were restored and voted in. Nominations for Burke please." Marchbanks asked. "Boot." Lord Greengrass offered. "Seconded." Said King. "Davies" said Bulstrode. "Seconded" said Flint. "Same procedure as before. Lit means yes. Unlit means no. We'll call Boot first" Not nearly enough went up. "Davies." She called. He passed. "Replacing Carrow." "Wood." Lord Abbott nominated. "Seconded" Lord Macmillan claimed. And so it went. Everyone the Longbottom-Potter-Black Alliance wanted got on except for Creevey, Finch-Fletchy and Boot. Those seats were taken by other either neutral or non-Voldemort supporters. To Harry this was a good day. Wizengamot now had McGonagall, Blishwick, Doge, Ogden, Weasley, Prewitt, Lupin, Corner, Granger, Flitwick, Brown, Lovegood, Bell, Dumbledore-Abe, and Wood. After the marathon of voting, Augusta and Neville came back to the Madhouse for dinner. "Merlin, that was hard to keep up with." Nev commented at dinner. "Yes. Sometimes sessions go like that." Gran replied. "Other times they are so boring you want to fall asleep." "So, sort of like Binns' class, yeah?" Harry grinned. Augusta just smiled and nodded. "Did you get everyone you wanted on Wizengamot?" Hermione asked. "Not Colin or Terry Boot. We finally have two first-generation families though and a few half-bloods too." Augusta answered. "Which two?" Luna asked. "Granger and Finch-Fletchy." Harry smiled at his girlfriend. "Does this mean I have to go to all the sessions?" she asked warily. "No. Not if you want to appoint a Proxy." Sirius smiled. "Can you do it Sirius?" "Sure. I'll bring the paperwork home Monday." "Do you know who's going to sit in the Weasley or Prewitt spots yet?" Nev asked. "Arthur is going to sit in the Weasley seat and train Bill to take over. And because Molly is the last Prewitt, that seat will be held in proxy by Arthur until one of the other boys wants it. I think it will be Percy, myself but it might be Charlie." "I don't see Charlie coming home permanently, so it will probably be Percy." Harry contributed as he finished eating and picked up Ted. "Hi little man, how're you today?" He asked his godson. As a reward, he got his cheek pinched. After dinner, Augusta left and everyone else went to the game room to relax. "So, how'd it go with the twins?" Harry asked Hermione and Luna. "Actually, it went quite well." Luna started. "We had an impromptu meeting this morning where we went over our plan. Then this afternoon we got the go ahead for our little stand. We just have to do a little more magicking to make sure we have enough stock." "That's going to be the hard part." Hermione mentioned. "Again, while we were both outside WWW talking to our parents on our mobiles, people came up and asked us about them. We then spent about two hours walking the Alley talking to people about whether they'd use electronic devices in their houses if they could. We got what seemed like a billion yeses and no no's." She shook her head. "Everything feels like it's moving too fast. We've been home for seven weeks now. We've buried our family, gone to Australia to bring family home, fixed the electronics working with magic problem, started a business and are about to start actively running a business. Oh, and we can't forget the proposal we made to Professor McGonagall. Not only all that but you two have been learning about your family fortunes and started your own business. It all feels like it's moving too fast." She sighed as she sat back on the divan. "Do you feel like you need to slow down?" Harry asked. He was concerned that she sounded a lot like she did before OWLs. She had that worried quality to her voice that he didn't like. It meant she was really close to the edge and possibly screaming at everyone. "Yes, but I can't" She put down the laptop she was working on and picked up a VCR. Harry looked at Sirius, Dora and Luna and Neville and saw the concern on their faces as well. "Why?" Sirius asked. "Because if either one of us slows down we won't have enough stockpile." Hermione retorted frustratedly. "Where is the one place you like to visit when you get a chance?" Luna asked, completely off topic. "Huh?" Hermione was confused. "Where do you like to go to relax?" She rephrased. "The Tower. Why?" she answered. "The six of us are going to the Tower of London tomorrow morning." Luna declared. At the uproar of it being the Alliance dinner day, it being too late to plan a trip and other such tripe, Luna stared each person down. It was rather scary for the boys to see this dominant personality coming from quiet little Luna. "That's enough." She yelled in the same tone she used during the Battle. "My sister is so stressed out she is having difficulty calming down. We WILL be taking her to her favorite spot to relax. She needs a break—and quite frankly, so do we. We'll be back by five tomorrow. Dobby will take care of all the plans for dinner. People aren't arriving until six-thirty, therefore we will have plenty of time to get ready." "Yes Luna." Said Harry, Neville, Sirius and Dora simultaneously. Hermione burst out crying, went over to Luna and grabbed her in a hug. "Thanks, little sister." She smiled through her tears. "I'd do anything for family." Luna just shrugged as though it was no big deal. But to Hermione, who had never had a girlfriend care for her, it was a big deal. She knew that Harry and Ron had cared about her since first year, but she'd never had a female friend she was as close to. It was a really good, warm feeling. She hung on to Luna for a few seconds while she got herself under control. When she sat down next to Harry, he put one arm around her and pulled her close. "I love you Mione." "I love you too Harry." HP They got up Saturday morning and had a very quick breakfast. They then apparated to near the Tower and walked to get tickets to the Beefeater guided tour. They spent all morning hearing about the lives of the prisoners like Anne Boleyn, Elizabeth I and the Princes in the Tower. It was fascinating for the purebloods to learn so much history. As they walked into the Bloody Tower, they were astonished by the story of the Princes. After the tour, Hermione was beaming. "This is why I love history. It's the story of our past. It's just too bad Binns won't talk about anything but Goblin Wars because history can be so interesting." Hermione enthused. Harry nodded as he assimilated all the information he had received on the tour. "Henry VIII was a real bastard, wasn't he?" He asked Mione. She laughed. "Yes, but he was Queen Elizabeth's dad, so he couldn't be too bad." "He had her mum killed!" Dora exclaimed. "If that's not torture, I don't know what is." "The War of the Roses sounds like it'd be interesting to study." Neville suggested. "I want to know more about the Tower's history." Sirius supplied. "I'd like to learn more about Henry's wives and why they ended up like they did." Luna added. Hermione looked at her watch; it was 2 o'clock. "Why don't we eat then find a Waterstone's and we can get books on these things?" she smiled. She was ever so happy they'd enjoyed the trip and were interested in finding out more. Over lunch, she filled them in on some of the highlights of Henry VIII marriages. "You mean to tell me he married his brother's wife?" Sirius squeaked. "Yes Sirius. He married his dead brother's wife." Hermione laughed at the look on his face. "Ewwww." When they got to Waterstone's, they headed for the British History section and she began recommending books. Sirius noted that all her frustrations that he saw in her face the last couple days were slowly disappearing. He was also enjoying listening to her teach because she was telling stories—not the boring stuff Binns did. "Maybe you should be a History teacher, Mione." Sirius suggested. "Why?" She looked confused. "You're good at telling stories so people understand it." "Come to think of it," Harry said. "Your favorite book is Hogwarts: A History, you'd be good at this." "Huh. I never thought of that." She went into thinking mode. "I've always thought I'd do something with Creature rights, not teaching. But if I'm on Wizengamot, I can help change laws so the other magic users don't get left out of society while teaching." She paused at the counter to pay for her 20-30 books. "Ma'am, are you sure you're going to be able to carry all these bags?" the clerk asked. "That's why there are three men here." Hermione smiled and the clerk laughed as the men started pouting as their stuff was rung up. Outside, she shrunk her purchases and stored them in her bag. After Waterstone's they apparated home. "That was fun." Harry said as they all walked up to the library and dropped their purchases, knowing Hermione would want to catalogue them and put them in their proper places. As they walked downstairs, Harry caught up to Luna. "Thanks for thinking of today. She needed that." He grinned. "Actually, I think all of us needed that—even Teddy. Did you notice he stayed awake for most of the tour?" "Yes. He was fascinated with the guards—what were they called—Beefeaters that's right!" "He's out like a light now." Dora contributed as she met them to go downstairs. "It's four-thirty, I'm going to have some tea—want to join?" "Sure." They agreed as they walked to the kitchen where Sirius and Neville were already drinking tea. "So, I think Mione's back to herself." Sirius commented. "I think so too." Harry smiled as he drank his tea. "I think we may need to do that every few weeks just so we don't all get as frustrated as we were." Nev supplied. "Yeah. I think we all needed the break." Dora spoke up. Once they finished their tea, it was time to get ready for the party. At half six, Sirius, Neville, Harry, and Augusta were at the sitting room fire waiting for the first arrivals. They moved each guest out to the terrace as more arrived. Everyone was there by 6.45, so they were out on the terrace talking to Hannah Abbott when Sirius cleared his throat. "Hello everyone. Welcome to the Madhouse. I suppose we should have the meeting before dinner, so take any seat at the tables laid out here and we'll get started." After everyone was seated, he handed out a list of names. "These are the new members to Wizengamot. While we, as an Alliance, have chosen not to engage our Heirs in the day to day working of the alliance, we have decided to update you once a month with a dinner like this." He waved his hand around. "We do want your opinion on who to offer Alliance to." He paused. "So, which ones will fit in with our Alliance?" "Hermione, the Lovegood's and Professor McGonagall." Harry chimed in. "Weasley's" Neville said. "Wood and Bell." Hannah contributed. "Lupin." Dora said. "If Teddy's going to be involved, he better ally with his godfather." Everyone laughed, being that the Heir to the Lupin seat was currently in Harry's arms and they were making faces at each other. "Okay. Should we vote on each name?" Sirius asked. "Seconded." Came from someone. And the voting began. Everyone got in with a few like Bell only passing with a bare majority. "So now that official business is over." Sirius said with a mischievous look on his face. "The games begin. Everyone goes around, state your name and what you want to see most change in the government in the next few years." At this there was a communal groan. "I'll start. I'm Sirius Black and I'd like to see less corruption." They each went around and while the older generation was a little reticent to speak, after all it could be used against you in future, the younger crowd was more into it. Susan Bones said she'd like to see both 'factions' work together for everyone's gain. Hermione said she'd like to see equal representation of all magical species. At this the older generation looked fearful while the younger just laughed-they remembered SPEW. Hannah said she'd like to see changes at Hogwarts. They did everyone—Sirius made sure everyone had their say whether they wanted it or not. After that exercise, they shared a meal. Devon came over and sat with Harry and Neville. He played with Teddy while he ate. Soon it was time for everyone to leave and Neville, Harry, Sirius and Augusta made a reception line as people left. After the last person was gone everyone went into the drawing room and sat down. "You all realise it is now 10.30? We have been up since 6 o'clock this morning, been through the Tower of London, been to a bookstore with Hermione and Luna which took forever, and had an informal dinner for Alliance members. All in one day. I think this is the busiest day since the day after the Battle." Sirius claimed. "I wouldn't be surprised. Look at Teddy. He's out for the count. He may even sleep all night." Harry looked sadly at him. "Why so sad, pup?" "He's getting so big, soon he won't need me at six anymore." Harry was disappointed. "Yes, he will." Dora assured him. "All the books say that even if he doesn't need midnight or two am feedings, he'll need his six o'clock or 'wake up feed' at the same time. So, don't worry." She smiled as Harry brightened up. "Well, I'm off to bed." Nev pushed himself out of the chair. "Anyone wakes me—they're bantha fodder." He laughed. He really liked Star Wars. Luna got up soon after, then Hermione and Harry. Soon, it was just Dora and Sirius. "Siri, I'd like to thank you for giving Teddy a seat on Wizengamot." She said seriously. "Why? I would've named Remus if he was here. Teddy has my best friend's blood in his veins. He is family and I will take care of him as such." He replied determinedly. "It means a lot to me that you've done it and that you've brought Mum and me back into the family. Mum is so excited. She got the notice yesterday and called me on Dad's phone to tell me. By the way, she wants a phone." Dora laughed. "Well, I'm sure she can get one from Mione." He laughed. HP The next day saw the whole house, including Teddy sleep until eight o'clock. Eventually, Harry heard crying on his wand and went into Sirius' room. Teddy wasn't there however. Not really worrying about it, he went to the nursery to find Teddy playing with his feet. "Okay bud. Did you not wake up last night for food?" He asked the blue-haired boy as he picked him up. Like usual when Harry picked him up, his eyes turned green and his hair cycled the rainbow until it hit jet black. Harry changed and fed him in the nursery, then they went downstairs to start breakfast. Teddy was no longer only in his bouncer in the kitchen. He was now in the swing next to the island. Usually though, he wanted in the bouncer at some point to see what Harry was up to. Everyone came down to eat right as breakfast was ready. The rest of the family was planning on having a relaxing morning working on electronics when the young men decided to go out with Teddy. They took him to Hogsmeade where they found a toy store with lots of stuff for babies such as a stuffed hippogriff, a small quaffle and such. Each man brought home a bag or two with toys in them. They came home around lunch and went swimming afterwards with Teddy because Dora finally okayed it. As Harry walked into the pool, he held Teddy in front with his toes skimming the water. As he giggled and kicked his feet, Harry put him in even further. They played like this for a half hour or so and when Teddy got tired, Harry put him to bed. It was after Teddy went to bed that Harry noticed no one was downstairs. He went up to the game room and saw that everyone was working on some electronic project. "Hey, have you taught everyone but me how to do the Runes and Charms?" He asked Mione. "Yes. While you were in the pool, we were doing this." Mione said irritably. "Can you please count how many of each device we have?" "Sure." He went over to the finished and shrunk pile. He started with computers. "You have twenty computers, 35 phones, 15 tellies, 15 VCR's, and 25 CD players." He told her. "That'll have to do." She huffed as she put her telly and VCR down. He sat next to Mione. "I'm sure that is plenty for the first week love." "I sure hope so." She cuddled into his side as she relaxed. HP A little while later, they all heard the floochime and the "Hello, Hello," from the twins so they came downstairs. "Hey guys." Harry said as he saw the twins heading outside. "Heya Harry. Where are " Fred started "our business partners? Are they" "too busy for family time?" "We're right here." Hermione answered from behind Harry. "And no, we have enough stock for the first few days and we've got our first employee." She added as they headed to the Quidditch pitch. "Who?" "Dora." Luna replied. "We're paying her in babysitting." "And it's working out brilliantly, isn't it ladies?" Asked Dora from behind them as she put an arm around each. "Yup. We've got our own babysitter over there." Said Hermione as she pointed to Harry holding Teddy headed their way with some more red-heads and a few adults. As everyone appeared for Quidditch, Hermione asked Andi, "Did you want a phone like Ted's?" "That would be wonderful." She said as they sat down at a table and took her grandson from Harry. "When we go back to the house, I'll set one up and give you a phone list." Hermione smiled as Teddy played with Andi's fingers. He'd taken to playing with anyone's hands. He'd sit there for minutes on end moving your fingers around if you let him, which Andi did. "You are such a cute little stinker." She smiled as she let him play. "I understand that you and Luna are opening your own shop with these new devices. Is that true or is Ted just wishing?" "No. It's true. We've got all sorts of equipment magicked so it'll work around magic. We've been building up stock so we won't run out on the first day." "Well, good for you. I'm glad to see you taking some initiative and using that brain for something besides grades." She smiled at Mione as she blushed. "What are you planning on doing after Hogwarts?" she asked as the other adults, Nev and Luna sat down between the pavilion and pitch where the tables were located. "Well, we have this company that'll probably need our attention, see?" Hermione said playfully. "By then the shop should be either dead or self-sufficient." Luna countered. "I think you should be thinking beyond that." "Well, then there's Wizengamot and trying to further peace between magical species." "Yes, but once this summer's over Wizengamot only meets once a month." Augusta refuted. "Well, maybe I'll go into the Creatures department at the ministry." She was getting a little frustrated. "Sorry to shoot you down again but if everything works the way we hope, that department will be closed." Sirius stated. However, he noticed that she was going from frustrated to a little panicky. "I think you should teach history." Luna said. "The boys keep saying how you are the only one capable of staying awake in History and yesterday proves you love it, so why not teach it. And when you're not teaching, we can experiment with magic." She and Hermione smiled at the idea. "We know Harry and Nev are going to go for their masteries in Defence and Herbology. I might get my Mastery in Charms and maybe we can teach part-time and experiment part time until people retire." As she kept talking, she and Hermione kept getting more and more excited until they were hugging and laughing as though no one else was there. "It seems obvious now that that's what we should do. It just makes sense." Hermione laughed with her best girl friend. "Well, I'm glad to see you have your whole life planned out at 18." Dan said amusingly. Hermione just rolled her eyes at her dad. That evening, Hermione gave Andi and Molly lessons about how to use their new phones. Dora was not happy, claimed that she'd never get left alone if her mum had her number. And it turned out to be true, Andi called her that night to say goodnight! HP The next morning, Hermione and Luna were both up at the crack of dawn. They met in the kitchen as Dobby handed out hot cocoa to them both. "Couldn't sleep?" Hermione asked. "Nope. It's like the night before the Express every year. I can never sleep then either." Luna replied. Hermione laughed at that. "I'm terrified we're going to screw this up. Neither one of us are good salespeople so I don't know how we're going to sell anything. Didn't sleep yourself?" "No. I'm also scared we'll not make this work" Deciding not to brood, that was Harry's thing, she looked at the clock: 5.30. "Well, I s'pose we should make breakfast and make a take-away lunch so we don't have to leave if we're too busy." She sighed as she got off the island stool and got into the fridge. "Why don't you make breakfast and I'll make lunch." Luna suggested when they heard a snap and they froze in place. "Listen here! This is my kitchen. Just because Harry Potter Sir gets to make breakfast, doesn't mean everyone does." Dobby looked both women in the eyes very sternly. "Yous will sit at the island or table and drink cocoa or you will leave my kitchen. Do yous understands?" he snapped his fingers and they unfroze. "That was not nice Dobby!" Hermione screeched. "It is not nice to take over elf's jobs!" The little guy glared. Deciding not to fight just now, Hermione took another sip of cocoa. "Fine." She grumbled. "Dobby, could you please make us lunch so we don't have to come home today?" Luna asked in her sweetest voice. "Dobby will bring it to you when lunch is served today." He agreed as he whirled around the kitchen. Neither girl had actually watched Dobby cook before. They found it fascinating. He combined both magical and non-magical ways of cooking. Sooner than they imagined, both girls were on their fourth cup of cocoa and the family was sitting down to breakfast. "So, you ready for your grand opening today?" Dora asked. "We think so." Luna smiled tentatively. "We're going to set up this morning and officially open around ten." Looking at the clock, she noticed it was nearly eight and neither were going to eat anymore. "We're going to leave, I think." She looked at Hermione who nodded. "Wait!" Harry yelled as he got up. "We'll come with." The girls stopped on their way out the door, Hermione turning around said crossly "Well then hurry up. We're leaving now." Both men took one more bite and got up to leave. "See ya!" Sirius yelled around his food as Teddy whined loudly. Harry rushed back in, kissed him on the head and rushed back out as Sirius laughed at Harry for coming back—of course he did the same thing for Harry as a little one too, so he had no leg to stand on. HP When everyone arrived at WWW, they started setting up. The twins had an extra display stand that they brought out for MIT to use. The boys started packing the displays with a lot of devices. On top they had a phone, computer and CD player. Next to it was a large screen telly with a VCR. They set Return of the Jedi playing on the telly with the sound muted. They put the Beatles' Please Please Me on the CD and turned it up. The girls set up a modern, and electronic, cash register. Of course, it was stocked with wizard money, not paper. The twins had donated a flashy advert for the window of the store. Want to know how to mix magic and electronics? Ask inside! And because it was designed by the twins, it was coloured with all the colours of the rainbow. At precisely 10 o'clock, they opened for business and there was already a line asking if the advert was true. Could mobiles work with magic? They had a group of about a dozen customers when Hermione's mobile rang. She answered. "Hello." "Hi love. Thought they'd want a demonstration." Harry offered from across the store. She put the phone down. "The person just calling me is over there." She pointed at Harry as they all looked over. He waved. "Hey everyone." He yelled. "Yes it works." He came closer. "We got a call from inside Hogwarts on one of these." He said. "What if we find it doesn't work?" someone in the back of the crowd asked. "Bring it back. We'll refund the price." Hermione smiled thanks at Harry. Everyone wanted one, at least a mobile. Hermione made the transactions, Luna taught the new users how to make calls, and Nev and Harry were restocking. They found a lot of muggleborn classmates were buying phones or computers and found themselves talking about being able to use them at Hogwarts. Hermione's standard reply was "There's no logical reason we can't use them there. Unfortunately, I don't know if the staff will approve it." At about 11, Mione and Luna started asking their customers whether they were muggleborn, half and half or pureblood. They were interested in who was actually buying these items. At lunch, when they closed the display and went to the twins' workroom to eat Dobby's meal, Harry commented. "We need more mobiles. Do we have all of them or did we leave some at home?" "We left some at home and Dora said she'd try to get more done." Hermione said biting her lip. "What are you thinking love?" Harry asked. "Just wondering if we need more than Dora doing this." She replied. "Dobby might be willing to help." Luna offered. "We'll have to pay him and he can't be overworked running the Madhouse and doing this." Hermione stipulated. "That goes without saying." Harry smiled, knowing how she felt about Elves. Hermione had not been herself recently. After they figured out the secret to the Runes and Charms, she'd been a little depressed. He thought it had something to do with the fact that she wasn't exercising her mind like she had been. She needed a puzzle to truly make her happy. Running a business like this would be challenging for a time, but they really needed to get someone who could take over the managing of the business end soon. Fred came in then. "Guys if you're going to need more storage space, we're going to have to put extendable charms in the warehouse." He grinned. "However, I don't see you being able to keep much stock on hand. There's another group out there looking at our wares because you aren't out there." Hermione was terrified. "Oh Merlin!" she said as she jumped up to head out. "Mione, finish your lunch. Nev and I will handle this crowd. Harry, you go get the mobiles. We'll need them." Luna said in her deceptively calm voice. Hermione instantly calmed down. Damn, how does Luna do that? She asked herself as she ate. HP Around three o'clock, they decided to close their display. They had sold out of all their phones and most of their computers. They sold one or two CD players and one telly and VCR. The four youngsters had had enough for the day and needed to replenish their stock. The twins decided that they would call the Madhouse to see if they needed more hands to do the Rune and Charm work after they closed. Nev commented on the way out "This shop across from WWW is empty. It might make a good place to move to when you get to that stage." "Yes. It might." Luna sighed as she apparated home. HP When they got home, Dora, Teddy and Dobby were in the kitchen magicking the phones. "Hello Dobby, Dora." Luna said quietly. "Did you get many phones done today?" "Hey guys." Dora smiled as Harry took his godson from his bouncer. "Yes, we got a lot of phones done. With both of us working, we got 30 phones done. They're all up in the game room ready to go. I bought another 50 phones that we can do. How many did you sell today?" "All of our stock." Hermione smiled. "It was amazing. It started with a half dozen people at first that didn't believe it'd work until Harry here got the brilliant idea of calling me to prove it worked. Then people were coming in because they'd been told by friends on the Alley about it." "A lot of people said they'd be back in the next few days with their parents. They suggested that we get some Ninetendo 64's to magick. I'm hoping you Dora can get some tomorrow. Also get some –" Luna was looking through the kitchen and held up an electric mixer. "of these. I want to add kitchen appliances too." "You should get a toaster and microwave too." Harry opined. Hermione had her laptop out and was typing as fast as they were talking. "Is there anything else we might need to buy?" She asked as she finished typing. "No. I don't think so." Nev said as Hermione took her laptop to the study. A few minutes later, she came out with a printed list of what and how many they should have on hand. "Is there any reason you can't go buy some of these things tomorrow Dora?" Hermione asked as she handed her the sheet. "Sure. But I don't know where to go." She replied. "Go to London to Harrod's. They should have everything you need." She smiled as she laid her head on her arms. "I'm tired. I want a nap." She mumbled. Harry took her by the shoulder. "Let's go up and take a nap, love." He whispered as he kissed her temple. He took her hand and led her upstairs where they took a nap. Harry woke up about an hour later. While looking down at Hermione, he realised how relaxed she looked while sleeping. He hadn't seen her even close to this relaxed since they'd gotten back from Australia. Maybe they needed a vacation soon. He got up and went to the game room where the family was congregating. Nev and Luna were cuddled up on the divan working on phones, as were Dobby and Dora, with Teddy in his bouncer. As usual, when he saw Harry he started squealing and waving his arms. And, of course, Harry headed to him to pick up. He laid on the floor and let Teddy do tummy-time on his stomach. "It's so funny. We can be here working our fingers numb and you come up and pick up the kid. You don't even pretend to work. Teddy was fine in his bouncer until you came in." Nev laughed at the guilty look on his friend's face. He started to get up, having realised that he had just started doing what was fun rather than what was needed. "No. Don't get up." Dora said. "He's been wanting you all day. He's looking around for his playmate and Dobby and I haven't had time to play. He's either been in his bouncer or on his playmat today. He needs some physical attention." "Okay. Guess I'm here with you bud." He said to the boy as he lifted his head to see his godfather's face. "Yes, you're such a good boy, aren't you little man? Your Aunt Mione and Aunt Luna are so tired after their day of selling products. You wouldn't believe how many people wanted their stuff today. It was amazing." He started making faces as Teddy laughed. "You are way too cute. Especially with that grin—all the girls are going to fall for you." He put Teddy back on his playmat and set the toys spinning for him. "You know, if you do that, he'll never learn to reach for them." Dora explained. "Fine." He mumbled as he canceled the spell. He looked at the clock and realised he should get to work on the phones. He started adding the Runes and Charms to the phone. "I wonder why Gran and Sirius didn't insist we have a lesson today." He pondered aloud "They told me yesterday that they knew you two were going to be busy with the display today, so decided to cancel the regular lesson." Dora contributed. "Makes sense." Neville added. "They'd know we were not very likely to concentrate when we wanted to be there for Luna and Hermione." Later that evening they received a firecall from Headmistress McGonagall telling them that the Board would be meeting about the proposal they had made and would like to hear from them on Thursday night. Sirius then invited the Board to the Madhouse for dinner and the presentation. He felt the kids, especially Hermione, would stress less about it in the familiar environment.
A/N I love the reviews, especially the ones that correct me. As I am going to go through all the chapters to fix them and reupload them over my X-mas break (I'm a sub), I really appreciate your help. I'm hoping to upload next Sunday but I'm trying to rewrite a scene I don't like in the next chapter. Hopefully I'll make my schedule! A/N 2: Hope all the Americans had a good Thanksgiving. My freshman in college came home from southern California, so mine was great! Ch. 13 Tuesday 23 June 1998 Tuesday morning, the young men woke up earlier than usual. They met downstairs in the kitchen. "Hey Nev. You ready for our meeting with Ted and Venus today?" Harry asked. "Yeah. Did you ever write the things we wanted to discuss with them down?" "Yeah. Sunday night. Let's make sure we bring my computer, yeah?" He smiled, thinking of the changes this technology could make in their lives. "You know, we've got some amazing girlfriends, right?" "Yeah but what specifically are you talking about?" Nev smiled. "They're smarter than anyone else in the world, they're beautiful, care about everyone and for some unknown reason love the two of us. There's nothing special about us, so why us? How'd we get so lucky?" Harry asked. "I have absolutely no idea but I don't plan on wasting it." Nev replied seriously. Harry cracked an egg and looked up at his best mate. "What's that supposed to mean?" "I'm gonna ask Luna to marry me before we go back to school." The look of determination on Nev's face would have scared him if he didn't know the man. Harry chuckled as he went back to preparing breakfast. "I'm gonna ask Mione too." Nev laughed. "Great minds and all that." Dobby popped in then. "Harry Potter Sir, Master Teddy is awake. I cans take over here while you get him." "Oh no!" Harry groaned as he put the pan down. "Better get the little man or he'll have a fit." He muttered as he walked away. "Dobby?" Nev asked. "Yes Master Neville." "Why does your English sound better than it did when Sirius first hired you?" Dobby became tense. "There's nothing wrong. I was just wondering." "Well, if Is going to be Harry Potter Sir's elf, it would be bad if I didn't speak properly." He answered. "So who's teaching you?" "Mitzy." He said fearfully. "Please don't hurt her." "Our Mitzy? At Longbottom Estate?" "Yes Master Neville. Is asked her to and she agreed to give me lessons on Mondays when you're there." "That's great Dobby. Good for you." Nev smiled at the little guy's initiative. "You aren't angry Master Neville? You wonts hurt her?" Dobby was wringing his hands. "Dobby, please look at me." Dobby looked at Nev with a worried expression. Nev looked into his eyes. "We never hurt our house elves. We would never do that. In fact, I'm glad she's helping you. You and Mitzy are both very good house elves." At that Dobby jumped on his leg saying "Thank you, thank you, thank you." Harry and Teddy walked in with the rest of the family to eat breakfast. For Nev it was an interesting concept to think of these people as family. Besides his Gran, he'd never really felt like he had an actual family. Sure, he had his Uncle Algie and relatives like that, but family, no. These odd people were his family, he thought as he sat down to eat with them. HP After breakfast, the young men and women left the Madhouse for Diagon Alley. When they got to WWW, the men helped their girlfriends get their cart ready with all the equipment they had magicked last night. When they were done, they gave the girls kisses and left for Gringotts. "Wow." Harry whispered under his breath. "Do you realise Nev that we have dropped off our girlfriends at their own business and are about to consult on our own and we're not even 18 yet?" Nev just shook his head. "I know. Weird isn't it?" he asked "I wonder when they're going to need or want to expand. I mean, they have a lot of stock now and are going to need more room than that little cart they have. I saw the shop across from WWW is for rent, maybe we should bring it up to them soon." "Yeah. We should probably wait until they bring it up. Mione has this need to control things. If she doesn't see the need for it, she won't even think of it. I just hope she's learned not to run herself into the ground like she did third year." "Yeah, that was bad." Nev snickered as they walked into Gringotts and to Ted's office. They knocked and Trainee Swordback came to the door. "Good morning Trainee Swordback. May you always see where deals can be made." Harry said as he bowed. "May your ventures always be profitable, Harry." "May your gold always grow Trainee Swordback." Nev greeted. "May your life be long and profitable, Neville." Ted came out from around his desk. "So boys. I understand you have hired a Head for your orphanage, yeah?" He questioned. "You know we have." Harry rolled his eyes. They had discussed this at dinner on Sunday. Ted laughed. "And I called her yesterday to make sure she was coming today." Just as he finished saying that, a knock was heard at the door. Trainee Swordback brought Venus back in and all five of them sat at a table to go over their ideas. "Nev and I have done some talking over the weekend and think our next step is to find architects to work with." Harry started. "That makes sense." Ted agreed. "I can talk to some of my contacts here at Gringotts and find a few to interview if you want?" "That sounds great." Nev enthused. "Maybe we can use the mock drawings we made on Friday to get us started." "How many orphans are you planning to taking in at a time?" Venus asked. "I don't know. How many does Hufflepuff House have?" Harry returned. "We have space for 20 children of each group." Venus answered. "Is that too many or can you see taking more?" Nev wanted to know. "Well, that is all we can physically handle. I'm just wondering how many you want to house because we can adjust the size of the place to fit if we want." "We don't want to house them. Any orphanage can do that. We want this to be their home." Harry sighed. "Look, each time I left Hogwarts every June, I felt as though I was leaving home for just a place to sleep. I don't want that for these kids. I want them to look forward to coming back. I want them to bond with the staff because they feel loved. If that means we limit it to eighty kids, great. That just means we're going to need to build more of these places. However, if you think we can take more and still have staff to children ratios low, then let's do that." All during this speech, Nev saw Venus calculating whether they could take more. "I think we should aim to home at most 160 and see how that goes." "That means we need to house 40 kids per tower. Plus, one flat in each tower should have an adult." Nev reminded. "Forty kids per tower with 2 kids sharing each room. That's twenty rooms if we have 40 kids—to make them big enough and have their own bathroom, we should probably limit them to 4 rooms a floor. Each room would be 450 square feet with bath so that'd be 1800 square feet per floor. Of course, then there is the adult flat at the top that should be at least 1000 square feet. So that's 5 floors each 1800 square feet plus one with 1000 square feet flat." "That's bigger than some muggle homes." Ted said. "I think you might be thinking too large boys. You also need dining space, office space, a game room and classrooms—all in one building." "However," Venus looked encouraging. "Let's start there and see how much it would cost to do it." Harry looked at her seriously. "Are we being overly ambitious?" "No, I don't believe so. However, nothing has been done on this scale before that I am aware of. Hufflepuff House is the largest one I've seen and you're talking much larger than that. I told Auntie what you were planning at dinner Sunday. She warned me to keep you in check because otherwise you would try to and I quote house the world." She answered laughed at the looks of horror on their faces. "What? Did you think I'd not talk to Aunt Minnie about this?" She shook her head as the young men just sat there shocked. "It's not that you shouldn't talk to your Aunt about your job. It's that Harry and I have trouble with the fact that you are related to the Lioness of Gryffindor. You may not be aware but to a first year student, she's scary." Nev sighed. She shook her head. Her Aunt had a reputation at Hogwarts but, maybe because she was her Aunt, Venus never saw that scary Lioness. Of course, she was a Hufflepuff herself! "Let's look at the designs again and firm them up. Then maybe you can take me out to the property to look it over and see where we'd want to situate it." "Good idea." Harry agreed as he got his computer out and they started building their virtual orphanage. They placed the four towers and orientated both the bedrooms and common rooms in their correct places. They played with the entrances to the towers being on the ground floor and using stairways and corridors for getting to the classrooms. "We really need to make this simpler than getting around at Hogwarts because some of these kids will be really little and not be able to handle a complex system of hallways and corridors." Nev said. They just kept throwing out ideas and had a fairly good map of what they wanted the place to look like after two hours. When Neville, Venus and Harry were satisfied that they could take their draft to an architect, they decided to go to the property. When they got there and Venus realised they would take an overview on brooms, she was nervous. "Harry, I'll ride with you because I've heard of Neville's exploits on a broom." Both men laughed. "But, remember, I've heard of your exploits too so no dangerous stunt while I'm on board!" she sounded like the Professor, so he just had to tease. "Okay. I'll wait until we're done to give you a real ride." He grinned cheekily at her as she scowled. Then he sighed. "Fine. No stunts. Happy?" He asked grouchily. "Very much." She replied as they set out and found where they wanted to put the main road and the actual home. HP They arrived back at WWW around noon as the women were closing down for lunch. "Hi Mione." Harry said as he gave her a kiss. "Hi love." She kissed him back as she finished up with a customer. As he put his arms around her from behind, someone asked "Are you two going out?" Harry looked around and saw Lavender Brown in the shop. He smiled as Mione rested on him. "Hey Lav. Yes, we are." "That's so interesting." She smiled back. "When did that happen?" "After the battle." Mione replied as she closed up the cart. The quartet then walked to the back room to eat the lunch Dobby must have brought. There was a table with four places set and a steaming lunch. "Thank Merlin for Dobby." Mione muttered as she sat down. "Yeah. That little guy knows exactly what we need, when we need it." Harry smiled as all four started to eat. "So, how did this morning go?" he asked both women. "Well, I can say that I truly hate selling things." Mione complained. "You have to explain everything multiple times. Quite frankly, we need more space than the little cart. I noticed this morning that people coming to our cart were impeding traffic in the store. I'm thinking we get a license and move it out onto the Alley itself. It's not fair to Fred and George." "And we need more workers." Luna added. "And more room. The cart just isn't big enough." Harry and Nev looked at each other, both thinking of their conversation this morning. "What would you girls think of moving the shop to right across the alley?" Harry asked. Luna and Hermione looked at each other curiously. "We've been talking in the break times we've had about just handing our idea off to a store manager and having them run it. Then each time we figure out how to magic an item, we can teach it to the staff and they can do it." "Or we could have a front store staff that just sells these gadgets and a back staff that just converts them." Mione paused, biting her lip. "Or we could cross train them to do both jobs and when they're not selling, they're converting. But we'd need a manager that has already had experience running a store." Harry went to the floor and brought back Fred. "What can I do for you?" Fred asked. "I was wondering if you'd run into anyone who has experience managing a store and would want to run a shop for us?" Harry asked. "Are you thinking about expanding?" He returned. "Do you think it's too soon?" Luna asked. "Merlin no. I think you'd be crazy not to expand. You can only sell so much from that tiny cart. We gave you that because we thought you'd outgrow it soon and it would force you to either become businesswomen or throw in the towel. Honestly, I bet you'd expand as soon as you saw how busy you'd be. George thought you'd throw in the towel. Lee, Angelina, Percy, Audrey, and Fleur were with me. Ron, Bill and Charlie were with George. I win!" Everyone laughed at that as Mione rolled her eyes and muttered "Honestly, you bet on everything!" "Yes, we do!" Fred grinned. "As to a manager, I would actually suggest Angelina. She's spent the last two years taking business classes at a muggle college while she tries out for Quidditch teams. She's always talked about going into stocks strading, I think it's called, if this Quidditch thing doesn't work. She might be able to run the store for you." Hermione laughed. "It's called stock trading, Fred. Maybe we could talk to the rental office today and see how much it'd cost to rent and take a look at it and talk to Angie tonight." "Would you like our new employee Brian to watch the cart for you this afternoon?" Fred asked. At the look of relief on their faces, he laughed. "You guys are not really sales people. It's been really fun watching you flounder but, since you won me the bet, I'll front you Brian for the rest of the week. Just keep it stocked, yeah?" Hermione got up and gave him a hug. "Thank you, Fred. I love the research but hate the selling." As they finished lunch, Harry and Nev headed to the ministry for the first meeting of the Awards Committee that Nev headed while their loves went to the Diagon Alley Rental Office with Fred to look into the shop across the alley. By the time the young men got to the conference room Sirius has booked for them, it was half one. Sirius was there to greet them. "Hey boys. How'd it go today?" he asked as they sat at the round table. "Well, we took Venus out to the site and decided where it would go. We also finished up our mock up for the architect." Harry said. "Then we had lunch with the girls and they decided they were going to look into renting the place across the alley and hiring a staff. Angelina may be coming to dinner tonight to 'interview' for a store manager position." Nev finished. Sirius' eyes widened as they kept talking. "Sounds like a busy day." He shook his head. "I thought I would stay for the first part of this meeting, maybe the first 10 minutes, to make sure they don't eat you both." "We wouldn't eat them." Charles Abbott said. "Gnaw on them but not eat them." He laughed as he came in. "Just remember. My godson killed Voldemort and Nev killed Voldemort's familiar." Sirius grinned as Charles went a little green. The members of the Awards Committee were: Silas Greengrass, Aldrich Ollivander, Terry Boot, Tonks, Hestia Jones, Bill Weasley, Ernest Macmillan, Henry Slughorn, Nev, Harry, and Charles Abbott. "Welcome everyone. My name is Neville Longbottom. I fought at the Battle at the Ministry in 1996 and the Battle of Hogwarts. I'd like us all to go around and introduce ourselves in case everyone has not met. Starting to my right. Just say your name and what you did during the war." "My name's Bill Weasley. I worked at Gringotts and fought at the Battle of Hogwarts." And thus, introductions began. It finally ended with "I'm Harry Potter and I fought at the Battle at the Ministry and the Battle of Hogwarts." He said quietly, looking at his hands on the table. Everyone started chuckling at the absurdity of the statement. Eventually, Harry looked up and everyone was looking back at him. "What?" he asked. "Does he really not understand what he did?" Ollivander asked. "Yes." Bill laughed softly. "He doesn't get what he did for all of us. But it's no use explaining it. I've tried." "Look." Harry said, letting a little edge into his voice. "I did what was right. I got rid of the bloody bastard. End of story." "Yes. Well. Thank you, son." Charles said. "Okay." Nev began. "I understand that there are three classes of Order of Merlin's. I suggest we add a fourth class or a different name for the award for anyone who was wounded in both wars be awarded at least third class. Does anyone disagree?" "I don't disagree with the concept but what do we call it?" Dora asked. Everyone threw out names and they were each debated. Eventually, around 5.00, they agreed on Dragon Heart. They also decided on a Horntail Dragon on a red background. "Okay, we've come up with the design. I'll have an artist friend do a mock-up for next week and we can name who gets one. Is there a master list of those wounded we could use?" Nev asked. "I know there is for the First war and I think the Ministry is putting one together for this war." Charles said. "Okay, I'll get copies of those for us next week." Nev stood up. "Thank you all for your service on this committee. See you next week." And the meeting broke up. The boys walked to the floo in silence and floo'd home as soon as possible. HP Harry did a 'Point me Teddy' and found him in the drawing room with Andi. Nev sat down and groaned. Harry picked Teddy out of the swing and sat down next to Nev. Andi smiled. "You two look exhausted." She finally said. "We had our first Awards Meeting today." Nev sighed. "I know. That's why I'm here babysitting Teddy." "Well, you try to get 10 stubborn people to agree on anything. Not possible." "That fun, huh?" she chuckled. "So what'd you decide?" "We decided on a new award 'the Dragon Heart' for anyone wounded or killed in either war." Harry submitted. "It was a bloody nightmare. They kept looking to me to make these decisions." He was starting to get angry and didn't want it to effect his godson, so calmed himself. "I killed the bastard but they want my opinion on everything." He looked at his little man. "I needed to come home and hold you little man." He smiled at Teddy and his godson grinned back. "I love you Teddy." "And he loves you too Harry." Dora said from behind him. Teddy grinned, squealed and reached up to Dora. "Thank you." She whispered as she took her son. Soon, the rest of the family arrived and Andi went home. The residents of the Madhouse sat talking about inane things until Angelina and Fred arrived. "Hi Angelina. Good to see you. Come to the drawing room." Sirius invited. Hermione got up. "So glad you two could make it." "Thanks." Angelina looked confused." Why am I here?" Hermione glared at Fred. "You were supposed to tell her." "Decided this would be more fun." He grinned at the men as Angie hit him on the back of his head. "Dinner is served." Dobby announced formally as everyone went to the kitchen and sat down. "Well, Angie." Mione dove in. "You know we've been selling our electronics at WWW, right?" Angie nodded. "Okay, here's the thing. Luna and I are not salespeople, businesspeople or anything like that." Harry snorted as did Nev. They glared at their boyfriends. "Anyway, we know we need to expand. The little cart we have isn't working; we need more space. But we don't want to run it. Fred said that you were interested in running a business and that you had taken classes in business at a muggle college." She took a breath and took Harry's hand under the table. "Would you be willing to run MIT with the understanding that you get a 10 percent share in the company at the end of the first year we make a profit?" Ang looked at Fred. "What do you think? You're the business mogul, do you think this will succeed?" "I do, love. I think you'll be getting in on a revolution, once everything is done. Think about it." He said. "How much has having a mobile helped us keep in touch? We talk every night now. Soon you won't have to floocall anyone. And the computers are amazing for businesses. My advice is do it." Ang looked at her bosses. "How much say do I have in hiring and firing?" "Well, at first, we'd like to do it together because we have to make sure they can convert the phones but once we're off at school, we'll talk when needed." Luna looked at the notes under her drink." "Okay. I'll do it. Have you found a shop yet?" Ang grinned. At that, the girls and Fred burst out laughing. "Yeah. It's the shop across from WWW and, thanks to Fred's wheeling and dealing, we got an amazing price and it comes with an apartment upstairs if you want it." Hermione offered. The rest of the evening was talking details. They spent time showing Angie how to convert the mobiles. Talked about Brian staying and running the cart while everyone opened the shop. Fred offered to help them set up and hire personnel. They came up with a store logo, which was a stylized version of the initials being carried by a white snowy owl in flight, in honor of Hedwig. They proceeded to come up with fliers and print them up. The men were going to put them up along Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade in the morning. After dinner, they moved to the drawing room as Fred agreed to introduce the three girls around to all the important shop owners tomorrow. He'd also agreed to mentor Ang on bookkeeping, keeping track of stock, managing and hiring staff and 'all the other shite you need to know as you start a shop' as Fred put it. It was a load off the girls' shoulders to have someone else do what Mione and Luna thought of as drudgery work. They could run the business. The previous two days were proof that they could keep the cart stocked, take care of the business end and sell to customers. However, they liked to invent, take things apart and fix them. Basically, they liked the higher-order problem solving of their work. This worked for everyone perfectly. Around nine o'clock, right as Fred and Ang were leaving, Professor McGonagall floocalled. They invited her in for tea and the family sat down in the drawing room. She looked at Harry bottle feeding Teddy and smiled softly at them. "Don't worry Harry. I won't take him from you." Everyone laughed as Dora commented, "I don't think Teddy would let you anyway Minerva." "Too true." She sighed. "There are a few things I'd like to talk to you about tonight. First, after I talked to you today Sirius, I sent messages to the Board suggesting we meet here Friday night at 6. We'll have our usual meeting in your study, relax with dinner, then you give your presentation. The reasons we should do it this way are two-fold. First, it gives us more time to prepare. Second, no one feels stressed to leave because they have to get up in the morning. Is this acceptable?" Everyone nodded. "There are a certain number of things on your list that I, as Headmistress, have a say in. First, I have hired a new Potions teacher and a new DADA teacher. Second, I'm hiring a half-blood with a degree in Muggle History from Princeton and a Mastery in History of Magic to teach both to our students. Third, I revamped the points system and my deputy, Professor Flitwick already knows this is to apply across the board. One of his new jobs is going to be looking at the points given or taken each day and see whether they're reasonable and in line with the new rules. If not, measures will be taken to fix that." Luna grinned. "Professor Flitwick is Deputy Headmaster?" Minerva nodded. "Brilliant. He's great!" "You're just saying that cause he's your Head." Nev nudged her as she stuck her tongue out. "Children." Minerva used her Professor voice and they stopped immediately as did Sirius and Dora, who looked up guiltily. She just laughed at the fact that she could still cow students she hadn't had for 20 years. "Headmistress?" Hermione asked. "We'll go through the presentation tomorrow. Could you come for dinner tomorrow night so we can go over changes?" "Of course, Hermione." She smiled at her favorite student. Then she looked at the young men. "I hear you hired my niece to help you build an orphanage, is that true?" "Yes." Harry answered. "And can you pleeease stop telling her stories about us?" "When you have one normal year, I will." "That means never, kiddo." Sirius laughed. Harry just rolled his eyes. Soon enough, Minerva left and Harry put Teddy to bed. When the quartet went to bed that night, everyone was satisfied, or ecstatic, about what had occurred that evening. Wednesday 24 June 1998 The next day, Nev met Teddy and his godfather downstairs while Harry was cooking breakfast. "Hey you two." Nev greeted as he kissed Teddy on the head. "Hey mate. I understand that we are supposed to be at Wizengamot today to witness the swearing in of the new members." Nev nodded as Harry reached in his back pocket and got his small notebook out. "Look at the third sheet. There's a list of things I think we should get done today. Why don't you go through it and add anything you think we need to do?" "Sure." Nev took the notebook and looked at it. "That's not a bad day. . . We may even get to help the girls with converting some appliances before we go to Wizengamot. So, we're going to hand out fliers this morning. We may have to play on your celebrity to get our fliers in the door." He warned his celebrity shy friend. "We could use yours. You are well-known as well." "Yeah. I don't have my name plastered in books of famous wizards. That's you mate." He grinned at his brother. "Don't remind me." Harry groaned. Their conversation petered out as everyone came down for breakfast. "So, you girls are going to go out with Fred to look at the store and buy shelving today?" Sirius asked. "Yeah. But this morning we're going to the Floo Office to register our address and get hooked up." Mione said. "Everyone here besides little man has to be in dress robes and at Wizengamot at three o'clock, yeah?" Padfoot said seriously. "Yeah, we know." Dora groaned. "That means someone gets to take care of Teddy while I take a shower." She brightened at that. "Don't worry. We'll be home for lunch." Harry responded. Then he had an idea. "Nev, I don't think we have to use my celebrity." He grinned mischievously. "Dora, how'd you like this morning off? We can take Teddy on the few errands we have to run today." "Sure! Let me go get his things." Dora ran upstairs and came back with his nappy bag. "I've got the fliers." Nev held up the folder with the fliers. "Hogsmeade first, yeah?" Harry asked as he situated Ted in the carrier. At Nev's nod, they disapparated. Hermione looked at Sirius. "Uncle Sirius, are you coming back for lunch?" "Yeah. I've got a meeting this morning to firm up the wording for your oaths. Merlin, I can't wait until we go back to monthly meetings in July." He rolled his eyes. "Politicians are so difficult to deal with. I know certain laws have to be repealed and some need updating but we haven't been able to do anything really because we don't have enough bodies. We've been going through and making sure that all the Heads of Departments are the right people for the job but we can't get any legislation passed until after today." He sighed. "Well, we'll see you for lunch then." Hermione smiled and gave him a kiss on the cheek as she and Luna disapparated. When they got to the Floo Office, Luna got in line and Hermione sat down. After registering their address as MIT, they floo'd to WWW to have Fred help them with setting up. However, they first stocked the cart. Fred then took them all around the Alley to meet the owners of other shops. HP When the boys apparated to outside the Three Broomsticks, Nev finally asked, "So how are you not going to use your celebrity?" Harry just looked at his godson. "Simple. I'm going to use Teddy. Watch and learn." He smirked at his godbrother as they walked in "Hi boys." Rosmerta said as she peered at Teddy. "And who is this cutie?" she asked as Harry took him out of the carrier. "This is my godson, Teddy Lupin." Harry smiled down at the baby. "You mean Remus' kid?" she asked, shocked. "Yup. Remus didn't make it but Dora did, so we're raising Teddy. Sirius, Hermione, Dora and I." "Well, that's good. He'll need you in his life, especially to balance out Sirius." Rosmerta laughed. "You'll need to balance out his wilder tendencies. He and the rest of those hooligans had a habit to turning Minerva more grey every year." Nev and Harry laughed at that. "We were wondering if we could put up some fliers for Hermione and Luna's new shop in your window?" Harry asked. "Of course." She agreed. When they went through all of High Street and put fliers in all the shops, Nev was convinced. "Babies make it much easier to get help. And you didn't have to pull the boy who lived crap at all." "You even got it to work when you took him in." Harry reminded him. "Apparently, people like to see men with babies and they soften up." He finished as they went to The Hog's Head and checked on Abe. They reminded him about Wizengamot that afternoon. All they got was a grumbled. "Fine. I'll be there." "Right then." Nev sighed. "Let's go to the Alley." HP They apparated right outside MIT. "Should we go into the store first or distribute the fliers?" Nev asked as he was bowled over by a blonde missile. "I missed you." Luna squealed as Harry was given the same treatment by a taller brunette. "Harry, you should see what we've done with the place. We've set up all sorts of tables to display our items. We've actually enlarged both the front space and back so we have more than enough room so people don't feel crammed. We've actually got a workspace in back that we can experiment in and a space to store excess items." She took a deep breath as she had run out of air and grabbed his hand. "Well, just come here." She pulled him inside. Inside, two walls were neon red and gold and two were neon blue and bronze. "You had Fred paint it didn't you?" He grinned. "He chose the colors. We couldn't decide, so he said go for bold." Luna replied as she was hugging Nev. All of the tables were dressed in either one of those color schemes. Each table had stools around it so people could sit and play with the items. In the middle of the shop was a higher counter that had all four colors on it. It also had a cash register. It was obviously the check out stand. In the corners were tellies and VCR's. "Come into the back." Luna invited as she led the way. She opened the door to a big room. "This will be our break room. We are thinking of putting some games and a few couches and a telly in here. Now come this way." She took a door on the left side of the room. There were four work stations with benches and shelving. To Harry, it looked kind of like a muggle woodworking shop. "This is really neat." He commented. "Are you going to hire someone just to convert stuff?" "Yeah. Angie and we have decided to have 2 full time people doing conversions and a customer service staff. Soon, we'll cross train everyone but at the start we need someone dedicated to building up stock." Mione replied. Luna looked at her watch. "Hermione it's 10.15. We have our first interview in 15 minutes." She started hauling Nev to the front of the store. "But we haven't even gotten all the fliers out!" He protested. "Yes but Fred talked to some people that want a job. He set up the interviews." Luna answered as she pushed Nev out. "You guys need to go." "Will we see you at lunch?" Harry enquired. "Yes love." Mione reached up and kissed him. "I love you. And thank you for believing in us." She whispered. "I love you too. And I'll always believe in you. You're the smartest witch I know." He put another kiss on her forehead as the men left. "Bloody hell. That store's going to be brilliant. I mean, they already have interviews lined up. This is great." Nev enthused. "Yeah. Let's get these fliers out so they can get more and open on Monday." Harry answered. They spent the next hour going to all the big stores to put fliers up. When they got to Quality Quidditch Supplies, Harry just stood looking in the window. Nev took one look and said, "I'll be right back. You won't leave the store if you go in." He took Teddy out of Harry's hands and went inside all the while shaking his head at his Quidditch mad brother. He was back in 5 minutes. Harry was still gawking at the new Firebolt II. "They said that Firebolt just came out this week." Nev offered as he dragged Harry away. "Did they say how much it was?" "200 G. For a broom. It's silly." "Sorry to sound like Ron but it's a Firebolt II. If I hadn't just bought a new Firebolt, I would so buy that." Nev laughed. They finished up with the distribution around 11 and decided that, since they were in the Alley, they'd go start the account for the orphanage. They had decided that the Longbottoms and Potters would each put one million galleons into the fund. So, they went to see Trainee Swordback to set it up. They were home by 12. HP They apparated home and saw a load of bags in the entrance hall. It looked like Dora had been out buying new items to convert. She came into the entrance hall as they were getting oriented. "Hey, there's my boy." Dora cooed as she took Teddy. They all went into the drawing room. "How'd he do today?" "He was great. He stayed up most of the time in Hogsmeade but fell asleep in the Alley for about half an hour as we did our stuff. I bet he sleeps most of the time we're gone today. He just ate and I changed his nappy. He should be content for a while." Harry reported to the new mum. "Thank you for taking such good care of him." Dora responded. "He's my godson. Of course I'll take care of him." Harry looked confused. "It's not that I don't think you do, it's that I worry when he's not with me." Dora explained. "Hello, Hello, Hello." Came Sirius' fake jovial voice from the hall. "In here Pads." Harry projected his voice. Pads flopped down on a chair. "I hate politicians." He groaned. "So do I. That's why you hold my proxy." Harry laughed at the look on his face. "Is anyone home?" They heard from the hall. "In here Mione." Harry answered as she came in and sat next to him. "Did you hire anyone?" "Yup three of the four had passed their NEWTS with Exceeds or Outstanding in Runes and Charms. Two of them want to be the people converting the equipment and the other wants to start on the floor." She smiled at her boyfriend. "We hired all three." Luna concluded. "That's great. We got the Alley and Hogsmeade plastered with those fliers so you should be getting enquiries soon." Nev added. "When do they start?" "Tomorrow." Hermione was still smiling. "We're also thinking about opening Saturday rather than Monday." "Will you have enough people and stock?" Sirius asked. "We think so with Fred and George's help." Dobby popped in. "Lunch is served." He intoned formally as they got up for lunch. "You know, I really enjoy these lunches." Nev asserted. "Yes. Me too." Sirius answered. "It's the break in the day of hassles and insanity that I need when dealing with idiot politicians." "It's nice to know that we all eat together as much as possible." Dora commented. "And I like the work of cooking all the meals." Dobby added. They laughed. "I can't wait to have more babies to care for." He looked directly at both couples as they blushed and Sirius and Dora laughed. Trying to change the subject, Harry asked, "Nev, I was wondering if you could take me to see your mum today before Wizengamot?" "Sure." His godbrother's eyes lit up. "I know she'd love to see you." After lunch, Sirius went back to the Ministry, the young men got dressed into their formal robes so they didn't have to come home from hospital to change and the women started reviewing the plans for Hogwarts while Dora and Dobby converted electronics. HP When the men got to hospital, they went directly to The Janus Thicke Ward. The nurse came over to greet them. "Hello. May I help you?" she asked. "I'm Neville Longbottom, Frank and Alice's son. This is Alice's godson-" The woman gasped. "Harry Potter." She suddenly got very nervous. "My name is MediWitch Johnson. I just started here. I'm so sorry I didn't recognise you both." "That's okay." Harry sighed at the doe eyes the woman was making at him. He really hated his celebrity. "I'd just like to see my god mum please." "Of course, this way." The MediWitch answered as she showed them to the Longbottoms' room. Alice looked up as they entered. She smiled at Neville and handed him a gum wrapper. "Hi mum. Hi dad. I brought a friend to see you. This is Harry Potter." He introduced bringing Harry forth. "Hi Alice." He said softly as he sat next to her bed. "I'm James and Lily's kid. You're my Godmum. I thought you'd want to know Voldemort's dead for good. Bellatrix is too." And he started filling her in on his life. She seemed to know he was talking to her and that they were important to each other. She also seemed to enjoy the tail of his adventures. The longer Harry spent with her though; the more he realised what he could have had if not for Bellatrix and the angrier he got. Alice seemed to have a peaceful look on her face, as though she was genuinely a nice person under normal circumstances. The more he talked and held her hand, the more he wished he'd never lived with the Dursleys. After an hour or so, the boys left. "I don't know how you do it Nev. I had a hard time watching the vacant stare that came over her. I can't imagine how you feel." HP After their visit, the men floo'd to the Ministry's Atrium. They met up with their girlfriends and went down to Wizengamot Hall. They split up, going to their own seats. At 3.00, Wizengamot came to order. They had all the new members standing on the floor with their wands out. Kingsley then read the Oath of Office "I, name inserted, solemnly swear to uphold the laws of Wizengamot. I affirm that I will protect and defend those that are under Wizengamot jurisdiction to the best of my abilities. I will not be a member of a terrorist organization as long as I am a member of this body. I take this vow of my own volition as I take up my seat. So mote it be." Everyone repeated each line as he said it. Each member was engulfed in some color of light, depending on their family magic, at the conclusion of the oath. After everyone had taken their vow and was seated, Chief Witch Marchbanks stood. "Those of us who have been in this body since the war ended, realise we need to change how things are done. We waited to have all the members available, to have a majority, so we could commission a few Committees to make a few changes." The bailiff started handing out parchment to every member. "On your parchment, there are a list of committees. Tap your wand to the committee you would like to join. You may serve on a maximum of three committees. If you are holding a Proxy for a House, you may still only serve on three. Please choose carefully as each committee has very specific goals. We will take a 10 minute recess to let you decide." She banged her gavel and the talking began. As Sirius was holding Proxy for not only Harry but Hermione as well, they sat closely, looking at the list. "Uncle Sirius, could you put your name down for the committee looking into rewriting Creature laws?" Hermione asked. "I knew you'd want me there." Sirius smiled down at her. "Could you be on the committee looking into corruption at the Head of Department level?" Harry asked. "We really need to make sure everyone is clean." "Sure." Sirius agreed. "What about this one?" Hermione asked, pointing to Committee to Rewrite Hiring Guidelines. "Will that deal with merit-based hiring instead of blood-status hiring?" "I believe so." Sirius said as he put the tip of his wand below the title. Chief Witch Marchbanks thumped her gavel again. "Please come to order." She stated as everyone quieted down. "Now that you have all chosen, each committee will have five people. The list will be out on Friday of who is on what committee and when they will present their findings. Every committee will present their findings and proposed changes before the end of summer so we may vote on them. It will be up to the members of the committee to determine when they meet. We will only be having our regular monthly meetings in July and August unless a committee needs to present findings." She looked at her watch. "Meeting adjourned." She whacked her gavel again.
