The summer days were warm and freeing, filled with the mourning of a season of life that had passed, and the excitement of a promising future. Rose Weasley had officially graduated from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry exactly one week ago. She had a job lined up as an assistant at a small wizarding publishing house in London, and a flat that she'd be moving into with her best friend Erin Longbottom in only a few weeks time. They'd found one in Muggle London that was witch and wizard friendly and also happened to be in the same building where a few of Rose's cousins lived on the floor below. The excitement that both girls felt at the prospect of living together could only be rivaled by the excitement that Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy felt about beginning their careers as Aurors. Amidst all the levity and fun that had been the first week post-Hogwarts, Rose and Erin had been just as anxious as their boyfriends were for their Auror evaluations. No matter how well they did on their N.E.W.T.s or what type of letters of recommendation they received, none of it would matter if they couldn't pass the initial evaluation, which took place the last week of June. It had been an interesting year leading up to this moment. Rose's cousin and her best friend had fallen for each other, though it had taken awhile for them to get to the point where they could actually accept that it was happening. Rose could hardly believe at times that the anxious girl sitting across from her in the Leaky Cauldron was the same one who'd acted like she didn't care for Albus Potter as anything more than a friend, being frustrated with him more often than not. Now she kept shooting glances towards the fireplace as she anxiously waited for her boyfriend to show up and tell them how his evaluation had gone. Along with becoming much more than friends with Scorpius Malfoy, Rose had fulfilled her dream of being Head Girl during her final year at Hogwarts. She had loved having Scorpius by her side as Head Boy, despite the ups and downs that had occurred throughout the year. He'd truly grown through the whole experience. Both of them had. In the years to come, Rose would look back on her last year at Hogwarts and see it for what it was; a season of life where she'd grown and changed and began to become the person she was going to be. She would also see how much it prepared her for the years to follow. "They should be done by now, right?" asked Erin as she checked her watch for the fifth time in the last two minutes. Rose looked at her own to see that it read only a couple of minutes past three. "Should be any minute," said Rose, trying hard to stay calm herself as her knee bounced in agitation under the table. Erin groaned and rested her head on the table, nearly dragging her hair in the plate of chips that had remained mostly untouched as both had been too nervous to eat. "This has been the longest three hours of my life," Erin groaned into the table. She lifted her head and rested her chin in her hand, her eyes trained on the fireplace. "It's mad to think that something he's worked so hard for and for so long could all of the sudden just be taken away." Rose nodded and hummed in agreement. She'd be devastated for Al if that happened to him, but she highly doubted it would. Like Erin had said, he'd been preparing for this for a long time. He was as ready as he could be. She was much more nervous for Scorpius. He was probably just as capable as Al, but he hadn't been preparing for nearly as long. What if that made a difference? "I'm sure he'll pass," said Rose. "They both will." Erin spared a glance Rose's way and gave her a grateful smile before her eyes snapped back to the fireplace. There was a flash of green flames as someone flooed into the grate, causing both girls to sit up straighter in anticipation, only to slouch back in their seats when it wasn't either of their boyfriends. Their anxious vigil was interrupted a few minutes later when one of Rose's many cousins approached their table, setting a fresh butterbeer in front of each of them. "Shouldn't they be here by now?" asked Dominique as she checked her watch. The middle of Bill and Fleur Weasley's three children had been working at the pub since she'd left school, much to the frustration of her mother, who thought she was wasting her potential. Rose knew that Dominique was frustrated by her situation as well, as it was common knowledge that she felt a bit stuck. But Rose could understand feeling like you had no clue what you wanted to do with your life, and at least Dom got to spend a great deal of time baking, the thing she loved to do most. "Yes, they should be," said Erin, her frustration beginning to overshadow her nerves. "They do know they're supposed to meet us here after, right?" "Erin, we talked about it just last night," Rose reminded her. "I'm sure they wouldn't have forgotten." "I don't know," said Dominique thoughtfully. "Boys in general can be rather absent minded at times." There was a glimmer of mirth in Dom's eyes, giving away how much she was enjoying watching them squirm. "Oh, do shut up," Erin said with a sigh. "I'm literally two seconds away from storming into the Ministry and making sure he didn't do something to get himself killed." Dominique laughed. "Oh, buck up, Longbottom. Al's not that much of an idiot. And there's no way anyone would let that happen." Erin grumbled and popped a slightly cold chip into her mouth, scrunching her face up in distaste. Dom gave another chuckle before waving her wand and warming up their food. "I'll grab drinks for the boys, because I'm sure they'll be here any moment," said Dom, giving Erin a reassuring squeeze on her shoulder before heading back to the kitchen. A second later, the Floo had sprung to life again, and Erin and Rose sat perfectly still, trying their best not to get their hopes out. Matching sighs of relief fell out of them as a very familiar young wizard with dark hair and green eyes stepped out of the flames, but the relief was short lived. His face was somber and almost angry as he spotted their hopeful faces and slowly strode towards their table. As nervous as his demeanor made Rose, he only held her attention for a moment. The flames had turned green again and then another wizard appeared in the Leaky Cauldron, this one with bright blond hair and steal blue eyes. Rose smiled in relief when she saw the amused look on his face and the brightness in his eyes as he caught sight of her. "What happened?" asked Erin as Al grew closer to their booth. She was standing and watching him anxiously as Scorpius followed behind him. Al let out a despondent sigh and grabbed the hand Erin had reached out to him, leaning in to kiss her on the cheek before they both sat in the booth. Rose was barely paying attention to this, her gaze focused on Scorpius as he beamed at her and pulled her into a tight hug as she stood to greet him. "I did it, Rose," he whispered into her ear. "I passed." Rose felt like she could cry in relief, and her eyes welled up as she gripped him tighter, pride and joy filling her. She pulled back enough to place a chaste kiss on his lips, smiling brilliantly at him as they sat down across from Al and Erin, who was still gripping Al's hand and watching him anxiously. "Al, you need to get over it," said Scorpius, more amused than Rose would expect if Al hadn't passed, which had been her fear from the moment she saw him. "You've been waiting for this for years and you're going to let this ruin it?" Al let out a sigh. "I suppose you're right. I just didn't expect it. Now I'll look even more like him than I already do." Rose and Erin both gave Al curious looks as Scorpius laughed. Al scowled at him for a moment before he noticed how his girlfriend and cousin were looking at him. "They told me I need glasses." The statement came out almost like a whine, a petulant look on Al's face at what he seemed to think was devastating news. "What?" Erin asked in confusion, obviously flustered by the unpredictable way things were going. "Because of my physical," Al explained. "They check things like your blood pressure and your weight and overall health, and one of the things they do is test your eyes. Mine aren't horrible and I won't have to wear them all the time, but since I need them for reading and writing and I'll have a lot of paperwork to do, they said I need to get them." Erin watched him with a disbelieving look on her face as Scorpius shook with silent chuckles. Rose let out an amused snort of her own. "So, you passed?" Erin asked cautiously, obviously trying to tread carefully. "Oh, yeah," said Al, finally smiling at her. "I passed." A look of joy and relief flashed across Erin's face, but it was quickly replaced with a scowl as she started smacking Albus on the arm repeatedly. "Don't do that!" she nearly shrieked at a shocked Al, who held up his hands defensively. "You come in here all mopey and depressed. I thought you'd failed, you prat!" Al smiled guiltily at Erin, but grabbed her hands to stop her from continuing to hit him. "I'm sorry I scared you. They just told me, so I hadn't had time to adjust to the news yet." "Oh, who cares that you have to get glasses," Erin said with a huff, pulling her hands from Al and crossing her arms. "You're going to be an Auror, Al. Shouldn't that be what you're preoccupied with?" "Oh, trust me, he was beside himself when they told us," Scorpius assured her. "We got our housing assignments and our schedules for orientation and he was as giddy as a school girl, but then they said they needed him to make an appointment to get glasses. I've never seen such a quick change in mood." It was obvious that Scorpius was getting quite a kick out of Al's predicament, and Rose couldn't deny that she was too. Erin even allowed an amused smirk to form on her face at Scorpius' words. "Just don't let it ruin a day that you've waited years for, all right?" she said, looking at Al pointedly before a mischievous smirk appeared on her face. "Besides, glasses might make you look sexy." He grinned at her, looking very much how Rose had been expecting him to when he told them he'd passed his evaluation. Erin smiled back, obviously pleased that she'd managed to cheer him up. "I suppose it'll be worth it if that's the case," he teased, and Erin laughed before leaning forward to wind her arms around his neck and pull him into a tight hug. "Congratulations," Rose heard her mumble into his ear, and Al's arms tightened around her waist at the word. Erin's eyes shifted to Scorpius as she continued to embrace Al. "You too, Scorp." "Thanks," he said, a pleased smile on his face. "I take it congratulations are in order?" asked Dom as she approached the table once again, placing butterbeers in front of the two new Auror trainees "They most certainly are," said Erin, pulling away from Al but keeping one of her arms around his shoulder so her hand rested at the base of his neck. "You're looking at the Ministry's newest Auror recruits." "That's brilliant," said Dom with a bright smile. "Do Ethan and Teddy know?" "Teddy was there," said Al after taking a sip of his drink. "He helps out with the trainees so they let him sit in. I don't know if anyone's told Ethan yet." "Is that going to be awkward?" asked Dom, leaning against the back of Al and Erin's booth with a contemplative look. "Working with your girlfriend's brother?" This thought, it would appear, hadn't fully occurred to Al before. His eyes widened at the question as he tried to come up with a response. Erin, however, rolled her eyes. "It'll be fine. Ethan likes Al well enough, and if he gives him any trouble, he'll have to deal with me." Al snorted in amusement and looked at his girlfriend. "That's not exactly the most intimidating thing, love." Erin scowled at him and tugged at the hair at the base of his neck. "I guess this means a celebratory dinner at your parents' is a go, then?" said Rose with a chuckle as Al rubbed the back of his head after wincing in pain. "Yep," said Al. "Dad said he'd let Mum know. We can head back there whenever." "Is there anything else you lot want?" asked Dom. "On the house." "Got any of those raspberry tarts?" asked Al hopefully. Dom smiled and nodded, promising to bring them out a box full before heading back to the kitchen. "I swear this place has gotten better since she started working here," said Erin. "Even Mum says so. People love Dom's baking." "I'm glad she's doing something she loves," said Rose, "even if she feels stuck." They enjoyed their drinks and the plate of chips as Al and Scorpius filled the girls in on what they'd had to do for their evaluation. It consisted of what sounded like paired down versions of the type of training they'd be doing in the future. Things that involved defense, stealth, physical strength, quick thinking, and strategy. Scorpius admitted that he thought he almost failed the stealth part, and Al had been better at his quick thinking than strategy, preferring to rush into things before fully formulating a plan. "And if that was the minimum as far as physical strength goes, it's going to be a rough first few months," said Scorpius while Al nodded in agreement. "I can already tell I'm going to be sore tomorrow." Overall, they were both thoroughly pleased with how it went, neither feeling like they hadn't earned their spots. It was something Al hadn't fully expressed being concerned about, but Rose could tell by the way he talked about feeling like he'd earned it on his own merit that he'd been fearful they'd let him in just because of his dad. When they headed to the Potters' an hour later with a box of raspberry tarts in hand, it was to find an ecstatic Ginny, beaming with pride as she went back and forth between hugging both Scorpius and Albus tightly, jabbering on about how proud she was and how she knew they were going to pass. "James and Violet are coming for dinner," Ginny informed them. "I didn't tell them why, though. I thought I'd let you do that." Al rolled his eyes, but Rose could tell he was pleased to be able to relay the good news to his brother. "Where's Lily?" he asked. "She was at Percy and Audrey's, and then she was going over to Caleb's, I think," said Ginny. "I told her to be back for dinner." Harry was home an hour later, beaming with pride as he embraced his son firmly before shaking his hand. Rose was in the kitchen helping Ginny and saw this happen through the doorway, but was too far away to hear what Harry was saying to his son. Even from a distance, though, she could tell he was proud. "Has Scorpius told his parents?" Ginny asked Rose as she plated some of the tarts. "They're visiting Astoria's sister and her family for the week, so he didn't want to pull them away," said Rose, who'd suggested to Scorpius that he see if his parents wanted to come for dinner as well. As much as she could tell he wanted them to be there, he'd merely sent them an owl to tell them the good news, seeming to think it was even more important that his mother and father spend time with his aunt and uncle. He was vague as to why, but Rose had caught on to the fact over the past few days that something wasn't quite right. He'd been acting strange whenever his parents were brought up since a few days after they'd left Hogwarts. She also got the feeling that he intended to explain it to her later based on the looks he gave her. James and Violet were there by half past five, and Al's older brother responded with just as much pride and a bit more excited enthusiasm than his father had. He seemed just as pleased for Scorpius as well. Rose joined the young people back in the sitting room after Ginny had assured her that there was nothing left to do but wait for dinner to come out of the oven. She left her aunt and uncle to tell each other about their days and most likely snog in the kitchen. Rose hid a smile as she recalled Al's complaint after only a few days back home that his parents had become teenagers again since their kids were never around. He was very eager to move out of the house in August. And based on the actions of her own parents in recent days, Rose could sympathize. As Rose entered the sitting room, Erin was talking to Violet about her upcoming placement at St. Mungo's while Al, James, and Scorpius continued to talk about their evaluations. "When do you start your work with Mr. Malfoy?" Violet was asking as Rose joined her and Erin on the couch. "He's giving me till August to settle in," said Erin, excitement alight in her eyes at the prospect of her new job. "I'm meeting with him and his other partners towards the end of July. Just so we can get to know each other and they can show me around." "What about you, Rose?" asked Violet. "Same. I start in August, so we all get July to adjust." "You're lucky," said Violet. "James started only a week after school ended, and I started the week after that." "Was it weird?" asked Erin. "Transitioning into the world outside of Hogwarts? I'm having a hard time imagining what September will be like." "It was strange, that's for sure," Violet allowed. "I think the most difficult part to sort out was the social stuff. The boys wanted the run of the flat Rox and I shared, and everyone expected everyone to be able to do everything together. Stuff like that. Not to mention James and I were a bit of a mess that whole first year." "You worked it out, though," Rose said with a smile. Violet grinned back at her before glancing at her boyfriend. "Took us quite a few mistakes, but, yeah, we got it sorted." Rose was about to ask Violet how things were going as far as the older girl's relationship with James went, but stopped short as the fireplace erupted in green flames and Lily stumbled through. Rose hadn't seen her cousin since the night they'd gotten back from Hogwarts. Most of this was due to the fact that Lily was normally over at her house all the time during the summer, but had kept her distance since she and Rose's brother still weren't talking. The fiasco that had been the party after the Quidditch final was still causing a rift between people that Rose had never expected to be at such drastic odds with each other. Out of everyone involved, the only people still not speaking to each other were Lily and Hugo, who also wasn't talking to Caleb by extension. Rose had been hoping to have an opportunity to talk to her cousin, and was hopeful that with all the good spirits of the evening, she'd get a chance to after dinner. But one look at Lily's face completely derailed any plans she might have had. The boys had continued talking during Lily's arrival, but Rose, Erin, and Violet all stared at the youngest Potter with fear and concern. She'd stumbled briefly on her entrance, but righted herself with a huff, her body tense and rigid as she surveyed the room. Her eyes were slightly red as they finally landed on where her brothers and Scorpius stood, narrowing as her jaw clenched and her hands curled into fists. She looked ready to do some serious physical harm, and Rose would have been fearful for the life of whomever was on the receiving end of her glare had she been allowed to use magic. Lily took a few shaky deep breaths before she finally snapped. "This is all your ruddy fault, you meddling arsehole!" All three boys stopped talking and looked at Lily in shock. Rose couldn't tell which one she was scowling at, but it became obvious when James and Scorpius turned to look at Al, who pointed at himself in question. "Yes, you, you wanker!" Lily snapped. "I can't believe you told him to do that!" "Told who to do what?" Al asked in confusion, sounding a bit annoyed that his sister was yelling at him. "Caleb! You told him to break up with me, didn't you?" A hush fell over the room as all eyes turned to Al, whose jaw dropped open in shock. "What?" he said in astonishment. "No I didn't." Lily crossed her arms and hardened her glare "Then why the hell did he just tell me that you telling him to fix things was part of the reason he decided to break up with me?" Rose cringed at Lily's words. She remembered perfectly well the conversation Caleb had referred to. Lily had stormed out of the Great Hall on the last day of exams, refusing to talk about the rift between her and Hugo. Al had then turned to Caleb, instructing him to find a way to fix things. Breaking up with Lily was not what Rose had been expecting Caleb to do in response. "Wait, he actually broke up with you?" Al asked, obviously surprised by this turn of events. "Yes, damn it! Aren't you listening? What the hell did you say to him!?" Everyone stood in stunned silence while Lily glared at her brother, breathing heavily as she attempted to control her anger and heartbreak. "Lily," said Al, taking a small step towards her with a sympathetic look on his face. "I'm so-" "Don't tell me you're sorry!" she yelled, pointing accusingly at her brother. "Tell me why you thought it was your place to butt into my relationship! Tell me how you're going to fix this! Because you have to, Al! You have to fix this!" Lily's voice was beginning to quaver, her lower lip trembling as she tried to hold her ground. She'd drawn the attention of her parents, who were standing in the doorway of the kitchen and looking tempted to intervene, but nobody seemed to have any desire to get involved. "I swear, Lily," said Al, taking another daring step towards his sister. "I only told him that he had to fix things. I never said anything about breaking up with you." "Yeah, well, he did it anyway," said Lily, her voice cracking with emotion. "And whether you meant it or not, that's how he took your advice. So this is still your fault and it's still your job to fix it." "Lily, I-" "No!" she yelled as Al reached out as if to pull her into a comforting hug. Rose's eyes widened a bit in surprise as Lily took a swing at her brother, hitting him squarely in the chest and continuing to do so as words flew from her mouth. "This can't - be - happening! We're supposed to be together!" Al didn't back down, his expression pained as Lily continued to hit him before he managed to grab onto her wrists. She struggled for a moment, a few choice words grumbled at her brother as her eyes began to well with tears. Finally, she gave up, standing still and breathing heavily for a moment before her whole body went limp as she fell forward and rested her forehead against her brother's chest. A gut-wrenching sob escaped her as he let go of her wrists so he could wrap his arms around her. Rose's heart broke for her cousin. No matter how poorly everything had been handled, it was obvious how much Lily cared for Caleb. It was quite possible that she was even falling in love with him. And just like that, it was over. And her accusations towards Al were just evidence of the fact that Lily was in denial and trying to find someone else to take out her frustration on. Rose assumed it was only a matter of time before she started blaming Hugo too. Al continued to hold his sister, stroking her back comfortingly and whispering consoling words, even though he knew they were a bit empty. Everything would be all right in time, but Rose knew Lily wouldn't be able to see that at the present moment. "I think he's got this," James said softly, jerking his head towards the dining room. Everyone moved to follow as Lily continued to cry into her brother's chest, her hands gripping his back tightly. "I didn't see that coming," said Erin as the door closed behind them and deadened the sound of Lily's sobs. "Which part?" asked James. "The part where Caleb broke up with Lily? Or the part where Al actually handled that whole thing rather well?" James was rewarded for his comment by no less than three slaps to the back of the head. A/N: It's sequel time! And this will have chapters from the POV of Rose, Scorpius, Al, and Erin. I was contemplating waiting until I had all this written out before beginning to post, but seeing as I want some input, I decided against it. I do have eight chapters written so I can hopefully keep ahead even while posting weekly! So, here's where I want your opinion/advice. If you count the chapters I've written for the accompanying sequel focusing on Lily/Hugo/Louis and the rest, as well as a couple snapshots, I have a total of thirteen chapters written. I will be posting the snapshots in the same story that I have been so far, but I wanted to know your thoughts on whether or not I should publish the other sequel alongside this story as the chapters fit in, or wait until this story is over? I've also thought about just putting those chapters in the snapshots, but they feel like their own actual story. Sort of like the James and Violet one (which I'm actually thinking of revisiting). If you want it all coming at you at once, it might take me longer to update each story, but I will still plan on doing it at least weekly. I would totally be down with doing this, if it wouldn't be too confusing to try to keep up with. Let me know! Hope you're excited to continue the journey these characters have already begun. P.S. Not to change in rating from the previous story. Nothing crazy, but just to be safe!
"That wasn't quite the night I expected." Scorpius nodded in response to Rose's comment, letting out a humorless chuckle as he thought over the past few hours. Al had eventually gotten Lily to calm down, but she'd gone up to her room without eating dinner. They hadn't heard anything from her for the remainder of the evening, and their meal hadn't been as lighthearted and celebratory as they'd planned, all of them slightly preoccupied with Lily's well-being. It had only been a few days into the summer holidays when both Lily's parents and Rose's had been clued into the fact that their youngest children weren't speaking to each other. They weren't entirely sure as to why, but as such a thing had never happened before, they were obviously concerned. As no one knew what to expect from a Lily without Hugo, how she would handle this further upheaval in her personal life was a complete mystery. Scorpius had to admit that he was a bit worried for her himself. "Are you disappointed?" Rose asked him as they settled onto the bench that sat on the Potters' front porch. "We didn't exactly do much celebrating." "It's fine," he assured her, draping his arm across her shoulder and pulling her into his side. "Just being here with all of you and knowing I have this much support is enough for me." Even though he couldn't see her face as she rested her head on his shoulder, Scorpius could hear Rose's smile as she responded. "We're all really proud of you. I hope you don't mind sharing the spotlight with Al." "Nah, it's fine," he said with a shrug. "I'd probably feel uncomfortable if all the attention was on me." Rose hummed in response and snuggled closer to him, turning a bit so her arm could go across his waist, her hand resting along his side. He breathed deeply, taking in the moment and her presence as his hand went up from around her shoulder to play with her hair. "Sometimes I can't believe we're actually here," she said with a sigh of contentment. "And where's here, exactly?" he asked with a smile. She shrugged against him. "Done with school, prepared to face our future careers…together." Scorpius grinned at the shy tone her voice had taken on at the last word. He dropped a kiss to the top of her head. "It's a pretty nice place to be." Rose sighed against him and tightened her hold around his waist. They sat there in comfortable silence for a moment, neither quite ready to say goodbye for the evening even though they knew they'd see each other the next day. The thought of tomorrow brought Scorpius' family to his mind. He wasn't too worried about everything. He didn't feel the need to be yet. But he knew that the moment he told Rose what was going on, it would become that much more real, so he'd put it off all week. Scorpius knew she could tell something was wrong. He'd been absent the day following their return from Hogwarts, canceling the plans they'd had to meet up with Al and Erin at the Leaky Cauldron that evening, and he knew he was tensing up whenever his parents were mentioned. They'd allowed him to settle in the first night he'd been home before telling him the news the next morning. It was a week later, and it felt like it had been forever since his parents had sat down with him in his bedroom, an event that had only ever happened when they had bad news. He could still clearly picture his mother sitting in the arm chair by his window, his father sitting on the arm with his hand resting on her back in support as she told her son everything while he sat on his bed and looked at her in disbelief and denial. At the beginning, the worst part of it had been the fact that he'd had no clue anything was wrong in the first place. He'd been so caught up in everything going on in his own life that he'd barely paid attention to what was happening with his parents. His mother had assured him that he had no reason to feel bad, since they hadn't even known themselves until just after Easter, but he still hated the fact that he hadn't even thought to write home and ask how they were. All of his letters during the last part of term had been about him. "Is everything all right?" Rose asked in a quiet voice, pulling him out of his thoughts. "Absolutely," he assured her, running his hand more thoroughly through her hair. "I'm sorry your parents couldn't be here tonight," she said after a few moments of silence. Scorpius sighed. Of course she knew where his mind was. "Me too." She stayed silent for another moment, but he knew it wouldn't last. And part of him wanted her to ask so he didn't have to work up the courage to introduce the topic himself. "You don't have to talk about it if you don't want to," she began in a quiet voice, and Scorpius felt himself smile in spite of himself. "No, I want to," he said, realizing that it was true. He tried not to be too disappointed when she pulled away, her brown eyes searching his as she looked up at him in concern. He took a deep breath, letting it out slowly before speaking. "Mum's not exactly well." Alarm appeared on Rose's features as she sat up more fully, one of her hands resting on his thigh. "Not well how?" Scorpius tried to offer her a reassuring smile, but he knew it probably came off a bit strained. "There's this thing with her family," he began slowly. "A blood curse. It only pops up every few generations or so, and normally only in females when they're young. They thought she didn't have it, but she started not feeling well pretty regularly a couple of months ago, and they said she has what, at this point, is a very mild version of it. It was just dormant longer than normal." Rose's eyes searched his face as she soaked in this news. He could tell she had a million questions running through her mind, and as much as he wanted to answer them, he wasn't sure he'd be able to. "What does that mean, then?" she asked, voicing the one question that he was the least confident in answering. "As far as they can tell, nothing is going to change much right now outside of her having bad days every now and then," said Scorpius."They're not sure how bad it's going to get since it took this long for it to surface, but if it's the full blown curse, she could get to the point where she can't even get out of bed anymore. After that...well..." He'd done his best to say it all as matter-of-factly as possible, but he couldn't continue. He could barely even think the words. It had been easy to focus on other things the past few days, like preparing for his evaluation. Scorpius could honestly say that he'd hardly thought about it, especially once his parents left to go visit with his aunt and uncle and cousins a few days ago. But now that he temporarily had nothing to distract himself with, the reality of it all started to hit home. He pulled his arm from around Rose's shoulder and rubbed his hand over his face, letting out a sigh before leaning forward and resting his elbows on his knees and holding his face in his hands. "Scor, I'm so sorry," he heard Rose say in a soft voice. Her words were followed by her touch a moment later, a hand going to his back while the other remained on his thigh. He willed himself not to cry, her tender words and touch breaking through the wall he'd put up to keep his emotions at bay. "I know that this might be the worst it ever gets," he choked out. "That's what the Healers said. But, Rose…I'm terrified that it won't be." He hadn't realized he'd started shaking until she reached up and grabbed his trembling hand, pulling it away from his face and holding it tightly in her lap while she continued to stroke his back soothingly. He turned his head to look at her, his chin still resting in his other hand as she gripped the one she was holding tightly. Her eyes were filled with sorrow and concern and what he knew was a desperate desire to take away his pain. "I wish there was something I could do," she said, the truth in her words obvious. He managed a small smile after taking a few deep breaths to steady himself. "You're doing plenty already," said Scorpius honestly. "I'm just glad it's not worse than it is right now. And there's always the chance that it doesn't get any worse." Rose gave him a fortifying smile. "Best to think positive for now, right?" Scorpius nodded, sitting up fully and holding both of her hands in his. "I'm probably going to need you to remind me to do that every now and then." "I think I can manage that," she said, and he found himself smiling at the determined look on her face. He already felt lighter after having told her, and he realized he was silly for being nervous to do so in the first place. She smiled back at him as he leaned in closer to her, and their faces were only inches apart when he heard the front door open behind him. Scorpius let out a groan of disappointment. "Rose? I'm heading home." Rose smirked at him in amusement before she stood to say goodbye to Erin. While Scorpius would be seeing Rose the next day, Erin wouldn't be able to for a week. Rose was leaving after breakfast the next morning to stay with Teddy and Victoire for the week, while Erin went to stay with her sister Alice. "I'll see you next Saturday?" said Erin as she hugged her best friend. "Absolutely," said Rose as she released her. "Want to meet at mine before heading to the flat?" Erin nodded before turning towards Scorpius, who stood to hug her as well. He knew this was going to be a rough few weeks for her. They were close to it being a year since her great-gran had passed, which was part of the reason she was going to stay with her sister in the first place. The plan was for them to all head over to the flat that Erin and Rose were going to move into on the day they both came back from their visits. They'd still have another week before they moved in, but both girls wanted to get a feel for the place, as they had furniture and other necessities to buy. Scorpius and Al had been talked into joining them. "Want to take me home?" Rose asked Scorpius after Erin had disappeared back inside to Floo home. She took his hand and laced her fingers between his. "I'd love to," he said with a warm smile. They popped back inside quickly to say their goodbyes, and then returned to the porch, walking a short distance to get outside of the wards that kept people from showing up at her aunt and uncle's house uninvited. With a quick spin, they were standing the exact same distance away from a house that was only slightly smaller than the one they'd just left, this one with a red brick exterior instead of white. "Are you still coming for dinner on Monday?" Rose asked as they slowly strolled towards the house, hands still clasped tightly together. "I wouldn't miss it," he assured her. "Mum and Dad aren't coming home till Wednesday anyway, so no reason why I can't be there." Rose smiled at him, and he was grateful that she hadn't immediately turned more sympathetic at the mention of his parents. His biggest reason for hesitating to tell anyone was because he didn't want to receive looks of pity or for people to tread lightly whenever his mum came up in conversation. He should have known better than to think Rose would do anything other than what he needed her to do, which was to stay positive, just like he'd said. "You know, Victoire has classes on Tuesday nights," said Rose, her tone a bit too innocent. "And Teddy is still pulling night shifts. It'll be awful lonely to be at their flat all by myself." Scorpius' brow rose in surprise as she glanced at him with a challenging look in her eye. "That'll be a shame," he said, keeping his tone even as he tried not to smirk. He held back a snort of amusement as Rose huffed and rolled her eyes. She stopped them just shy of the front steps, turning to face him with a slightly exasperated look on her face. "Are you going to make me ask?" Scorpius grinned at her. "Yes." Rose rolled her eyes but still smiled at him. "Do you want to come over on Tuesday night? I feel like we haven't really had a chance to be alone since we got back. Could be nice, yeah?" Scorpius thought it could be very nice, but he hesitated. "Are you sure that would be all right? Just the two of us? Alone in their flat?" "Scor, we spent the whole year with a shared common room while sleeping only a room away from each other in complete privacy," Rose pointed out. "This isn't any different." "Right," said Scorpius, chuckling lightly. "It just feels different, being out in the real world. I don't want to upset your parents or get Ted and Vic in trouble. I know we're of age, but I doubt your parents would let us spend the evening alone together in an empty house if they had a say." Rose scrunched up her face in an adorably petulant way, knowing he made a good point. "But," he said slowly, stepping towards her and wrapping his arms around her waist, "you'll have your own place to call home in two short weeks. They can't exactly have a say then." Rose's face lit up with a smile as she wound her arms around his neck. "That's true. Although, we might have to work out some sort of system. I don't fancy walking in on Al and Erin all the time, and I don't want them doing that to us either." Scorpius laughed at the look of distaste she wore at the thought. "Fair point. I can come over to the Lupins' on Tuesday if you'd like, but can you at least run it by Victoire first? I'd hate to cause you any trouble." Rose sighed, her expression adoring yet slightly exasperated as she looked up at him, her fingers lightly tickling the nape of his neck. "You're such a gentleman." "Would you rather I be a scoundrel?" he challenged, dropping his voice low enough so it almost sounded like a growl. Rose let out a giddy laugh. "Maybe sometimes." Scorpius quirked an eyebrow at her in question. "Yeah?" She pulled her lower lip between her teeth before nodding, and that was all the encouragement Scorpius needed before he closed the very short remaining distance between them. She tasted like the raspberry tart they'd had after dinner, mixed with whatever it was that was so familiar to him now and he could only describe as Rose. She sighed into the kiss, her whole body relaxing against his as he held her tightly to his chest. He flattened his palms against her back as she moved her mouth against his, her tongue coming out to swipe at his lower lip as she pulled it between her own. It was all he could do not to moan at the rush he felt from his head to his toes at the sensation. It could have been seconds or even hours before the sound of someone rapping sharply against what sounded like a glass door reached Scorpius' ears. He reluctantly pulled away, trying to reorient himself to his surroundings as Rose - who didn't appear to have heard the racket - began to trail kisses along his jaw. Scorpius gave a nervous gulp when he found the source of the noise. "Rose," he said in an effort to get her attention. She merely hummed against his cheek in response as she tightened her arms around his neck and nipped at his ear with her teeth. He shivered despite the rather warm evening. "Rose," he tried again, his hands moving to her hips so he could push her away, "your dad." She froze in her movements, her hands clutching at his hair and her mouth stilling against his neck. He barely had time to blink before she turned around and looked up at the house, her eyes immediately going to where her dad had pulled aside the curtain and was staring at them through the front window. While he didn't seem angry, he didn't seem very impressed either. Rose let out a huff before waving sarcastically at her father, who raised a questioning brow at her. Scorpius fought very hard against smiling as Rose propped her hands on her hips and wore what he assumed was a rather sassy look as she hollered up at him. "I'll be in in a minute!" Ron hesitated for a few seconds longer before nodding and walking away from the window. Scorpius chuckled as Rose sighed and turned back to face him. "See?" he couldn't help but say. "It's a different world when there are parents looking over your shoulder." Rose rolled her eyes before wrapping her arms around his waist and pushing herself up onto her toes to drop a light kiss on his lips. "I'll check with Vic and let you know when you come over to theirs for dinner on Monday." Scorpius smiled before returning her kiss as he brushed her hair away from her face. "Brilliant. You still want me to come over in the morning for breakfast?" Rose nodded before hugging him tightly one last time. He released her reluctantly before she turned and walked up the steps, pausing after opening the door to give him one last wave and a small smile before going into the house. Scorpius couldn't keep a smile off his face as he made his way back to the edge of the wards before apparating home and landing in his bedroom. He let out a content sigh, already missing Rose but enjoying the solitude after such an eventful day. His trunk was sitting at the end of his bed, still mostly packed from school. He hadn't wanted to unpack, hoping it would be fruitless. He smiled to himself, realizing he'd been right to prepare to move out soon. There were still a few weeks till he and Al moved into the Auror housing, but he planned on continuing to live out of his trunk until then, no matter what his mother might have to say about it. That had been something she'd insisted on after telling Scorpius about her illness. He wasn't allowed to treat her or their relationship differently, the only exception to this being that he was allowed to want to spend more time together if he felt the desire to do so. He'd never really unpacked his trunk before, no matter how much she'd pestered him to, so he saw no reason to change his behavior now. It wasn't until after he'd changed into a pair of sweatpants and a T-shirt and was ready to settle in with a good book for the night that he heard a rather large crash coming from the direction of the kitchen. The House Elves they employed had been given the week off, meaning Scorpius had the place to himself. The wards were set so that family members and those who'd visited before were welcome to come and go - a relaxed security that his father had been relieved to have after being stuck in the place for two years while serving his house arrest - so it could be any number of people banging around in the kitchen. Making sure he had his wand in his pocket, Scorpius quietly made his way through the dark hall and down the stairs. He heard another crash and a mumbled curse, the voice familiar enough for him to relax a bit. Once he reached the kitchen, he pushed the door open slowly, immediately seeing various metal mixing bowls and pots and pans scattered on the clean, white tiled floor. When his eyes landed on the intruder, his brow rose in surprise. "What the hell are you doing?" he asked abruptly, causing his cousin to jump in surprise and nearly drop the pan he was holding. "I - er - wanted some popcorn," Corbin said guiltily, the words almost coming out as a question. He was dressed just as casually as Scorpius, who continued to look at his cousin questioningly. "And you can't make it at your house because…?" "Because Mum thinks it's undignified and she and your mum have barely gone a day without crying," Corbin explained. "I don't fancy giving her another thing to be upset about." Scorpius sighed as he fully entered the kitchen, his mood turning more somber once again as he waved his wand and all the pots and pans that had fallen on the floor flew to the shelf that Corbin had knocked them off of in his attempt to get his hands on the proper one. "Plus," Corbin continued as he made his way over to the stove, "I figured you could use some company. This house is kind of creepy when it's empty." The somber mood in the room lifted a bit as Corbin let out a dramatic shiver. Scorpius moved to join him, waving his wand once again so the jar of popcorn came flying out of the pantry and into his hand. "Show off," Corbin grumbled. Scorpius laughed. "You're allowed to do magic now too," Scorpius reminded him. Corbin's eyes widened in surprise before he cursed himself for his own stupidity. Scorpius just shook his head in amusement as he turned on the stove and dropped a couple of kernels into the pan. "You should come visit soon," Corbin said, walking over to the island and hoisting himself up to sit on it. "The girls have been asking about you since your parents got there." "Blimey, they're six now, yeah? How're they doing?" Scorpius asked with a smile as he turned to face his cousin and leaned back against the counter next to the stove. "Well, Evie has it in her head that she wants to be a Centaur when she grows up, so that's been fun. And Emma's been doing this thing where she sneaks into my room all the time and takes things. So it would really be nice if you could, like, come distract them for a day. Maybe even take them out somewhere. I bet our mums would appreciate it." The most innocent expression grew on Corbin's face at these words. Scorpius gave him a pointed look. "The mum card? Really?" Corbin merely shrugged unapologetically as the first few kernels popped. With another shake of his head, Scorpius turned to dump more kernels into the pan. "You could make a day of it," Corbin continued. "Take Rose along. I bet she'd love that. Get to see your paternal side and all that. Girls like that shite, right?" Scorpius let out a snort. "It's a wonder you can ever get a girlfriend." "I've never had a girlfriend in my life," Corbin said with a scoff. "Seriously?" Scorpius asked, throwing a questioning glance over his shoulder at his cousin. "I seem to recall half a dozen dates to Hogsmeade over the years that at least lasted longer than a day. Not to mention whatever it is you've got going on with Charlotte Bray." "Oh," said Corbin with a dismissive tone, "we were just having a bit of fun." "Were?" Scorpius clarified. "You're not still seeing her?" "Not really," he said nonchalantly. "We'd never really defined anything, and we decided there was no point in doing so with the timing." "What about when you go back to school?" "Hell if I know. If I feel like it, maybe I'll think about starting something up with her again." Scorpius waited for the popcorn to finish popping, melting some butter that he then poured over it along with just the right amount of salt. He dumped it into a bowl that he summoned from a nearby shelf and placed it on the island next to Corbin. His cousin dug in eagerly as Scorpius grabbed them each a butterbeer. "How does she feel about that?" Scorpius asked as he leaned against the counter next to his cousin. Corbin shrugged and ran a hand through his close-cropped dark hair. "She seemed cool about it. To be honest, though, she's the first girl I've ever seriously considered really dating." He dropped into silent contemplation, and Scorpius let him, intrigued to hear what else he might confess. "I don't know, though," he said, taking the cap off his butterbeer and taking a quick swig. "I get the feeling Riley doesn't like her." Scorpius let out an amused snort. "Does Riley like anyone?" A crooked grin appeared on Corbin's face and he gave a slight chuckle. "Good point. This seems different, though. She's given Charlotte some dirty looks, but she doesn't even make fun of her or make snide comments. She's never been shy about commenting on the girls I've hung around in the past, but she's had surprisingly little to say on the subject this time around." "To you, at least." The words were out of Scorpius mouth before he'd even fully thought them through. He realized his mistake when his cousin looked at him with eager, wide eyes. "What's she said?" "Nothing much," said Scorpius, putting on his best innocent expression as he shoved some popcorn into his mouth. "Just that it's what you do. You find a girl you like, flirt a little, get a few snogs in, and then move on. She also might have called you a dimwit." Corbin frowned and grabbed a few more pieces of popcorn. "Do I really do that a lot?" He sounded vulnerable as he asked the question, and Scorpius found he couldn't tease him for it. "A bit. It's enough of a pattern that the people closest to you have picked up on it." Corbin nodded and took another drink of his butterbeer, downing about half of it before speaking up again. "Maybe she's just gotten used to it, then. Or doesn't care anymore. Maybe that's why she hasn't said anything." "Or maybe she could tell that you actually liked this one," said Scorpius. "She's a good friend, Cor. And she may act like she doesn't care, and maybe she doesn't the majority of the time, but from what I've seen, you're one of the exceptions." The only sound for a few minutes was chewing as Corbin contemplated his cousin's words. "And maybe," Scorpius continued, hoping he wasn't about to regret his next words, "she cares more than either of you know." Corbin's eyes widened as they snapped to his cousin. Scorpius had picked up on the subtleties of Corbin's relationship with Riley over the years. One of the reasons he'd known about her before he even met her was because she was friends with his cousin. He'd never approved of the friendship in the past, but he now found himself unable to think of anyone who would be a better friend for his cousin to have. And based on some of the looks he'd seen on Riley's face once Corbin had started paying more attention to Charlotte, she actually cared about where his attention was. Maybe it could be explained away by her not wanting to lose her friend, but there was always the chance there was more to it than that, even if Riley didn't know it herself. "Are you fucking kidding me, Scor?" said Corbin, his words containing shock and disbelief and even a bit of anger. "Why would you say something like that?" "Because it's probably true," he said calmly. "At least to some extent. I just don't want you to do something to hurt her, like ditch her when you finally do get a girlfriend. She doesn't have a lot of actual friends, so make sure you're a good one to her." Corbin nodded, a small smile returning to his face. "You scared me there for a minute. I thought you were saying she fancied me or something." He chuckled uncomfortably, and Scorpius smirked. "I fell for my best friend, so you never know." Corbin scowled good naturedly at his cousin, and Scorpius laughed, dodging the towel that Corbin grabbed off the counter and chucked at him. "Can we change the subject, please?" Scorpius nodded, continuing to chuckle as he grabbed the bowl of popcorn and his butterbeer. "Come on. You can help me start packing." "For what?" Corbin asked in confusion as he hopped off the counter and followed his cousin out of the kitchen. "As of today, I'm officially an Auror-in-training, which means I get to move into Auror Academy housing," said Scorpius, unable to keep a smile off his face. He turned to walk backwards so he could look at the gobsmacked expression on his cousin's face. "I'm moving out." A/N: Hope you enjoy chapter two! I was hesitant about including Astoria's health issues at first, but it ended up making sense with some other plot points and decided to give it my own spin. I'm planning on my next update being the first chapter of the Lily/Hugo/Louis spinoff, so make sure you're following me if you want to catch that update!
It had been a long week. Lily was barely speaking to anyone, Rose was off with Teddy and Victoire, and Erin was spending time with her sister. The only people Al had really been around were James and Scorpius, the former spending most of the week preoccupied with finding a flat to move into after coming home to a disaster created by Fred and Lysander one too many times. He'd been trying to move out for months, and Al had even helped him pack over Easter, but it had been nearly impossible to do during the end of the Quidditch season. Al had helped in the search a bit over the last few days, but James cared more about what Violet thought than anyone else's opinion, so Al had mostly stayed out of his brother's way. He'd spent some time at Malfoy Manor, especially during those first few days of the week when Scorpius' parents were still visiting with his aunt and uncle. His best friend had finally opened up about what was going on with his mother, and while he seemed to be handling it well, Scorpius appeared to appreciate Al's company as well as Corbin's, who was there more often than not during those few days too. But once his parents came home, Al had steered clear, giving Scorpius some time with his mum and dad. Staying away from Hogsmeade had proved difficult. Al had asked Erin before she left if he could see her at some point during the week, but since Alice had told her it would just be the two of them and that even Malcolm wouldn't be around all week, she thought it would be best to keep things that way, seeing as the trip was supposed to be about the two sisters spending time together. He tried not to let this decision disappoint him too much, and the fact that Erin assured him she'd miss him terribly and proved that with a rather thorough kiss goodnight the day before she left gave him comfort. It also made him impatient for her to return. But not having Erin around had turned out to have its perks. While it wasn't something he'd normally attempt to do, he'd been able to be there for his sister. After Lily's anger towards him had dissipated and he'd managed to calm her down, Al seemed to be the only one she was okay with talking to. Both parents had tried, but were met with stony silence and the occasional nod or shake of the head when they asked her questions. James had even made a brief attempt to talk to her, suggesting she try talking to Hugo again - which she'd attempted the morning after her break up - but she'd scowled at her eldest brother across the dinner table and he'd stayed away since. On the whole, she hadn't even talked to Al much either, but most nights over the course of the week, she'd come into his room in the evening and sit on his bed while he was busy packing things up to move into the Auror Academy housing or writing a letter to Erin. Mostly, she'd sit there quietly, occasionally asking him a question or making a comment, but it seemed that his presence was what comforted her. This was a bit surprising to Al. It wasn't like they weren't close, but of all the people she could have turned to in the absence of Hugo, he hadn't expected to be the first choice. Then again, maybe he wasn't. Hugo wasn't her only strained relationship. So, again, it had been a long week, which meant that waking up when the sun had barely begun to make an appearance on a Friday morning was not something that Al was eager to do. Yet it had managed to happen anyway. "Dad, what the hell is so important?" Al grumbled, rubbing a hand over his tired eyes as he followed his dad into the kitchen. He'd knocked on his door and dragged him out of bed only minutes ago, saying he wanted to show Al something before he left for work. "I have meetings in France all weekend, so I wanted to do this before I left," Harry explained as he opened the door that led to the garage, turning on the lights as Al followed grumpily behind him. "I figured it's been sitting in here for too long." At these words, Al froze, his eyes opening fully as he watched his dad walk around to the other side of the family car. Al knew exactly what was under the tarp next to the black sedan. "You're joking, right?" he asked in disbelief. Harry looked up at Al once he stood on the other side of the tarp-covered object, his hand resting on the front of it as he grinned at his son. "Nope," he said. "Took me awhile to convince your mum, but she came around. Wanna take a look?" Al nodded, unable to keep from grinning as he made his way over to his father just as he pulled away the tarp. The bike looked just as it had the last time he'd seen his dad take it out, the chrome shining and the leather seat nearly pristine. There were still places where you could tell it had been used, like the wear on the handles, but it had been kept in fantastic shape. "When Arthur let me have this a few months after the war, I didn't think I was ever going to touch it," Harry explained, looking at the motorbike fondly. "There was so much to be getting on with and a million things to be done. We had a lot to recover from, and at that point, it reminded me of a lot of things I didn't want to think about; Sirius, the night Mad-Eye died...even my parents, in a way. It wasn't until I started Auror training that I started working on it." "I thought Granddad fixed it," Al said in confusion. "He got it started," said Harry. "But, seeing as it was Sirius' and technically mine, he thought it only right I should decide what happened to it. I kept it in the shed at the Burrow, and whenever the job got to be too much to handle or I just needed some space to process things, I studied up on the mechanics and worked on the bike. And once I got it fully functioning again, I'd ride." He directed his gaze away from the bike and towards his son. "I'm proud of you, Albus. Your mum and I both are. But I know first hand how difficult this is going to be. The next three years of your life might not be quite the same as mine were at your age, but they won't be easy. Those moments when I was able to go out to the shed and work on the bike or go for a ride to clear my head - they helped. A lot. And I want you to be able to do the same." Al's jaw dropped in shock as his dad pulled a set of keys out of his pocket, casually tossing them to his youngest son, who caught them at the last second. "You're fucking kidding me," Al said in disbelief. Harry laughed. "Nope," he said. "It's yours." "What!?" Al nearly shouted. "You're giving it to me? I thought you were just going to let me ride it!" Harry shook his head, pride obvious on his face as he looked at Al. "I figured I should do the thing right if I was going to do it at all. Besides, I'm too old for it anyway." Al laughed, stepping forward to grip the handlebar as he twirled the keys around his finger. He couldn't believe it. For years he and James had tried to get their dad to let them take out the bike, and now it was all his. The thought of his brother made Al stop short. "What about James?" Al asked uncertainly. His dad waved dismissively. "He'll be fine. He got Sirius' name. I feel it's only right you get his bike. Besides, I'm pretty sure he swiped the map from Teddy, so he's got something. Anyway, I trust your brother much more in the air than I do on the ground. You're much better with the car than he's ever been. " Al laughed, ignoring for a moment who actually possessed the map and focusing instead on remembering the many failed attempts that his dad had made to teach his older brother how to drive. He'd eventually gotten the hang of it, but Al was still hesitant to go anywhere in the car if James was driving. "You're sure about this?" Al couldn't help asking. "I am," Harry said with a nod. "But there are a few conditions." He looked at Al pointedly, and even though he was now of age, he had a feeling his father would always have the ability to get him to fall in line. "First, it's a good way to let off steam, but I don't ever want you doing anything reckless. If you're so worked up you can't see straight or too distraught to make wise choices, I don't want you on it. Second, I know you're going to want to take your girlfriend for a ride, but just remember that she will be the most precious cargo you ever carry, and you'll have not only me to answer to should you endanger her life, but you'll have to answer to Neville as well. Got it?" Al nodded vigorously. "Also," Harry continued. "Don't let anyone else talk you into letting them drive it. Especially your siblings. Now, it's still in my name and it will remain that way until I'm confident you can handle this. Break any of the rules I've laid out and I revoke all bike privileges, alright?" Al nodded once again. "Sounds fair." Harry gave him a satisfied smile. "I know there's nowhere for you to keep it where you'll be living, so it can stay here. You can take it out whenever you like." "Brilliant," said Al, grinning as he moved to straddle the motorbike. "I have about an hour before I have to leave," said Harry, glancing at his watch as Al situated himself on the bike. "Think you can learn how to ride in that amount of time?" "Hell yes," Al said enthusiastically, and his dad rolled his eyes. "Let's see what this beautiful beast can do." Harry laughed as Al found the ignition. He slid in the key, but his dad placing a hand on his shoulder made him stop and look up. "I know I've already said this, but I really am proud of you," Harry said sincerely. "You worked really hard to be where you are, and I want you to know that I see that. And so does everyone else. You're becoming an Auror entirely on your own merit, and I don't want you to ever forget that." Al felt his chest tighten and a lump rise in his throat. He knew that becoming an Auror had been his dream because it was the only thing he could see himself doing that seemed worthwhile. And he felt like he'd be good at it. But he couldn't deny that a small part of him had always wanted to make his dad proud. Had dreamt of this exact moment when his father would look him in the eye and tell him he'd done it all himself, and that he couldn't be more proud. "Thanks, Dad," he said with a strained voice, clearing his throat a moment later and looking away from the penetrating green eyes that he'd inherited. "Hope you can still say that when I demolish all your training records." Harry laughed, slapping Al on the shoulder as he shook his head in amusement. "Don't get too cocky. No one's been able to do it yet." Al grinned cheekily at him, pausing in his attempt to turn on the bike as he remembered one of his father's earlier comments. "Dad? About the map?" Harry crossed his arms and quirked an unimpressed brow at Al's guilty expression. "You stole it from James, didn't you?" Al gave his father an innocent grin. "One might say it was the Marauder thing to do." Harry rolled his eyes and let out an amused snort. "Whatever makes you feel better." "Actually, I was thinking about giving it to Lily," said Al. His dad looked at him in surprise. "Really?" Al nodded. "I figure she could use a pick me up, but I wanted to run it by you first." Harry chuckled. "That map has never changed hands due to the consent of a parent, so let's pretend I don't know anything, and you can make the decision on your own. I have a feeling Lily will be even more pleased if she thinks she's getting away with something." Al laughed. "Maybe I should let her steal it, then. Make it even more exciting for her." "No offense to your sister, but she's not the sneakiest. I doubt she'd be able to get away with that even if you tried to let her." "True," Al said with a chuckle. "It wasn't exactly that difficult to pick up on the fact that something was going on when she started seeing Wood." "I saw them together on Christmas Eve," Harry said with a smirk. "They weren't exactly subtle." They both chuckled before falling silent, both caught up in thoughts of what Lily was going through. "You know, I broke up with your mother once." Al's brow rose in surprise. "Seriously?" Harry nodded. "I know we basically tell the story like we were together during the war, but… well, we weren't. I ended things with her at the end of my sixth year. Ron and Hermione and I were about to go off and hunt Horcruxes, and while I couldn't talk them out of putting their lives in danger, I wasn't about to put her in that position. I did it to protect her and because I thought it was what was best for her, even though she wasn't happy about it. And based off of everything that I've heard about what went on at the end of term, Caleb might be doing the same. In some way." "Lily's life wasn't exactly in danger because of their relationship," Al pointed out. "No," Harry agreed, "but all her other relationships are, and that's not something to take lightly." Al nodded, contemplating his father's words and thinking about how the strained relationships surrounding him had taken a toll on multiple people the past few months. "This thing with Erin," Harry began abruptly, seeming a bit uncomfortable with the topic but plugging ahead anyway. "It's…serious, yeah?" Al's eyes widened in surprise. "What makes you say that?" "I know you, Al," his dad said with a pointed look. "You told me on more than one occasion that you had no intention of letting a relationship distract you from your dreams of becoming an Auror. I'm willing to bet you like her a hell of a lot if you changed your mind." Al grinned nervously. "I might have been a bit dishonest about my reasoning," he said, realizing he'd have to elaborate when his father looked at him expectantly. "It was more that I didn't want to bother dating when I knew the life I wanted to live wouldn't be an easy one. I wasn't about to let myself get caught up in a that was doomed to fail as soon as the real world came along and she couldn't deal with the fact that I risked my life most days. Not to mention there's always the possibility she could end up in harm's way as well. That's not something just anyone could handle. Didn't feel like any of that was worth the risk. Does that sound mad?" Harry chuckled and shook his head. "Sounds like me." Al and his father shared a smile. "So what changed?" Harry asked. "I mean, you obviously didn't stick to your resolution." Al let out a deep sigh. "I'm not sure even I know how it happened. For a while, we were just having fun," he admitted, refusing to meet his father's eyes. "I kept myself...distant, emotionally, until she proved to me that I didn't have to have all those fears I'd held onto for so long. At least not when it came to her. And she didn't even have to try. It might sound mad, but I don't think anything's made more sense to me in the world than her." When Al finally worked up the courage to meet his father's eyes again, he was a bit surprised by the gobsmacked expression he wore. "Wow," Harry said after a slightly uncomfortable moment of silence. "I didn't expect that." Al's smile was tinted with embarrassment. "I didn't either." "She can handle it?" Harry asked. Al gave a shrug, unable to keep from grinning. "She's not just anyone." Harry grinned at his son. "You've got it bad, mate." "Shut up," Al grumbled, resting his hands on the handlebars again as his dad chuckled. "I'm not judging," Harry assured him. "I was the same way when I was your age." "Dad, can we move on, please?" Al begged, thankful when his dad took pity on him. "Fine, and I'm not the best at this stuff, but just know that if you ever do want to talk about your relationship-" "I know, I know," Al said impatiently. "I can always come to you." Harry smirked and clapped a hand on his son's shoulder. "Enough of that now. Let's get you on the road." "I can't believe he let you have the bike," said Lily as Al prepared to go meet Erin, Rose, and Scorpius the next day. She seemed equally jealous and impressed that Al had managed to accomplish something that both of her brothers had failed to do in the past. Al shrugged as he pulled his leather jacket out of his closet. "You know Dad, though," he told his sister. "It wasn't without conditions." Lily gave an amused snort and rolled her eyes. "What, like you have to drive it under the speed limit?" "No," said Al teasingly. "Like I'm not allowed to let you drive it." Lily scowled at him and crossed her arms before sinking back into his pillows. He'd taken the bike out into the driveway that morning so he could wash it and make sure it was ready to go, and his sister had immediately found him in his room after he'd come inside, having seen what he was doing through the window. "You'll let me ride with you, though, right?" she asked. "Dad let me ride with him a few times." Al sighed, acting annoyed but in too good of a mood to really be bothered by anything. "I suppose so," he allowed, and Lily's scowl disappeared slightly. She didn't smile. He hadn't seen her smile in days. The protective older brother in him wanted to fix that. "I have something for you too." Lily's brow rose in question as Al laid his jacket at the foot of the bed, grabbing his school bag that he'd yet to clean out since being home, and going to sit on the edge of the bed. "I don't really have a use for this now, since I won't be going back," he said as he dug through his bag. Lily sat forward a bit in anticipation, her eyes widening in shock as he produced a blank, folded, beat up piece of parchment. "Are you serious?" she asked uncertainly, not quite believing her eyes. Al met her questioning gaze before nodding his head. "A few weeks ago, I doubt I would be doing this right now," he admitted. "I know I haven't alway been the best brother, but I've always wanted to protect you, you know? I never saw giving you the map as a good idea, but it wasn't like James or me having it ever led to much good, so why shouldn't you be allowed the same privilege?" She wasn't smiling yet, but Al could tell she was close. "I know having this would mean a lot to you," he continued, "so I want you to have it. Just don't tell anyone I gave it to you. I'd like to keep my reputation of being your obnoxious older brother." With a smirk, he handed the map to his younger sister, who took it with a look of awe on her face. She stared at it, running her hands over it in an almost worshipful way. And then she was looking up at her brother and smiling the first smile she'd let out in a week. "Thank you," she said before getting on her knees and moving so she could throw her arms around Al's neck in a tight hug. "You're welcome," he said as he squeezed her back tightly. "Just don't lose it." "Never," said Lily, releasing him and moving so they sat side-by-side, their legs dangling off the bed as Lily continued to look at the map in her hands. "You're making progress in the older brother department. You might even slide ahead of James." "Oi!" he said in mock indignation, nudging her with his elbow as she chuckled. "I'm definitely a better brother than that wanker. I had to actually steal the map from him, and he probably wouldn't have passed it on to you if I hadn't." Lily shook her head and rolled her eyes, her smile leaving her face almost as quickly as it had appeared. "You going to be all right?" Al asked, relieved to see that Lily only hesitated a moment before nodding. "Yeah, I suppose so. Thanks, by the way. You didn't have to put up with me this week, but you did anyway." Al smiled and rubbed her back soothingly before putting his arm around her shoulder and pulling her into his side. "You're welcome," he said before kissing the top of her head. "Besides, you're only going to be my problem for a few more weeks now. Reckon I better get in as much of you as I can." Lily sighed as she relaxed into him a little more, her arms winding around his waist as he rubbed up and down her arm soothingly. "It'll be weird," she said softly. "Being there without you." Al let out a sigh and rested his cheek on the top of her head, realizing how much he really was going to miss his little sister once she returned to Hogwarts. With all she'd been dealing with the past week, he knew she would appreciate him being honest. So, rather than making a joke and laughing off the tender moment, he simply said, "I'll miss you too." She leaned further into his side, a deep and shaky sigh escaping her. "I don't think I can go through all of this without him," she said in a soft voice, and Al could tell she was close to crying, if she wasn't doing so already. "Caleb?" he asked, knowing without having to ask that she was mostly referring to life in general rather than anything specific. All of it was a bit rough at the moment. He was a bit surprised when Lily shook her head against his chest. "Hugo." Al sighed, pain on his sister's behalf clenching at his gut. He kissed the top of her head again and held her tight, knowing there really wasn't anything he could do or say to make it better. The closest thing he could compare his sister's relationship with Hugo to was the one he had with Rose. Thinking over the past school year, he couldn't imagine how he would have gotten through all of it without her. Yes, she'd been a pain in the arse a few times, but there was no way he would have been able to keep his head on straight without her in his life. He definitely would have screwed things up with Erin in an irreparable way, and he never would have been able to handle everything that went on with Scorpius. But as close as he was with Rose, he had Scorpius and Erin too. He couldn't imagine getting through the year if either of them were missing as well. It was the four of them together that made the most sense. And while he knew Lily had other friends as well, it wasn't the same. She had Lucy and Charlotte, and even though they all referred to each other as best friends, Al knew that Lily had always been a little bit on the outside of that friendship. And Bobby had always been more Hugo's friend than hers. The bond she shared with Hugo was strong and unique. He was almost more of a brother to her than Al was at times. It reminded him of the type of closeness he'd sometimes seen in Fred and Roxanne. He couldn't even begin to count the number of times people had asked if Hugo and Lily were twins. They were some of the best friends Al had ever seen, and he hoped desperately that they'd find some way to make things right. Because he knew that nothing would ever take the place of Hugo in Lily's life. A/N: We've officially branched away from just Rose and Scorpius pov! I mean, I have before, but not within the main story! Exciting times. Hope you enjoyed this! the scene with Harry was something I'd had in mind for a while and actually helped give me the push to continue with the sequel since I really wanted to write it. Next week we hear from Erin and Rose! But you might have a snapshot heading your way before then ;) Please keep the reviews coming! I'm working on getting better at responding to them, but they really do help and are so appreciated!
In exactly one month, Erin Longbottom will have spent a year without her great-grandmother. There'd been times throughout the past eleven months when she'd been so preoccupied with other things, that a day would go by where she'd barely had a thought about her gran. Of course, it had been months before that happened. And then there were the times when it felt like it was the only thing she could think about all day. Like everything around her reminded her of her great-gran. Or of her absence. She knew the summer was going to be full of those days. It was a relief to be spending time away from her childhood home. That place was full of reminders. Alice's flat in Hogsmeade would only serve to stir up memories because of the quilt her gran had made or the tea set she used to drink from. But it wasn't a place Gran had ever been. It didn't hold tangible memories. It was with a grateful attitude that Erin flooed into her sister's flat the morning after the celebratory dinner at the Potters'. She arrived a bit earlier than expected, so it wasn't much of a surprise that her sister wasn't there to welcome her, but it didn't seem like she was even up. Erin kicked off her shoes and dropped her bag on the armchair by the fire. It was only half past eight, but she'd always known Alice to be up at early hours. Sometimes with the sun. Curious, Erin made her way towards her sister's closed bedroom door, fully intent on knocking. But the sound of her sister giggling made her pause, her eyes widening when she heard a distinctly male voice follow her sister's laugh. She'd just walked in on her older sister in bed with her boyfriend. Erin stood frozen in a combined state of shock and giddy delight. She felt slightly guilty about the fact that her sister would be embarrassed, but she had every intention of not rubbing it in. At least not too much. It was about time her sister had someone that made her so happy she didn't want to get out of bed in the morning. Smirking at the events that were about to unfold, Erin knocked on the door. There was a sharp intake of breath and the voices on the other side quieted immediately. "Alice?" Erin asked, trying desperately to keep the laughter out of her voice. There was what sounded like a mad scuffling of blankets and clothes accompanied by harsh whispers, and then the door opened and Alice stepped out of her room, closing the door tightly behind her. Erin took in her sister's appearance. She was wearing her favorite purple dressing gown and what looked like nothing underneath. Her brown hair was a bit disheveled and her cheeks were flushed pink. "You're early," said Alice, her eyes wide as she gave her sister a nervous smile. "Sorry," Erin said pleasantly. "I'm still used to getting up early from school so I was up anyway. Plus, I was excited to spend time with you." Erin almost felt bad when Alice's smile turned guilty, but she laughed instead. "I'll put on some tea. Want to ask your boyfriend to join us?" Alice's eyes widened and her face turned bright red. Erin smirked before walking over to the kitchen, allowing her sister to escape back into her bedroom. Less than five minutes later, Alice and Malcolm appeared in the kitchen, fully dressed and with slightly sheepish expressions. "Good morning, Professor," Erin said smugly. She chuckled when Malcolm cringed and took a seat at the counter. "Please don't call me that anymore," he said. "You're no longer my student, and I'd rather you call me Malcolm." "I think I can do that," said Erin with a friendly smile. "Breakfast, Alice?" While Malcolm had started to relax, Alice still seemed a bit on edge. She was standing at the edge of the kitchen, almost as if she couldn't decide whether to join her sister or sit with her boyfriend. "Ally, Relax," Erin said with an amused roll of her eyes. "I'm not so innocent as to think your boyfriend never stays the night. You shouldn't' have had him over if you didn't want me to know what you get up to." Alice's cheeks turned a bit pink and she cleared her throat nervously as she moved fully into the kitchen and began pulling out eggs, sausages, and bread. "I know. We didn't exactly plan…" She trailed off nervously. Erin smirked as Malcolm rubbed at the back of his neck uncomfortably. She placed a cup of tea in front of him, catching his eye and giving him an encouraging smile. "Enjoying your time off?" she asked him. "Most definitely," he said with a smile. "I'm trying to talk your sister into taking a week or two off so we can take a little holiday." "You should!" said Erin, turning to look at her sister in excitement. "You can do that, right?" "I suppose," Alice said with a shrug and a small smile. "I'd just need to make sure things were covered here. Rosmerta told me she's always willing to come back if I need to get away for a while. She knows it can be tiring to forever be in Hogsmeade. Gets a little dull." "Not so much with me around, though, right?" Malcolm said with a grin. Alice rolled her eyes but was unable to keep a smile off her face. "Yes, the first couple of months were much duller than the last few have been," said Alice. The words were teasing, but Erin could tell that they were actually rather honest. Knowing how much her sister appreciated having someone around made her even more thankful for Malcolm. They ate a comfortable breakfast together before Malcolm left and headed to visit with his parents and sisters for the week. Erin grinned as she watched Alice timidly kiss him goodbye, obviously not fully comfortable doing so in front of her sister. What grabbed Erin's attention, however, was Malcolm's wide grin when he told Alice he'd be home the following Saturday before flooing away. "Where's he living?" Erin asked. "Is he staying at the school during the summer?" Alice didn't answer, obviously uncomfortable with the question, leaving Erin to come to the only logical conclusion. "He's staying here?" she asked incredulously. Alice's cheeks turned pink as she grabbed Erin's bag that she'd left in the chair by the fire. "He might be," Alice said with a shrug. Erin watched with a dropped jaw and a raised eyebrow as her sister took the bag into the bedroom. When she returned to the sitting room, she sat on the couch with a resigned sigh, gesturing to a still gobsmacked Erin to join her. "I suppose I can't get out of talking about this, can I?" Erin sat with a bit of an annoyed huff. "Are you saying you wouldn't have said anything if I hadn't walked in on you in bed together? Is it really that much of a struggle to talk to me?" Erin knew she'd failed to hide the hurt in her voice. It had been a rather isolated incident when Alice had opened up to her the day of Teddy and Victoire's wedding. While Erin had known some of the details surrounding her sister's past with Liam Smith thanks to her mother, her sister had barely spoken a word to her about it. Any particulars about the situation had been unknown to her before a few months ago. For a long time, Erin had assumed she and Alice were close simply based on the fact that they were sisters who spent time together. It wasn't until she was older and she realized how little her sister had told her over the years that she discovered it wasn't as true as she'd like it to be. Alice gave her sister a guilty smile. "I'm still getting used to being more open. And I know I should be able to talk to you. I want to be able to talk to you. But you saw how long it took me to be open enough to be with Malcolm. I've been so closed off for so long. It just doesn't come naturally, I suppose." "But I'm your sister," said Erin. "If you're able to talk to anyone, it should be me." "I know," said Alice. "I think I'm also getting used to the fact that you're grown up now and we can actually talk about real life stuff. It's nice, though. Almost feels like we're closer in age than we used to be." A grin formed on Erin's face, warmth filling her as she felt the bond she had with her sister strengthen. "Well, I'm glad. Because it makes it harder for me to open up when I know you won't do the same." An intrigued look crossed Alice's face, and she sat back against the arm of the couch, turning to face her sister as Erin copied her movements, both recognizing they were settling in for what could be a lengthy chat. "I never want you to feel like you can't talk to me," said Alice. "So what's been going on? We didn't really have the chance to talk much this term." This was true. While the two sisters had seen each other during the times Alice had come up to the school and Erin had come to Hogsmeade, they hadn't really been able to catch up since the last time Erin had made a visit specifically to see her sister. They'd gone shopping with Rose while Alice filled them in on what had happened at the wedding after they'd left her alone with Malcolm, as well as the status of her relationship with said professor. It hadn't been that deep of a conversation, and Erin had avoided the topic of Al, even though Alice had asked. That was still a few weeks before they were actually together. Alice had been there during the debacle that was her birthday dinner, but had been a bit too distracted by her own boyfriend to really notice what had happened. She'd been unaware of the change in her sister's relationship until Erin had told her in passing a few weeks later when she was at the castle for dinner. "A lot's changed this year, hasn't it?" said Erin as she thought over the last term. "I definitely didn't expect either of us to be where we are right now." "And where is that, exactly?" asked Alice. Erin shrugged her shoulders and gave her sister a small smile. "Happy," she said simply. "Excited about where we are in life. I was so devastated when we lost Gran that I didn't think I'd be able to ever really move on with my life and truly enjoy it. And I know you felt stuck where you were at the Ministry. Did you see all this coming a year ago?" Alice chuckled and shook her head. "Not exactly. And I have to admit that I was worried about how you'd handle Gran's death. I'm a bit surprised you're doing this well, honestly." A content smile formed on Erin's lips. "As strange as it may sound, I think we really have Al to thank for that." Alice's eyebrows practically disappeared into her hair. "Really? The same boy you complained about at the beginning of the school year because you thought he didn't care about you?" Erin rolled her eyes and stretched her leg across the couch to nudge her sister with her foot while she grinned teasingly at her. "Maybe." "I think it's time I heard the whole story," said Alice, grabbing her wand from the table beside the couch and summoning their cups of tea, giving them each a tap to warm them. "Can I ask a question first?" asked Erin. Alice nodded. "Are you in love with Malcolm?" Whatever Alice had been expecting, it had not been this question. Her eyes widened in shock and she nearly choked on her tea. "What?" she asked once she managed to stop coughing. "Why?" "Look, I know you're my older sister, but can you put aside your protective instincts and just give me some advice?" Erin asked. "Because I could really use some." Alice nodded, her expression serious. "All right. What's up?" "First, can you answer my question?" asked Erin. "Do you love Malcolm?" Alice took a deep breath, letting it out slowly as her eyes grew watery at the strength of her emotions. She failed to hold back a bright smile as she nodded. "Yeah. I do." Erin let out a breathy laugh, smiling at her sister, who laughed as well and wiped at her eyes. "Merlin, what a mess," said Alice through her laughter. "Who'd have thought love would be so overwhelming and crazy." "I know what you mean," said Erin, smiling understandingly at her sister. Alice's laughter and tears died down, and she fully registered Erin's words. "You do?" she asked with a surprised smile. Erin nodded, and both sisters dissolved into laughter once again, a few joyful tears falling as well. "You were right," said Alice once they'd managed to calm down. "I don't think I saw any of this coming a year ago." "Neither did I," Erin admitted. "So," said Alice. "Now that we've got all that out of the way, what type of advice do you need?" "Well," said Erin, growing uncomfortable. She hadn't been planning on talking to her sister about this, but after the events of the morning, she couldn't see herself talking to anyone else about it. And she found she actually did want to talk about it. "You…you and Malcolm are having sex, right?" Alice's cheeks flushed a brilliant shade of pink, but Erin was grateful when she nodded. "Did you wait? Until you were in love with him?" Alice took a deep breath, letting it out slowly and looking down at her tea before answering. "Last night was when I asked him if he wanted to stay with me over the summer. It was also the first time either of us said I love you, and the first time we slept together." "Wow," said Erin after taking a moment to process that. "That's a lot of big things all in one night." "I know," Alice said with a light chuckle. "It was exhausting, but in a good way." "I'll bet," Erin said with a smirk. Alice rolled her eyes. "Why do you ask?" "Right," said Erin. "So, I know I'm younger than you by a bit, but I don't think the love I have for Al is any less real than the love you have for Malcolm. Same goes for how they feel about the two of us, right?" Alice nodded. "Do you think that's all you need to wait for?" she asked in a rush. "Being in love?" Exactly what Erin was asking took a minute to hit home, but once it did, Alice's eyes widened a bit in surprise. "Oh. Well, no, actually. I mean, I was convinced I was in love with Liam so I slept with him. Look how well that turned out." "So what else is there?" asked Erin. "I'm not saying I'm anxious to take that step or anything," she clarified. "It's just that we sort of almost did once, but after some miscommunication, we decided to wait. Which I think was the right call. But now it's just hanging there between us, and now that I know we both love each other, it's hard to know what exactly we're waiting for." "I see," Alice said understandingly after a moment of contemplative silence. "Well, my first piece of advice would be to be sure you're in love, which you seem to be. And then I'd say that beyond just feeling a certain way, it needs to be more than that. Love is about choosing someone everyday, not just getting butterflies whenever you see them. Commitment is a big part of it. I know you're young, so maybe it's a bit early for that, but maybe not. Al's parents were together at your age. So were Ron and Hermione." Erin flushed a bit at her sister's words. The thought of her and Al having the same type of relationship as his parents and aunt and uncle both terrified and thrilled her. "My point is," Alice continued, "your feelings are important, but nothing is as important as knowing that he's there for you completely. With or without the physical aspects of your relationship. I made the mistake of believing that was what it took to commit to someone, and it's not. It's a big deal, trusting someone that completely. So I'd say don't do it unless you're sure you're ready for that." Erin let out a deep sigh, nodding at her sister's words. "And you feel that way about Malcolm?" Alice smiled. "Yeah, I do. Do you feel that way about Al?" As much as Erin wanted to answer without hesitation, she couldn't help pausing. Yes, she loved Al, and yes, she fully intended to be there for him completely. She even felt like she could safely count on him feeling exactly the same. But what Alice was talking about sounded a lot more like a lifetime commitment than she was ready to make. Not that she couldn't see herself staying with Al that long, but they were only eighteen. Surely that was too soon to know something like that. "Maybe," she eventually said with a sigh. "I don't have to know the answer to that right now, do I?" "No," Alice said with a reassuring smile. "You have plenty of time to figure that out." Erin was grateful that the conversation had left her feeling reassured rather than even more confused. Even though it brought up some questions she wasn't able to answer yet, she felt comfortable not knowing at the moment. As the week wore on, Erin was able to continue to have meaningful conversations with her sister. They talked about their relationships, the current as well as the past ones. Alice talked about where she saw things going with her future, and Erin wouldn't be that surprised if Alice and Malcolm ended up living a life very similar to the one their parents had. She could see them living a very happy life in Hogsmeade, Alice continuing to run the Three Broomsticks as Malcolm taught at Hogwarts. Not that marriage was really on the table yet. Alice had been a bit flustered when Erin brought it up, saying it was much too soon to discuss something like that. They'd only just said I love you. But Erin couldn't ignore the way Alice had been unable to stop smiling as she blushed and protested almost a little too much when the subject came up. As difficult as it was, the moments throughout the week when they'd reminisced about their childhood - which included talking about their Gran - were some of the sweetest. It had grown easier to talk about over the year, and while the approaching anniversary of her death wasn't an easy thing to handle, Erin was thankful for the time to work through her grief with her sister a little more over the past week. By the time Friday night rolled around, she felt refreshed and ready to move forward in life. Tomorrow, she'd be going to see the flat she'd be moving into with Rose. She'd get to see Al again. And life after Hogwarts would be officially underway. "What do you think is taking him so long?" Erin asked for the third time. They'd been in the flat for a quarter of an hour, and there'd been no sign of Al. "No clue," Scorpius said with a shrug, going over to join Erin at the window. "He told me on Wednesday that he'd meet us here." "Can we at least get started on taking measurements?" Rose asked impatiently, trying to not grow too annoyed by her cousin's tardiness. They only had the flat for a half hour. Pest control would be coming to make sure nothing had or would take up residence while it was empty, and no one was allowed to be in the flat when that happened. Scorpius gave her an apologetic smile and moved to join her down the hall, leaving Erin to continue staring out the window. "Do you know who's taking which room?" Scorpius asked as Rose entered the one on the left. The flat was set up so that there was a bedroom at the end of the hall that led into the bathroom, which you could also get to from the hall. The other bedroom - which they had just entered - was across from the bathroom. "Well, seeing as I have to be up a bit earlier in the mornings, I'm taking the other one," said Rose as she pulled out her wand and a measuring tape from the back pocket of her jeans. "That way I won't bother her by using the bathroom before she's up. Can you read off the measurements?" Scorpius nodded as Rose tapped the measuring tape with her wand before grabbing the notepad and pencil from the windowsill she'd set them on earlier. They moved into her room next, which was a bit smaller, though not by much. She supposed that was only fair, since she had direct access to the bathroom. Scorpius walked over to the window after gathering up the measuring tape as she jotted down the final measurements. "You're not far from the National Gallery," Scorpius commented, looking appreciatively out the window and into the side street. They were lucky enough to snag a corner flat, which meant they had a bit more natural light. Rose was ecstatic about this detail. "I know," said Rose as she came and stood next to him. "I haven't been there since my mum took me the summer after third year." "Do you want to go sometime?" he asked. Rose grinned up at him almost shyly. "Are you asking me out on a date?" Scorpius grinned back at her. "Well, seeing as I am your boyfriend, I think it's only right I do so every now and then." Rose laughed and wound her arms around his waist. She pushed up on her toes to kiss him lightly, Scorpius pushing a few strands of hair that had come loose from her ponytail behind her ears before cradling her head in his hands and kissing her deeply. Rose was surprised by how much she'd missed him over the course of the week. She'd had a wonderful time with Victoire and Teddy, and it was even better when Scorpius had joined them for dinner her second night there. While they had tried to make plans for him to come over while both Teddy and Victoire were gone the following night, it hadn't worked out. Dominique had shown up in a bit of a frenzy with the intention of seeing her sister, having forgotten in her agitated state that she wouldn't be there that night. Instead of leaving once she realized this, she stayed and told Rose all of her problems, which involved a combination of things, ranging from her uncertainty about her future and any type of career, to what was going on between herself and Lysander. Even after talking to Dominique for hours, Rose wasn't sure she had a good grasp on what was going on in her cousin's life, or if she'd been able to offer any type of advice. The main takeaways had been that Dom felt stuck in her job, knew she had feelings for Lysander, and couldn't decide whether or not to confront the situation, seeing as they had yet to discuss any type of emotions regarding each other. Dom had seemed relatively more upbeat the following morning, having stayed the night, the evening turning into a sleepover in the sitting room once Victoire got home. As much as she would have liked to have spent the evening with Scorpius, Rose was okay with the way things had turned out. She'd missed Dom during the previous school year, and part of her had been nervous to be alone with Scorpius, even if it had been her idea. Not that anything too crazy would have happened, but putting herself in the position where it could was something she wasn't sure she was prepared for. There was a difference between spending time together and happening to be alone than intentionally seeking out a few secluded hours with nothing to do but engage in activities like the one they were currently busying themselves with. Rose pushed all those thoughts aside, enjoying the moment that she'd been waiting for since he'd shown up at the flat just after she and Erin had. She still wasn't entirely comfortable with public displays of affection and had merely grabbed his hand when he'd arrived and given him a tour while they waited for Al. As far as she was concerned, her cousin could take his time if this was how they were going to be spending their time waiting. "I missed you," Scorpius whispered against her lips when he pulled away to catch his breath. "I missed you too," said Rose, not wasting another moment before pulling him a bit closer, unable to reach his lips without his help with her arms around his middle. He took the hint and ducked down further, allowing her to sink down off her toes as he kissed her again. Rose slowly moved her mouth against his as he did the same, wanting to savor the feel of him. It wouldn't be long before they didn't have the freedom to see each other every day, once work started for her and training started for him. There would most likely be more weeks in the future where they barely got to see each other. She had every intention of making the most of the next few weeks. If only Erin and Al could manage to stay out of the way. "Holy shit!" she heard Erin yell, most likely still staring out the sitting room window and waiting for her boyfriend. "Rose, you've got to come look at this and tell me I'm not hallucinating!" Rose reluctantly pulled away from Scorpius, who sighed regretfully and placed one last kiss on her forehead. "Please tell me we're not going to always be interrupted by Al and Erin." Rose laughed as she grabbed his hand and made to lead him out of the room. "We've already talked about the need for privacy. They don't want us bothering them just as much as we don't want them bothering us." "You're going to make a schedule, aren't you?" Scorpius said teasingly. Rose threw a look at him over her shoulder, which just made him laugh. When they reached the sitting room, it was just in time to see Erin walking out the front door and hurrying down the three flights of stairs to the street below. Curious now as to what Erin could be so worked up about, Rose and Scorpius followed her, both of them staring in shock at the sight that met them at the curb in front of their building. Albus Potter was straddling a rather impressive looking motorbike that was still running. He wore a leather jacket and jeans and was in the middle of pulling a helmet off his head. A brilliant smile shone on his face once it was off, and he turned off the bike. "Brilliant, isn't it?" he said, ruffling his hair as he rested the helmet on his knee. "Dad gave me the keys yesterday." "Is this Uncle Harry's bike?" asked Rose, still staring wide eyed at the scene before her. Al nodded. "Well, technically, yes. But it's as good as mine now." "That's amazing," said Scorpius, moving to stand next to the bike and taking a good look. His movement drew Rose's eyes to Erin. She was staring at her boyfriend as if she couldn't quite believe what she was seeing, her eyes roaming over the bike and Al repeatedly, taking it all in. "What do you think?" asked Al. He watched his girlfriend nervously, obviously anxious to see her reaction. Rose thought it could go either one of two ways. She'd either be excited and all about jumping on behind him for a ride, or terrified for his safety. Which was a feeling Rose was trying very hard to suppress. Or, she'd be an interesting combination of the two, as she turned out to be. "I think you better not do anything stupid on that thing," said Erin, her brow furrowed as she folded her arms and looked squarely at Al. He was quick to smile reassuringly at her and nod. "Trust me, I won't. Dad already gave me a whole spiel about not doing anything reckless. Especially when you're on the back of it." Erin perked up a bit at these words, obviously tempted. She watched as Al turned and lifted up the seat behind him, producing a slightly smaller helmet. "Good thing you're wearing jeans today," he said as he held the helmet out to Erin. "You up for it?" Rose could tell that Al desperately wanted her to be okay with this. Erin chewed on her lip nervously, but something in the way Al was looking at her must have set her at ease, because a moment later she was smiling at him and grabbing the helmet. Al beamed. "We're supposed to be going shopping," Rose said with a roll of her eyes. Scorpius chuckled as he came to stand next to her, both of them being ignored by Erin and Al, who was helping Erin fasten the helmet. "I think we've thoroughly lost them," Scorpius said in amusement. Rose let out an annoyed huff as he put his arm around her shoulders. "We'll meet you two for lunch, yeah?" said Al as Erin climbed onto the back of the bike behind him and he pulled on his own helmet. "Leaky Cauldron in an hour?" Rose gave an indulgent sigh. "Fine, just be safe!" she said, hollering the last few words as Al started the bike back up. They took off a moment later, Erin letting out a combination of a scream and a laugh as they began to make their way through London. "Promise me you'll never have one of those?" asked Rose, looking up at Scorpius pleadingly. "You're not that nervous, are you?" he asked, sounding a bit amused. "Well, you're both going to be risking your lives most days anyway," she pointed out with a huff. "I don't see the need to add something else dangerous to your life." Scorpius sighed and began to lead her back into the flat. "Anyone ever tell you you worry too much?" Rose shot him a look. "I can't help it that I'm concerned for your wellbeing." "I know," he assured her as they slowly made their way up the stairs, "and my wellbeing is fine. I don't intend on giving you any reason to worry." Rose gave him a small smile as they reached the second floor. "I know. I'll try to work on the whole worrying thing. I know you're not an-" "Insufferable arse!" came a shriek from down the hall. Rose and Scorpius stopped in their tracks as Dominique came storming out of the flat that belonged to James, Fred, and Lysander, slamming the door behind her before hurrying down the hall. They flattened themselves against the wall to move out of the way when it became obvious she had no intention of stopping. She looked on the verge of tears as she glanced briefly at Rose before moving past them and down the stairs. "Dom!" Their attention was drawn back to the previously slammed door. Lysander was standing halfway out into the hall, a look of frustration on his face. After failing to see Dominique in the hall, he swore harshly before turning around and storming back inside and slamming the door again, not even giving Rose and Scorpius a second look. They both stood there in stunned silence for a few moments before Scorpius let out a deep breath. "This should turn out to be a pretty interesting place to live." A/N: If you haven't already, head over to Snapshots and read about the night before Erin shows up at Alice's. Chapter 24! I will be posting another one about Dom and Ly soon! Thoughts on this chapter? I'd love to hear them!
"Wait, let me get this straight," James said from his seat across from Rose. "Dom was ready to actually talk to Ly about her feelings a few days ago, and you just saw the end of what was undoubtedly a huge falling out between them?" Rose nodded. They were sitting in the Leaky Cauldron, Rose and Scorpius having spotted James and Violet the moment they showed up to meet Al and Erin, who weren't there yet. James and Violet were there to meet up with Fred, Roxanne, Lorcan, and Lysander for lunch, which had led Rose to tell them what she and Scorpius had witnessed only an hour ago, along with the backstory she had in regards to Dom's feelings for Lysander. Coming from a family that was well versed in not talking about things, it had taken a while for Scorpius to get used to the way the Weasleys and Potters shared information about each other like they were swapping Chocolate Frog cards. "Do you think he turned her down?" asked Violet. "I was sure he actually liked her." "Who can really say with Ly," said James with a shrug. "He's not exactly forthcoming when it comes to his feelings. Took me ages to figure out if he actually cared about any of us." "Of course he does," Violet said dismissively as she continued to mull over the situation, a pinched frown on her face. "I know he wasn't exactly on board when we got together," she mused with a gesture between herself and James, "since he didn't want anything screwing up our friendships. Maybe that's why he doesn't want to be with her either. Thinks it'll ruin things." "Well that's a load of rubbish," said Scorpius. "Not entirely," said Rose. "You've seen what's happened because of Caleb and Lily. Things can just fall apart." "Well, they did, it appears," said James in annoyance. "If they'd just kept it in their pants to begin with, we wouldn't be in this mess." Scorpius barely refrained from chuckling at James' comment, smiling guiltily at Rose when she shot him a look. "I only meant he shouldn't have even let things get started in the first place if he thinks changing their relationship will mess things up," Scorpius explained. "It'll definitely make things complicated if they can't work it out," said Violet. "We all do so much together that it's bound to get awkward, and I can't see it working without someone getting cut out or people splitting into smaller groups." "That can't happen," James said with conviction. "We've all been friends for too long to let this mess it all up." They were interrupted by the appearance of Roxanne and Lorcan a moment later, closely followed by Fred, who was wearing his Weasley Wizard Wheezes robes. "Where's Ly?" Lorcan asked as they joined the other two couples at the table. "Not working so probably still sleeping," Fred said with an amused smirk. "He's not," said Violet, her tone and expression serious. "Rose and Scorpius were over looking at the flat she and Erin are moving into, and they saw Dom yelling at Ly and storming out of the building." "What?" asked Roxanne in shock, her wide brown eyes looking between Rose and Scorpius. "What happened?" "We're not entirely sure," said James as the newcomers listened intently. "But Dom told Rose the other day that she was getting frustrated and was ready to confront Ly about their relationship. Apparently they've never really talked about all that before." Fred snorted in amusement. "Well, it's Ly. What did you expect?" "She got a little fed up after Ly told you it wasn't worth having a girlfriend over the summer," said Rose, the thought having obviously just come to her based on her tone and expression. Fred's embarrassment at this statement was obvious, but before he could say anything to try and avoid the subject, his sister spoke up. "Is there someone you wanted to ask out?" Roxanne asked in curious excitement, Violet looking very interested in this topic as well. Lorcan and James were both doing their best not to grin. "Never mind that right now," said Fred dismissively, his face a bit flushed as he focused on Rose instead of his curious sister. "I knew she was upset about that. I even told him after she left that he'd been a bit insensitive. Turns out he only meant it would be distracting to start something up right now since we're busy looking for a place to open the shop, and we think we've actually found one." "What?!" "That's brilliant!" "Where is it?" "Oi!" Fred hollered over everyone. "I appreciate your enthusiasm but so not the point right now!" They all quieted down as Fred returned his attention to Rose. "How does she feel?" "Well," said Rose, "she was a bit hesitant to be completely open, but she wants to be with him, that much was pretty obvious." Fred smirked. "Well, if she went to talk to him about how she feels today, I don't understand how it could have gone badly, because he feels the same." "He actually told you he has feelings for her?" Lorcan asked in astonishment. Everyone's jaws dropped when Fred nodded. "What?" Fred asked, a bit surprised that they were all so shocked. "They're together, aren't they? It would be surprising if he didn't." "But they've never talked about it!" said Rose. "How was she to know?" Fred shrugged, looking uncomfortable as he took in all of their shocked expressions. "Well, she called him an insufferable arse," said Scorpius while everyone else sat in stunned silence. "So I'd guess they've had some communication issues." "What are you lot doing here?" Everyone else was pulled from their shock as Al and Erin approached the table. "Just happened to have coinciding plans," said James, taking in his brother and Erin with a calculating look. Scorpius saw James notice Erin trying to tame her obviously windswept hair, before his eyes went to Al, whose hair was pressed flat against his forehead and was putting the keys to the bike in the pocket of his leather jacket. Realization hit James a second later. "No fucking way," he said with a miserable moan. Al smirked as he pulled over chairs for himself and Erin. "He let you take it out? How's that even possible?" "Not entirely sure," said Al with a very pleased grin. "Especially considering he didn't just let me ride it." James' mouth fell open in shock. "He gave you the bike?" "Seriously?" said Fred as Al sat next to him. "That's wicked!" Al looked like he was about to go into detail about just how wicked it was, when Lorcan - who'd been sitting silently and frowning - suddenly stood from the table. "Lor, what's wrong?" Roxanne asked her fiancé as he pulled out his chair, obviously preparing to leave. "Something's not right," he said, concern obvious in his voice. "He said last night he'd be here, and if he's not…" Lorcan's eyes widened as something seemed to hit him; something no one else had realized. "Shit," he hissed out, obviously alarmed by whatever conclusion he'd come to. Everyone watched in shock as Lorcan paused only long enough to grip Roxanne's shoulder for a split second before he ran from the building, disappearing into the busy streets of Diagon Alley. "What the hell is with today?!" James asked in astonishment, but Roxanne and Fred were standing too, trading looks of concern. "It's a twin thing, mate," said Fred. "If Lorcan thinks something's wrong, something's wrong." They moved to leave the pub, everyone else feeling uncertain if they should follow as Hannah Longbottom approached them. "Are they coming back?" she asked. "I had the kitchen working on all your usual orders." Everyone exchanged looks of concern and uncertainty. "Actually," James finally said as he pulled out some money, "could you bag all that up? We'll take it to go." "Is this really a good idea?" Al grumbled as they made their way up to the second floor of the building. Rose rolled her eyes as she, Scorpius, Erin, James, and Violet started down the hall toward the flat that Fred and Lysander shared with James. "I'm sure it'll be fine," said James. "And if it isn't, we'll deal with it." "That's reassuring," said Al, letting out a slight yelp a second later when Erin elbowed him in the gut. No one was in the sitting room when they entered the flat. In fact, if Rose hadn't known any better, she'd say that no one was there at all. But then they heard the unpleasant sound of someone retching in the bathroom down the hall. James and Violet immediately rushed to see what was going on, the other four hanging back a bit, especially since there wasn't exactly anymore room down the hall. They could hear heavy breathing echoing in the bathroom, followed by someone spitting. Rose would have to guess that Lysander was the one in distress, though he hadn't seemed sick in the few moments she'd seen him earlier. Then again, his face had been a bit flushed. Maybe he was ill. They heard a few mumbled words, and then Violet was coming back down the hall and making her way towards the kitchen, distress obvious on her face. "What's going on?" Rose asked in a whisper as Violet grabbed a glass and filled it with water. "I'm not sure," she responded just as quietly, "only that Ly appears to be sick and Lorcan seems to have a firm handle on the situation, though he's a bit on edge. I've never seen Ly sick before." She made her way back down the hall, and Rose heard a few mumbled words a couple minutes later, closely followed by James, Violet, Fred, and Roxanne making their way back to the sitting room. "Can we go up to your new flat?" a distressed Roxanne asked Rose and Erin. "No," said Rose regretfully. "They're treating it for pests and we can't get back in until tomorrow." Roxanne sighed in defeat, and then they heard shuffling and mumbled words from down the hall, followed by the soft closing of a door. A very exhausted looking Lorcan appeared a moment later. "He all right, mate?" James asked in concern. Lorcan shrugged as he ran a hand through his hair and Roxanne approached him, taking his other hand in hers. "Dunno. I haven't seen him like this in a while." "What happened?" asked Fred, completely flabbergasted by the state of his best friend. "I've never seen him so…" Apparently, whatever state Lysander was in was too distressing for Fred to put into words. Lorcan hesitated, his gaze shifting around the room. "It's a bit too personal for me to share. Especially if he hasn't seen fit to do so before now." Fred and James appeared shocked that there could possibly be something they didn't know about their friend. Violet seemed to have a look of comprehension, and Roxanne looked pained for her fiancés twin brother. "We can clear out," said Al, looking at Erin, Scorpius, and Rose. "Yeah," said Scorpius, who grabbed Rose's hand with one of his, the other picking up their sack of food from where James had set it on the floor when they'd entered. "We'll leave you lot to it." Somewhat reluctantly, Rose left with her friends, knowing there wasn't anything she could have done to help, but unable to keep from wishing there was. There was a park across from their building, which had been one of the main appeals for Rose in settling there. It was small, and there wasn't much more than a few benches and some nice stretches of grass with footpaths running through it, but it was a lovely escape while still remaining in the city. They crossed the street and made their way to one of the benches, the girls sitting on it and the boys plopping down on the grass in front of them as Scorpius divided up the food. "What do you think happened?" Erin asked as she took her sandwich from Scorpius. "No clue," said Al with a shrug. "Maybe she hexed him." "I don't think so," said Rose. "He was fine when we saw him earlier." "Then maybe she poisoned his tea and it just took awhile to take effect," said Al. "You heard what Lor said, though," Scorpius pointed out. "Whatever it is, it's personal. I doubt that Lor would be that secretive about it if it was something as simple as Dom hexing or poisoning him." Al shrugged and dug into his lunch. Rose had to agree with Scorpius. Something was going on with Lysander that was much more complicated than something purely physical. The way Lorcan had talked about his brother and what they'd witnessed in the flat was eerily reminiscent of some moments she'd witnessed in her own home as a child. She remembered her mother being inexplicably sick, and her father explaining it away by saying she'd had a rough day, though with obvious concern on his face. Rose couldn't remember it happening as much after she left for Hogwarts, but then she'd rarely been at home. In fact, she couldn't remember the last time it had happened. "I hope he's okay," was all she said, thinking it best not to pick apart what had happened any more than was necessary. They finished their lunch and finally did the shopping they'd been planning to do earlier in the day. Thanks to Erin and Rose both saving at least some money over the years, they were able to afford a couch, an armchair, and a kitchen table, all second hand but in decent shape. The table didn't have chairs to go with it, so they had fun each picking out their own chairs, none of them matching but all roughly the same size. It would be eclectic and lack elegance, but Rose and Erin were both okay with that. The final week leading up to their move was spent packing boxes and even tossing out things they no longer needed. Rose had never moved before, so it took days to finally go through all of her things, a lot of them being packed into boxes that her parents would store in their attic. She'd managed to narrow the stuff she was taking with her down to only twelve boxes plus her trunk, a feat she was proud of. Due to the building being mainly a Muggle one, they had to move in manually. But they weren't without help. Al and Scorpius were there bright and early to help on moving day, as were a reluctant Hugo and an excited James. Rose had gone by the Potters' the day before and asked Lily if she wanted to come, but, knowing Hugo would be there, she'd made up some excuse, assuring Rose that she'd come by a few days later and once they were all settled. Lily seemed better than she had a few weeks previously, but there was still a melancholy to her that Rose wasn't sure was going to go away as long as she remained on the outs with Hugo. "Don't you know you're not supposed to fill a box with just books?" Hugo grumbled as he carried a box into the flat, nearly dropping it on the floor of the sitting room. "Sorry," said Rose with a grimace. "I tried to spread them out." Hugo gave an annoyed grunt and left to fetch another box, leaving Rose to continue unpacking the box of cooking ware that Erin had been given by her mother. While the rather rotten attitude that Hugo had at the end of the school year had thankfully disappeared, he was still in a bit of a sour mood. Rose was just grateful he was no longer taking things out on other people. She knew that whatever talk he'd had with Lily only strengthened the divide between them. It was obvious that both were hurting, and Rose had to physically restrain herself from locking them in a room together and forcing them to sort out their issues. "Dad and Ethan are outside with the beds," said Erin, carrying her own box into the flat. They'd been able to procure spare beds from the Leaky Cauldron that were still in decent shape. Both girls made their way down to the front of the building, knowing they'd need quite a few sets of hands to bring up the beds. When they reached the street, however, they found there were more than enough people to handle it. "You should hold it from the bottom," said Dom, standing back and appraising the way James and Lysander were carrying one of the bed frames. The latter rolled his eyes but adjusted his grip anyway. "I'd like to see you do this," he said, teeth gritted under the weight of the solid wood frame. "You'd be surprised what I can manage to do with a bed," she said with a smirk and a wink at her boyfriend, who rolled his eyes again but couldn't hide his smile and slightly pink cheeks. "Can you two stop flirting long enough for us to get this upstairs?" asked James impatiently, and Lysander immediately began walking backwards into the building, James following after him as they carried the bed frame. It had been a bit of a shock to Rose to see Dominique appear on the front stoop with scones and tea and coffee for everyone that morning, her attitude bubbly and much more upbeat than it had been when she'd been storming out of the building a week ago. Rose had been so busy preparing for her move, that while she hadn't forgotten what was going on in her cousin's life, she hadn't had time to keep up with what had happened over the past week. So it was also a shock to see Dom beam in delight when Lysander appeared about an hour after she'd arrived, hear her tease him about his sleep disheveled hair, and then to watch as Lysander stole Dom's tea and finished it off before smirking and kissing away her affronted expression. "You two seem to be getting on better," said Rose as she approached Dominique, who shrugged but smiled. "We worked things out." Rose looked at her pointedly, but Dom just smirked at her. "You're no fun," Rose pouted playfully, and Dom laughed. "I'll dish later," she promised. "I happen to spend a lot of time in your building, so there will be plenty of opportunities." The other bed and the mattresses were brought up to the flat, along with the new couch, chairs, and kitchen table. It was barely put together, but it was already starting to feel like a home. "This is actually pretty nice," said Ethan, taking in the flat and downing a bottle of water. "Did you think it wouldn't be?" asked Erin, who was sitting on the floor and beginning to pull picture frames out of a box. "No," said Ethan with a roll of his eyes. "You just never know with first flats." "Definitely nicer than that shitty walkup Teddy had," said Hugo as he brought in the last box. Everyone chuckled. It was a bit of a tight fit at the moment to have so many people in their flat. James and Ly were back in one of the bedrooms setting up one of the beds, while Scorpius and Al tackled the other one. Neville, Ethan, and Dom were in the living room with Erin - Dom and Neville sitting on the couch and drinking water while Ethan looked out the window and Hugo joined his sister in the kitchen. Despite the fact that they were practically bursting at the seams, Rose loved having so many people there, and she was looking forward to future moments when even more people would be filling the small space. Her parents were planning on stopping by within the next hour. "My Hogwarts letter and O.W.L. results came this morning," Hugo said through a mouthful of chocolate biscuits. Hannah had provided them with plenty of treats to get their kitchen started, and Hugo, Al, and Scorpius had taken advantage almost instantly. "Really?" Rose asked excitedly as she continued to put dishes away. "How'd you do?" "Not bad," he said with a shrug. "I passed everything but Divination. Guess Mum was right about that one." Rose chuckled and shook her head. "I told you you should have taken something else." "Yeah, well, you're the one who failed to take a class you wound up needing," he said with a teasing grin. Rose shot him a playful scowl. "When do you start working toward your Ancient Runes N.E.W.T?" "Well, McGonagall said that-" Rose was abruptly cut off by the sound of someone hollering from the direction of the hall outside the flat. "James!" came the call once again, and Rose shot a concerned glance at Hugo when she recognized Lily's voice. It was obvious Hugo had too by the way his easy demeanor quickly changed to be on edge. "In here!" Dom yelled back, not bothering to get off the couch. A moment later, a slightly out of breath Lily entered the room. She was still dressed in her pajamas and had a bit of soot on her face, leading Rose to assume she'd flooed to her brother's flat and had w here after she failed to find him. She took a sweeping look around the room, her eyes pausing for a minute on Hugo behind the counter that separated the sitting room from the kitchen. "Where's James?" "Back there," said Erin, pointing down the hall and looking at Lily in confusion. Her hands were clenched into fists, a letter gripped in one of them. "James!" Lily yelled once again, moving further into the flat. "Al!" Both brothers emerged a moment later, Al following behind James and looking at their sister in concern. "Lily, what's wrong?" asked James. Much to Rose's surprise, Lily's face split into an ecstatic smile. She tossed something at James from the hand that wasn't holding the letter, and James caught the small, shiny object just before it could hit him in the chest. He looked down at it and blinked a few times, a smile appearing on his own face as Al looked over his shoulder and prepared at the object in his older brother's hand. James' eyes snapped to Lily, who continued to beam and held up the letter. "I'm Captain!" A/N: My apologies for being so late! Blame it on life changes or travel or sickness or all three, cause it's been a crazy few weeks. I've missed these kids and I hope you did too! I posted a snapshot of Dom and Ly a while back that you should go read, and I have a follow up to that that you might see later today and at least this week. Please keep reviewing! It keeps me going. I love hearing about what characters you want to see more of or even things you want to see happen. I only have a rough outline of main plot points for these stories so I always love some good inspiration for things that happen to help us get there or even just on the side. the mashed potatoes are just as tasty as the steak in my opinion! Bless you all!
Their free summer days flew by faster than Rose would have liked. In only three days, she and Erin would be starting their respective jobs, and Scorpius and Albus would begin Auror training. Since the day was a beautiful one, they decided to take advantage of the final Friday they would have as simple teenagers. After spending the morning with their own families, Rose, Erin, and Al met up with Scorpius at Malfoy Manor, the sun shining and a dip in the pond on the agenda. Scorpius had told Rose about the pond when they'd gone skating on the black lake at Hogwarts, and she'd been curious to see it ever since. A basket of drinks and snacks was prepared, and the four of them set out from the Manor. They already had their swimwear on under their clothes as they headed towards the line of trees at the end of the back yard that was large enough to play a decent game of Quidditch in. To the left, Rose could spot what looked like a vegetable garden, and to the right was a greenhouse that Scorpius explained was where his father grew some of the potions ingredients he used. They practically had to drag Erin along with them after she heard this. "I'm sure you'll have plenty of time to explore on Monday," Al assured her, one arm around her shoulder and both of their towels in the other. Erin rolled her eyes in annoyance but fit herself into Al's side, her arm around his waist as she held his wrist that was hanging over her shoulder with her other hand. "You're no fun," she said a bit grumpily. Al laughed and pulled her closer to his side. "I think the point of today is having fun outside of our responsibilities. No more school, no work, no training. Just us and the sunshine." Scorpius gave an amused snort. "Very poetic." "Well, it's the truth," said Al, a crooked smile on his face as Scorpius glanced back at him. Scorpius shook his head in amusement as Rose grabbed his hand. "He's right," she said with a grin. "As much as it just might kill me to do so, I'm determined not to talk about the fact that I'm nervous about Monday, or that I now have to decide if I'm going to take my Ancient Runes N.E.W.T. since I got my O.W.L., or that our lives are all officially changing tomorrow." She said all this quite quickly, and the others laughed, knowing just how difficult it would be for Rose to refrain from talking about everything she'd just mentioned. "I was asking James about going to a match once the season starts," said Erin, effectively changing the subject at least somewhat. "Do you know when you'll have a schedule for your weekends off?" "Hopefully by Monday," said Al. "We do all the orientation stuff and I assume that's the type of thing they'll let us know about." "Ethan was telling me that it's not necessarily every three weeks that we get a day off," said Scorpius as they reached the line of trees. He led them between a few that were spaced a little further apart, a well worn footpath guiding their way. "Any clue why that is?" Al shrugged. "Maybe it has to do with the trainers schedules? Or the fact that there are sometimes five weekends in a month so it's not like they can keep it regular anyway?" "Well, either way," said Rose, "it really would be nice to know so we can make plans." "What type of plans do you have in mind?" Scorpius asked with a slightly teasing smile. "Quidditch matches, for one," she said, pointedly ignoring his smirk at the fact that she was already trying to schedule things. "And my dad said something about wanting to spend more time with you." They all laughed at the slightly fearful look Scorpius wore. He really didn't have any reason to worry. At least, no more than any boy would when it came to the father of their girlfriend. Even if he acted like he was still measuring him up, Rose knew her dad liked Scorpius very much, even perhaps against his will. She couldn't blame him, really. Scorpius always behaved like the perfect gentleman when around her parents, while also being warm and friendly and respectful. He'd been over to their house a handful of times over the summer, and dinner with her parents had grown increasingly more comfortable each time it happened. And she'd been over to have dinner with his parents a few times as well. This made Rose more sympathetic to Scorpius' nerves when it came to her own family. It had gone well, and while his mother's warm and familiar attitude set her at ease, she wasn't used to the rather stoic Draco Malfoy; so different from her own father, but just as determined to see his child happy as her dad was. Scorpius had assured Rose that both of his parents loved her, and she believed him, but still knew that it would be a long time before they'd be having any type of joint family gathering. The party they had when they'd been named Heads was one thing. Just their families sitting down to dinner with the knowledge that they could very well be family themselves in the future - if things went the way Rose believed she wanted them to - was another. It was a thought that equally thrilled and terrified Rose, but she was thankful it was far enough in the future that she didn't have to worry about it quite yet. When they reached the pond, Rose shoved all these thoughts to the back of her mind, a smile overtaking her face as she took in the rippling water, chirping birds, and breathed in the wonderful scent of summer. They walked out across the dock that led into the water, which was big enough for all of them to lay their towels down on. Al and Scorpius barely wasted another second before pulling off their T-shirts and jumping into the cool water. "You not getting in?" Erin asked Rose as she pulled her wavy blonde hair up into a ponytail. "In a bit," said Rose, trying to not let her lack of confidence show through her smile. Erin shrugged off Rose's reluctance along with the shorts and tank top she was wearing, revealing a dark green two piece that was modest yet still showed quite a few inches of skin around her waist. "Get your arse in here, Longbottom!" said Al, pausing in his attempt to dunk Scorpius to holler at his girlfriend. Erin placed her hands on her hips and glared at Al. "Don't talk about my arse, Potter," she said, her tone dangerous, but mischief in her eyes. Al arched an eyebrow and worked to contain a grin. "Not even to tell you that I think it's fantastic?" Al missed the slightly uncharacteristic blush that appeared on Erin's cheeks as Scorpius chose that exact moment to put his friend in a headlock and pull him under the water. Rose grinned, momentarily forgetting her own insecurities as Erin blinked rapidly a few times before shaking herself out of whatever stupor Al's words had caused her to fall into and jumping into the water. "Rose, come on!" Scorpius said after Al had escaped him, only to be pounced on by Erin a moment later. "It's too bloody hot to stay out of the water." Rose couldn't help returning his smile and began working her hair into a plait, a sign Scorpius accurately interpreted to mean she was preparing to join them. With jittery hands and slightly unstable legs, Rose stood on the dock, her hair secured and her fingers playing at the edge of her tank top. Stealing herself and taking a deep breath, she pulled off her shorts and kicked them aside before quickly ripping off her tank top. Scorpius and Erin were both distracted by ganging up on Al, and Rose took the opportunity to nervously adjust her swimsuit before jumping into the water while no one was watching. She came up, flipping her plait over her shoulder and rubbing the water out of her eyes just in time to see a grinning Scorpius swimming towards her. "Nice of you to join us," he said with a slightly teasing tone, ignoring the overly dramatic cry for help that was coming from Al as Erin continued to climb on him and pull him under the water. Rose rolled her eyes but smiled at him. His own smile faded a bit as he noticed the shiver Rose tried and failed to hide. "Are you cold?" he asked, moving even closer to her. Rose reached out her hands as she saw him do the same, the water coming up to just below her shoulders and about halfway down his chest. "No," she said honestly, shaking her head as his hands found hers. He gripped them and pulled her closer. "You sure?" he asked, his concern beginning to be replaced by a smile. "'Cause I could help with that if you are." Rose giggled and shook her head, a gasp escaping her as he suddenly pulled her close. And then his hands slipped from hers and found her waist, and his smirk fell away to be replaced with a look of wide-eyed surprise as his fingers curled around bare skin. "Um…" he said, his tone a bit uncertain and his eyes alight with what she could only describe as excitement. "What…um...what are you wearing?" Rose gave him a tentative smile, completely understanding his shock. "Victoire took me shopping during the week I spent with her. I know it's…different from what I usually wear, but…" "It's great!" he said quickly, correctly interpreting the slightly nervous look she wore. "I mean," he continued, moving back a bit to look down at what was probably a slightly distorted view of her in a deep purple two piece that was slightly less modest than Erin's. "You look great." Rose felt some of her nerves dissipating, matching smiles growing on their faces as Scorpius pulled her closer once again. She really had never worn anything like it before, mostly sticking to a modest one piece, and she'd nearly refused to let Victoire buy it for her. But even though part of her still felt a bit self conscious, Rose was glad she'd not only bought it, but decided to wear it. And not just because of Scorpius' obvious appreciation - reinforced by the way he continued to hold her and lightly stroke her side with his thumb - but because after years of spending most of her time hiding under robes and her personally enforced obligation to be as respectable and responsible and straight-laced as possible, she'd finally decided to begin to let loose. To embrace the part of her that had always wanted to be a little more sexy and feminine and a bit more adventurous. Not that she wasn't all of those things already in some way, but this was a way she'd yet to explore, and she was enjoying it so far. "Thanks," said Rose, resting her hands on his arms and squinting against the sun that was shining brightly overhead. "Though I can't quite take your word for it since you can't really see me." Scorpius smiled at her, pulling her close to him again and allowing his hands to trail up and down her sides, causing Rose to shiver once again. "We'll take care of that later," she said, trying to add a teasing tone to her words, though knowing she still sounded a bit flustered by his closeness. Their moment was ruined a second later by a wave of water crashing into Scorpius' back, both of them losing their footing a bit and Scorpius spluttering as water dripped down his hair and into his face. "Oi!" Al hollered from behind Scorpius. "Now is not the time for that type of fooling around." Rose blushed but managed to laugh as Scorpius turned to retaliate. The next hour was spent in an ebb and flow of messing around and lazing about in the water. They eventually took a break to get out and sit on the dock and grab some drinks and a bite to eat, Rose's swimwear earning a wink and a smirk from Erin, a grin and an eyebrow wiggle from Scorpius, and a frown and a question from Al. "It's obviously a swimsuit, Al," Erin said after her boyfriend had rather pointedly asked what his cousin was wearing. "Don't be a prat." Al looked like he was about to argue, but he refrained when Erin shot him a warning look, and most likely completely forgot the topic entirely when she came around in front of him and sat between his legs. Rose joined Scorpius on his towel, wrapping her own around her as she sat beside him and rested her head on his shoulder. They sat there in comfortable silence and companionship. Erin was munching on a bag of crisps, occasionally offering it to Al so he could have some. They all had cold bottles of butterbeer, and Rose sighed in contentment as Scorpius placed his hand on her bare knee, his thumb rubbing circles into the side of it as she turned her head to place a kiss on his shoulder before resting her temple against it once more. "I'm going to miss this," she couldn't help saying with a sigh. "The summer?" Al asked. Rose shrugged. "That's part of it, I suppose," she allowed. "I guess I more mean moments like this. No responsibilities and nothing to worry about. Just all of us together and happy." She felt Scorpius sigh and then duck his head down to kiss the top of hers. "We can still have these moments," he said, his hand momentarily gripping her knee a little tighter. "They might feel or look a bit different, but we'll make them happen, yeah?" "Absolutely," said Al, and Rose gave her cousin a grateful smile, happy that he wasn't choosing to dismiss her sentimentality as silly. He wrapped his arms around Erin and pulled her back against his chest, his chin resting on the top of her head. "We've stuck together this long, and I don't think any of us want that to change." Erin nodded in agreement, her eyes closing in contentment as she laid her arms over Al's around her waist. "Things will only change if we let them," she said, her words sincere and certain. Rose breathed a sigh of relief. She knew they all cared for each other, but it was always a fear that you would drift apart from the people you care about once change happens. Especially if whoever you were trying to hold onto didn't try to hold onto you. And even though they'd had their ups and downs over the past year, Rose didn't see any of them letting go. However, she couldn't help having the smallest amount of fear at the realization that things were always able to fall apart again, no matter how much you might not want them to. Their day spent together helped to reassure Rose, and after a few more hours lounging in the sun and the water, they all headed back towards the Manor, Al walking ahead with Erin on his back as Rose and Scorpius trailed behind them. "You're not that worried about things changing, are you?" Scorpius asked her, his voice quiet so it wouldn't carry. Rose shook her head and slipped her hand into his. "No, not really," she assured him. "At least, not as far as we're able to have a say in it. But some things are always going to be outside of our control. I just don't want us letting those things do more damage than they have to." "And we won't," he assured her, pulling her close so he could kiss the top of her head. "Whatever those things might be, we won't let them mess this up, all right?" Rose gave him a tender smile, stopping and turning to face him as they neared the house. "Thank you," she said. "I know I can be a bit pessimistic and cynical about these things, so it's good to be reminded every now and then just how much it means to you that we have each other. How much you care." "Of course I care," he said sincerely, slipping his fingers from hers so he could cup her face with both of his hands. He seemed hesitant and almost nervous for a moment before he spoke again. "Rose, I-" "Scorp! Get in here!" Al hollered from the house. Scorpius cursed under his breath before stepping back from Rose and turning to face his best friend, who'd reached the house and was now leaning out the back door that led to the kitchen, an eager look on his face. "If this is because my mum made brownies…" Scorpius grumbled under his breath as Al disappeared back inside. Rose chuckled as she slipped her hand back into his and began leading him towards the house. "Come on. You can finish what you were saying later. It's not like we really expected to have uninterrupted time anyway. Today was about all of us being together." "I suppose," Scorpius said with a sigh. "But you can't blame me for wanting you all to myself every once in a while." Rose laughed as they reached the back door and he held it open for her. "I suppose I can't. Especially when I want the same with you." Scorpius smiled at Rose, surprising her a moment later when he stopped her from going into the house, his hand tightening around hers and pulling her back to him. She only had a moment to wonder what he was doing before he kissed her, his skin warm from the sun as her hand instinctively went to rest against his cheek, and his lips firm against hers. "Well, look who grew up while I was away." Rose abruptly pulled away from Scorpius at the unfamiliar deep voice, turning to stare wide eyed into the kitchen. A man with light brown hair and a thin but handsome face was smirking at them as he leaned against the countertop in the middle of the room. He was of a slim build and tall, similar to her father. Rose would guess that he was about the same age as her father as well, but she had no clue who he was until Scorpius exclaimed excitedly from behind her. "Uncle Theo!" The man in the kitchen smiled brightly, showing slightly crooked teeth that somehow made him even more handsome as Scorpius walked around Rose and towards him. Rose hesitantly moved forward, grateful that she'd decided to put her clothes back on over her swimwear as Scorpius shook the wizard's hand before being pulled into a firm embrace. "Did Dad know you were coming?" Scorpius asked after pulling away, his face lit with excitement. "Nah, figured I'd surprise you," said Theo with a roguish grin. "Drake's getting a bit boring in his old age and could use some excitement every now and then." "Merlin, it's been ages!" said Scorpius. "Have you settled anywhere? Are you still traveling?" he asked as Rose moved to join Al and Erin, who were on the other side of the counter from Scorpius and Theo. Erin was watching curiously, while Al seemed almost as excited as Scorpius. "For the most part," said Theo, pausing to take a drink from what looked like a bottle of ale before continuing. "I've got a few places here and there, but business keeps me pretty mobile. But what about you! You seem to be doing well. Head Boy and now onto the Aurors! And I'm assuming this lovely young witch is the girlfriend your mother went on about when I showed up, yeah?" For the first time, his attention was directed at Rose, and she felt herself blushing as she smiled at Scorpius' godfather. As soon as Scorpius had said his name, Rose realized exactly who was standing in the kitchen. It had been so long since Scorpius had mentioned his godfather - let alone seen him - that his presence was completely unexpected to Rose. From what she'd heard, he somehow worked in trade and had even worked with Draco for a bit of time after Hogwarts, helping him to get his business going. While Draco had served a sentence of a few years under house arrest, Theodore Nott Jr. hadn't been convicted of any crimes after the war, even though his father had been a Death Eater and was sent to Azkaban, just like Draco's father had been for a time. Rose didn't think Nott Sr. had ever been released, though. From the way people talked, he'd been one of the cruelest Death Eaters. Especially when it came to his treatment of Muggles. As far as Rose could remember, Scorpius hadn't seen his godfather since Christmas his third year. That had been the first time Al was allowed to spend an extended amount of time at Malfoy Manor, and he'd come home with stories of Scorpius' Uncle Theo and how cool he was. The following year was when Rose had actually gotten to know Scorpius, and while he mentioned his godfather often enough, he hadn't said anything about seeing him, and even made comments in their sixth year that he wasn't even sure where he was. He'd even mentioned that he hadn't heard from him in a while whenever Al asked about him. Rose couldn't remember Theo ever coming up in conversation over the past year, and Scorpius seemed just as surprised by his godfather's sudden return to his life as Rose was. She did her best to calm her nerves and smile as she was introduced. "Uncle Theo, this is Rose Weasley," said Scorpius, obvious pride in his voice as he smiled at her. His attention on her, however, caused him to miss the tightening of the smile that his godfather was giving Rose, but she picked up on it easily. "Weasley, eh?" he said, his tone light as he stuck his hand out to shake Rose's. "I thought you'd have learnt by now to stay away from that lot after this one." He jerked his head towards Al, causing both boys to chuckle as he smirked. It was obvious they thought it was a joke, and he definitely did an impressive job of playing it off like one, but Rose wasn't convinced. There was something cold in his eyes even as he chuckled. "Not that I blame you," Theo continued, this time giving Rose a much more genuine smile, almost making her believe that she'd been imagining the dislike she'd picked up on only moments ago. "She's just as pretty as your mum said she was." Rose felt herself blushing at the compliment as Scorpius moved around the counter to stand behind her, his arms circling her waist as he kissed her temple. "So why are you here?" Scorpius asked his godfather, excitement still in his voice. "What've you been up to?" "Ah, you know," Theo said with a dismissive wave. "Same old rubbish as always. I'm partly in town on business, but I also heard about your mum. Figured it was about time I check in." The atmosphere turned a bit somber at this, but Theo didn't seem to be the type of person to let himself or others be down long. "I plan to have a good time while I'm in town too," he continued. "Ruffle a few feathers and visit some old friends." He'd said this with his familiar smirk returning, and his words made Scorpius tense slightly. "You're not seriously planning on bothering her, are you?" he asked almost imploringly. Theo gave him an innocent look and shrugged. "You know she just comes to Dad and complains about you whenever you do this," Scorpius continued. "Rather violently, I might add." Theo laughed. "Oh, I bet Drake hates that," he said, not really sounding that guilty at all "I thought I told you not to call me that," came the resigned voice of Draco Malfoy. He was standing in the doorway to the kitchen, his arms crossed and an irritated expression on his face as Theo grinned innocently. "Come on, Drake," he said teasingly. "You know you've missed me." Draco rolled his eyes. "Don't be so sure, Theodore. Now come on, let the young people get themselves cleaned up. Dinner's almost ready." At his father's words, Scorpius led the other three from the room, leaving Theo with a disgusted look on his face after being called by his full name. "I didn't see anything cooking," Rose said in confusion as they made their way up the stairs. "That's because there's another kitchen," Erin said in excitement. "Mr. Malfoy showed me when he gave me a tour last week. It's massive and it's on the other side of the house." "My mum typically has the meals cooked there," Scorpius explained. "The kitchen we were just in is more for snacks and drinks and that kind of thing. The other one is too far away from the side of the house we live in for it to be convenient, so Dad had the smaller one added on. My grandparents never served themselves anything, but Mum likes to bake and Dad's come around to the idea of doing stuff for ourselves a bit more, so it made sense." "Do you have elves in the other kitchen?" Rose asked skeptically as they reached the top of the stairs. They turned to the right before they began to make their way down a long hallway. "Two, and they're both paid," said Scorpius with a smile. "My parents have a few other witches and wizards that come in part time to do some cleaning and things when the elves take time off, but I think they're going to have someone here on more of a permanent basis now that Mum's not always going to be able to do everything on her own." They didn't have to linger in uncomfortable silence for very long as they reached a door that Scorpius opened, leading them into what could only be his bedroom. The walls were the same white as the rest of the house, contrasting with the dark marble flooring. Scorpius had once said that the walls used to match the floors, but his grandmother had made a lot of changes after the war. Rose could imagine just how dark it used to be, and was glad for the modifications. There were blue rugs on the floor, a softer shade than she probably would have predicted, but his full sized bed that was centered against the wall on the left side of the rather large room was covered in luscious pillows and a comforter in a deep navy. The furniture was black and included a chest of drawers and a bookshelf on either side of the door, a side table by the bed, and a desk by the window on the back wall that looked out towards the front of the house. There was also a navy blue armchair in the corner between the window and his side table. To the right were two doors; one that led to a bathroom and the other, a closet. "Who were you talking about Theo not bothering?" asked Erin as she and Al sat on the bed and Scorpius opened his closet. "Pansy," said Scorpius with a sigh. "She's his ex-wife, and it's always been a rather...turbulent relationship, from what I've seen and heard. You remember her showing up the last day of your visit in third year?" he asked Al. "Bloody hell, is that who that was?" Al asked with wide eyes. "She went off on your dad like I've never seen, and I've seen some tempers when it comes to females thanks to my family." "What did he do?" asked Rose, shoving Al slightly as she joined him and Erin on the bed. "Well," said Scorpius, coming back out of his closet with a fresh change of clothes in his hands, "Theo drove off some bloke she was seeing, and Dad eventually slipped her a calming draught, I think. Not the best practice, but he probably would've been obliterated if Mum hadn't managed to disarm her." "Why did she yell at your dad for that?" Erin asked in confusion. "Because she reckons it's all his fault that she and Uncle Theo have issues in the first place," said Scorpius with a roll of his eyes. "She and Dad were a bit of an item in school, and even though Dad and Uncle Theo don't have any issues because of it, Pansy always seemed to resent Uncle Theo for not being a lot of things my Dad is, which is a bit ironic seeing as he was the one who was an actual Death Eater. But Theo could never settle down and never kept a steady job, and she was used to the high bred pure blood lifestyle. I guess she figured that's what would happen when they got married, only it didn't." "Did they ever even like each other?" asked Erin, fully engrossed in the story. "Dad says they did," said Scorpius with a shrug. "Head over heels for each other, apparently. The three of them and my aunt and uncle actually really came together after the war. My dad was the only one on house arrest, and they spent a lot of time here. Dad said that's when things changed between Pansy and Theo, as well as between Aunt Daphne and Uncle Blaise. My dad met my Mum during his last year of his sentence too. He's always said that all those relationships were why he decided not to leave the house once my grandparents died. It took a lot during the war, but it ended up giving a whole lot back as well." Rose sat in stunned silence. She couldn't ever remember Scorpius talking quite this openly about anything concerning his family's involvement in the war. It drove home for her just how much he'd not only grown up over the past year, but how much he accepted exactly who he was, including all the baggage that came from his family history. Her heart swelled with affection for him, but there was nothing she could currently do to express it as Scorpius said that the girls could change in the bathroom, while he and Al did the same in the bedroom. They were all changed and refreshed only a few minutes later, and Rose found herself looking questioningly at Scorpius as he held her back and told Al and Erin they'd be right behind them as they left to head downstairs. "So? What'd you think?" Rose looked at him in confusion. "Of what?" "Of Uncle Theo," he said. "I know I hadn't prepared you to meet him since I didn't even know he was going to be here, but did you like him?" "Oh," said Rose, a bit taken aback at being asked so directly. "Well, I barely got a chance to form an opinion," she admitted, continuing quickly when she saw disappointment begin to appear on his face, "but he seems lovely. And I know he means a lot to you, so I'm excited to get to know him." Scorpius smiled brightly. "I'm excited for that too. I hope he sticks around for a bit this time. I'd love for two of my favorite people to finally know each other." Rose smiled encouragingly at him, and he pulled her close against him, his arms around her waist and hers around his neck as they simply held each other. And as excited as she wanted to be for Scorpius - who was obviously delighted with his godfather's return - Rose couldn't shake the feeling that it might not be as great as it seemed. A/N: Wow. It's been awhile since this one got an update. If you're not following me or any of my other stories, there are a few new snapshots and a chapter in Patience is a Virtue that you can go read! I also posted a Teddy/Victoire oneshot that is connected to this world. Thoughts on this chapter? Some fun new developments that I'm very much looking forward to exploring. I'd love to hear your thoughts! Thanks for reading and reviewing. Also, I accidentally posted this in Show a Little Faith, so my apologies to those who got that notification!
"All right, you lot, listen up!" the rather intimidating looking Auror shouted from the front of the room. "I know most of you know this already, but it doesn't hurt to have a refresher on the rules, so pay attention." After getting settled into their housing over the weekend, the new trainees - as well as the returning ones - had all gathered in a large training room. It was filled with exercise equipment on one end, and a large padded area for sparring on the other. There were areas for target practice off to one side, and a track that ran around the whole room. All the trainees were currently standing on the sparring mats while their head trainers addressed them. Al had been in this room a handful of times before, either as a kid while visiting his dad, or later on once Teddy became an Auror. It filled him with excitement to know that the dreams he'd developed during those visits as a kid were finally becoming a reality. "This," said the Auror who'd introduced herself as Michelle Ferguson, "is the Robards Training Center, mostly referred to as the RTC. It was built a few years after the Second War to train the new generation of Aurors. You have access to this room through wand admittance at all times of day, and if you plan on doing any heavy lifting, you must be accompanied by a trainer or a fellow trainee who is at least in your weight class or above. Sparring must be supervised by a third party," she continued, shooting a pointed look at two of the older trainees standing near Ethan Longbottom, who nearly failed to contain a smirk at the sheepish expressions his friends wore. "Your weight class will be determined today," Ferguson continued. "All of you. We're reassessing everyone, so you might end up in a slightly different group this time. You will then be assigned a trainer who will work with you when it comes to all physical training activities. You are not permitted to do anything without it being first approved by either your trainer, myself, or Sharkey." At this, she gestured to the other Auror in the room. While Auror Ferguson seemed to be only about a decade younger than his parents, Al had to assume that Auror Sharkey wasn't even that much older than Teddy. He was a few inches taller than Al, so a handful of inches above six feet, with closely cropped light brown hair and a rather broad forehead and strong chin. His arms were thick and currently folded across his broad chest as he surveyed the trainees with penetrating dark eyes. He had a few scars on his face; one along his jaw and the other above his left eye, cutting down into his temple. It made him look even more intimidating than his stature already did. It surprised Al that not only was he training new recruits rather than working in the field, but that Ferguson seemed to be the one in charge of physical training rather than him. Not that she was anything to turn your nose up at. She was slightly above average height for a witch, and Al was almost able to look her directly in the eye. Her hair was cropped close on the sides but longer on the top, swooping across her forehead. It was a deep red, very different from the color he typically saw amongst his family members and most likely colored to look that way. She seemed to be in extremely good shape, and the only thing that really gave away her age was the wrinkles that were beginning to form around her eyes and mouth, as well as the scars she wore to signify she'd seen a few years of action in the field. "You'll have your weekly schedule set," Ferguson continued, "but any work in here you would like to do outside of your regular training needs to be scheduled by you. There's a signup sheet hanging on the wall by the door, so just put your name in the time slot you want and note what equipment you'll be using. I don't want to have to play referee when you lot get in any stupid squabbles because of scheduling conflicts, so follow these guidelines to the letter and we won't have any problems. Any questions?" She glared at them all almost daringly, so Al was a bit surprised to see Eden Avery raise her hand out of the corner of his eye. Al and Scorpius had both been surprised to see their fellow Slytherin on the day they'd moved into their quarters in the Auror housing. She hadn't said anything about her plans for after school to either of them, and Professor Simpson hadn't mentioned it either. Eden hadn't been surprised to see Al, but word hadn't seemed to have gotten around that Scorpius would be training to become an Auror as well. Neither Al or Scorpius had had much to do with her during their years at school, other than her being a prefect with Scorpius. They never really saw or spoke to each other outside of classes, so Al didn't know what to expect in terms of her interactions with them. She'd seemed excited enough to see people that she knew there, and had even been friendly with Erin and Rose, who'd helped them move their stuff in. The girls had seemed just as surprised as Al and Scorpius were to see her there. Al had to admit that the thing he was most curious about was to see how she'd actually do as an Auror, her five and a half foot stature not exactly intimidating. "Yes, Avery?" said Ferguson. "I was just wondering when we'd be doing our assessments for weight classes," she asked, looking down at the folder they'd been given after they passed their evaluations. "My schedule lists that as TBA." "You'll have time to go back to your rooms and get changed after we finish up the tour and grab lunch, and then report back here," Ferguson said to the group at large. "We'll have a schedule posted as well as your group number and who will be doing your assessment. Any more questions?" No one else raised their hand, and Ferguson nodded before signaling to follow as she and Sharkey made their way towards the door. "Think we'll be in the same group?" Scorpius asked quietly as they made their way out of the training center. "Might be," said Al. "Seeing as we're both new. Probably put Avery with us too." "Still not quite used to that," said Scorpius, nodding at the girl a few feet in front of them, whose curly brown hair was pulled up in a high ponytail that bounced as she walked. "How well do you know her?" Al asked. Scorpius gave a noncommittal shrug. "The most I talked to her last year was during the times I wasn't talking to Rose," he admitted. "We saw each other a bit as kids, though. Our dads know each other." Al nodded in understanding as they made their way down the hall outside the RTC, stopping after a few yards when they reached two doors across the hall, a sign on each to signify gender. Ferguson stopped and turned to face the trainees. "Locker rooms," she said, gesturing over her shoulder with her thumb. "You already have a locker with your name on it and there are instructions in your folder on setting your combination. Girls aren't allowed in the boys' and boys aren't allowed in the girls'. Everything else is pretty self explanatory. Just try to keep things from becoming a mess in there. I don't like getting complaints from Magical Maintenance." They quickly moved on, coming out of the hall and into the large foyer that they'd first met up in. It was rather drab, with gray tiled floors and walls and four different hallways feeding into it. There were portraits of all former and current Auror office heads lining the wall behind the front desk where visitors checked in, which Al had thought was cool when his dad had first been promoted. Now it just felt weird to see his dad looking down at him and waving whenever he saw him. They turned down the hallway to the right, Ferguson now falling a step behind Sharkey and letting him take the lead. "Any lectures or demonstrations will be held in the Moody Educational Center, or the MEC for short," Sharkey said, pronouncing it as a word rather than individual letters in his rough voice that had a slight Irish lilt to it. "Your schedule should show what lectures you have where and when. These aren't strictly divided up by year, seeing as some of the topics can be taught in various orders and the more people in a class, the better. Especially since there aren't that many of you to begin with." They continued down the hall, passing various normal looking classrooms that had their doors propped open to show desks or tables set up. Further down the hall, there were rooms with double doors that were shut and didn't even have handles or locks on them. Sharkey stopped outside of one. "These are the sim rooms," he explained. "You'll go through simulations during practical exercises, and you don't have access to these rooms without a trainer. So don't even try getting in, because you can't." He looked at them all a bit threateningly before deciding he'd gotten his point across. They continued down to the end of the hall, where a portrait of the center's namesake hung, taking all of them in with his roving magical eye and gruff expression as they turned left into a hallway of glass doors. "These rooms are for individual study or collaborative work," Sharkey explained. "First come, first serve basis. There are six of them, though, so chances are you'll find one open." He turned and went back the way they came, this time going to the right of the portrait. This hallway was rather short and led to only one room, which Sharkey entered. "Library and archives," he said as they trailed in behind him. It was much smaller than the Hogwarts library, but still decent. "Books are only to be taken out if you use them in one of the study rooms due to limited resources. First years don't have access to case archives unless they are found in this room, so don't go wandering through the archives room in Headquarters and think you can just snoop around. You get access to that on a selective level as a second year, and then even more as a third." He walked back out of the library, signalling for them to follow him back out to the foyer again, leading them to the center and pointing down the hallway across from the one they'd just come out of. "We won't bother giving you a tour of the dorms since you already had one," said Sharkey, "but I will restate some of the rules. Quiet hours start at midnight, which is when outside guests need to leave by. No staying overnight. If you decide to stay somewhere else, you need to notify either Eric or Betty before hand, depending on which one is working at reception. We're not trying to monitor your every move, but there are certain protocols that need to be in place in case of emergency situations. We need to know who's in the building at all times, so all guests must check in and out, just like everyone who steps foot in the Ministry. "You don't have a curfew, but we do expect a certain level of responsibility, and failure to show it could result in probation, which will look different depending on your year. Cross the line one two many times, and you might even face expulsion from the program. We clear?" He received numerous nods of understanding before leading them to the right again and down the final hallway and through a door into a smaller foyer that had an elevator at the end, a door on either side, and a circle desk with a young wizard sitting in the middle of it. "Our offices," said Ferguson, gesturing to the door to the right with her and Sharkey's names on it, "and entry into Auror Headquarters," she pointed to the door opposite. "If you want to schedule a time to meet with either of us for any reason, you have to check with either Eric-" she gestured to the young wizard at the desk, who gave them a pleasant wave, "- or Betty, depending on who's at the front desk." Sharkey pressed the button to call the elevator, which just managed to fit all of them. Al was used to the elevators in the Ministry by that point, so he handled the jerky trip rather well. They took the lift all the way down to the Atrium, stepping out and heading to the left. "I'm sure you took note of the kitchen and small dining area in the dorms," Ferguson hollered back at them, "but should you ever wish to not do your own cooking, you have access to the cafeteria." She led them into the large room that was very familiar to Al. He'd spent many lunches during his childhood here, coming to meet his dad and various other family members over the years. "Lunch is provided free for you today," Ferguson announced once they'd all entered the cafeteria. "You have half an hour, and then it's back to change for your weight class evaluations. And a word of advice, don't eat anything too heavy. You'll regret that." The other trainees began breaking off, very familiar with the cafeteria by now and knowing exactly where to go. It had been awhile since Al had been there, so he and Scorpius took a moment to familiarize themselves with the layout, Eden sticking close by. "This is only my third time at the Ministry," she explained when she noticed them glancing at her. "I'm not exactly familiar with anything yet." "No worries," Al assured her. "Scorp hasn't spent much time here either." Scorpius gave her a reassuring smile as they grabbed plates and began perusing the food. By the time they'd found what they wanted and met back up, there was a group of trainees settled in at one of the tables. Scorpius led the way over, taking a seat next to a grinning Ethan as Al and Eden sat across from them. "How's it all feeling so far?" asked Ethan, obviously excited to have them there. "It's a lot to take in at times, but it's feeling bloody fantastic," said Scorpius with his own grin. "Just wait till after our assessments today," said the wizard who was sitting next to Ethan. "You'll barely be able to function tomorrow." "It's not that bad," Ethan said with an eye roll. "You can ignore him. He pretty much doesn't know how to have a conversation without exaggerating." "That's not true!" their fellow trainee argued. "Yes it is," the witch that Al had sat next to chimed in. This earned her a scowl from the wizard across from her. "Oh, are you talking to me now? I think that's the first time you've said a word to me in weeks." The girl rolled her eyes and gave Scorpius a pointed look as if to say see what I mean? "I talked to you yesterday, Mase," she said with strained patience. "Remember?" "Simply saying the word 'yes' isn't the same as having an actual conversation," he argued. "Maybe we shouldn't scare off all the newbies on day one with all our issues, yeah?" Ethan chimed in, looking at his friends in amusement and disapproval. "Right you are, Longbottom," the witch said with exaggerated decorum as she turned towards Al and stuck out her hand. "Don't believe we've had the pleasure. I'm Cora Thompson. Third year." Cora Thompson had a slender face with dark eyes, brown skin, and black curly hair that was cut short and stuck up about an inch on the top of her head. There was a no nonsense attitude to her that Al liked immediately, and he smiled as he shook her hand. "Al Potter." Her eyebrows shot up in recognition. "That's right. I heard we were getting a Potter this year. You look like your dad, so I should have realized. Sorry, is that annoying? People mentioning your dad?" Al shrugged, a bit caught off guard by her straightforward question. "It depends on how they do it, I suppose. We have a good relationship and it's definitely not something I'm ashamed of. I suppose it bothers me if all I am to them is Harry Potter's son, but that would bother anyone, yeah?" Cora nodded, a slightly impressed look on her face. "Fair enough." "This is Mason Ayers," said Ethan, gesturing to the wizard sitting next to him who'd been arguing with Cora. "He's a third year as well." Mason looked similar to Ethan, with short brown hair and a charming smile, though his eyes were a dark brown instead of bright blue like Ethan's. He was also a bit broader and, if Al remembered correctly from when they'd been standing, a few inches taller. Mason nodded at Al in greeting before directing his attention to Eden, who promptly introduced herself, followed by Scorpius. "That's a bit of a mouthful," Mason commented. "Got a nickname?" "Most people just shorten it to Scorp. Sometimes Scor. That's about it," Scorpius said with a shrug. "Scorp it is then!" said Mason. "Until I can find a more suitable nickname." Ethan rolled his eyes once again as his friend went back to his lunch. "He's tried to get nicknames to stick with everyone," he explained. "It's only worked once." "On who?" asked Eden. "Good ol' Fergie," Mason said with pride. "Auror Ferguson, our trainer. I said it to her face once during my first year and she wasn't too happy, but it stuck among the trainees. I've even heard it said by some of the Aurors so it's spread there too." His pleased smirk earned a few chuckles, and then two more trainees sat down next to Scorpius - a girl with chin length, dirty blonde hair and big blue eyes, and a boy with wavy black hair and olive skin. They introduced themselves as Zoey Altman and Isaac Pace. "I came in with Ethan," said Zoey. "I recognize you all from Hogwarts, but I was in Ravenclaw." "What were your houses?" Cora asked. They all answered simultaneously. "Three Slytherins this year?" Mason asked in surprise. "Bet that's never happened before. I think you three are the only ones now that Tony's gone." "We try not to pay much attention to houses now we're out of Hogwarts," Isaac chimed in. "The group above Mason, Cora, and I were all Gryffindors, and they were a bit clique-ish about it. We've done our best to not let that continue, and it's been working so far." Al saw his own smile mirrored on Scorpius' face. He hadn't really been worried about any type of house stigma, seeing as most of that type of division hadn't really been present for years. But it was still nice to know right off the bat that it wouldn't be an issue. "So you must have all been friends in school, then," said Zoey. "Since you were all in the same house." "Al and I have been best friends since first year," said Scorpius, before pausing and looking uncertainly at Eden. "Their girlfriends were in Gryffindor," she jumped in with a smirk. "Didn't have much time for Slytherin girls." This brought good humored laughter from the whole table, and Al breathed a sigh of relief that Eden didn't hold their lack of complete loyalty to Slytherin house against them. "Who are you dating?" Zoey asked curiously, being one of the only people there that would be likely to know the Gryffindor girls who were a year below her. Al shot a nervous glance at the wizard across from him. It was easy to forget he was dating Ethan's younger sister. Until it came up in conversation. Ethan hadn't been around for any of their relationship beyond this summer. It would be interesting to adjust to him being a regular presence in their life. Not to mention a presence that was training to be very capable of causing Al bodily harm should he do anything to hurt Erin. Not that he planned to ever do anything of the sort. Still, he knew how protective older brothers could be, seeing as he was one himself. "Rose Weasley?" said Scorpius, speaking up when Al didn't and phrasing her name as a question. Zoey grinned, possibly having known that the two had been close friends before dating. Everyone else besides Ethan either wore a look of shock or had a dropped jaw. "You're dating the Minister's daughter?" Mason asked in shock. Scorpius' eyes widened in surprise. "Oh," he said in realization. "I guess I am. I honestly hadn't really thought about it. She's always just been Rose to me." Zoey clutched at her heart and let a sappy look overtake her face, which caused Isaac to grin and Cora to roll her eyes. "That's so sweet." Scorpius turned slightly pink. "What about you, Al?" asked Mason. "You dating the daughter of the Muggle Prime Minister or something?" Al chuckled a bit nervously. "No," he said, shooting Ethan another nervous glance. "Relax, Al," said Ethan with a reassuring smile. "It's not like I'm James. I won't threaten you with bodily harm every time it comes up." Everyone who wasn't in the know looked at them curiously as Al smiled in relief. He nodded towards Ethan. "I'm dating his sister." Cora choked on the drink she'd been in the middle of taking. "Bloody Hell, you lot are just all interconnected, aren't you?" Mason said, a bit of awe in his voice. "It gets better," Al said with a smirk at Ethan, who looked suddenly nervous and subtly shook his head at Al, but his silent plea was ignored. "Ethan's dating my cousin." The uproar this caused was a bit larger than Al had been expecting. Zoey and Cora had both started shrieking out questions - Isaac asking them at a much more normal pitch - while Mason hollered enthusiastically and put Ethan in a headlock. "WHAT?!" "You have a girlfriend?!" "I knew he was hiding something!" "Why didn't you say anything?!" "Can we meet her?!" "All right, all right!" Ethan shouted over everyone else, his voice a bit muffled thanks to the tight grip Mason had on him. "I'll explain if you calm down!" "Sorry," Zoey said a bit sheepishly as Mason released his hold on Ethan. "It's just like Isaac said, though. We figured you were holding out on us." "How?" Ethan asked in surprise. "Come on," said Isaac with a roll of his eyes. "All the secret letter writing, no interest in any of the girls you meet here or when we go out. Even when they flirt with you." "Girls flirt with me?" Ethan asked in astonishment. Mason laughed heartily. "Fuck, he really is gone if he hasn't so much as looked at another girl in months," he said through his laughter. "How long have you been seeing her?" Cora asked. "About a month," said Ethan, shrugging nonchalantly but failing to hide a very pleased grin. "Really?" Al asked in surprise. Ethan nodded. "Day after she got back." This was news to Al. He'd known for a while that there was something between Molly and Ethan, but they hadn't done anything to confirm a relationship until a week ago when they'd barely left each other's sides the day everyone had gone to Al's parents' house for their annual summer Quidditch match. He'd just assumed it was brand new. Then again, he hadn't really asked questions. Ethan and Molly's new relationship had been overshadowed by the scene caused by Lily, Hugo, and Caleb that had prematurely ended the match. At first, Al truly had felt sorry for Lily. She'd had her heart broken and had lost her best friend. Yes, part of it was her fault, but he knew there was more to it than that. However, the longer things went on and the more she remained stubborn and refused to see the part she'd played in the current mess that was her social life, the more his feelings became less sympathetic. He surely hoped Neville had known what he was doing when he made her Captain. Al was having a hard time figuring out how it could possibly turn out well. Unless Lily came to her senses and significantly adjusted her attitude. "Wait, she was still at Hogwarts?" asked Mason in confusion, pulling Al out of his thoughts about his sister and back into the conversation. "I thought you hung out with Dominique most weekends?" Ethan began choking on his food, which he'd been unfortunate enough to have just taken a bite of. "I'm not dating Dom," he said when he managed to control his coughing. "Wait, what? Isn't she your cousin?" Mason asked Al. "He's got a lot of those," said Scorpius. "I wouldn't try and keep up." "He's dating my cousin Molly," said Al, ignoring Scorpius' comment. "My Uncle Percy's oldest daughter." "Percy Weasley has daughters?" asked Cora. "Are they as severe as he is?" Al chuckled, thinking of the imposing figure his uncle struck as the Senior Undersecretary to the Minister. "No," Ethan said with a grin. "Though she is brilliant." "What's she doing, then?" asked Cora. "Now that she's out of school?" Ethan turned slightly pink at this question and cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Actually, she's got one more year left, so…" "You bloody dog, you," said Mason enthusiastically, pulling Ethan into another headlock. "Oh, do grow up, will you?" Cora said impatiently to Mason. "It's really not that big a deal. John was two years older than me." This brought silence from Mason, who released a very red faced Ethan. "We had to do the distance for a year too," said Zoey, gesturing to Isaac and clueing Al in to their relationship status. "I'm guessing you'll be off to Hogsmeade more often than not on our off weekends, yeah?" she asked, clearly delighted for her friend. "Hopefully," said Ethan as he finished off the rest of his lunch. "She'll probably be pretty busy, though, seeing as she's Head Girl and all." This brought another round of teasing, but Ethan didn't seem to mind. In fact, he seemed happier than Al could remember seeing him in a long time. Not since before his great-grandmother had passed away. As they finished up lunch and continued getting to know one another, Al found that the nerves he'd been unwilling to admit he had leading up to today were now almost nonexistent. There was still hard work to be done, and he had no clue how things would actually turn out, but at least the people were brilliant. A/N: I know it's been forever, but I'm still here! Life has just been crazy with moving, but I'm feeling more settled now. And seeing as it is September 1st, I figured it was a good time to get back in it! I've even done some writing this past week, but I'm not as ahead in this story as I'd like to be. Another reason it's taken me a while to update. I'd love to hear from you in the form of a review! This one was a lot of fun to write, and if you've read all my stories in this universe, you might recognize some of the trainees that Ethan mentioned in his letters to Molly in Snapshots. So enjoy reading and reviewing, and welcome back to Hogwarts! P.S. I was supposed to be at Universal this coming week but my trip got canceled due to the hurricane. So a pity review since I don't get to actually go to Hogwarts as planned this week would be acceptable.
Erin's footsteps echoed across the marble tiled floors as she followed Draco Malfoy through his large and elegant home. She'd only been to Malfoy Manor once before this summer, which was for the party they'd had after Scorpius and Rose had been made Heads. And now she'd be here every day of the week, doing work she'd dreamed of and still couldn't quite believe she'd actually been given the opportunity to do. She'd taken a tour of the labs and offices a week before, but today was her first official day as a potioneer. Well, technically an apprentice. She had to be certified first to be an actual potioneer, and she had to work for at least two years before she could do the testing needed to qualify for the certification. The labs and offices that Draco had set up years ago to run his business out of were on the ground floor on the opposite wing of the manor that his family occupied. As they made their way down the final hallway, the familiar smell of potions brewing reached Erin's nose, and she smiled in excitement. "Sorry about the walk," Draco said over his shoulder as they walked past the labs and into a small library full of potions related resources at the end of the hall. "You'll be able to come through the Floo in here normally, but we've been having problems with the connection. Should be fixed by the end of the day." "It's no problem," Erin assured him, determined to be as agreeable as possible on her first day. "I don't mind walking." Draco gave her what she assumed was a small smile, but it was extremely brief. She'd never spent much time around Scorpius' dad, and her friend had rarely had much to say about his father. Not that he refused to talk about him, but outside of the context of Scorpius' own issues that had come from his father's past, he didn't talk about him much. Not to her, at least. She was in slightly uncharted territory as far as the older Malfoy went, but even though he seemed a bit severe, he also seemed kind. Not to mention excited about the work she was going to be doing. "Everything in here is available to you, like I said last week," said Draco as he continued to the back of the library and through another door that led to his office. "And I don't mind at what hours you are here, as long as you lock the Floo when you leave." He grabbed a parchment off his desk and handed it to her. "Your official apprenticeship agreement, including wages, hours, time off, and job expectations." Erin took it with a nod, and then Draco was leading her out of his office, through the library, and back down the hall towards the labs. "Just in time, boss!" a rather enthusiastic wizard said as Erin followed Draco into the lab with the name Kiran Burns on the door. Erin had met Kiran the first time she'd come to see the labs. He was average height and rather slender with black hair that had that perfected messy look to it. Like he did it on purpose. He'd been working with Draco for five years and had been his only other apprentice before Erin, and he'd been ecstatic to meet her. She had a feeling that was his general disposition. It was actually a bit comical to see him interacting with the rather straight-laced Draco. "I added more peppermint and some honey, and now it doesn't taste nearly as ghastly as it did before," said Kiran as he ladled a steaming dark green potion into a small glass tumbler. Draco accepted the potion with a calculation expression, swirling it around in the glass before raising it to his nose. His eyes darted up to his employee as he got a whiff of it. "This is tea, Mr. Burns," he said slowly. Kiran grinned and shook his head. "Not just any tea. It's my very own remedy for everyday ailments. It's that adaptation of Pepper Up I've been working on in my spare time. It'll relieve minor aches and pains, headaches, hangovers, stomach aches, menstrual cramps, heartburn, sore throat, stuffy nose-" "I get the picture," said Draco, moving to peer into the cauldron. Kiran picked up a notebook that had been sitting open next to his cauldron and shoved it under Draco's nose. "Here are all the notes I have on it. Think it could be worth pursuing?" Draco nodded slowly as he took the notebook and looked over Kiran's scrawled notes. "If it works, definitely. Have you tested it on everything you have listed here?" "Not quite," Kiran admitted. "Just the ones that have check marks next to them." "Well, then, come up with a plan for testing and we'll talk to Mungo's," said Draco, handing the notebook back to Kiran with a bit of pride in his eyes, "seeing as how we can do that a bit more easily now." He shot Erin a grin then. "Kiran is interested in curative potions as well," said Draco. "You'll be working with him more than Pritchard or Madley." Erin smiled at a beaming Kiran. She was thankful that he was the one she'd be doing most of her work with. Not that there was anything wrong with Graham Pritchard or Laura Madley, but they were both older, only a few years younger than Draco. Kiran had been at Hogwarts at the same time as Erin for two years. And she had a feeling he'd be a lot of fun to be around. "You're right across the hall from me," said Kiran in excitement. "So if you need anything, don't even hesitate to ask." "You remember where the storeroom is?" Draco asked as he led her across the hall. Erin felt a rush of excitement when she saw her own name on the door he opened. "Over towards the kitchen, right?" she said as she followed him into the lab. Draco nodded. "Your own shelves have already been filled with supplies, but should you need to replenish or find something a little more rare or obscure, that's where you'll find it. Just remember to mark it in the inventory when you do." Erin nodded, paying attention to what he was saying but having a hard time focusing as she took in her very own lab. There were counters lining the walls and a long table in the center of the room. The only portion of the walls that didn't have some type of shelving was where the door to her supply closet was on the back wall. There was also a small fireplace in the right corner, but there were shelves above that as well. It was a bit dark, as there were no windows and the floor and walls were made of stone, but the fire and the many sconces on the walls helped quite a bit. "Remember what I said about taking breaks," said Draco as he made his way back out the door. "Get some fresh air and some sun at least every few hours, if not more often than that. I'll leave you to familiarize yourself and get settled, then we'll get you started on something after lunch." With a nod in farewell, he was gone, leaving Erin to let out her excitement without having to worry about being professional. She strolled around the room, her hand running across the smooth surface of the table as she slowly made her way to her supply closet. It was stocked full of just about every type of potion ingredients she could think of and then some. She'd always wanted to look through everything in the potions storeroom at Hogwarts, but she'd never had the chance to. Erin had a feeling that if she had, there would be fewer items there than what she had here. After spending what felt like no time at all but was in reality a couple of hours taking inventory and doing some reorganizing, Erin moved onto the different equipment and tools she had that were lining the shelves of the wall opposite the one with the fire, organizing them to her liking as well. She knew that once she got into a rhythm of doing things she might change some of it around, but she was too excited to do nothing, and it helped her become more familiar with what she had available to her. When it got close to lunch time, Erin wandered across the hall to Kiran's lab. His lab was set up much the same as hers, though the fire was in the opposite corner and it wasn't nearly as tidy. He was sitting on a stool at his work table and pouring over the notebook he'd shown Draco earlier, a fresh piece of parchment next to it and a quill in his hand that he was using to jot down notes. Hoping she wasn't disturbing him, Erin rapped her knuckles on the open door. "Miss Longbottom, come in!" he said enthusiastically. "Call me Erin," she said with a friendly smile as she stepped into the room. "I'm not bothering you, am I?" "Not at all," he said with a shake of his head and a smile as he put down his quill and picked up his wand. There was a stool across from him a moment later, and Erin joined him at the table. "Getting settled all right?" "I think so," she said. "It's a bit overwhelming, but I'm excited to get started." "Well, I think I can speak for everyone when I say that we're thrilled to have some new blood around here," said Kiran. "Me more than the others. They're all a bit stuffy." Erin chuckled at his scrunched expression. "I take it you're on your own a lot." Kiran gave a shrug. "A lot of the time. I don't mind it, but it'll be nice to have someone to work with on a more regular basis." Erin nodded as he stood and walked over to a cauldron that was sitting on his fire and steaming, and she noticed that it was giving off a rather delicious smell. "What's that?" "Lunch!" he said with a grin. "I basically live off soup, and I make a pot about once a week. This is my grandmother's special spicy chicken noodle recipe, complete with fresh and authentic Asian spices that she sent me last week." "Where's she from?" Erin asked. "China," he said as he grabbed two bowls from a shelf above his fire. "Just outside Beijing. My mother moved here after she left school for a liaison position at the Ministry, where she met my dad. Decided to get married and stay here after that, and now you have me and my brother." He came back to sit across from Erin, surprising her by putting a bowl in front of each of them. Not wanting to be rude and realizing that she actually was rather hungry, she thanked him and blew on a spoonful to cool it down before tasting what turned out to be one of the most delicious soups she'd ever had. "This is fantastic," she said as she made to take another bite. Kiran beamed with pride. "So, what's your story?" he asked. "Which part?" Erin asked in amusement. "All of it!" said Kiran. "Or as much as you want to tell someone who's practically a stranger. You'll find I'm a bit of an open book, so don't feel pressured to reciprocate." Erin smiled, already feeling more comfortable than she'd been expecting with Kiran. "Well, I'm afraid I'm full British, so nothing interesting there. I have an older brother and sister that I'm pretty close with, and I live with my best friend Rose, who I was in Gryffindor with. My mum runs the Leaky Cauldron, and my Dad teaches Herbology at Hogwarts." "I remember him," he said with a grin. "He was one of my favorites." Erin laughed. "He was a lot of people's favorite. And I say that in a completely unbiased way." Kiran laughed. "I believe you. So, what's it like? Being the daughter of a beloved professor who also happens to be a war hero?" Erin nearly choked on her soup at his blunt question. "It's all right," she managed to say. "My dad's not the most famous war hero, and pretty much everyone from the last dozen years or so had him as a professor, so it's never felt like a big deal. My best friend and my boyfriend have it worse." Kiran smiled. "I'm assuming they're Weasleys, then?" "Rose is," said Erin. "Al's a Potter." Kiran's eyes widened to a comical size at her words. "No shit, really?" Erin nodded, holding back a grin. It had been a long time since she really thought about how well known her best friend and boyfriend's family actually was. "Oh, you're so lucky," Kiran gushed. "They ran a special on the family in the Prophet this past reunion of the Battle of Hogwarts. He's damn fit." Erin's eyes widened in surprise and she nearly choked on her soup. "He's the one that's good friend's with Draco's son, right?" Kiran continued, completely ignoring her coughing. "I heard that they're both training to be Aurors." "They are," said Erin, once her throat was no longer burning. "Started today, actually." "Have you always been close with them?" asked Kiran "Well, I only really got to know Scorpius the past few years, but like you said, he's best friends with Al, and now he and Rose are together so he's around a lot," Erin explained. "I grew up with Rose and Al, and he and I only started dating this past school year." Kiran shook his head, a far off and dreamy look on his face. Erin's eyebrows rose in amusement as Kiran let out a sigh and went back to his soup. "Should I be worried about you making a move on my boyfriend, then?" Kiran chuckled and shook his head. "Nah, he's a little young for me. I generally prefer older blokes." Erin smiled as he smirked at her. "Are you seeing anyone, then?" "Nope," said Kiran, slouching a little in his seat and showing the first signs of anything close to a negative emotion. "I was seeing someone, but he actually ended things about a month ago." "Sorry," Erin said with a grimace, feeling bad for asking. But Kiran shook his head. "Don't worry about it. We were only together for a couple months. Story of my life, really. My brother says it's because I come on a little too strong." Erin bit back a smile, having gotten a taste of what his brother was probably right about with all the rather straightforward questions she'd received over the last few minutes. "He older or younger than you?" "Older," he said with a roll of his eyes. "But only by like thirteen months so it hardly counts at this point in life, no matter how much he seems to think it does." They shared a laugh and finished their soup, Kiran continuing to ask Erin prying questions that she tried to answer as diplomatically as possible. She knew she was going to enjoy working alongside Kiran. It would definitely never be boring. Before she knew it, their lunch break was over and Draco was back. Erin was surprised to see him give her an actual smile. "Ready to start your career in potions?" Erin didn't even try to contain her grin as she nodded, hoping Rose was having at least half as good a first day as she was. Rose's first day was not, in fact, going as well as Erin's. First, she'd received an owl after getting out of the shower, informing her that the Floo was out at her office. This meant that she now had to rush if she wanted to get there on time. Since the building was on the Muggle side of London, she couldn't just Apparate, especially since she'd never actually been there before. Her interview had taken place at a cafe. To make matters worse, she'd been in such a rush as she walked through the early morning crowd in London, that she'd carelessly bumped into someone and spilled half her tea, some of it landing on her blouse. At least the travel mug her mum had bought her was cute. Another positive was that she was only a ten minute walk from her office. That had been part of the appeal in moving where they did. Not wanting to start her first day off in too negative a spirit, Rose allowed this fact to cheer her up, only to be almost immediately disheartened upon her arrival at work. Bobbin Books had been around for quite a while, but was still a relatively small company. Its offices were on the ground floor of a ten story building full of different businesses. Rose had barely made it through the glass door with the company name on the front of it before realizing she was in for an interesting day. And not necessarily the good kind of interesting. The front room was a bit dated, warn blue carpet covering the floors and dingy windows that faced west towards the street. Two desks sat perpendicular to each other, one that was longer and set up for two people with its back to the two windows, and the other in front of an office door. There were two other doors on the wall opposite the windows, and all three doors had names on them. To the right of where she stood was a counter and a sink with cabinets above it, and between the two doors that ran perpendicular to the counter was a large electronic looking machine that had papers strewn around and stacked on it and was currently beeping. No one was in the room. "Hello?" Rose called out tentatively, closing the door behind her so she could take out her wand and do a quick cleansing charm on her blouse. No one answered, but she heard people talking in the office that was straight ahead and behind one of the desks, both of which were cluttered with papers and writing tools and - Rose was surprised to note - a computer. There was also a phone at each work station, and two were currently ringing. "-and that if he expects to keep working here, he can get off his arse and come into work the Muggle way, I don't care if he's my damn nephew," a gruff voice was saying as the door Rose had heard voices behind opened abruptly, showing the back of a slightly plump witch that was a good two decades older than Rose. She recognized her immediately as Dorothy Franks, one of the editors and her new supervisor. "Yes, sir," Mrs. Franks said, her tone light but obviously a bit put out as she closed the door behind her and let out a frustrated sigh, jumping in surprise when she turned and saw Rose still standing by the front door. "Oh, right," said the older witch, her hand going to her chest as she recovered from her momentary fright. "It's your first day, isn't it? I'm terribly sorry we're such a mess right now," she continued as she walked over to the still beeping machine. Rose watched as Mrs. Franks began pushing buttons, failing to stop the beeping as she continued talking. "I'm glad I remembered this morning to owl you, otherwise this day would be completely shot to - oh, for the love of-" The beeping had not stopped, and Mrs. Franks took to pulling at the machine in different places, roughly sliding out compartments that were filled with different types of paper. Rose watched with wide eyes as Mrs. Franks let out a growl of frustration and began pulling out the stacks of paper as the beeping continued, and it only stopped once she'd seemed to completely empty the machine. She sagged in relief and dropped the final stack of paper she was holding onto the top of the machine, pushing back the few locks of gray streaked brown hair that had come loose from the rather tight updo she had it in. "Please, feel free to help yourself to a scone or make yourself a cup of tea," Mrs. Franks said with a strained smile at Rose. "I'll be with you in just a moment." She then hurried over to the desk in front of the office she'd just come out of, picking up the phone and answering hurriedly. Rose turned towards the counter where a box of scones was sitting, picking up a blueberry one and listening as Mrs. Franks immediately began apologizing to whomever was on the end of the line. "Yes, so sorry about that. We're having some difficulties with our power and in the middle of some staffing changes...yes, that date will still work just fine...yes, once again, so sorry about that. We're trying to - yes, thank you. We'll be in touch soon." With a sigh, she pressed a button on the phone's base, which caused the other phone to stop ringing as she answered the other call. "Bobbin Books? Yes, hi, Linda...No, he's not in yet. I'll make sure and have him call you back the moment he gets a chance...Right, of course, so sorry about the wait." Mrs. Franks hung up the phone and let out another heavy sigh, though this one sounded a bit more relieved. Rose couldn't help doing the same, thankful that at least some of the chaos she'd entered into had been controlled. "I'm so sorry about all this," she said to Rose, making her way across the room and to the door on the right that had her name on it. "I'm afraid you'll be thrown to the wolves a bit today, but I'll try to help you get your footing as much as possible." Rose followed Mrs. Franks silently into her office, shutting the door behind her as the phone on Mrs. Franks desk began to ring. She indicated a seat across from the desk for Rose to sit in before moving around it to her own chair and answering the phone. "Sammy, now is really not a good time, love," she said as soon as she picked up the receiver, wedging it between her ear and her shoulder as she attempted to organize the mess of parchments and manuscripts that was covering her desk. "I know it's a big deal, but I've got a new employee and Danny might not even be...all right, fine. I'll meet you for lunch?" Rose looked around the room as her new boss made what sounded like lunch plans of a personal nature. There was cover art from books framed and lining the wall to her right - some she recognized and some she didn't. There was a leather armchair in the right corner with a small table next to it and a coffee table in front of it. Both were stacked with books and parchment. To the left was a fireplace, the mantle and the wall surrounding it filled with pictures of what appeared to be Mrs. Franks' family. Rose recognized a boy in one of the pictures as someone she'd seen at Hogwarts, though perhaps a year or two below her and in a different house, as well as a girl who might have been a second year. The other two boys in the pictures looked nearly identical and too young for Hogwarts. "So sorry about that," said Mrs. Franks after she hung up the phone and continued organizing her desk. "There's been some trouble at school with the twins, and my husband and I haven't had a chance to really sit down and discuss it. My plan was to take you to lunch for your first day, but I'm afraid it will have to wait until tomorrow because I really shouldn't put this off. I might be a working mother, but I've always believed that family comes first and no matter how crazy things might get here, family is what counts. Mr. Bobbin doesn't always like it, but seeing as he knows this place would fall apart without me, he keeps his mouth shut about it. Not that it isn't falling apart already." She paused for a breath, cringing when the phone in the outer office rang once again. "It'll be forwarded either here or to Grant's office eventually. Let's hope it's his." Rose could only sit there and nod, blinking a bit rapidly as she watched Mrs. Franks. "Sorry if that was all a bit much," she continued, finally ceasing her organizing and pulling open her top desk drawer to retrieve a binder. "I tend to talk when I'm stressed and I'm a bit of an open book, which fits my profession rather well, I might add." Despite her slightly flustered state, Mrs. Franks had a smile on her face, her eyes squinted into slits as she attempted to flatten her flyaway hairs. Rose couldn't help smiling back at her. "It's fine," said Rose. "And I'm sorry that this place is such a mess today too," Mrs. Franks continued. "We're coming up on multiple deadlines and things just haven't been working properly. Of course, you know the Floo is out," she said with a gesture towards her fireplace, "and I'm afraid Mr. Bobbin's assistant is taking that to mean he doesn't have to come in today seeing as he lives all the way across town. He's only been with us for a few months and I really didn't see it working out this long, but he's Mr. Bobbin's nephew and you know how family can be. "I'm sorry, I should really stop talking," Mrs. Franks said with a slightly embarrassed tone. "The last thing I want to do is gossip first thing and help you form opinions of everyone before you've even met them. Let's get you started, then." She flipped open the binder, beginning to talk Rose through some of the everyday workings of the office, but something had become apparent to Rose the moment she'd walked in, and she found she couldn't let Mrs. Franks continue before clarifying. Thankfully, it wasn't long before her new employer paused and gave Rose her opening. "I'm sorry," she began, feeling a bit foolish at having to ask the question, "but am I right in understanding that you publish both magical and Muggle literature?" Mrs. Franks looked at her with wide, shocked eyes, completely taken aback. "You didn't know that?" she asked incredulously. "Oh, good heavens, how could we have possibly - well, never mind. Yes, we do both. I oversee the magical literature, and Grant - Mr. Turner - takes care of the Muggle side. He's not in yet, though, but he should be soon and you'll meet him then. Since we have both magical and Muggle clients coming through our doors, we keep things magic-free in the outer office, which is where you will be along with Rita. She's Mr. Turner's assistant and she's really lovely. The only Muggle we have working here, but her sister is a witch so she knows all about magic. "You won't have to deal with any of our Muggle business that much since you're going to be my assistant, but your desk is outfitted with a computer and phone so you can help deal with some of that. We've actually found some of the Muggle technology to be quite useful for things like scheduling and communication, so we use it throughout the office. Oh!" she said suddenly, her eyes widening. "You do know how to use a computer and a phone, right? I think it was one of the requirements in the job description." Rose nodded, Mrs. Franks immediately relaxing in relief. "It's been a while, but I have my N.E.W.T. in Muggle Studies and my grandparents are Muggles, so I used to play games and things on their computer growing up." Mrs. Franks smiled. "Oh, yes! Of course, everyone knows your mother is Muggle born. I think I remember saying to Jerry - Mr. Bobbin - that you would probably be very familiar with the Muggle side of things, and since you were hired to work for me and I do the magical publishing, well, that's probably why it never came up in the interview. Of course, you'll still be having to use the computer, and it'll be quite a bit different from what you're used to, especially if it's been a while." Her smile faltered a bit, but she bounced back quickly. "Well, it's a start, at least. I'll have Rita walk you through the basics of the programs you'll be using. She should be here soon along with Mr. Turner. They had a breakfast meeting with an author we've been having some trouble with." Rose nodded in understanding, and Mrs. Franks went on to talk about daily tasks and responsibilities that she would have. A lot of it was administrative and clerical type work, which she'd been prepared for. Everyone started at the bottom. But, seeing as they were a rather small company, it left the door open for her to step up in other roles when the need presented itself. "There might be some manuscripts here and there that I'll have you look through," said Mrs. Franks as she handed Rose the binder that contained things like phone numbers and passwords and information on clients as well as a detailed description of her job - which was actually a bit vague in some places - and company policies. "Not often and not right away, but eventually." They made their way out into the outer office, and Mrs. Franks helped Rose organize the mess that was her new desk, informing her that the position had been empty for a while and that they were all looking forward to being full staffed once again. Apparently, Rose's predecessor had taken maternity leave, only to decide at the last moment possible that she wouldn't be coming back at all. "We were going to add another desk when you started," Mrs. Franks explained, "but we've had to adjust." "Are you still planning on hiring someone else?" asked Rose. Mrs. Franks nodded. "If we can find someone. It's not that easy to find someone who is familiar with both Muggle and magical culture and actually wants to do this. We've always been a six people operation, and we were hoping to grow a bit when we added you, but it looks like we'll have to wait a bit on that." An hour later and Rose felt things were at least decently organized around her desk. Mrs. Franks retreated to her office after a phone call came in, and Rose was left by herself with the instructions to familiarize herself with the information in her binder, and to take a message if a phone call came in. "Rita will probably be the one to usually take the calls, especially at first, but that's on you whenever she's not here," were Mrs. Franks' parting words as she forwarded the call that had come in to her office, disappearing behind the closed door. It was silent except for the sound of both Mrs. Franks and Mr. Bobbin on the phone, and the ambience of London traffic. Rose took the opportunity to take a few deep breaths, trying to process the hectic morning that was sure to lead to an even more overwhelming day. She closed her eyes and rested her head in her hands, her elbows on the desk propping herself up. She could do this. As underprepared and overwhelmed as she felt, she could do this. It would take time to feel entirely comfortable and confident in what she was doing, but she knew she would get there. She just had to take it one task and one day at a time, and she would get the hang of things. Though it was rather apparent that she would have days where she really couldn't predict how anything would go. Unpredictability wasn't something Rose handled that well, but she did note that the previous school year had prepared her to deal with it a little better. The phone on her desk ringing made Rose jump in surprise. It was now half past nine, Rita and Mr. Turner hadn't shown up yet, and both Mrs. Franks and Mr. Bobbin were still on the phone. With a calming breath, Rose reached forward and picked up the receiver, collecting herself before speaking in what she hoped was a confident voice. "Bobbin Books?" "Rose! Hello, dear. How's your first day been?" Rose slumped back in her seat in relief, the chair creaking a bit as it reclined and twisted slightly. "Hi, Mum. How'd you get this number? I didn't even know I'd have a phone." "Oh, I just looked it up the Muggle way," said Hermione. "So you knew they do Muggle literature too?" asked Rose, not wanting to admit her ignorance but unable to not be vulnerable with her mother at the moment. "Yes, of course," said Hermione. "I hadn't realized you didn't." "Yes, well, it's been an eye-opening day," Rose said with a sigh. "Is it going well, though?" her mother asked, her voice excited and eager. Rose couldn't help smiling at her enthusiasm. "I guess so," she said, doing her best to keep her voice from carrying. "I haven't met everyone yet, but Mrs. Franks is who I will be primarily working for, and she's nice. It's a bit crazy here today with their Floo not working and one of their employees failing to show up, so I imagine it won't always be this chaotic." Hermione chuckled. "It always feels a bit like that on your first day, no matter what the job is. But you'll get the hang of it." "Thanks," said Rose, grateful for her mother's encouragement. "And thank you for stopping by last night. It's strange to not be living with you and Dad and Hugo anymore, even though I'm used to it at school. It's different now that it's permanent." "I'm glad we were able to," her mother said. "And I know what you mean. I think your dad misses you more now than he did when you were away at school." Rose gave a melancholy chuckle. "Well tell him I love him and that I'll see you all for dinner on Friday." "I will. Are you doing anything to celebrate tonight? Is Scorpius free to take you out? I'm not sure how all that works with their free time. It was much different when your dad did his training." "They're free in the evenings, but, no, he's not," said Rose, her spirits sinking once again. "His, um, godfather is taking him out tonight." "Godfather?" asked Hermione, surprise evident in her voice. "Who's his godfather?" "Theo Nott?" said Rose uncertainly. "I actually met him on Friday. He's been out of the country for a long time. Scorpius hadn't seen him or really even heard from him for a few years." "I see," said her mother, her voice taking on a slight edge, but it vanished almost instantly. "Well, I'm sure that's nice for him. And it'll probably be nice to just relax after your first day." "Yeah," Rose agreed with a sigh. "Al's going out with James and Teddy, so Erin and I are planning on ice cream and wine and a movie." "Sounds perfect," said Hermione, and the smile in her voice caused Rose to grin as well. They exchanged heartfelt goodbyes before hanging up, leaving Rose feeling uplifted, despite some of the uncertainty that she felt about Scorpius' godfather creeping in again. It was such a nice change to know her mother was now just a phone call away during work hours. As Minister, her mother had always had ways of communicating with those she needed to in the Muggle world, and Rose was thankful that her mother wasn't planning on restricting the use of her telephone to only business purposes. Not to mention the fact that she was a very busy witch, and even taking five minutes out of her day to call her when she didn't have to had meant a lot to Rose. And as the day wore on and more things went wrong than right, she was able to keep in mind that she'd get the hang of it, and that she had plenty of people supporting her no matter what. A/N: Hello lovely readers! Ready for the weekend? I sure am. Thought I'd give you a little something to help get you there! Anyone relate to either of these first days? I am always looking for inspiration when it comes to different things that happen with my characters, so any good work anecdotes or coworker quirks you want to send my way, I'd be happy to get them. I'm always happy to find inspiration and include things people can relate to. Also, any overall thoughts on the chapter? I know we're just kind of going through the motions right now, but ground work is being laid and I've got stuff planned! If you're reading this story, you've probably read my other ones, so you know it just might take a while. Hope it's all worth the wait! As always, your reviews are appreciated and inspire me to update quicker! I'd love to hear from you. Also, I'm trying to keep it as even as possible, but I'd love to know who's POV you enjoy reading from the most!
As he sat at the bar of the restaurant in Muggle London his godfather had said to meet him at, Scorpius checked his watch for the tenth time. He'd been waiting for almost fifteen minutes now and was doing his best not to grow concerned at the continued absence of his godfather. As far as he knew, Theo had spent the day visiting with some old friends from school, so everything was probably fine. Not that he had any reason to believe it wasn't. If he were honest, Scorpius would be able to admit that his concern came from the unreliability his godfather had shown over the past few years, which led to a fear of him disappearing once again and without warning. So it was with a sigh of relief that Scorpius finally spotted his godfather entering the restaurant and making his way toward him as he lifted his eyes from his watch. "Sorry I'm late, kid," Theo said, a lopsided smile on his face as he shook Scorpius' hand and clapped him on the back. "Had a run in with a wizard who I used to do some business with. Our professional relationship didn't end well." Scorpius chuckled at the comical grimace Theo wore as he took a seat at the bar. "Does that happen often?" Theo gave a dismissive wave. "Comes with the territory. Nothing I can't handle. Enough about me, though! How was your first day?" A smile broke out on Scorpius face as memories of the day flooded him. It had been overwhelming for sure, but so incredibly affirming as well. Part of him had still been a bit nervous and maybe doubtful that he'd made the right decision, but he didn't feel that way now. "It was brilliant," he gushed to his godfather. "The trainers are definitely intimidating, but they really know their stuff and I can tell they're going to work really hard to make sure we do too. They gave us a tour of the facilities and then we did physical evaluations, which was one of the most extenuating things I've ever gone through. They basically pushed us as far as we could go and then split us into groups. It's just me and Al in my group, so we'll do all of our physical training together, for the most part. We start all the lectures and more structured training tomorrow." Scorpius continued filling his godfather in on the different courses and topics he'd be studying and what his fellow trainees were like. They were both on their second drinks when he'd finally covered just about everything, and Theo shook his head with an amused smile on his face. "It's bloody insane to think about where I was at your age," he said a bit wistfully. "You look so much like your dad did then, but I don't think you could be more different." Scorpius furrowed his brow after taking a drink of his beer and setting it on the bar. "I'm not sure if I'm meant to take that as a compliment or not." "It's not supposed to be anything other than an observation," Theo said with a shrug. "Drake's a good friend who turned into a good man, but it took him awhile to get there, and we weren't all able to do it as well as he did." Theo paused to take a swig of his drink, finishing it and signaling to the bartender for a refill before continuing. "You didn't have to face all the shit we did at your age, which is bound to make you into a different type of person. Especially since your parents did a bang up job when it came to raising you. Unlike ours did." There was a bitterness in his tone that Scorpius couldn't ignore. He knew that his dad had made some form of peace with his upbringing and the part his family had played in the war, but Theo didn't appear to have done the same. "Anyway, I'm just really proud of you, kid," Theo continued, his disgruntled attitude disappearing so quickly that Scorpius took a second to catch up to where the conversation now was. "Now fill me in on what I've missed. What's up with this girl, and why the hell did you think it was a good idea to take up with a Weasley?" Scorpius laughed at the teasing comment, but his smile fell away a second later when he noticed the look on his godfather's face. He wasn't smiling. In fact, he looked like a mix between disappointed and frustrated. "Oh," said Scorpius, unable to hide just how taken aback he was as his uncle continued to stare expectantly at him. "I… I'm not sure what you want me to-" He was cut off by Theo abruptly bursting into laughter, his smile brightening up his face and showing his crooked teeth as he shook his head in amusement. "Sorry, I couldn't resist," said Theo, his voice full of mirth as Scorpius continued to stare at him with wide eyes. "I was joking, Scorpius," his godfather said, giving him a reassuring look and clapping him on the shoulder. Scorpius smiled and breathed easier. "Good God, you scared me," said Scorpius, his voice coming out in a nervous chuckle. "That was the point," Theo said with a smirk. "But seriously, fill me in. What's she like?" "Well," Scorpius began, unable to keep from smiling as thoughts of Rose completely took over his brain, "she's brilliant, for one thing. Top of the class in most subjects. We were Heads together this year, but we've been friends since we were fourteen. She was actually the first person besides Al that I felt like I could really be myself around at school. There's just always been something about her that makes me feel...safe, I suppose. Completely accepted for who I am while at the same time pushing me to be better. I sort of had a bit of a tough time with all that this year. I let all these stupid doubts and insecurities get to me, but she was there through all of that, you know? Even when we both made mistakes, I knew I could always count on her. She's got more faith in me than I deserve." An impressed look crossed Theo's face as he lifted his fresh glass of beer to his lips. "I was expecting something along the lines of how nice her legs are," he said with a smirk. Scorpius grinned. "That's just a bonus," he said, chuckling in amusement when Theo nearly choked on his beer. "Fucking hell, kid," he said once he'd caught his breath. "You sure did grow up. I remember when you used to blush every time I talked about birds." "I was thirteen!" Scorpius protested. "I'd only just started to realize that girls existed." "Did you know that Al actually cornered me one of the nights he stayed that last Christmas and asked me a load of questions?" "About what?" Scorpius asked, surprised and curious. "Oh, I'd made some comments about Pansy that were a bit - as your mother would say - off color, and he'd apparently been having a tough time of it with trying to get information out of his dad." Scorpius burst out laughing, imagining a thirteen-year-old Al eager and inquisitive. "What the hell did you end up telling him?" "Some shite about how sex makes you lose your magic if you do it wrong." They both laughed once again, the conversation morphing into retelling of memories, both ones they shared and ones they didn't. Scorpius was able to fill his godfather in on some of the things he'd missed during his prolonged absence, and Scorpius even got a few stories out of Theo as well, which wasn't easy to do. He'd never talked much about himself, giving himself a mysterious air that Scorpius wasn't sure was on purpose or not. "You know something?" Theo said as they made their way out of the restaurant over an hour later. "You're a lot more fun to hang out with now that you can drink." Scorpius laughed, his spirits high and his head slightly fuzzy after a day full of what felt like wonderful new beginnings. "You're more fun to hang out with now that Dad doesn't have to hang around and cover my ears every time you curse." Theo let out a loud laugh, probably a bit more boisterous than it would have been had he been sober as they began to make their way towards the Leaky Cauldron. "Merlin, did he ever have a wand up his arse about stuff like that when you were a kid. He really did drop the ball on making sure you stayed on the straight and narrow, didn't he?" Scorpius was about to agree automatically, until his godfather's words actually made it through his alcohol induced haze. "What?" he asked in confusion. "In what way am I not on the straight and narrow?" Theo rolled his eyes, waiting to answer until a group of giggling young women made their way past them. "You're dating a Weasley," he said emphatically. "And not just any Weasley either. A Granger-Weasley. Those two were practically Drake's enemies in school along with Potter. Being friends with Al is one thing, but I never would have guessed that Drake would be able to stand being in the same room with those two. Let alone you dating one of their spawn. I mean-" "Wait," said Scorpius, stopping in his tracks and hoping this was just another one of Theos jokes. "You're not serious, are you?" Theo turned and looked at his godson with a shrug and an innocent expression. "Yeah, a bit. I'm sure she's an alright girl, but you're only asking for trouble for your family. Weasley hates your dad. He may play it like everything's all good and fine and forgotten, but that ginger twerp was always the best at holding a grudge. At some point, Weasley will find a way to drive a wedge between the two of you and he'll make it all fall apart." He couldn't believe what he was hearing. Scorpius had always gotten along so well with all of Rose's family. Including her father. It was just a year ago that he'd pulled her dad aside before he and his wife left Malfoy Manor to tell them how much he appreciated them coming, even though he knew how hard it was for them. Ron had seemed sincere when he thanked Scorpius for his words and for welcoming them. And he'd given no indication since then that he was unhappy with the change in his relationship with Rose. Except for that slight bit of tension on the platform. "Uncle Theo, come on," Scorpius tried to reason. "It's not like that. Whatever things were like when you were in school, it's changed." Theo gave an amused and unconvinced snort as he began making his way down the street once more. "Things don't change that much." "Okay, fine," Scorpius relented as he followed after Theo. "Let's say, for the sake of arguing, that you're right. Why? What's he done in the past to make you think he'd do something like that?" Expecting a string of retorts and incriminating examples, Scorpius was surprised to see his uncle bite his tongue. They continued walking in silence for a few more blocks, Theo only speaking up when he stopped outside of the Leaky Cauldron. "Look," he said a bit tersely, "I don't think now is the time to get into it, but just be careful, all right? If being with her is what makes you happy, then of course I want that for you, kid. I just didn't want you to be completely caught off guard if it all turns to shit, all right?" Scorpius sighed and rubbed his hand over his face in exhaustion. As much as he'd enjoyed his first day of training, it had already been a long and tiring day. This night was supposed to be relaxing and carefree. And Scorpius didn't know where to go from here. Because he loved Rose. He wasn't doubting that. But he also didn't want to doubt his godfather. Not now that he was finally back in his life. "All right," Scorpius eventually said. "All right, I'll be careful. But I'm only saying that because you're my godfather so it's basically your duty to look out for me. I know that's all you're trying to do." The pinched expression finally left Theo's face, and he slung his arm around Scorpius' shoulder and offered him a grin. "You're pretty smart, kid, you know that?" With a smile that infectious aimed at him, Scorpius had no choice but to return it. "Yeah, I know." "It wasn't all bad, was it?" Erin asked as she sank down to sit on the floor next to Rose. They were still in the process of collecting the proper pieces of furniture, and the couch they'd originally acquired secondhand had ended up infested with fleas. Their dads had been all for trying to find a way to remedy the situation and salvage the couch, but Rose was thankful when their mothers had sided with her and Erin, who could both barely look at the couch without their skin crawling. Thankfully, Erin had always had a fondness for comfort, and had a rather large collection of oversized pillows, which were now spread out over the rather plush white rug they'd placed over the slightly course carpeting. "No," said Rose with a sigh. "It wasn't all bad." Upon arriving home - walking once again as the Floo had still been having trouble working - she'd dropped her bag and kicked off her shoes while announcing she was quitting before flopping down onto the pillows and staring up at the ceiling. She hadn't really meant it, but part of her wished she was the type of person who could actually make an irresponsible and rash decision like that. As it was, she'd been raised by a mother who taught her how to make logical and practical decisions, and a father who encouraged her to never take anything for granted and to tough it out. So as difficult as her day had been, quitting wasn't an option. And her response to Erin's question was honest. It hadn't been all bad. "The witch I'll be doing most of my work for is perfectly lovely," she continued. "A little chatty, but in a friendly way. I didn't see much of Mr. Bobbin, which was fine seeing as it was a rough day for him. Didn't sound very happy most of the time when I heard him through his office door. Oh! Did I mention they do magical and muggle publishing? Something they failed to mention during my interview? Of course, I'll be doing more work in magical publishing, since that's what Mrs. Franks does, but I have to have all this Muggle technology knowledge, which would have been a nice thing to know so I could've made sure I was up to speed during the summer. There's another girl who works in the outer office with me, and she mostly works for Mr. Turner, but she's a Muggle so she knows a lot more about this stuff than I do. I felt like an idiot." She paused to let out a sigh and rub her tired eyes. "Oh, and I'm pretty sure there's something going on there." "Going on where?" Erin asked. "Between Turner and Rita, his assistant," Rose clarified. "Mrs. Franks said she was perfectly lovely, but she and Turner were out for a business breakfast this morning so they came in late, and something had obviously happened because he walked straight into his office without even a glance at me while Rita started banging around at her desk in a huff, which she actually shares with me. It took her a good minute to notice me. She did help me out a bit with getting up to speed on how things work, but whatever her earlier frustrations were messed with her attitude a bit." Erin let out a sigh and flopped down next to Rose, their heads next to each other on a giant green pillow that Rose had always been particularly fond of and tended to claim during any sleepovers they'd had over the years. "How'd the day end, though?" asked Erin. "Not too horribly," Rose said with a shrug against the pillow. "Mrs. Franks was on the phone and in her office most of the day, but she promised she'd take me to lunch tomorrow and would have a lot more flexibility in general. I mostly did some organizing and familiarized myself with how they do things today, so hopefully I can get into some of the work I'm actually looking forward to tomorrow." She felt Erin nod next to her. "Good. And I'm sure it will get better. Sounds like it was an off day for everyone." "I suppose," Rose said with a sigh, and then rolled onto her side so she could see her best friend's profile. "What about you, though?" It was obvious immediately that Erin had been holding in her excitement to allow Rose to vent about her day, because a brilliant smile lit up her face, no matter how much she seemed to want to try and contain it. "Will you hate me if I say it was bloody brilliant?" Rose laughed, truly happy that at least one of them had been able to have the type of day they'd both dreamed of. "Of course not. Tell me everything." Erin turned so she faced Rose, immediately beginning to gush about everything she'd gotten to do. "Kiran's a riot," she said with a chuckle after she'd thoroughly exhausted the topic of her own personal lab and had moved on to the people she worked with. "I'm so glad I'll be working with him more than Pritchard or Madley. They're more the quiet, studious type, and you know I've always learned and worked better by talking things through. They're both absolutely brilliant, though." She continued to gush for a few more minutes, obviously very excited about the work she was getting to do. It was one of those moments where - no matter how difficult her own day had been - it was thrilling for Rose to realize that they'd finally ended up here. On their own with jobs and futures that they'd been dreaming of actually beginning to happen. "You know what's mad?" said Rose after Erin finally fell silent. "This is all real. Us living here together and going to our jobs. I know mine isn't ideal at the moment, but I suppose it's where I'm supposed to be right now. And it's all just the beginning." "I know," said Erin, a giddy smile on her face. "I know it won't always be easy either. I know my days are probably going to get longer once I have more work to do and I might come home hating my job at times, but I think the whole dreaming about doing this for years will help me get through it." "That's what got me through today with my sanity intact," Rose said with a chuckle. "That and my mother's phone call." Erin smiled. "What did you talk about?" "Work," Rose said with a shrug. "Plans. How much my dad misses me." "When you're actually in London and not at Hogwarts?" Erin asked with a chuckle. "I think it's knowing I'm close but not actually getting to see me," Rose said with an affectionate smile. "Which I get, I think." "We should get a phone," said Erin, her voice filled with excitement at the prospect. "They have a phone and so do my parents. Do you know if the boys have one?" Rose shook her head. "I don't remember. Fred's all about the mobile phones that the Muggles have had for ages now. They still don't work as well with magical interference as an actual phone line, though." "Leave it to Freddie to come up with a way to make them actually work," said Erin. "He probably will." "Then we'll all have to get one and everyone will be trying to talk to us all the time. We'll be tied to the things just like Muggles are." Rose laughed. "The people I work with have them, so there's a chance I'll have to as well." "Could be quite fun, actually," said Erin. "We do live in a Muggle building. It'll probably work all right here. Maybe I'll get one if it works for you." "Doubt you could get yours to work at the Manor, though." This made Erin crack up with laughter, the thought of anything that modern and Muggle being in such an ancient and magical home was a bizarre thing to picture. Rose laughed along with her. It was nights like these that she'd been looking forward to when she and Erin had first discussed moving in together after school. Especially after being in separate dorms their last year. It had seriously cut down on the amount of time they had to simply chat at the end of the day and laugh over the ridiculous things that had happened. Even the not so ridiculous moments as well. And they'd cry too. Like when Carter Brighton had caused the closest thing to heartbreak either had experienced to happen to Erin. Or when Erin had been told by her dad that things weren't looking well as far as her great gran's health was concerned. Or when Rose had failed a Charms exam because it was on the day she'd first acknowledged to herself the fact that she might actually like Scorpius, though Erin hadn't known that part at the time. Rose actually classified that as one of the ridiculous times as well. But look how that had worked out. He was her boyfriend now. And she cared for him much more than she had then. Fifteen-year-old her wouldn't have believed that was possible. Now there were a million different ways that he could reduce her to tears, not that she expected him to. But the potential was there like it never really had been before, and it was equally terrifying and exhilarating. She'd truly let him in, and he'd let her in too. Remembering the look on his face when he'd asked her what she thought of his godfather was enough to make her see that. He'd been so vulnerable in that moment, wanting to know exactly what she thought. And she hadn't been entirely honest with him. For the first time in quite a while. "Erin?" she asked, rather abruptly coming down from her laughter as Erin continued to control hers. "Yeah?" "What did you think of Scorp's godfather?" "Theo?" Erin asked, the question coming out with slight surprise. "He seemed brilliant. Obviously loves Scorpius. And he and Al both think he's smashing. Why?" Rose sighed and sat up, running her hands through her bushy hair. "I don't know. I can't quite put my finger on it. Something just seemed a bit off about him." "How?" asked Erin, sitting up next to her, all the humor of the previous moment gone as she looked at Rose with concern. "I don't know," Rose said again. "That's what's so frustrating. There was something about the way he looked at me, I guess." Erin's eyes widened in alarm. "You mean he…?" She looked Rose up and down suggestively. "No!" Rose was quick to say, almost laughing at the obvious relief that overcame Erin. "No, nothing that creepy. Just… like he didn't approve of me." "Rose, you know he was joking, right?" Erin said placatingly, remembering the comment Theo had made. "I suppose," she said with a shrug. "Just didn't quite feel like it at first." Erin reached out and rested her hand on Rose's shin, squeezing her leg reassuringly for a moment. "Rose, anyone would be crazy not to love you. And as much as I adore Scorpius, you're definitely out of his league, and he knows it." Rose chuckled but shook her head. "Sometimes I feel like he's out of mine." Erin smirked. "I think that's what they call love, sweetie." Rose laughed and gave her friend a playful nudge. She'd yet to admit out loud that she was in love with her boyfriend, and she wasn't about to start right now. "And I would know," Erin said through her own laughter. "I'd have to be in love with Al to ever consider him out of my league." They fell apart with laughter once again, the serious moment of their conversation forgotten as Erin went on to gush dramatically about all the ridiculous things she loved about Rose's cousin. A/N: Wow, it's been a while. I like to keep quite a few chapters ahead of what I've published, so that's why it's taken me so long to update since I haven't been writing a lot lately. Starting to get some of the juices flowing a bit though so we'll see if I get myself into gear. Starting to set the scene for some future plot points, and I hope you're enjoying spending time with these lovely characters (I mean, I think they're lovely). If you enjoyed, pleas review! Always love hearing from you.
As he collapsed on the sparring mat, Albus couldn't remember another time when he'd ever been so exhausted. The closest thing to compare it to would probably be the first week of Quidditch training back in his third year at Hogwarts when he'd first made the team. But that still felt like nothing compared to his first full week of Auror training. "Not bad, Potter," a smirking Auror Ferguson said from above. She was looking down at him with her arms crossed as he tried to catch his breath. "But maybe next time, remember that you need to actually move your feet as well as the rest of you, yeah?" Albus gave a grunt in acknowledgement before Ferguson walked off, most likely to give similar advice to other trainees. He closed his eyes and rested his arms on the mat above his head, breathing deeply and assessing whether his best friend had truly injured him or not. "Sorry," he heard Scorpius pant. "Didn't actually realize what I was doing until after the fact." Al let out a disbelieving snort as he opened his eyes to look over and see his best friend standing with his hands on his knees as he breathed deeply. "Mate, you can't seriously mean to tell me that you literally swiped my feet out from under me accidently?" Scorpius let out a chuckle as he stood up straight, linked his fingers together, and rested his hands on the top of his head. "Instinct, mate. Wouldn't kill you to listen to yours once in a while." "I listen to mine plenty," Al argued back as he slowly pushed himself into a sitting position. "Hurting my friend just isn't something that comes naturally to me, unlike some people." Scorpius rolled his eyes as he rested his hands on his hips. "I suppose I'm just better at compartmentalizing than you." Al glared and stretched a hand up towards his friend. "Quit being an arse and help me up." Scorpius chuckled but moved forward to help his friend, who groaned as he stood on his feet. He glared at Scorpius once again when he laughed. "How are you not nearly as sore as I am?" "You realize Chasers take more of a physical beating than Seekers do, right?" Scorpius pointed out as they began making their way out of the training center. "And I'm constantly throwing and catching the Quaffle. I'm a little more used to this type of physical activity." Al scowled as he walked stiffly alongside his friend. "Hadn't really thought of that, actually." "You'll catch up in no time," Scorpius said with a shrug, his tone confident. "The first few weeks will be the toughest. And you saw how tough it was for me to do some of those reflex exercises. You were brilliant at those. We all have our strengths and weaknesses." Al chuckled as they entered the hallway and made their way towards the locker room. "Thanks for the pep talk, sunshine." Scorpius grinned. "It's what I'm here for, princess." He laughed and jogged ahead to miss the rather lazy punch that Al threw at him, his tired muscles prohibiting him from doing much more. It wasn't until after they'd showered and changed that Al was feeling slightly better, though he knew he'd be stiff in the morning. "Feeling the first week, boys?" Logan Gable asked as he barged into the locker room while Al and Scorpius were packing up the last of their things. He was easily the most intimidating looking trainee, with bulging muscles and height to match, and was a rather stark contrast to Ethan, who happened to be his roommate. "Just a bit," Scorpius said pleasantly, probably just as keen as Al to encourage a conversation with the second year. So not at all. "Well, at least you get your first Saturday off," he said with a shrug. "Gives you a chance to relax your still wimpy little muscles." "Lay off, Logan," said Mason as he followed Gable into the locker room. "Or need I remind you that you barely passed stealth last year?" Logan glared at Mason but kept quiet as Al and Scorpius threw their bags over their shoulders and left the room, both wishing Mason a good weekend. Logan had been the only trainee that Scorpius or Al hadn't immediately hit it off with. He was a bit arrogant and careless and didn't seem to really mesh well with anyone other than Wilder, who was a third year along with Cora, Isaac, and Mason. And the only reason they even got along at all was because Wilder could actually match Logan physically, so he sort of had to respect him. Everyone else had given them very warm welcomes. They'd met Logan and Wilder when they'd done their physical evaluations their first day, and they'd already met everyone else at lunch. Al had always known that the amount of witches and wizards accepted into the Auror program was small, but it wasn't until he saw that there really were only ten of them spread across three years that it hit home how true that was. And they were pretty close knit, for the most part. Even Logan in some ways. A lot had gone down towards the end of the previous year that had really bonded them, but Al and Scorpius and Eden had yet to really be filled in on what had happened, except that it had involved Zoey and Ethan doing some unprecedented field work that hadn't gone as planned. It hadn't stopped them from welcoming the three newcomers with open arms and excitement, though. While there was some competition involved in training as they were often pitted against each other, there was an even greater sense of camaraderie and teamwork. You cheered each other on more than you took each other down. "You planning on just crashing tonight?" Scorpius asked through a yawn as they made their way down the hall. "Probably," Al said as he rubbed at his tired eyes. "I'm so bloody tired I can barely-" "Rose?" Al looked up at his friend in confusion as they walked into the central foyer, but Scorpius was staring at the reception desk with a surprised expression. Following Scorpius' gaze, Al's eyes widened as well upon seeing two very familiar witches chatting with Betty. "Did you know they were coming?" Al asked Scorpius, who hadn't said Rose's name loud enough for her to hear him. Scorpius shook his head as they began to slowly walk towards their girlfriends, who only turned and saw them after Betty had noticed them first. Al had been so busy all week that he hadn't had much time to actively miss Erin's presence, and it wasn't until he made eye contact with her that he realized how much he actually had. They hadn't seen each other all week, so no amount of exhaustion was going to keep him from being absolutely thrilled to see his girlfriend. She was leaning against the counter and smiling at him as he approached her, and he could see it in her eyes and her antsy demeanor that she'd missed him too. He dropped his bag as he grew closer, and then his sore arms were filled with her as he scooped her up and buried his face in her neck, breathing in the familiar sweet scent of her wavy blonde hair. "Hi," she whispered in his ear as she wound her arms around his neck, one of her hands running through his still shower damp hair. "Hi," he mumbled into her shoulder. He dropped a kiss there before setting her back on her feet, not having realized he'd actually had the energy to lift her off of them. "What are you doing here?" She smiled up at him. "Aren't I allowed to come visit you?" "Absolutely," he assured her immediately. "And I've missed you, so I'm definitely not complaining." Erin's smile brightened. "Betty was just telling us that you can request to have phones put in your rooms, and Rose and I are thinking of getting one for the flat. That way we can actually talk to each other throughout the week without having to send owls or awkwardly sit on our knees in front of the Floo." "Sounds brilliant," Al said with a smile, before dropping a light kiss on her lips. "Also," she continued as soon as he pulled away, "Rose and I have decided that Friday night is date night, at least once a month, just so we make sure we actually get to see the two of you." Al rolled his eyes. "You don't have to set aside a day to make sure that happens." "Maybe," she said with a shrug. "But better safe than sorry. We're likely to get pretty busy, and I know there will be times where we go longer than a week without any real time together, so I'm just doing my part to get as much of you as I can." Al grinned at her determined attitude, feeling incredibly lucky that spending time with him actually meant enough to Erin Longbottom that she would do everything she could to make sure it happened. He was never going to complain about that. "All right," he said, still grinning brightly at her. "Date night it is. What did the two of you have in mind?" "Actually," Erin said with a slightly mischievous grin, bringing her hands down to stroke his t-shirt clad chest, "we're each doing our own thing tonight." Al's eyebrows rose in surprise, and he looked in the direction that he assumed Rose and Scorpius to be in, only to find that they were nowhere to be seen. "We figured it would be nice to do a little first week in the real word celebrating," Erin explained as he looked back at her. "And as fun as it would be to do it all together, I was feeling a little selfish in regards to your free time, and Rose felt the same about Scorp, so we made the decision to divide and conquer tonight." Al grinned and pulled her closer, his arms still wrapped around her waist. "And what exactly are you planning on conquering, Miss Longbottom?" Erin giggled, but merely placed a few kisses on his lips in quick succession before pulling herself away. "First, food. Then we'll talk about all this conquering stuff." Al chuckled and shook his head as he linked his fingers through hers, telling Betty he'd be back late as they made to head towards the outer foyer and the elevator. "Actually, I have a message for you," Betty said before they could leave. Al and Erin shared a questioning look as they walked back over to the desk while Betty shuffled around the different memos in front of her. "Ah, yes," she eventually said. "The Head of MLE would like to see you as soon as you're done with training for the day." Al's brow furrowed in confusion. "All right. He still in his office?" Betty shrugged. "You'll have to ask Eric." "Right," Al said with a nod. "Thanks, Betty." They continued their journey towards the outer office, stopping at the front desk where they were greeted by a smiling Eric. "My dad still here?" Al asked. It felt a bit weird to assume that people knew who his dad was, but Eric had been working for the department for a few years now and had met Al before, so it didn't feel as strange with him. "Yep," said Eric. "And I think your uncle is still here too." Al nodded, not even needing to ask which uncle he was talking about as he walked through the door to the Auror department, Erin's hand still clasped in his. "Do you know what he wants?" Erin asked as they made their way through the cubicles. "No," said Al. "Probably just wants to know how my first week went. Shouldn't take long. Especially once I tell him I've got plans with you." "But he's your dad," Erin reasoned. "And you're following in his footsteps. He's probably thrilled. Don't cut anything short on my account." Al smiled down at her as they made it to the section of the department that had the offices for the higher ups in Magical Law. "You're brilliant, you know that? But I'm famished and exhausted so please let me use you as an excuse to get out of here quickly." Erin smiled a bit sheepishly at him and didn't argue as he knocked on his father's office door, opening it at the hollered response to come in a moment later. He wasn't surprised to see his uncle Ron sitting in one of the chairs across from his dad's desk, and his dad sitting behind said desk. What he was surprised by was the rather serious expressions they wore. His momentary worries disappeared a second later when his dad grinned and stood. "How was your first week?" he asked as he came around his desk, stopping in surprise when Al led Erin into the room. "Exhausting," Al said with a smile, "but brilliant. We were about to go out and do a little post first week celebrating." Harry smiled at Erin and Al. "Sounds great. Your mum and I did the same after my first week." Al was surprised to find his dad smirking at him, and he couldn't help glancing at Erin, who'd gone bright red. Thankfully, Ron tactfully cleared his throat and gave Harry a look. "Sorry," Harry said, though his shrug and slight smile showed he wasn't really. "That was mostly for Ron's benefit. He's still weirded out by the fact that I kiss his sister" Al laughed, still feeling slightly uncomfortable, but the awkwardness leaving the room as Ron called his best friend a prat. "Anyway," Harry said, his chuckle dying down as he leaned against his desk and crossed his arms. "I hope they're working you hard." "Hard enough," Al said with a smile. "I'm bloody tired, so we're-" "Actually," Harry interrupted, "there's something we wanted to talk to you about." Al looked between his dad and his uncle in question, both of their expressions serious once again. And they were both shooting glances at Erin. Taking the hint, Al turned to Erin apologetically. "I'll just wait outside," she said before he could even open his mouth, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze before quickly excusing herself. "All right," said Al as soon as the door was closed, dropping his bag and collapsing into the chair next to Ron. "What's so important that you had to go through official channels to get me to come see you?" Harry let out a heavy sigh, removing his glasses so he could rub at his eyes. "First of all," he said as he put his glasses back on, "just know that the only reason we're bringing this up is because we care about you, and we care about Scorpius." Al's eyes widened in surprise. He glanced between his uncle and his father. "What's going on?" "Al," said Ron, his tone a uniquely serious one that Al had rarely heard his uncle use, "how well do you know Theodore Nott?" Al's jaw dropped in shock. "What?" he finally managed to get out. "Scorp's godfather?" They both nodded solemnly. "Not that well," Al said uncertainly. "I've only met him twice." "When?" Harry asked sharply. "Once when I was thirteen and then again a few weeks ago," Al responded promptly. "What the hell is going on?" Harry sighed once again and moved around to sit behind his desk. "It's a bit complicated." "Then explain." "We can't tell you everything," his dad said. "Well then why bring me into this at all?" Al asked. "What's this about?" They were both silent for a moment, communicating with each other through looks and shrugs, before Ron took a deep breath and looked at his nephew. "How much do you know about the war? The Death Eaters in particular?" Al felt his blood run cold at the question. If this line of questioning somehow involved Theo, it didn't mean anything good. "I know that a lot of my mates' parents had parents that were pretty heavily involved in all that," he admitted. "Sort of comes with the Slytherin territory." "What about Nott Sr.?" Harry asked. "Ever heard much about him?" Al shrugged. "Scorp mentioned that he was pretty bad as far as Death Eaters went. Why?" They remained silent once again, and Al ran his hand through his hair in frustration. "Look, there's a very lovely young witch sitting outside that I have every intention of celebrating with tonight, which you know all about as you so wonderfully pointed out," he said with a glare at his father. "Can you please just come out with whatever the hell it is you're trying to say?" Harry gave Al an apologetic grimace, but it was Ron who spoke up. "Nott Sr. had a pretty notorious business that he got away with for a long time, and about four years ago, your dad got a lead that some of the still at large Death Eaters he'd worked closely with and we'd failed to bring in almost a decade before were working in the country again. They were involved in some really shady stuff the first few years following the war, and it all started happening again." "What sort of stuff?" Al asked. "Illegal trade, mostly," said his dad. "Various types of goods ranging from magical plants to creatures and all types of things in between. The worst of it was the black market potions and slave trades." Al gave a nervous gulp. He knew stuff like that happened, but it was another thing to have it discussed in the way they were now. Like it was relevant. "Before today, I wouldn't have told you that much," said Harry. "But you're training to be an Auror now. This is real life stuff, Al, and you're going to have to deal with it on a regular basis." Knowing his father expected some kind of response, Al nodded, mostly just wanting the conversation to be over, but also needing to know where it was heading. "Things had died down a bit after we brought in Nott Sr., but that was only a few years after the war," Ron continued. "There would be random reports that seemed like it was starting up again, but it wouldn't be consistent enough to discern a pattern. It took a while for us to connect it to his son. We'd been sort of keeping tabs on him after the war, but then he started traveling for long periods of time. When he was in town for Christmas your third year and things really picked up, we made the connection." Dread filled Al as he looked at his father for confirmation, disappointed to see him looking resigned. "He got off on a technicality," Harry explained. "We didn't technically have any proof that wasn't circumstantial. He's very good at covering his tracks. And his father had done enough groundwork that Theo barely had to get his hands dirty. I'm pretty sure he's never signed a single thing or had to do any type of incriminating magic. He left the country after that and hasn't been seen since. Until now." "And you're worried he's still involved in all this?" asked Al, working hard to wrap his head around everything. "Exactly," said Harry. "I made sure we had people tracking him as soon as Hermione told us he was back in town." Al nodded. "How'd she know he was back?" he asked his uncle. "Rose mentioned it to her," he said. "Hermione didn't waste any time before telling us as soon as she heard. She saw first hand the kind of damage the shady business he's involved in can cause." Al knew there was more to that story, but didn't press it. He'd already heard more than he'd been prepared to tonight. "Why exactly are you telling me all this?" he asked. "What do you expect me to do?" "Nothing," Harry assured him. "I just want you to keep your eyes open and be wary. We don't trust him, and I'm sure Scorpius has no clue about his history. Draco knows we suspected Nott, but I don't think he believes he's involved. Just watch your back and watch Scorp's back, and let us know if you see or hear anything suspicious." Al looked at his dad in disbelief. "That doesn't sound like nothing." "And don't say anything to Scorpius." "Dad, come on," Al said imploringly. "You can't ask me-" "As the head of your department who just told you classified information," his dad cut him off firmly, "I can ask you to do exactly that." Al took a deep breath to calm himself, worried this wouldn't be the last time his dad put him in this position. He gave a curt nod, not trusting himself to say anything else. "Just don't do anything stupid," said Harry. "Don't say anything to Scorpius, don't confront Nott, and don't go snooping. Just keep your eyes open." With his dad looking at him imploringly, Al found he could do nothing but nod once again, feeling uneasy about the whole thing, and hoping probably fruitlessly that it was all a big misunderstanding and that Scorpius' godfather - who was finally back in his life - was actually the descent wizard that Scorpius believed him to be. "You sure you don't want to talk about it?" Erin was still asking over an hour later. She really didn't want to pressure Al to open up if he didn't want to, but he'd been in a funk ever since they'd left his dad's office. He hadn't cared where they grabbed food, hadn't cared what they did after. He was completely absorbed in whatever had happened behind that office door. And Erin was having a very difficult time not being frustrated with the savior of the wizarding world. "I'm sure," he assured her once again. "And even if I wanted to, I can't. Classified and all that." Erin nodded in understanding, letting silence fall between them as they slowly meandered down the streets of London. "Want to take the bike out?" she asked. "It's the perfect night for it." Al sighed and shook his head, but gave Erin a grateful smile as he squeezed her hand. "I'm a little too tired for that. Any chance we could just go crash at yours for a while?" Erin nodded, letting go of his hand so she could wrap her arm around his waist. "Rose said she and Scorpius were going to head over to her parents after dinner. We should have it all to ourselves." Al snorted in amusement as he let his arm drape across her shoulders. "And I was just about to apologize for being so boring." "I think it's sweet," said Erin, turning the corner that would lead towards her flat. "She's all about making sure they both get along with each other's families as much as possible. We don't really have to worry about that, thankfully." She smiled up at him, but Al merely gave a hum in response, his expression severe and contemplative once again. Erin sighed, choosing to ignore it as they approached her building. When he immediately collapsed onto the cushion covered floor, she rolled her eyes and headed into the kitchen. It wasn't his fault that he was exhausted or that his dad had distracted him. But it didn't make handling her disappointment that their evening hadn't gone the way she'd wanted any easier. "Want something to drink?" she hollered out to him, hoping she was keeping the annoyance out of her voice. She heard him respond, but couldn't make out the words. With a resigned sigh, she moved to stand in the doorway to the kitchen. "What?" she asked, her hands resting on the doorframe. Al was lying on his back with his eyes closed, and he stretched an arm out to clumsily pat the cushions beside him. "I said I want you, woman," he grumbled out. "Get your sexy arse over here." Erin's annoyance melted away as she slowly strolled towards her boyfriend, willing the color that had risen to her cheeks to die down. It took a lot to throw her off balance, but Albus Potter was somehow always able to surprise her. And comments that showed how much he appreciated her - in an assortment of ways - was something she was still getting used to. Smiling mischievously down at her half awake boyfriend, Erin plopped down next to him, startling him a little and causing his head to pop off the pillow and his eyes to fly open. "And here I was thinking you were too preoccupied to notice how good I look in these jeans," she said cheekily. Al chuckled as he snuggled in close to her, his arm going around her waist. "I could be unconscious and still be fully aware of your presence, love." Erin chuckled as she lay down next to her boyfriend and curled into his side. She rested her hand on his chest, her fingers softly brushing across his t-shirt. "Sorry I'm so out of it," he said, turning his head to give her a truly apologetic look. "It's not your fault," she said in understanding. "And it's not like I gave you any warning. Not that you could've been better prepared if I had." "True," he said with a sigh, his eyes falling shut as he pulled her close enough to rest their foreheads together. "How was your day?" With a grin, Erin began to fill him in on the last twenty-four hours. While they hadn't actually seen each other all week, they'd been able to talk through the Floo network almost every night. And the nights they didn't do that, owls were exchanged. "Draco had to get on Kiran's case a bit again today for distracting me," she said. "I felt kind of bad, though, because I actually find his work really interesting so I let myself get distracted." Al let out a hum in interest as he slowly opened one eye. "How interesting is this bloke, exactly?" Erin gave her boyfriend a pointed look. "Interesting enough that he'd rather go out with you than me." "Ah," said Al, a lazy smile of satisfaction gracing his face. Erin rolled her eyes. "You do know that even if he was interested in snogging me in the storage room, you'd have nothing to worry about, right?" Opening his eyes fully, Al looked at her with an expression more tender than she'd been anticipating. "Yeah," he said, sighing in contentment. And then his hand was resting on her cheek as he leaned in closer. "I love you." His lips caressed hers softly, almost in reverence. It made Erin slightly short of breath, even though it only lasted about ten seconds. There was something about the moment that held weight. In some ways, his kiss spoke louder than any words he could have uttered. And there was a part of Erin that was terrified by what she heard through his kiss. And she heard it even louder in his next two words. "So much." For weeks, maybe even months now, Erin had been in denial about just how strong she suspected Albus Potter's feelings for her were. Comments thrown around comparing them to his parents or her parents had been brushed off with a chuckle or a roll of the eyes. But the more he failed to deny the possibility of their relationship turning into one that mirrored his parents or even her parents, the more it was easy to see just how in this he was. And it wasn't that there was anything wrong with that. And it wasn't that Erin didn't love him too. Because she did. So much. But how could he be so confident in something when they were still so young? How could he be so confident in something that had been so turbulent for months? Because there were times where she had trouble trusting that there wouldn't come a day when it would all blow up in their faces. Because that had happened more times than she cared to count. Part of her wanted to voice her fears and even felt like she could. She might not necessarily trust what they had to a fault, but she did trust Al. However, it'd been a long week of not seeing him. Of not been together. And if there was a chance that anything she said on the subject could ruin that, she wasn't about to take it. So she kissed him, and tried to say the things back that she knew he wanted to hear, but she wasn't sure she was quite ready to say, whether it was out loud or not. A/N: I'm SO sorry. It's been forever. But I'm finally inspired to write again and have a few chapters queued up! It's a busy time of year, though, so we will see if I can get back into the swing of things yet. Thoughts about the Theo stuff? Any of it ringing any bells as far as other things that have happened throughout these stories? I'd love to hear all your theories or thoughts or questions about that or anything else! Your comments are very appreciated.
When it came to her boyfriend spending time with her family, Rose wasn't nervous. They all got along well, and all anyone wanted for everyone else was for them to be happy, healthy, and safe. And everyone was, for the most part. Rose could tell her mother was stressed about work, which in turn agitated her father. And she wasn't about to dive into Hugo's mess of a social life right now. But nothing was incredibly out of the ordinary, no one was making poor choices, and things were going well. Things were fine. So, if that was the case, why had things felt incredibly not fine? "I'm so sorry," Rose found herself saying for what felt like the tenth time. "Tonight was supposed to be about celebrating and they ruined it." "Rose, it was fine," Scorpius reassured her for at least the tenth time as well. "People have off nights and things don't always go perfectly. Nothing detrimental happened. It was just one of those nights." Rose sighed in resignation. If the way he was only loosely holding her hand as they walked up the stairs towards her front door was any indication, it wasn't fine. But he was both too stubborn and too kind to admit it. "Still," she insisted, "I fully intend to talk to my dad about how he behaved." "He didn't behave in any way," Scorpius insisted, nearly cutting her off in his haste to disagree with her. "He was just-" "Behaving very rudely?" Rose countered as they reached her front door. "I just really want us all to be able to get along, all right? Is that too much to ask?" Scorpius let out a groan and ran his free hand through his hair. With a barely restrained sigh, Rose dropped his hand so she could dig through her bag for her keys, neither saying another word as she opened the door. Scorpius opened his mouth to speak as he closed the door behind them, but refrained from uttering a word at the sight that met them. Al and Erin were curled up together on the immense amount of cushions covering the floor, both of them completely passed out. It was actually quite adorable, in Rose's opinion, and some of the tension between her and Scorpius fell away as she offered him an apologetic yet indulgent smile. He looked amused as well, but shook his head and moved closer so he could whisper to her in an undertone, "At least they're both fully clothed." Rose shushed him and held back a giggle before signaling for him to follow her down the hall. They stayed as quiet as possible until the door to her bedroom was shut and a few privacy charms were in place. With a deep sigh. Rose sat on her bed and kicked off her shoes as Scorpius leaned against her dresser, his arms crossed as he faced her. "I think you're putting too much pressure on this," said Scorpius, his gaze almost imploring as he looked at her. "On what?" Rose asked, slightly nervous. "On our relationship?" "No," Scorpius said a bit impatiently. "On the part our families play in it. We all get along fine, Rose." With the exception of the tension present tonight, she had to concede that he was right. "Well, you've been saying how much you want me to get to know Theo," she countered. "That's different," said Scorpius. "I've known your family for years and you've only met Theo once. It's not about knowing him better, it's about knowing him at all." She fell silent, unable to argue and wishing she hadn't brought up his godfather. She still couldn't put her finger on why, but the whole thing still made her uneasy. "Rose, we've only been together a few months," said Scorpius. "We don't need to rush things. It's not like they're that serious yet anyway." Rose did her best to make sure the sting of his words didn't show on her face. She knew he was right, in a sense. Things between them were new, even though they'd had a close relationship for a while. They'd even cared about each other in a deeper sense than friendship for a while too. But she was probably getting ahead of herself in thinking their families had to get along. When it came down to it, she knew they would. If she were ever to actually become a Malfoy, her father would refrain from asking probing questions of Scorpius. Especially ones about his family history. She didn't know what had inspired her father to do so tonight. After grabbing dinner together first, she and Scorpius had gone to her parent's house. When she'd called ahead to let her mother know that they wouldn't be joining for dinner as originally planned but would be coming later, she'd been fine with it. It felt like a bit of a stretch to think their not coming for dinner was the reason for her father's behavior and her mother's tense demeanor, but nothing else made sense. Nothing even came to mind to explain it. Unless it had nothing to do with her and Scorpius at all, and it truly had just been a bad night. In which case this whole conversation was unnecessary, but she'd forced them to have it anyway. "You're right," she said with a dismissive wave, feeling a bit embarrassed now as she averted her gaze from his. "I'm being silly." Rose glanced around her room to distract herself, trying to think of ways she could decorate the still sparse space, but she heard Scorpius sigh and move towards her. She only looked at him after he sat next to her on the bed. "It's not silly," he assured her, backtracking a moment later when Rose gave him a skeptical look. "All right, maybe I think it's a little silly, but I didn't mean to make you feel silly for being concerned about all that." He reached out and slipped his hand into hers, and Rose gave him a small smile. "Thank you," she said. "But you're right. It's not a big deal. Things are fine how they are and I don't need to add any unneeded pressure." With a small smile, Scorpius lifted her hand to his lips and kissed the back of it. "I think things are pretty great." Rose's smile widened, a sense of peace finally returning to her. "They are, aren't they? Seems sort of silly now that we were both so worried we'd ruin things by actually being together." Scorpius gave a quiet laugh of amusement. "Sort of does. Blimey, I have a hard time remembering what it was like before we were together." "I don't," Rose said with a chuckle. "It was miserable." As a grin lit up his features, Scorpius dropped her hand and moved closer so he could gently hold her face, his thumb stroking her cheek. "Sorry about that. Probably my fault." "It was," Rose said with a pointed look. "I would've snogged you senseless when I was sixteen." Scorpius rolled his eyes. "You know you could have." "Do you really want to argue about this?" Rose said with an amused smile. "Because you can say it was up to me just as much as it was up to you all you want, but you're the one who made sure we hit the brakes. A few times." Scorpius gave an annoyed huff, before a look of determination took over his face. "Fine, but hell if I make the same mistake again." And then he was pulling her face to his and kissing her soundly, taking Rose off guard. But she wasn't complaining in the least. It had been a very long week of not seeing each other. With a sigh of contentment, Rose sunk into the kiss, her hand resting on his leg and gripping his thigh. This served to heighten Scorpius' sense of urgency, and he moved impossibly closer, one hand diving into her hair and the other landing on the bed next to her hip so he was practically hovering over her. Losing her balance due to his proximity and the way his mouth was moving hungrily against hers, Rose began to fall back on the bed, but stuck her hands out behind her to catch herself at the last second. Her heart was pounding at a rapid pace, and Scorpius didn't appear to have any ideas about slowing down. He was still kissing her as fiercely as ever, his tongue stroking hers in a way that left her powerless, and Rose gave into the temptation to let him take control. She lowered herself onto her elbows, Scorpius following and giving a slight moan of appreciation when his chest collided with hers. There was nothing Rose could do to stop herself from lying fully on the bed, her boyfriend practically on top of her as he snogged her senseless. She finally got a moment to breathe when he pulled away to trail quick, sloppy kisses down her neck. It took a moment for Rose to realize that wasn't all he was doing, but then the situation she now found herself in hit her like a train. With a sharp intake of breath, she quickly sat up, just as Scorpius had managed to straddle her as she lay on the bed. Her movement was accompanied by the sound of a painful crack and an outburst of pain from Scorpius as her head collided with his. "Bloody hell, Rose," Scorpius groaned through his hands, which were carefully holding his nose as he knelt over her. "I'm so sorry!" Rose cried, scooting away from him so she could go up on her knees and examine his face, all while holding her now throbbing head. "How bad is it?" he asked with a groan, moving his hands so she could take a proper look. It was a bit red and potentially bruised, but at least there was no blood. "Not very," she assured him in a shaky voice. "You'll probably want some bruise paste later, but maybe some ice now?" Scorpius nodded and got off the bed, Rose following quickly and leading him quietly into the kitchen. "I'm really sorry," she apologized once again, whispering as she opened the door to their freezer. Rose's appreciation for her mother grew at that moment when she spotted the bag of frozen peas on the door. "Mum always keeps one of these around," she explained as she grabbed it as well as a dry dish rag to wrap around it. "Glad I picked up the habit." She directed a skeptical looking Scorpius to sit at the kitchen table, and she smiled when he sat in the chair that he'd personally picked out when they'd bought the eclectic set. He placed the bag of frozen vegetables against his face, which continued to look skeptical up until the cold made him cringe, and then relaxed as it began to soothe his slightly swollen nose. "How's your head?" he asked, his voice sounding as if he had a cold. "Not too bad," Rose said with a shrug. Scorpius gave her as much of a pointed look as he could given his current position. Rose rolled her eyes and sighed in defeat. "All right, I'll take a pain potion." By the time she'd come back to the kitchen with a much more pain free head, Scorpius had propped his feet up on another chair and was leaning back in his with the frozen peas held against his face. Guilt welled up in Rose to see him looking so miserable, all because she'd had a moment of panic. She flipped on the light in the kitchen before moving towards him. "Let me take a look," she said, moving to stand between him and the table. He slowly lowered his cold compress and looked up. Rose held his face gingerly in her hands, turning it from side to side to make sure everything was still in tact. "Rose?" Scorpius said softly. Rose hummed in response as she opened the jar of bruise paste she'd brought with her. "What happened?" Rose gave him a questioning look. "What do you mean?" she asked as she dipped her fingers into the paste. "I mean before. What happened to make you… do whatever you just did in there?" Rose didn't answer right away, her lips pursed in concentration as she began to softly apply the paste to his nose. Scorpius gave a hiss of discomfort, but didn't protest otherwise. What had happened? One minute she was more than happy to be snogging her boyfriend, and then the next, she was in a very vulnerable position and not nearly prepared for it. For a few different reasons. "I don't know," she eventually said, her voice soft as she continued to tend to his nose. "Just... with tonight being what it was, and you saying things aren't even that serious between us, but then what we were doing was turning very serious and…" She trailed off, unable to finish out of embarrassment and guilt. "You know I'd never push you, right?" asked Scorpius, his brow raised and his eyes searching hers. "I told you we'd talk about things before we ever…" She gave him a slight, reassuring smile. "I know." That was one thing she wasn't concerned about. Scorpius was anything but pushy. He had the uncanny and sometimes frustrating ability to think of others before himself and to never ask for much of anything. She'd known even before they were together that he'd never ask her to do anything she wasn't comfortable with or ready for, and there were certain things that still fell into those categories. Especially at this stage in the relationship. There were plenty of things to say before anything more serious happened. Scorpius took a deep breath, letting it out slowly as Rose focused on the task of screwing the cap back on the paste. "I love you." For the second time that evening, Rose jerked her head up in shock. Her boyfriend was looking at her with uncertain eyes and his lower lip between his teeth, braced for her response to a statement she hadn't been expecting. Not now, when there was still bruise paste on her fingers and the swelling and redness had yet to go down from his nose. Which she'd injured after panicking about just how far their physical relationship could have gone without her stopping things. And as unexpected and nontraditional as his timing was, it made Rose believe him all the more. Because it wasn't in the heat of the moment and it wasn't in an attempt to gain anything. It was an honest statement. And even though it was probably meant to help assuage her fears, he wouldn't have said it if he didn't mean it. But it also meant that things were a bit more serious than he'd claimed they were not ten minutes earlier, as far as she was concerned. "Really?" she couldn't help asking, her voice small yet feeling like it echoed around the silent kitchen. Scorpius gave a silent chuckle before taking the jar of paste from her hand and setting it and the frozen peas on the table so he could lace his fingers between hers. "I did tell you I was falling in love with you a few months ago, didn't I?" he asked, amusement in his voice despite the fact that his eyes still betrayed how nervous he was. "That leads to things like this a lot of the time. And you said the same thing, if I'm remembering correctly." His bright eyes that looked more gray than blue at the moment were piercing her as he waited for her to say something. And for someone who'd been accused of putting too much pressure on a relationship that he'd deemed not that serious a few moments ago, she was having a difficult time responding in the way she wanted to. "But…" she began uncertainly, feeling guilty when his smile started to waver, "you just said that things weren't even that serious between us. That sounds a bit serious to me." Scorpius sighed and sat back in his chair, the distance forcing him to drop her hand. She propped them on the table behind her to help herself stay steady as he ran his hand through his hair. "All right," he said slowly. "In terms of the future and where this is heading, I don't think we're ready to be serious, or even need to be. We have no bloody clue what's going to happen next week, let alone years from now, and we're only eighteen. I don't know what's going to happen, but I do know that I love you, and I want to know that a future with you is possible, even though it's not guaranteed." A lot of what he said made sense and even made Rose's heart swell with love for him, but it also frustrated her. "What if I said I wanted to guarantee you that future?" she asked, her eyes meeting his hestantly and trying not to back down as they widened in surprise. "What?" he asked in a choked voice. Rose took a deep breath to steady herself. "Scorp, I really can't imagine not being with you," she said, sincerity coating her words. "I don't like thinking about the fact that we might not be together one day. And the fact that you seem fine with the possibility of that terrifies me. Because I'm very much in love with you and if you're not as committed to making this work as I am…" He'd grown blurry as tears had started to gather in her eyes, but she knew she'd surprised him with the intensity of her words. With a frustrated sigh, she looked away, grabbing the rag that had been wrapped around the frozen peas to wipe the greasy paste from her fingers. She tossed it onto the table before wiping at her eyes. Had she completely ruined things by laying her heart on the line so thoroughly? She flinched in surprise when she felt his warm fingers touch her elbow. And then he was guiding her hand away from her face so he could grab it. Before she knew it, he'd pulled her to him and settled her sideways on his lap, his arms around her waist and her head resting on his shoulder. "I'm very much committed to making this work, all right?" he whispered, his words brushing against her forehead. "I don't want to think about the possibility of things not working out, but a part of me can't help but plan for things going poorly. Because what if they do and then I'm not prepared for the heartbreak?" Rose gave a huff of annoyance, but didn't pull away from him. "That's a silly way to live. Always worried things will go wrong and spoiling the perfectly good things in your life because you're afraid of that very thing happening." Scorpius was silent for a few moments, and then she felt the soft pressure of his lips against her forehead as his arms tightened around her. "You're right," he murmured. "I'm sorry." With a sigh, she sat up so she could look him in the eye, having to bite her lip to keep from smiling in amusement. She'd forgotten for a moment about his nose. "What?" he asked, noting her near grin. "I really am sorry about your nose," she said, reaching up to stroke his cheek. He smiled at her. "It's already feeling better," he assured her. "Thanks for taking care of me." Rose smiled, her mind going back to months ago when she'd imagined taking care of Scorpius after an Auror related injury. This hadn't exactly been the moment she pictured. And she definitely hadn't imagined being the one to cause the injury. "It's the least I could do," she said, before leaning forward and placing a soft kiss on his lips, careful not to cause him any more pain. "Are we okay?" he asked after she'd pulled away, his eyes seeking reassurance as they searched hers. Rose held his face in her hands and gave him one more quick kiss before dismissing his fears. Because things did seem okay, even if she couldn't recall if they'd actually come to some type of conclusion. She knew she didn't feel as insecure about things as she had before. Especially now that she knew without a doubt how he felt about her. "Oi!" an annoyed voice sounded from behind her, and they both turned to see Al and Erin standing in the doorway to the kitchen, both looking very groggy. Al even had lines on his face from sleep, and both had rather disheveled hair. "What?" Scorpius asked innocently. "Can whatever's happening happen somewhere else?" Al asked. "Or at least without the lights on?" Rose felt Scorpius chuckling, but he did a good job of not doing it out loud. "Sorry," she said before standing from Scorpius' lap. "We didn't mean to wake you." "It's fine," Erin said through a yawn. "My neck was getting stiff anyway." Scorpius checked his watch as he stood. "It's getting late," he said. "We should probably head back." Al gave a combination of a groan and a yawn, rubbing at his eyes as he rested his weight against the doorway and Erin, who was standing in front of him and looking quizzically at Scorpius. "What the hell happened to your nose?" she asked. "Long story," said Scorpius as Al began to scrutinize him as well. "I'll be fine by the morning. Can you give us a mo'?" They heard no complaints from their friends, who were too tired to ask anymore questions as they moved out of the kitchen. "What is it?" asked Rose, looking up at Scorpius in question as soon as they were alone again. He surprised her by swooping down to kiss her, his lips firm yet tender against hers as he kissed her with more conviction than she'd been comfortable using for fear of hurting him. He didn't appear to have any such qualms. "I really love you," he said once he'd pulled away, both of them working to catch their breath a bit. "And I'm in this, all right? I want this, and I'm going to fight for it." The last bit of fear and uncertainty left Rose, and she sighed in contentment before winding her arms around his neck and holding him close, whispering that she felt exactly the same. Hey Kid, It's been great being able to catch up with you. Wish I'd been better at staying in touch over the years, but you seem to have grown up just fine without me. I want to do better, though, so you might actually hear from me every now and then. I know we had plans to see each other today, but business calls me away, unfortunately. I'm not sure how long I'll be gone, but I'll try to let you know when I'm heading your way. I can't make any promises about when that will be, but I'll do my best to not make it such a long absence this time. I can already tell you're going to be a brilliant Auror, so stick with it! Remember all the wise things I've ever said and you'll do fine. I'm only somewhat joking. I do want you to think about what I said the last time we talked. Just be careful who you trust, and know that I always have your back. Till next time, Uncle Theo Scorpius folded up the letter with a sigh, sticking it between the pages of his notebook once again. He'd probably read it a dozen times since his godfather had sent it two days ago. Theo was supposed to come visit him in the Auror housing on Saturday so he could see where his godson was living, and then he was going to take him and Al out for drinks to celebrate their first week. But this letter had shown up instead. He'd expected too much from his godfather, and he'd wound up disappointed. Just like he'd feared he would be. This was why it was better to be prepared for the worst to happen. That way you wouldn't have to go through much heartache when things inevitably went awry. The words Rose had said to him a few days ago rang in his ears. That's a silly way to live. Well it didn't seem so silly now. Not when he was once again disappointed. "Mind if I join?" Scorpius looked up, slightly startled to see a rather tired looking Ethan Longbottom standing in the doorway of the study room he was occupying. "Not at all," said Scorpius, quickly recovering and clearing some of the files he'd pulled from the library to make room for Ethan at the table. "What are you working on?" Ethan asked as he set his own books and files on the table. "Regulations and Protocol homework," Scorpius said with a sigh. "I have to look through these old cases and study up on what qualifies as self-defense. Although some of these cases from the early eighties are a little questionable." "Ah," said Ethan, an understanding smile on his face. "You'll find that to be the case when it comes to the first and second wars. R and P is a bit of a slog sometimes. And it's one of those things that, unfortunately, doesn't really go away." Scorpius gave a snort of agreement. "That tends to be the case with unpleasant things." Like people who abandon you. Not like he'd had that happen a lot, but still. He'd felt rejection often enough: from his housemates, his grandfather, and now his godfather. Eventually, he'd come to understand the first two. His fellow Slytherins just didn't understand him and didn't really have any sort of obligation to. His grandfather had chosen to follow his particular path before Scorpius had even been thought of, and while he'd only met Lucius Malfoy once after his release from Azkaban - weak and sickly and shortly before his death when Scorpius was only five - he'd felt the sting for a while that someone who was supposed to love him had chosen a path that hadn't enabled him to be there for his grandson. His godfather, however, was more than capable of being in his life, but simply chose not to be. And the repetitive sting was beginning to cause a permanent ache. "Everything all right?" Ethan asked after a few minutes of Scorpius' silent stewing. He relaxed his brow after realizing he'd been scowling down at his notebook, his pencil digging into the pages. "Sure," he said, offering Ethan what probably looked more like a grimace than a smile. There was a pause as Ethan seemed to be measuring him up, then he nodded and went back to his own studying. "How do people do it?" Scorpius found himself blurting out before he could hold it in. "How do you continue to trust people knowing they'll probably ditch you or screw you over the first chance they get?" Ethan looked at him with raised eyebrows, a confused yet contemplative expression on his face. "Well..." he began slowly, "I choose to believe that not everyone is looking for the first chance to disappoint me. It happens, obviously, but the amount of times that are intentional are far fewer than the amount of times that are, in my experience at least." Scorpius sighed, leaning back in his chair and rubbing a hand over his tired face. "You're right," he grumbled. "I know you're right, but it doesn't feel like that a lot of the time." To his surprise, Ethan gave a scoff. "Scorp, I don't think I've ever seen a group of people that are closer than you, Al, Rose, and my sister, and you're telling me that you're expecting them to disappoint you? Maybe you lot aren't as close as I thought." All of this was said with an indifference that had Scorpius immediately going on the defensive, but he held his tongue, taken aback even more by the fact that such a tactic had been used on him by Ethan in particular. He'd always been the type of person you never thought could actually utter a cross word or insult someone, let alone manipulate them. Where his sister was brash and bold, Ethan was meek and even-tempered, someone who'd led as Head Boy with understanding and grace and the occasional tough love when necessary. But Ethan Longbottom had changed over the last year, both his interior and exterior toughening up with his training, and it made Scorpius wonder if Ethan would turn out to be one of the best Auror's the Ministry had seen since Harry Potter and Ron Weasley had taken the force by storm over twenty-five years ago. But for now, he was just a friend offering some wisdom in a way Scorpius hadn't expected to receive it. "All right, you make a good point," Scorpius said begrudgingly. "It's just been a tough week." "I can understand that," said Ethan, and he set down his own pencil and reclined in his chair as well, giving Scorpius an open and expectant expression. With a sigh, Scorpius told him about his godfather's recent departure, and a bit of the historical precedent that showed he really shouldn't be that surprised by recent events. "That's tough, mate," Ethan said sympathetically. "Have you told him how much his absence bothers you?" Scorpius gave a disheartened shrug. "Wouldn't make a difference if I did. He'd just tell me that it couldn't be helped." Ethan nodded, a contemplative look on his face as he sat forward, prepared to resume his studying. "Your call, mate," he said. "But you'll never know for sure unless you try." Well, he was right, Scorpius had to concede. But it still didn't matter, because Theo was gone, and Scorpius wasn't about to pour out all of his hurt feelings in a letter. If he ever got the chance to tell his godfather that he'd prefer it if he were around more often, then he would. As things stood, it was pointless to dwell on what he could possibly do to make things better, because there really wasn't anything to be done. After spending another hour trying and failing to retain anything he was reading, he left Ethan to his studies and headed back to his room, hoping Al was still getting in the extra training he'd been planning to do after dinner. Even though it was only half past eight, all Scorpius wanted was to curl up in bed and try not to think about the fact that he'd wanted to spend the next few weeks developing a relationship between his godfather and his girlfriend. He'd thrown out the idea of getting them to spend more time together to Rose not long after Theo had come to town, and he'd sensed hesitation on her end. He'd noticed it the few other time his godfather had been brought up as well, but he still couldn't figure out why she didn't seem very open to the idea. She'd assured him nothing was wrong and that she liked Theo as well as she could with how little she knew him, which had encouraged Scorpius' idea that he make sure she get to know him better. Of course, that plan had been shot to hell, and while he felt bad for doing so, he'd made up an excuse about having too much studying to do to be able to spend time with her that night when she'd asked if he was free for dinner. It wasn't a total lie, seeing as he did have quite a lot on his plate, but he could have made it work. Scorpius made it to his room without hardly noticing how he'd gotten there, his mind too distracted to fully be aware of his surroundings. With a sigh, he pulled his wand and tapped the doorknob before shouldering the door open, immediately dropping his bag full of study materials and dropping his wand as he let out a yawn. He kicked the door shut behind him and collapsed on the couch, rubbing at his eyes and appreciating the fact that the Academy provided very comfortable furniture. He'd actually fallen asleep on the couch a few times in the week and a half that he'd been a trainee. As much as Scorpius really did look forward to being a fully trained Auror, the road to getting there was already rougher than he'd thought it was going to be. The physical and mental training was already beginning to take its toll. The second and third years said that it got easier in some ways, but he also knew it grew harder in others, to say nothing of the emotional toll it would take over the years. Zoe was already having weekly appointments with a Mind Healer, which had something to do with whatever incident had occurred that involved her and Ethan back in the spring. Ethan had mentioned he'd had a few appointments too, but Zoe had suffered more. But Ethan only seemed stronger after whatever he'd been through. And Scorpius knew he was too. He could only hope that whatever lay ahead of him would grow him rather than break him. His thoughts running in circles and his brain tired, Scorpius had nearly fallen asleep on the couch when a subtle noise coming from the direction of Al's room startled him awake. And it sounded an awful lot like someone was crying. Confused, Scorpius stood from the couch and slowly made his way towards his friend's room. The door was shut, but there was light coming from under it, and he could also make out the soft murmuring of a voice accompanying what was most definitely feminine tears. Unsure what to do and if he should do anything at all, Scorpius stood there silently for a few moments, before deciding on knocking as lightly as possible, so that it could easily go ignored if necessary. It wasn't long before the door slowly opened and Al stood in the entrance, weary and obviously distressed. "Now's not a great time, mate," he said softly, the words hardly able to be heard over the crying that had grown a bit louder as the door opened. "What's going on?" Scorpius asked in an equally quiet voice. Al seemed to struggle internally for a second before letting out a sigh and glancing back into his room as he opened the door a smidge wider. With a small step forward, Scorpius was able to see past his friend and into the room, taking in the surprising image of Erin Longbottom, whose back was to him as she lay curled up on Al's bed, crying her eyes out. "It's her gran," Al explained in a whisper. "It was a year ago today…" Al didn't need to explain any more. A surge of grief on his friend's behalf swept through Scorpius, making everything he was dealing with seem significantly unimportant for the time being. No wonder Ethan had looked exhausted earlier. Scorpius was a little surprised Erin's brother was doing as well as he was, but then Scorpius probably would've poured himself into work or something else as equally distracting if it had been him as well. "She was here waiting when I got back from training," Al continued to explain, "and I know we're not supposed to have overnight guests, but I don't think I'll be able to get her to leave or even want her to, you know? Not when she's this upset." Al looked seriously torn, and Scorpius felt for him. He knew that if he were in Al's shoes, he'd feel exactly the same way. "They even gonna know if she doesn't leave?" Al shrugged uncertainly. "Not sure. I suppose I could get her back to hers and stay there with her. If she needs me to." Scorpius nodded as Erin let out a fresh wave of sobs. A look of pain crossed Al's face as he moved back towards his girlfriend as if he were magnetically pulled to her, no longer concerned with his roommate's presence. Scorpius watched as Al sunk down onto the mattress behind Erin, stroking her arm as he whispered soothingly into her ear. Erin seemed to relax a bit after taking a deep breath and reaching up to grip Al's hand. She pulled his arm around her, and Al seamlessly laid down on the bed, curling up behind her and holding her close. Even though her tears continued, it was staggering to see how much his presence brought her comfort. She immediately seemed more relaxed as her breathing grew easier and her sobs quieted down. As he stepped back and closed the door, Scorpius couldn't help thinking of his own problems and how small they seemed in comparison. At least the people who loved him were still around, if not always present. Maybe he could work on being a little less bitter and a little more grateful for not only the times he'd had, but for the possibility of more in the future. Because not everyone got that. A/N: Finally getting back into a bit of a writing groove, but upcoming travel and holidays may put a dent in that. If you ask nicely, you might hear from me again before the new year! As always, your reviews give me life and keep me going.
