First I want to say that I do not own the Harry Potter series at all. I will be making changes to it like many others have has well. I am also not the best with writing for forgive me for mistakes and such. I respect J.K Rowling a lot and her writing is amazing to capture so many people's hearts with her Books. Now I will make the story line follow the books in terms of years and such but there will major differences. Please forgive me if this isn't your style or such. I just wanted to try my hand at it. Talking will be like so: "Hello Harry Potter" Spells will be such: 'Avada Kedavra' Thoughts will be: "Stupid Ferret" And Parseltongue speaking will be: §Hello Potter§ Now please without further or due. I welcome you into my world of the Harry Potter Series my way. A resounding Boom was heard through the leaky and shaking shack. The winds and thunderstorm out side seemed to be trying to destroy the building. A young boy who was just about eleven years of age was laying near the fire wrapped in only a sheet. He was watching the clock that was near his sleeping pig sized cousin on the couch. The time was showing only 11:30 PM. He looked to the fire and added another log sending a shower of sparks up the stone chimney. When he did a piece of burnt paper fell out of the fire. This paper was the reason, that he was on a sandy dirt floor in the first place. He had to chuckle a bit about the troubles that letter and the bunch that showed up almost about a month before they got to this point. Yet the true beginning of the story was longer than he remembers or wasn't awake for at the moment. November 1st 1981 In a quiet little cul de sac known as Privet Drive in a neighbourhood known as Little Whinging in the town of Surrey. The halloween holiday had just passed. It was early in the morning, maybe only 4 AM. The entire area was covered in a dense fog. This fog was just dense enough things looked like they stepped out of a nightmare. There was not a sound, except for a owl that was on a sign giving some hoots every now and then. Before flying off to the night. It headed towards a mini like forest on the outside of the cul de sac. Where as the owl disappeared into the trees. A man who by today standards of britain was weird on its own in terms of age near the age of a 105. Yet the clothes were weird as were long. His robes that covered his entire body in a royal purple with golden edge. With flying winged balls flying around. Even his cone shaped hat was out of place here. He was slowly making his way to Privet Drive like a man on a mission. The man was not known to the area but in a different yet Parallel world beside the normal world the one filled with magic. He was known as the leader of the light. His name was Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. He soon stopped right at the entrance to Privet Drive and pulled out what looked to be a big lighter. He soon opened it and a light from one of the lamp posts about four away soon were heading to the device. Sure enough all the ones he pointed to soon disappeared as well. After the lights were all gone from the posts the man looked to a cat he missed. He looked to the cat which was of the Maine Coon breed. He chuckled a bit and told the cat." I should've known you would be here Professor McGonagall." The Maine Coon started to shift and sure enough there was a woman who looked to be around mid forties. Her Name was Minerva Catriona McGonagall A women from Scotland decent. She was wearing solid black robes with a bigger hat with a brim as well. The robes had a big collar to protect her neck from wind. She was looking at the man with a scowl and worry on her face, as she started question the man in front of her." Are the rumors true, Albus?" Albus sighed as they walked to their destination. He answered her plainly." I am afraid so professor, the good and the bad." He didn't look his second in command as he answered since he hated lying to her but it was for the greater good. He answered her next question before she asked him."Hagrid is bring the boy here for his safety." She looked curious as to how he knew that question but filed that away for later and focused on what he said."Are you sure it was wise to put such a task to him Albus? Especially something as important as this?" Albus stopped walking as he got to the house with the number 4 on the front of the house. He looked to the witch and answered her with no emotion in his usual grandfather voice." Ah Professor, I would trust Hagrid with my life." Soon as he finished saying that a sound unknown yet almost known to the two of them was heard from above them. So the two turned to the noise and soon saw a big light coming towards them. The two pulled their wants from their cloaks and had them ready just in case. They soon were able to see the man behind the light. Both were a bit confused as to where he got the bike from or to fly. Then the two saw the name of the bike was called Marauders. They then knew who gave him the bike to get here. The bike and giant man soon were landing on the pavement with a screech as the brakes were used to slow down the weighed down bike. He turned to the side and stopped about ten feet in front of them and took of his goggles he used to see in the cloudy and foggy night sky. He turned to the older witch and wizard who were looking shocked. Maybe by the fact he drove their with the boy or the fact the bike was able to lift up with his half giant body on the bike. The man finished parking the bike and looked again at the professors and said in his normal loud voice."Evening Professor Dumbledore Sir. Professor McGonagall ma'am" He gets of the bike gently while holding a baby sling preventing the baby in front of him to be shaken from the movement. Albus asked almost too urgently."I hope there was n problems Hagrid." The man shook his head as walked towards them replying to the question. "No there was not really any problems. I meet Sirius at the house as I was coming out with Harry. He was crying as he got their for their dinner plans last night. He sobered up as he saw me carrying Harry. He asked for Harry as is his right as Godfather but I refused and said you wanted to keep him safe for a while." This caused some confusion and anger from both professors. Hagrid continued his explanation since he didn't notice the face of the two."He seemed to accept that answer. He then tossed me the keys to the bike. Before mumbling about skinning a rat and apparating away. Confused me but made it faster for me to come here so didn't complain. Harry was awake for it all the conversation and following our voices but as we drove here. The tyke fell asleep as we flew over Bristol. Though he seemed to love flying. please try not to wake him." Dumbledore was slowly grabbing Harry from Hagrid as he said the last part to put him in the basket he transfigured from a leaf from his shoulder. The two Professors noticed the wound on his head had some blood there but was not bleeding now. Dumbledore knew what it was but Professor McGonagall was puzzled but Before she could ask Dumbledore was making his way to the door. She asked in a hushed voice."Are you sure it is safe, to leave him here with these people? I have been watching them all day they are the worst kind of muggles I have ever seen or Imagined. They really are." She was interrupted by Dumbledore." The only family he has left. Here he will e safe from our world and any who wish revenge." Minerva was not convinced and told him a simple fact." He will be famous, Every wizard child will know his name surely there is someone who will take him in and raise him in our world?" Dumbledore just ignored him and looked back at Harry and was doing some silent casting to Block most of his magic and abilities. He finally spoke to her again. "He is far better off her in the muggle world where no one will find him. Growing up in our world will only stunt the boy and make him a snob or spoiled. Then when he is ready he will join our world." Dumbledore then slowly lowered him and the basket to the ground. Behind them Hagrid was trying not to cry and shed tears since in the couple hours of him being with Harry he wormed a spot into the half breeds heart. Dumbledore soon turned to the man and gave him the grandfatherly tone he is so use to using." Now, now Hagrid. This isn't goodbye after all." Hagrid soon was nodding to him and Dumbledore and the others turn back to the baby on the doorstep. While Dumbledore says loud enough to hear."Good Luck Harry Potter." While thinking in his head."My little weapon for the greater good." The date now was June 30th 1991 As Harry was resting under the stairs in a cupboard he was thinking about his life. Throughout the years were not kind to Harry. He was forced to be like a slave to his Aunt, uncle and cousin. If there was anything wrong with how he did something. He was punished. He had a few incidents where something broke randomly or floated to him and so his uncle beat him with whatever was near him. All because he was a Wizard. Thanks to a dream where he meet a ancestor Morgana Le Fey. The first time it happened Harry did something weird His uncle Vernon tied him to the Banister and son whipped him till his back was bleeding from a bunch of different marks from his belt. The next one, he was running from Dudley and his gang of bullies at school were chasing him and as he was running he turned a corner and somehow ended up on the roof. He didn't understand how but soon as it was explained to his uncle. He brought him to the house where as soon as he was inside he grabbed Harry by the hair and threw him into the wall where four of his ribs and arm broke the arm broke in 4 spots. Yet his uncle was not done with him he had a fire poker red hot and soon was burning the word freak into Harry's broken arm. Then threw him in the cupboard to suffer in silence. Harry had learned long ago that crying got him more punishment and such so he never cried or made a sou during the beating and torture. He always was doing the cores for everyone else while the whale and pig were lazy and his Aunt just ignored everything going on. She did not hit him or anything just did the chores she never wanted to do. One which he was okay with was gardening since it was outside. That was where he also discovered he could talk to snakes. They told him about the world beyond his jail. They explained the wizarding world and what has happened in it. They told him spells and showed the movements from young witches and wizards who were practicing at home. They told him of how he is famous both in books which were false and the true story. He never told his aunt or uncle what he could do since it got him beaten in the past. Though today was a day he would never forget. It started like almost any other day besides the fact it was his cousins birthday. A pounding on the door shook him from his thoughts. The the unnatural tone of his auts voice was heard." Freak, get up now and fix breakfast. NOW!" The door was then unlocked and soon She stormed off to the Kitchen to start Breakfast. Harry reached for his glasses even if they actually didn't help him since he uses magic to make his eyes better till he can get something different. He looked up as his cousins footsteps were heard on the steps above him. Dudley was jumping on the stairs as he yelled at his cousin."Wake up cousin, we're going to the Zoo." All the while Shaking dust onto Harry. Dudley was laughing getting closer to the door as Harry was about to step out of the room Dudley punched Harry in the gut. Then pushed him back into the cupboard then slammed the door shut. Before running to join his parents in the kitchen to get his breakfast and his gifts. Harry groaned but recovered very quickly since his cousin did't actually hit him to hard this time. He soon was entering the kitchen though a glass door and soon was being ordered by his aunt."Why don't you finish breakfast and no burning anything." Harry just nodded and finished cooking before stacking all the food on the three plates while putting some aside for himself hidden away from his uncles sight. His uncle saw Harry come into the room and yelled out."Bring me my coffee you freak. Also my food I'm tired of your waiting around like you own the kitchen." Harry just quickly put his uncles food on the table with a cup of coffee that had 7 cubes of sugar and no cream. Aunt Petunia soon was covering Dudley's eyes and leading him to the presents. When she uncovered them so he could see. The boy did a quick count before turning to his father and asking in a spoiled voice."How many are there?" Vernon Dursley smiled and said."36, I counted them myself." Dudley just exploded on his father yelling as loud as he could."36, LAST YEAR I GOT 37!.! WHY IS THERE ONLY 36!" Vernon stammered." Wel-l al-ot of these are bigger than last year." Dudley just added venom to his voice."I don't care how big they are." Aunt Petunia was quick to run interference since A angry dudley is something no one wanted." Why not while we are out today we buy you two more presents huh duddkins. How's that Pumpkin?" This seem to satisfy the angry child as Harry watched and shook his head from how stupid his family if they could be called that was. About half hour later when the food was all done. They were all soon headed out of the house to the car. Dudley and Aunt Petunia were in the car already. Just as Harry was about to jump in the car Vernon shut the door and got into Harry's face. All the while whispering with enough Venom to kill a human if it was a snake."Listen well and Listen well Freak. If there is any funny business at all. I will make sure the other punishment I have given you will feel like nothing compared to this one. Do you understand me freak?" Harry just nodded since there was nothing really he could say. He just stared out the window as they made their way to the zoo. Every now and then he would catch sight of people not dressed like they belonged he knew they were Wizards or witches. He noticed a few even flying around on brooms seemingly invisible to the naked eye of everyone else. Sure enough after about a 30 minute drive they arrived at the Zoo. As they walked in the Zoo. Dudley instantly wanted to go into the reptile house since he likes snakes and other reptiles. Harry liked the snakes as well but Kept that quiet. They all were soon looking at a Boa species from Burma. Yet the snake wasn't really moving besides breathing. Dudley looked to his father who knocked on the glass while saying."Wake up now snake." Dudley seemed to think his father's message wasn't good enough so he slammed on the glass a bunch in attempt to make the snake move. Harry siple sighed before saying quietly."He is asleep at the moment. Also Snakes have good hearing and loud noises make them mad and more than likely will cause them to hide or attack." Just as a Vernon was about to rip him a new one a Keeper of the Zoo came up. Who was wearing the uniform and and his hair was almost black as night came up to them and told them sternly."Please leave the glass alone. The young man is correct and a snake this size could break through the glass if pissed enough. So if you cannot behave please leave my reptile house." Aunt Petunia seemed to pale as she saw who was talking and he gave her a slight nod as if he read her mind. She directed everyone but Harry away from the man. Harry looked to the man and sent him a smile. The man almost recoiled and flinched before smiling and walking away Mumbling about mothers eyes. Harry was confused but focused on the snake and smiled as it hissed in thanks. Even if the snake didn't know he understood. "§Thanks for getting them to stop the knocking is maddening at the best of times.§" Harry smiled before hissing back to the snake."§ That is no problem my friend, I noticed you were bred in Captivity. How about I find a way to get you out of here.§" The Snake was amazed that there was s speaker in front of him. Someone a legend to the snake species. The snake was looking around to figure a way for the boy to help him get him out. Yet after a minute he could not without getting the boy in trouble. Harry was about to do something when he got pushed out of the way from his cousin who saw that the snake was moving around finally. He was pressing all over the glass and staring at the snake all amazed. Harry had an idea he put his hand up and closed it gently. While whispering 'Finestra'. This caused the glass to shatter into a bunch of pieces from where Dudley made contact to hide his involvement in the accident. Not realizing the spell also destroyed the glass of the one beside the Boa. In which a snake snuck out and hide in Harry's shirt under his coat even one of its size. Just like he planned Dudley soon fell into water by the snake as the snake slithered over the boy before going out of the exhibit and making its way out of the house. The man who was in charge of the exhibit was surprised but knew who the boys parents were and was not shocked he could cast wandless. Harry's aunt and Uncle soon came up on hearing the glass breaking ad both screamed as they saw the snake slither over their son and were very worried. they pulled him out of there as soon as the snake was gone. Aunt Petunia was fussing over him and wrapping him in a bunch of towels she got from the black haired man. She took them with a glare but still took them. Uncle Vernon looked to Harry who was watching everything on his ass and assumed he did something. He soon grabbed the boy by the back of his shirt and dragged him to the car. All the while under watchful eyes of the man who was glaring with fire in his eyes. Who Harry finally saw a name on his shirt sewed into it. S. Snape. When they got back to the house and inside away from witnesses. He grabbed Harry's hair and yelled at him."HOW DID THE GLASS BREAK, FREAK?! ANSWER ME NOW OR PREPARE TO HAVE HELL RAIN ON YOU! ! ! ! !" Harry struggled to get it out but finally said. Dudley slammed into the glass and hit it too hard and the glass broke. That's all I swear to god nothing else happened." Vernon just threw him in the cupboard and growled." Fine that's no supper for a week. Because of you his birthday is ruined." The vent to the cupboard was slammed shut and soon was locked. As Harry was about to lay down a tiny voice behind was heard in a hissing he only knew from snakes. §Please speaker don't freak out or lay down. I am on your back we need to talk.§ Harry soon relaxed and felt the snake finally come off his back and when he knew it was safe he turned around. Before gasping as there in front of him was a viper around seven feet long. One known in Latin america as the most Venomous snake there. A Fleur De Lance. Harry paled before asking the snake calmly.§ Can you please explain why you are here or rather how you got here? I doubt I can hide you if you are looking for somewhere to hide.§ The snake didn't seem bothered by the question or anything and answered simply.§ you are a speaker of the old age. I was born in wild but was captured really young. I heard of people who could understand snake and speak to snakes and dragons alike. I had hoped to find one who was a speaker. Also when you freeded the Boa you accidently used to much magic and broke my glass as well. I knew you were the speaker so I climbed on your back as you watched everything. I am here not to ask for freedom or to be hidden but to become your familiar. If you accept then I can become part of your skin in a form of a tattoo. Please don't refuse me my Speaker.§ Harry was shocked by this since he had heard of a few people with true familiars most only had pets even in the wizarding world. He realized the snake was serious about this and nodded and offered his arm. The snake slide up his arm and when to his chest where Harry felt the snake enter and become the tattoo te snake was talking about. He opened his shirt and saw a snake ready to strike. He smiled before turning the slight off and getting some rest before thinking to himself."Well today turned out to be amazing I wonder what will happen tomorrow."
Nothing big happened for the next two weeks due to Harry keeping his head down. Sure he was still treated like a slave for his unfortunate family. Harry had called the Fleur De Lance by his now name of Dredd. Why because the snake breed is always your judge, jury and executioner. Though on this day July 22, 1991 Harry was still cooking for the family as is it most mornings. When Uncle Vernon who was shoving food in his mouth like it was his last meal. Heard the mail slot on the door open up and some mail fall to the floor. How he heard it over his chewing and the telly Dudley was watching still confused harry but shrugged it off. Uncle Vernon turned to Harry and spat out at him. With food flying everywhere." Well, what you waiting for freak go bring me the mail. Now you blasted freak!" Harry walked to get the mail before his uncle gave him a reason to beat him once again. When Harry got to the mail slot, he grabbed the mail and was sorting the mail as his uncle liked. Bills to the back, then the advertising and in the front was the paper. When he got to the final envelope he was shocked it had his name on it. It was in a green ink and written in a cursive language. Mr. Harry James Potter The Cupboard Under The Stairs 4, Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey UK Harry couldn't believe someone written him a letter. Then on top of that knew where he slept and almost lived. He was stunned beyond belief allgo forgetting what the snakes said about magic in the world. He soon was making his was back to the kitchen where everyone was for breakfast. He soon passed on the rest of the mail to his uncle. Where he kept staring at the one addressed to him in his hands as if it break if he did anything else. He heard his uncle talking about a postcard they got from Aunt Marge who was sick or something he was in a bit of a daze about such things. That was till the letter was snatched out his hand by Dudley who took a break from the telly and saw Harry with the letter. Dudley had the letter and was yelling."Look Harry's gotten a letter." Harry meanwhile told them all in a simple tone."Give that back it is mine." Uncle Vernon chuckled before saying to everyone."Your's who would be writing you." All before looking at the letter. Which quickly shut him up. While Aunt Petunia and Dudley were looking over his shoulder. Soon as they all read on the front of the letter no one said anything but gulped. Then as Uncle Vernon flipped the letter over and saw the wax seal and stamp of a shield with a big H and above that was written HOGWARTS in black ink. Soon enough Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia shared a looked. Then everyone looked at Harry with what looked to be scared at harry. All caused Harry to gulp since he was soon expecting a beating. Over the next few days in the morning Uncle Vernon was soon dealing with the mail as uit came in the slot. As there was three letters which were ripped up by Uncle Vernon. Which resulted in Uncle vernon screwing a piece of wood over the slot to stop mail from coming in. The next day was Humorous for Harry to watch from the sitting room window. He watched as Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were giving a kiss goodbye there was at least eight owls on his car. Then as soon as his Aunt looked down there was all eight letters on the ground. Later that night when Harry went to put some wood on the fire. He saw Uncle Vernon putting them all in the fire with a smile. Then soon as he saw Harry he smiled even bigger as he threw one more in the fire. Harry was steaming mad but choose not to say anything as of yet. The saturday morning was even better. As he was helping with the cooking for breakfast he watched as his Aunt when to crack a egg and instead of yolk there was a letter. It was funny watching his Aunt almost lose her mind when every single egg did that. She looked out the window and was screaming. Which caused him to loo and in their backyard was over a 30 or so owls. Sure enough Uncle Vernon locked him in the cupboard for the day. The next morning Uncle Vernon was all happy. Even if him and Aunt Petunia looked as if they haven't slept in over a week. Harry was serving the tea and biscuits to the family in sitting room. Uncle Vernon finally said out loud." It's a fine day sunday. In my opinion best day of the week. Do you know why it is a fine day Dudley." Who while being asked that was sitting by his mom sharing her plate of biscuits. Who shrugged and was confused by the question as was Aunt Petunia. Harry figured it out and was a bit shocked since he figured Magic posty was 24/7. But wanting to be a bit smug answered."Cause there is no post on sunday." Uncle Vernon brighted and grabbed another Biscuit from Harry's plate and said right you are Freak. That's right no post on sunday What a wonderful thing. No post today, not one single letter." Harry had caught something out of his eye and looked outside as his uncle continued to rant. There in the cul de sacs of the neighbourhood was just filled with owls more than 100 of them. He smirked as he figured what was coming next. As he turned to watch what unfolds he was soon smiling as a one came out of the fireplace and smacked his Uncle right in the kisser. Then sure enough it seemed as if the entire house was shaking. Then again out of the fireplace what started as a trickle soon was becoming a river of letters. Aunt Petunia and Dudley were huddled in the corner freaking out like no tomorrow. Uncle Vernon was screaming almost to the point of crying it seemed. Harry quickly grabbed a random letter and tried to run for his cupboard Uncle Vernon who saw Harry run off soon got up and chased harry down. Letting all the while."Give me that Letter." Soon he caught up to Harry who had just opened the door and it was slammed shut by Uncle Vernon. Then the two where fighting over the single letter while more were pouring in from somewhere some up stairs. Then the board that had gotten screwed on had fell down and more poured in through the now unblocked mail slot. Uncle Vernon snapped and soon was screaming"THAT'S IT WE'RE GOING AWAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS PLACE! SOMEWHERE WHERE THEY CAN'T FIND US. THEN THIS FREAK WILL LEARN A LESSON OR TWO EVEN IF I KILL HIM." Dudley and Aunt Petunia where watching this and dudley said out loud."Daddy has gone mad hasn't he." Aunt Petunia was a bit worried her self. Since she knew if they had just read the letter the boy would be gone for almost 10 months so they wouldn't have to deal with this every day. Soon as possible the Dursley family and Harry were driving out of the area as fast as they could go. Harry watching out the back window. He smiled as he saw a Eurasian Eagle Owl following. Dudley was also watching and seemed to not see the owl who was only twenty feet behind the car. Harry then assumed the Owl was there to watch where they went and report back and was invisible to what the snakes called his family Muggles. After a day and half of driving they ended up near the Ocean and were ushered onto a boat with a tiny motor with all their stuff. and soon where making to what seemed to be a lighthouse that no longer works. Sure enough as they landed they rushed inside since a storm blew in as they landed. Soon as they were inside Harry was grabbed by the hair and thrown into fireplace area to make a fire. So he did as was expected and had a fire going in no time since he was a expert at it now. Harry had snapped out of his memories of the last 8 days of what has happened. He looked to the clock on the stand and saw it was only 11:57 on July 30, 1991 So he set out to make his birthday cake on the dirt floor. Soon as he was finished he looked back to the clock and saw it change to 12:00. He sighed and told himself."Make a wish Harry." and 'blew' out the candles. Soon as he ran out of air. A giant bam was heard on the door. As if the storm had knocked on the door itself. It caused both Harry and Dudley to scamper from the door. Sure enough a few more knocks to the door where heard. Dudley just went to the vacant wall to the door. Harry being a bit smarter hid behind the fireplace wall so not to be seen but could easily see everything. Aunt Petunia and Vernon came downstairs with Uncle Vernon holding onto what looked like a hunters 12 gauge shotgun. and whimpered out"Who's there." as if anyone could hear that outside with the storm. With a final knock the door fell off the hinges and soon was flat on the ground. A man who was gigantic was coming inside. He had to duck about half his height to get inside. When the man stood up he was at least 9 feet tall and 4 feet wide. He had thick black hair down his head and beard. Harry recognized the man and seemed to remember the name attached to it. "Hagrid". Was the only thing he thought of the name of the man. What was funny about the man was tiny Pink and white striped umbrella in his hand When the man stood up he looked around before saying to everyone." Sorry about that let me fix that." He soon leaned down and picked the door up and put it back in place. Making the storm once again back out side. Soon as Hagrid put the door back Uncle Vernon was soon shouting."Get out of here. You are trespassing and I will shoot you." All while he was talking Hagrid came up to him and grabbed the twin barrels of the gun bent them up with ease and told him."Dursley, dry up you great big prune." The gun went off and through the second floor. Making everyone jump. Soon Hagrid locked his eyes on Dudley and walked about six feet from him was only about one foot from where Harry was hiding. He looked to Dudley and said."It's been a while since I have seen you arry. Though your a ways along farther than I expected especially in the middle."He finished talking while pointing to his own belly. Dudley was on the verge of passing out before stammering out."I'-mm N-oo-tt Ha-rry." At which point summoning some courage to be seen. Harry stepped out into the light in which Hagrid stepped back to seem him better." I am Harry Potter." Hagrid just smiled, before saying like a alof." Well of course ya are." As if he didn't guess wrong the first time."I got something for ya. I am friad, I may of sat on it on sum point. But should taste the same anyways." He soon pulled a Package out from somewhere. Then handed it to harry and opened it up and was shocked to see a birthday cake inside it." Thank you sir." Hagrid who smiled and told Harry."I baked it me self words and all. It's not everyday a young lad turn a eleven now is it." Hagrid then sat down and turned to the dying fire place and soon pulled the umbrella out again pointed at it and suddenly two fire balls were sent into the dying fire and soon heat was giving off like it was a bonfire. Harry looked amazed filling the roll since he knew the spell. He looked around the dursley's all looked scared especially his Aunt and Uncle. Harry finally put the cake down and step up to Hagrid and asked him a question filling in the roll again since he remembers him and who he works for."Excuse me sir, but who are you?" Hagrid answered him but kept his attention on the fire."Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys, and grounds Keeper of Hogwarts. Yal know about Hogwarts now don't yer." Hagrid had stood up again at this time. Harry just shook his head with a smirk since he knew there would be a good show soon."Sorry sir but know never heard of Hogwarts before." Hagrid looked down and asked him."Harry aren't yer curious as to how yer parents learnd it all?" Which Harry shook his head no before saying."Learned what?" Hagrid leaned over and said."Yer a Wizard, arry." Harry widened his eyes before asking."I'm a what?"Hadrid simple say."A wizard and a thumping good one I wager." Harry to bury the Dursleys even more explained quickly."You have to mistaken I'm no wizard. I'm a freak cause there is no such thing as magic." Hagrid looked shock but dug in his coat and soon pulled out a Envelope like the others but this one said. Mr. Harry James Potter Floor by the Fire Island in Ocean Near United Kingdom Harry quickly opened the letter and soon began to read out loud to piss of the Dursley's."Dear Mr. Potter, we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." He was interrupted as Uncle Vernon came up to him and started rambling."He will not be going there we swear you. We swore when we took him in we would stop this rubbish." Harry glared at him and demanded."You knew, you knew all along and never told me." He finished with his glare aimed at his Aunt. Who kept her looks almost bossy but was a bit pale as his emerald eyes glowed a tiny bit in the dim light of the fire. She scoffed and told the truth."Knew of course we knew, how could we not. My perfect sister that she was. My mother and father were so proud when they found out. Their daughter was a witch. Me I saw her for what she really was a FREAK. Then she meet that Potter boy. When she had you I knew that you would be the same a FREAK. Then she had to go and get her self blown up." Harry who remembers the night but also remembers the story she use to tell him as she beat him. He figured Hagrid knew the true story as well."Blown up you told me that they died in a car crash." Hagrid who was listen was getting made almost in a yelling tone."A Car Crash" This caused everyone to look at him all but Dudley who went after the cake being the fatty he is. Meanwhile Hagrid went off again."A car crash Kill Lily and James Potter?" Aunt Petunia growled back."Don't say anything." Hagrid ignored her and started up again."That's an outrage. It's a scandal is what it is." Uncle Vernon said with a bit of Venom."He will not be going." Hagrid smirked and said."What and a great Muggle like yourself will stop him." Harry who still has to play stupid asks."Muggle? What's a Muggle?" Hagrid looked down and shrugged before saying to harry."Non- magical folk." He turned back to the Dursleys Before going off on a rant." His name was marked down to go since he was born! He will be going to the finest school for Witchcraft and Wizardry in the entire world! He also be under the best head master of the school as ever seen! Albus Dumbledore!" Who saying his name made him seem like the best thing in the world. Harry figured Hagrid would do anything for the man. Uncle Vernon spat back at the half Giant."I will not pay for him to learn from crackpot old fool teach him magic tricks."Harry could tell instantly that His Uncle had said the wrong thing to the man in front of him. Cause sure enough there was the umbrella in his face. Which he guessed hid the mans wand if he was allowed one. Hagrid said his next speech with pure venom in his voice. While almost poking the man with the umbrella."Do not Insult Albus Dumbledore in front of me if you want to live do yer understand." He then looked over hearing Dudley pigging out on Harry's cake and Zapped him in the ass. While Harry flicked his wrist quickly so no one noticed. It managed to finish the transformation. What was the transformation it was into a blue and white striped pig. This had cause the Dursley family to freak out as Dudley the pig was soon running everywhere. His Uncle and Aunt went to go catch him leaving Harry and Hagrid alone. Hagrid looked at the umbrella in shock since it has never done that before. Since he was never really a strong wizard when he was younger anyways. He looked to Harry and leaned down and Whispered."Can we please keep that to ourselves. I am not suppose to be able to do magic at all so let's keep that under our hats shall we."Harry was amazed since he spoke perfect english now instead of a mix with a accent. He simply nodded. While Whispering ack."Can we leave while they are confused I need my stuff for school." Hagrid looked at a tiny pocket watch then stating only for Harry."Oh, We are a bit behind schedule so we best be off." With that he turned away and headed to the door. Which he pulled down as if it was nothing which to him it wasn't. He turned back to harry and said over the storm. Which was now being heard through the open door."Unless of course you want to stay?" He tilted his head up and as if looking through the floor at the family up stairs. Before making his way comically through the door. Harry hissed quitely to Dredd.§Well Dredd my friend. Are you ready to become Part of the Magical world once again.§ Dredd made his way out of the Tattoo on his chest so his head was visible before responding since it makes it better to talk this way.§ About bloody time. Why didn't you run away like I told you too a week ago. Now Hurry up before Hagrid Leaves up behind." Being a bit worried that might happen Harry ran out the door. Only to grab the blanket that he kept all these years. The one he was left in on the doorstep in. He ran into the storm and saw Hagrid waiting on the bike he picked him up in. That was almost 10 years ago now. He ran to the otherside to see if the side by side was still there and got inside. He grabbed some goggles he saw on the side and put them on. Hagrid gave him a jacket that seemed to warm him up and keep him dry as they soon were flying through the storm. After about three minutes of hard flying there was a break as Hagrid broke away from the storm. Harry was looking over the edge and watched above him as the stars were visible and watched as there were a few shooting stars in the sky. He then looked down and was amazed by the fact they were near the height of what Helicopters flew at. He watched as the world around them was glowing from the lights and such. Never realizing how far they were from little Surrey. He had seen a map when he was in primary school and knew they were heading to London. He noticed Hagrid slowed down and was enjoying the weather now too. He looked to Harry and asked him." So Harry how are you enjoying your first way of transport by Magical means." Harry smiled before yelling back since his voice would get lost on the wind."It is amazing I wish I could do this everyday. Though How are the Non-mag not seeing us?" Hagrid was surprised by the different term for muggles. He was going to ask about that. But first told him the truth."The previous owner who lent me this bike put a 'Notice-me not Charm' on the bike. It makes Muggles not see us or the bike. Harry why do you call Muggles Non-Mag?" Harry was surprised he picked up on that. He explained it though." Well Mug is a different way of calling someone stupid. So calling non-Magical folks stupid. Is not really true since Humans in the world have come far in the time on the earth. Like we have been to the moon. Or the fact the U.S. of A built a Bomb that destroyed another city in seconds. Or by having a plane which can fly around the world in about 19 hours. So by calling them Muggles is not correct. A good description would be to called Non-Mag, well better than Muggle." This made Hagrid really think. Especially since he now knew what humans could do and was amazed. He figured Harry was right and silently agreed that the term Non-Mag was better. Though now he was quiet and figured he should focus on getting to London before he fell Asleep. Harry could see that Hagrid was in deep thought. He left him to that and decided it was only about 7 hours before he could get his supplies from where they needed to get them from. He first was looking around the bike and watched as the United Kingdom was sleeping. He pushed some Magic gently to his eyes and watched at the land which was dark get brighter. He noticed there was some areas they flew by that was covered in big domes of colors. He figured these were were places of magic or where magic people lived. Soon he was getting a bit tired since he was up at six am to make breakfast. Then they were driving off to get away from the Owls and magic world from finding them. A plan that never worked at all it seemed, which he was happy about. Harry was soon asleep in the side by side. Not realizing that tomorrow he would be changing many people's plans for him. Though as he dreamed he was shaking he was dreaming of a women screaming and a bright green flash. Then a second one headed his way as he looked down the length of a white wand with a red gem. He never remembers the dream when he wakes up. Soon in about five hours they would be in london on their way to the magical world.
A bump of the bike landing on a stretch of cobblestone road soon woke up Harry. Hagrid soon pulled the bike over and got off the bike and Harry soon followed. Soon as the two where off the bike it shrunk. Hagrid picked up the bike but held it for a second before passing it to Harry. Who looked down right confused by the action. Hagrid shrugged before explaining."The bike was from a friends of your parents sure he betrayed them. As I see it, since none of them are here to claim the bike. I figured in no harm giving it to you since you would of gotten by now anyways." Harry was curious at the betrayed comment but figured that might get answered later. He soon was pulling out the letter he kept in his pocket. He read the full thing Seeing the list of what was needed for a first year student at Hogwarts. First-year students will require: Uniform Three Sets of Plain Work Robes (Black) One Plain Pointed Hat (Black) for day wear One Pair of Protective Gloves (dragon hide or similar) One Winter Cloak (Black, silver fastenings) Please note that all student's clothes should carry name-tags at all times. Books The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 1 by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration by Emeric Switch One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Scamander The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble Other Equipment 1 Wand 1 Cauldron (pewter, standard size 2) 1 set of glass or crystal phials 1 telescope 1 set of brass scales Students may also bring an Owl, a Cat or a Toad. Or any Familiars bonded to them. PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS. Harry was right down confused as to where by everything he needed or where to get the money to by such supplies. He though soon figured that Hagrid would take him somewhere that he could get everything. So he shrugged and put his paper back in pocket. Hagrid was soon leading him up to a solid black building that had the sign above it called the Leaky Cauldron. Once again Hagrid had to duck into the building. As they entered the building Harry had to cough it seemed to be filled with smoke. And it bugged his eyes and nose. All the while making his throat burn as it went down. Everyone in the building seemed to stop while they came in. Some sure went back to their business but others were focused on the pair since it was weird seeing Hagrid with anyone besides other Professors. Now he seemed to be helping the first years who were new to the world of magic. The bartender seemed to be the loudest." Welcome back Hagrid and welcome young man. Are you here for a drink before you head shopping Hagrid." He made a motion to not say much it seemed to Hagrid and looked at Harry as he said it. Harry figured that the man knew who he was and was concerned about what would happen if he was found out. Hagrid seemed to get the message right as he was about to talk. And calmly said." Not this time Tom, maybe for lunch or something. I have to help this young man find his new stuff for the first year at Hogwarts. Mr. Ebensburg here get ready." Hagrid and Harry soon slipped out a door on the far wall and where at a wall of brick. Hagrid touched six bricks in a special order and soon the wall split apart. Sure enough to Harry's surprise an entire street or streets were there in front of them."Welcome Harry to Diagon alley Wizarding market of London." As they walked down the street Harry looked at every building and person memorizing faces for later. He was also keeping a ear on what Hagrid was saying what each store did and sold. He soon noticed they were walking up to a giant white building in which the entire building seem to be lopsided or twisting much like the rest of alley but more extreme. Hagrid soon told him."Welcome to Gringotts banks. The second safest place in the wizarding world. Second only to Hogwarts, of course. Before we go anywhere we need you to get some money and here is the place to do it." Harry simply shrugged and soon walked into the bank with him. He noticed a family at seemed really out of place and a girl with wild but beautiful brown hair. She seemed to be studying the bank just like he was. Her parents it seemed to be transferring some money into some coins. Which it seemed to hairry were called Galleons for the gold ones. Sickles for the silver and Knutz for the bronze or brass looking ones. It seemed for every 100 Knutz is a Sickle and every 100 Sickle was a Galleon. Harry heard the goblin call them the grangers and committed them all to memory for some reason Hagrid leaned down and whispered in his ear as quietly as he could."These are goblins Harry. Cleaver as they come, not the most friendliest of creatures though". He and Hagrid went over to a Goblin that wasn't busy and Hagrid was about to interupted what he was doing when he heard the goblin counting and looked at them. Harry grabbed Hagrids hand to stop him after reading his name tag. The goblin finished his counting before looking at them. Harry smiled and told the goblin." There was 481 rubies sir." The goblin nodded wrote it down while dumping them in a bag. Before pulling out another one and soon went back to counting. Sure enough at the end the goblin looked to Harry who smiled and told him."There was 709 emeralds sir Boltsnapper." The Goblin was surprised but moved the emeralds in to the bag the rubies now held. Then opened one more and dumped them once again. Blotsnapper counted them and looked to Harry. Harry almost laughed and told him."Sir Blotsnapper, You have just counted 2010 diamonds. With the 781 rubies and 709 emeralds. You have a total of 3200 gems there." The goblin was impressed that someone counted faster than they do. He turned to a shadow behind him and nodded before stepping away while saying."Someone who better equipped to help you Mr. Potter will be here soon. I must be going now please wait for someone." Harry smiled and said in english remember in the warning on the door."May your gold flourish and your enemies blood pour like molten gold." This seemed to impress the goblin who walked away with a smile to the shadow. Suddenly out of the Shadow a new goblin who seemed to be extremely important as the others around bowed their heads before continuing their tasks. The goblin came forward and sat down before looking at Harry. He asked in simple english."Why did you not just ask your question when you say teller Boltsnapper? Or how you gave him the proper fare well to him when new to the world?" Harry smiled before explaining."I figured his task was important, while we have all the time in the world. I figured we could wait. Then he looked at me and since I was able to count the rubies I gave him the answer he was looking for. This happened all three times, once again was not worried for time MAster goblin. As for the the fare well, I figured not a lot of wizards or humans see you as equal and that is a dumb Idea in my personal opinion since your race is in charge of keeping our money safe and for even helping wizarding community you should be respected not treated as a lower beings. Such is the reason I treated him like how I wanted to be treated by a fellow equal." Hagrid and the goblins in ear shot where impressed and quiet surprised that here was a wizard that thought of them as equal or maybe better. The goblin smiled and showed a row of sharp teeth. Before saying with a bit of chuckle."Now that it is all explained. How may we at Gringotts help you today?" Hagrid was about to answer but harry again beat him too it."I would like to see my family accountant. Since I am rejoining the world I figure me and whoever is in charge would need to talk. While we do that Hagrid can get whatever he needs to." The goblin smiled and bowed before looking to Hagrid."Well Rubeus Hagrid how may we at Gringotts help you? While your young friend Harry here meets with his account manager." Hagrid was a bit shocked since harry was only supposed to see his trust vault not everything else. He shrugged before pulling out a letter and telling him. I have permission from Dumbledore to pull. You-Know-What out of Vault, You-Know-What." The goblin frowned, he hated Dumbledore. Actually most of the goblins did hate the man to their cores. He snapped his fingers and a smaller goblin appeared." GripHook here will take you there. Please follow him Mr. Hagrid. It seems me and Mr. Potter have other business to discuss." As Hagrid Left he looked back at Harry who smiled and nodded Before turning back to the goblin in front of him and to go gather something from the Vaults. After Hagrid left Harry turned to the Goblin in front of him and listened as he cursed about Dumbledore's Meddling in things he shouldn't be meddling in."Master Goblin I do not mean to be rude or interrupting you cursing the man, but may we please go meet my account Manager." The Goblin smiled after realizing he understood Gobbledegook as if it was english. He came around front and soon motioned for Harry to follow him to a different room. They son came up to some giant silver doors that held the same poem as the main doors did followed by a goblins name. 'Gringotts Manager BleedDirk the 3rd.' The goblin opened the door and soon walked over to the big desk and sat on the chair behind the desk and looked at Harry. The goblin introduced himself finally." Hello Harry James Potter, My name is BleedDirk the 3rd. I am the account Manager for the Potter Family. May your Vaults flow and your Businesses flourish. I am surprised to see you here so soon but I guess now is better than ever." Harry was surprised to the core the goblin was his account Manager but then again maybe the other goblin was a test to see if he true or kind or something along the lines. Harry spoke with respect."May your gold pile high and your enemies wither in fear." The Goblin offered a hand to Harry in which he shook without a BleedDirk spoke once again." Now what it is it you would like to do today Mr. Potter" Harry thought for a second before remembering what Dredd had told harry about lines in the wizarding world and wills of his parents if they had one."Well there is three things. First I would like to claim any houses I am heir too. While unsealing and read my parents will if they have one. While looking at all fiances of my family or families if there is any." BleedDirk was surprised that Harry wanted to see and do all that. It could be done of course but might reveal more things than necessary. He soon snapped his finger and a long box about a foot in length, width and depth soon appeared. He ran a finger down it and soon there was a solid white paper and a dirk that was made of a metal Harry couldn't identify at all. BleedDirk smiled before explaining."What you requested requires you to cut the palm of your hand and then let the blood fall to the paper. Now don't worry the cut will heal after enough blood is on the paper. Now first it remove any charms on you already. Next will make you an adult in the eyes of the wizarding world. Now you're up unless your changing your mind of course?" He said the last bit with a goblin smirk to the young boy. Harry saw this as a challenge and was not ready to back down. He saw a few cons to what was about to happen but they were lower than the pros to it all. He grabbed the Dirk and soon ran the blade along his hand. He put the blade back and held his hand over the paper and watched as the blood flowed down onto the paper. Soon after about 31 drops feel onto the paper. The blood stopped flowing and the paper started to glow. Harry also saw a bunch of glowing come from his body in places one was his chest and the other his stomach. He looked to the goblin. Who was amazed at what he was reading by the looks of it. Harry had to ask."Is there something wrong Master BleedDirk?" BleedDirk looked up after he had finished reading the paper and told him simply."I am actually shocked by your bloodlines is all. I am for the first time in my life under qualified to be your account Manager. I am going to have to call in the goblin King since your bloodline only he can deal with. His name is Olvandi the 6th grandson of Gringotts. He will be here shortly. I will also be here since I am the Manager of the Potter vaults. In the meanwhile I can give you the will of your parents. Which was sealed by Albus to many names Dumbledore the meddler." The goblin disappeared for a while but not before handing the will to Harry. While Harry read while the goblin was gone. This is the final will and testament Of James Charlus Potter and Lily Rose Potter nee Evans 'We of sound mind, body and Spirit claim this as our final will and Testament If James is no longer on the earth, while Lily survives him, he leaves the contents of this will to her until their son, Harry James Potter is of Age If Lily Rose Potter nee Evans is no longer of this earth, at the time of this Reading, we leave the items as following To Sirius Black: We leave the beach house on the Coast of France. You know the one you Padfoot. To Remus Lupin: we leave you will 1,000,000 million galleons so that you buy a proper wardrobe and a house to where you can change our friendly Moony. There was a few others that he read but since he read them he will remember them. He saw something about due to alliances and other drob. The last one made him chuckle for a while though. To Albus To-Many-Names-Dumbledore the Meddler: We leave you with this. 1 single Kuntz and a restraining order against harry by magic you can not be within 100 hundred feet of him If you are you will be arrested and charged with breaking the claus. Soon as harry read that a white light went out and hit him and then split into two and shot off. To where he doesn't know yet but will find out. Harry decided to Keep reading though. When Harry reaches the age of 11 he is to be give the title of Lord Potter, the Ancient and Noble House of Potter. He will be give the Inheritance test to see what other titles he can claim. He will become emancipated on receiving his title . If we are no longer on this earth Harry, will live with these Guardians as official and Magical guardians. Sirius Black: Godfather by the right of,' Godfather Ritual'. Family friend and ally Andromeda and Theodore Tonks: Family friend and allies Kastor and Athena Greengrass By rights of 'Godmother Ritual' Family friends and Allies Frank and Alice Longbottoms:Family friends and allies Remus Lupin: Family friends and ally BY NO MEANS IS HARRY SUPPOSE TO BE RAISED BY VERNON DURSLEY AND PETUNIA DURSLEY NEE EVANS Harry was right down pissed he was never supposed to be at that hell hole for the years he was there. The rituals were confusing but he would have to as BleedDirk and Olvandi about them. He saw some more stuff there for him to read Properties given when Harry is emancipated Godric's Hollow Potter Manner- Northampton- England Beach Vacation House-Potters Cove-Australia #4 Privet Drive- Little Whinging-Surrey Harry was surprised by the fact he owned his Aunt's and Uncle's House and was forced to live like a slave. He finished reading the Last four lines of the will By signing this Last Will and Testament, We vow everything said and written is the truth James Charlus Potter and Lily Rose Potter Nee Evans Witness: Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore Gringotts Official Witness: Olvandi the 6th Goblin Leader of the Nations. Harry was now right down angry. More angry than he has ever been in such a long time. Here he was suppose to be living with these other witches and Wizards and Dumbledore had ineffectively kidnapped him. Oh there was going to be hell when he was done with this meeting. Harry didn't notice in his fit of anger that the two goblins had come in the room and were watching his fit of anger. The magic swirling around Harry was amazing they have never seen so much in a accidental use before. He was glowing a bright green and yellow and the winds where close to tearing the room apart. BleedDirk yelled at Harry."Harry Potter Please stop you will destroy the bank if you continue. We as the Goblin Nation understand your anger and will work to get it fix now please stop the Goblin King is here to see you." This was barely heard but Harry soon was calming down and the magic soon disappeared as soon as it came. Which even to goblins who are warriors they knew they found a leader in the 11 year old boy one who will either be the savior of the magical world or the destroyer. They will stand by him as their families always have though. The goblin king Olvandi was the one who strode forward first."Lord Potter, I am Olvandi the leader of the goblin Nations. I want to extend my hand to you as a friend. Your enemies will be ours. As was in the past we stand by your family now till their is peace." Harry who was recovering from his anger was shocked. He wa a friend of the Goblin Nation. How was that even possible he has only been in the bank for a total of maybe a half hour. He looked to the leader and bowed his head and shook his hand as he greeted him."Your majesty I hope your gold piles extend to the sky and the blood of your enemies flow like rivers." Harry never realized they were speaking in Gobbledegook as if it was second nature. Olvandi was amazed by the how well the boy spoke smiled showing his teeth which some had gold covering them.. He motioned back to the seat and as Harry sat in the seat he spoke again."Well Lord Potter Bank Manager BleedDirk here had come to get me due to what your Inertance test revealed. The results raised many questions but also some answers as well." Harry was confused and asked the question Olvandi was waiting for."First before we continue please call me Harry I maybe a Lord But we are friends here or I hope we are. Titles are meaningless between friends. Also What are your concerns about the lordships you have found?" Olvandi smiled and just waved his hand."As we are on a friendly basis Harry please call me Olvandi and BleedDrik by our names. What we found is that you are the head of not one but actually ten houses Noble and most Ancient houses. While being the heir of one more. The houses are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, Slytherin which are the houses that created Hogwarts. Pervell, Potter, Lefay, Dracul, Pendragon and Evans. While you are the heir of the House of Black. Along with all the properties and riches that some with such houses." He let those names sink into Harry's mind. He watched as Harry turned to a pale white as if he became a ghost. Harry was in shock from what he heard he was the Lord of Hogwarts and 6 other house including his own. He paused though on Black house since he was curious about how he was the Heir to that house. He swallowed a big gulp before asking a few questions."So wait I am the Lord of Hogwarts? Also Pendragon isn't that King Arthur of Camelot? How is my mother's line a Noble and Ancient house? Who are the Pervell and Dracul lines and isn't Sirius Black the head of the Black House." Olvandi was amazed That Harry only asked about them and Not about the Dark witch Morgana Le-fey. He explained as best as he could guess of how they became into one person."Well from what we can tell is That Morgana had two children. One would later become Salazar Slytherin. The other became his counterpart In Godric Gryffindor. They both Married the other founds Rowena Ravenclaw and Helga Hufflepuff. After they built the school it is believed that Salazar left the school and roamed the world. We figure that is false. We figure his and Helga Hufflepuff's children became the three Pervell's in the legend of the Beetle and the Bard." He paused to gather his breath before continuing. "Now the the first Pervell man before the event was actually later became the Dracul line as well due to him contracting vampirism. Which makes you the first human born of the line in the world. The next brother soon became the Evans who was a line filled with Squib. Or in better terms a magical person with very little magic to the point of being a muggle." Harry interrupted him quickly. Please Olvandi please refer to them as No-mag since muggles is a racist term. I despise the way the wizard world is ran and allows such disgrace in it." Olvandi was surprised but nodded."Sorry I mean to say they became No-mag. Now the last brother the wisest of the story his line later became the potters. So there is the connection to the families in a sense for you now. For the Pendragon line it is very simple who do you think was the father of Salazar and Godric? Yes it was actually Arthur Pendragon eventually fell from grace and slept with his half sister. The two were later born and yes they were twins. Yet also very different from the other. Unlike those Weasley boys you will meet in school in a months time." He paused and chuckled at his private joke. He soon was continuing. "The Black Heir is a bit more complicated it seems. Do you know how you received the scar on your head?" The goblin asked since it might help explain things about paled again and nodded before explaining."I have a photographic memory and have perfect recall as well. I remember seeing my mother take a green spell to the back as she protected me. Then looking down a bone white wand before a flash of green was all I saw. I heard a scream from the man who tried to kill me and then I blacked out for a while." The goblins were amazed even with that kind of memory the brain would try to block the traumatic experience especially at a young age of a year and three months old. Olvandi decided to continue the tale."Well as you read in your Parents Will. your Godfather is Sirius Black. Who has been in the Magical prison of magical Britain. It is called Azkaban, a dark and hopeless place. He was sent there for the murder of your parents and the murder of another friend name Peter Pettigrew him and 12 No-mag's all that was left of Peter was his left pinky finger. So why only a finger if he was killed not more of him. The reasons people think he betrayed your family is because they were in hiding from a dark wizard named Voldemort. He was supposedly to be the secret keeper as to where they were hiding. Though we as the goblin race feel this is wrong for a few reasons." He held three of his fingers before continuing. "One: he had taken the Godfather ritual and if he had betrayed your parents then there is no way he would still be alive since it would kill him for betraying you or them. Since that is a oath on his magic and life. Two: He was actually never given a trail for the crimes he so called committed. So in our standing point he is still Lord Black. Since he is the last of males and the oldest of the current family. So until the ministry has proof of him committing the crimes. Three: He made you his Heir of the house of Black. That also shows he sees you as his family. Family enough to see you as worthy of being the new head of the Family once he passes on." Harry was using all the memories of the lawyer books he had read from his uncle when he didn't notice and soon came up with a plan. He voiced it very quickly." Is there any way to present my parents will to someone in the Ministry? Someone who is incharge of the law enforcement or something that? Who would be able to gather evidence of him being set up for these crimes? There has to be a way to get him free since he is innocent as we are both thinking." Both the goblins were surprised that Harry would want to act on this so fast. They were sure he would want to think about it for a while. They had noticed that the boy was smaller than most 11 year olds so maybe something at where he was staying was the reason. Ovandi looked to BleedDirk, who understood completely since he was thinking the same thing as he leader. He left the room very quickly for who knows what but will be found out looked to the boy and smiled before nodding and answering his questions."Yes there is someone we can call. Her name is Amelia Bones."
Harry was curious as to who the witch was. Though since the Goblins mentioned her by name meant she was some one for justice. Not someone who would let this slide under the rug so to speak. Harry was curious as to why her exactly and not any others."Why would you recommend her for this job? I am not questioning your judgement it is just a curiosity. Also where did BleedDirk disappear to? I saw the look you shared." Olvandi was amazed by the awareness the boy had. He smiled before telling the truth." he went to do three things with my permission. The first was to get the Ledgers for all the accounts you now own while the powers that may come with the lines since the results should be done by now. The other was to summon Amelia Bones who is the Head of the DMLE or Department of Magical Law Enforcement. The final thing was to see if there was any contract to your name." Now Harry was confused by the last thing Olvandi had said."What do you mean contracts?" Olvandi could see the magic building up in the boy first behind his eyes and almost flinched since they were the color of the killing spell."Most of the Noble and Ancient families have signed betrothal contracts. In a simple term is a marriage contract. Mostly for their kids or for future generation. Like the Evans only has ever had females. That was till you were born. Now please calm down my young friend. You are going to start tearing my bank apart if you do that again. I mean by letting your magic run wild considering you don't even have a wand yet and are already stronger than most adult wizards." Harry closed his eyes and sent his emotions of rage and anger to the back of his mind. He soon was calm and just in timed it seemed as BleedDirk was walking back in the room who looked around as if he could sense the magic that was unleashed again and shivered. Harry noticed he had a very thick portfolio in his hand along with two envelopes. Which made Harry shudder since he knew there was at least two people who he would have to marry. Harry felt a nudge in his shirt and realized he forgot about Dredd all this time. He looked to the goblins and asked."May my familiar who's name is Dredd join us he is tired of being attached to me for so long." The goblins were a bit confused but were ready for anything or so they thought. They nodded their permission and harry hissed and soon a snake was on the desk. The two Goblins jumped a bit when they realized what kind of snake it was. Then Since they respect the Language of Parseltongues. The two calmed down before and Olvandi soon was laughing and exclaiming."Oh Lord Potter, you picked the perfect name for that snake. Let me guess why, he is their judge, jury and executioner?" Harry and Dredd both nodded and both had a smile well hard to tell with Dredd. BleedDirk looked at the snake and had to ask for their weapon reasons."Harry and Dredd I have a favor to ask of you. May I take a bit of your venom to lace in our weapons? I will also give you a vial just in case you need to use it for some reason. The Fleur-de-Lance has venom almost as venomous as a Basilisk so you see why I am asking?" Dredd looked to Harry who shrugged it was his choice after all. Dredd nodded to the goblin two presented him a big Vial with a thick rubber on the top the bottom split into two vials. The snake lunged like a expert and soon both vials were filled to the brim in one strike. The goblins and Harry were amazed by how much venom he just used for this. BleedDirk soon were sealing the two vials and one passed to Harry. He left it on the table for now and return his gaze to the portfolio and the envelopes. Olvandi now conducted the business at hand. He presented the items to him before snapping his fingers and now 11 boxes now in front of him with the tops open. They were all the Head of house rings except for the one for Black that one was the Heir ring. Harry sighed before looking at Olvandi for instruction."Place all the rings but the Heir ring on left index finger starting with the Le-fey ring. The Heir ring will go on your right index finger." After Harry finished doing so in almost perfect order of what the bloodlines go there was a flash of white of of all the rings. They also mad Harry into who he was suppose to be so he had changed a bit he grew to a bit bigger than a normal 11 year old. His body took on a more pale look his eyes were now glowing even a bright shade of green and a sword was soon attached to his hip one the Goblins recognized it was the sword Excalibur. The only sword that the goblins made and never wanted to have returned to them which is the right they had with the other blades and weapons. Sure enough the rings accepted him as head of houses even the Black ring accepted him as Heir. The goblins looked Impressed since they haven't seen such as one person be accepted by that many houses at the same time They knew though that anyone watching the boy would soon be searching for answers and they didn't know how right they were. Meanwhile in a Castle in Scotland Albus Percival Wulfric Brain Dumbledore was sitting in his office with a ginger Haired plump lady. This women was Mrs. Weasley nee Prewett The mother of 7 children and a true follower of the leader of the light ever since she was a student at Hogwarts her self. She and him were just about sign the Marriage contract between Her daughter and one of Harry James Potter. Just as Molly finished signing her name the paper exploded into a ball of fire. destroying the contract in seconds. Both were stunned by what just happened. Then every Instrument in the office that was keyed into Harry Potter where soon going Haywire before exploding in some way. The two were soon hiding behind some shields hat were thrown up by Dumbledore. Though not before some fire and metal had hit them giving them some minor cuts and burns. After the explosions and shrapnel were done flying around. Dumbledore soon was concerned since it meant something broke all the traces and spells put on Harry. That or someone took control of him and his guardianship. Molly was right down confused. she turned to Dumbledore before almost yelling at him."What the Bloody hell just happened? Why was the contract destroyed like so? Also why did all your instruments that monitored Harry just break and almost kill us? What is going on here Albus?" Albus was not quiet sure himself but he figured something happened to Hagrid and Harry in Diagon alley or along the way. He looked to the device that tracked Hagrid and noticed it was working still and he was waiting outside Gringotts. This worried him so he summoned the man back with a port-key in his umbrella he placed there when he went to get Harry. Sure enough the half-giant was in the room looking confused for a second till he saw the damage. Yet before he could even ask Dumbledore was soon in his face asking a bunch of questions."Where is Harry potter? Why was he not with you when I looked? What is he doing now? Answer me for Bloody sakes Hagrid!" Hagrid was shocked by the questions. He answered as best he could."Well Dumbledore, sir. Harry and me where in Gringotts when 'arry had asked about his family accounts. I don't know how he knew about them, but he did. Anyways he also was able to give a proper fair well to a goblin on a first meeting with one as well. He also waited till the goblin was finished his task and even helped in the task that is how he caught the attention of BleedDirk. He was still inside when I was waiting outside. Oh before I forget here is You-Know-What Sir. Can you send me back I shud be there when 'arry gets out so he doesn't get lost or as such." Albus was shocked and so was molly they shared a look before Albus spoke."I will be joining you as well. I think it is time I also met Mr. Potter. Also as his magic Guardian I should be there with any meeting dealing with fiances." Hagrid looked worried before saying something before they left."He was being lead away by a goblin Named BleedDirk, GripHook told me who the goblin was as we traveled to the vault that was held in." Albus looked almost angry by what he heard and said quickly." All the more reason for us to go there now. He grabbed them both and soon they disappeared in a swirl of bodies. While appearing in front of Gringotts Molly took her leave of them and headed back to her home so her husband would not thing anything was amiss. Since he didn't know about the contract. Albus soon walked into the bank with Hagrid waiting outside. Soon as Albus reached the a teller. He asked the goblin who was busy counting some rubies. He strode up and asked the goblin."Might I know where to find Harry Potter? He is here with out his Magical Guardian and as such I am worried about the boy." The goblin who was not a fan of Dumbledore much like most of the bank. Snarled at him with Venom in his voice."If you were his Magical guardian why were you not here earlier when he needed you. He is in a meeting right now and is not to be disturbed. Now please wait in the waiting area and when his business is done you will be informed. Now please leave me in peace I have no business with meddlers." Dumbledore did not notice a goblin run out of the room and head to the room Harry was in to let him have a warning about who was waiting for him in the bank and was asking questions. He also didn't notice that almost fifty more goblins come into the room ready to subdue the leader of the light if he acted out of place or attacked a friend of the nation. With Harry and the goblins they just finished going over the contracts and explaining how the one contract for the Evans was actually with a new family it seemed. It was for the Granger family. Which actually was once a Pureblood family that killed out its magic and soon became a non-magical family. The other contract was for The oldest daughter of the Greengrass family. The name magically updated to Daphne Lily Greengrass who was born the eve of December 22, 1980. She wasn't even born yet and there was a contract. Harry was surprised by the fact that she had his mothers name as her middle name. BleedDirk informed him that it was due to her godmother. Which was his mother of all people. A bell went off and soon a new envelope appeared on the table but had a big red VOID across it. Everyone was curious and Harry opened it and after a quick reading since he read at almost 300 words per-minute. He threw it across the table and started mumbling."That meddling old bastard, who does he think he is trying to make my family lose everything just to marry the women's daughter." BleedDirk and Olvandi looked at the contract and saw the date and who organized the contract. They realized if Harry was about three minutes later in putting on the rings he would of been in three contracts. Mind you the money would really matter since his other vaults are way more wealthy than the potter one except maybe the Black and Evans. Then a not appeared in front of Olvandi. It was written to him and all it said was. ' The old Meddler is here looking for Lord Potter. Also Amelia Bones is waiting in the next office for you and Lord Potter'. Now the Goblins were a bit more angry realizing that the man had figured out Harry was here and what he was doing here at the bank. Olvandi turned to Harry to let him know whats going on."Harry my friend I am afraid this is where our business must end. I have a old Meddler in my bank who needs to be reminded of his place. While we deal with that BleedDirk will take you next door. There waiting in the office is Amelia Bones. present her with will and what we have discovered including this void contract. She will be able to help you in what you need to do." Harry nodded in understanding and Stood before offering his hand and saying."May your gold flourish and your enemies blood pour like molten gold. My new brother and Friend of my Families." This surprised the goblins since not since Morgana and her family. Has there been such a offer to the nation sure friends not family." Olvandi grabbed Harry's fore arm and replied in thick Gobbledegook."Fill the Skulls of your enemies with gold and enjoy prosperity my brother." The Party soon split ways at the door. Thankful that Dumbledore could not see them from where he was. Harry headed to the door just only ten feet from where the one he just came out of and soon was ushered inside by BleedDirk. Harry soon saw a women standing there in what must be Amelia Bones. She was a tall witch wearing complete midnight blue robes. There was a badge on her outfit that said DMLE on it. She was someone he could see liking. Due to her hard looking face and yet there was a softness in her eyes when she laid her eyes on Harry. Harry walked up and asked her." Are you Amelia Bones? The head of the DMLE?" When the witch nodded he smiled before saying."Good now May I call you Amelia, I have Evidence from the Will of my Parents that Prove my GODFATHER Sirius Orion Black is Innocent of all charges placed on him. Also Why was the man not given a trial when sure fire death eaters had. Now I will present the evidence if you would like as is my right as Lord Potter and Ally to the Black family." Amelia smiled then chuckled before telling him while motioning for the boy to sit at the table present to them for this meeting."Well you aren't one for pleasantries are you Lord Potter. I guess it is right down to business them. So please show me this evidence as well is your right as a Noble and Ancient house." She turned to the goblin that followed him in and asked him a question." BleedDirk correct,?" A nod and she continued." Where you at the will signing or the opening." BleedDirk shrugged before answering in a bored tone but what she knew was the truth."I was not there for the signing of the will. That honor fell to Olvandi the Leader of the Goblin Nation and now Friend and brother to Lord potter here. I was here for the opening of the will and can say the will was sealed in our files and not touched since penned. Till today that is when Lord Potter-Le-Fey opened it." Amelia gasped and looked to Harry and looked as all the house rings soon appeared on his hand and the Heir of Black ring was on his other hand. Seeing that many family rings on one person was unheard of. She nodded and saw that Harry was read and present the will to her. She did take her time and read the will not once, not twice but four times. Just to make sure she was seeing what she read. She looked to Harry and pulled out her wand. Which caused both Harry and BleedDirk to almost attack. As she felt a goblin blade on her neck. She raised her hands and told them both."I am only doing to cast one spell. A Patronus to get Sirius Orion Black moved to St. Mungo's to try and repair the damage from the dementors. I swear as a Auror and a Bones." The goblin blade moved away just far enough just in case she still did try something. Sure enough her spell which was turned into a sparrow of some kind shot away to where ever. She turned to Harry and said in a loud voice." I Amelia Bones Head Of the DMLE declare Sirius Black Innocent of all charges and to be acquitted of all charges and welcomed back into the Wizardry world as a Free man, So Mote Be it." A flash was signalling that her command was taken as true and that Sirius was now a free man. Harry sighed a happy relief to himself and nodded to BleedDirk. Who by now sheathed his blade and soon conjured up some food and refreshments for the two. While they discussed the rest of the business that need to finish up with what happened in the office. Meanwhile In the bank Olvandi was soon making his way to where Dumbledore was sitting waiting for Harry to come out. He slipped into a office and got his battle gear. He was about to show the meddler who was in charge in the banks. He looked at the man with a glare that would even make Voldemort Shudder. Which after a second of not seeing it, Dumbledore did and it wasn't even a second before he shuddered as well. Maybe because the glare or maybe because the Armor looked to be covered in blood of humans. Dumbledore soon stood up and looked to the goblin King and said in simple English."Ah, how may I help you master goblin? May I ask if you are coming out here for war. This is a peaceful time there is no need for this." A goblin who was holding a banner of Gringotts behind Olvandi shouted."HOW DARE YOU SPEAK SO TO OUR KING!.! THIS IS OLVANDI THE 6TH!.! DECEDENT OF THE ORIGINAL GRINGOTTS KING RAGNAROK!.!" Olvandi held a hand up and the goblin was now quiet. Olvandi soon spoke with venom to the man in front of him." You dare question me of things when you have tried to do? You have betrayed a friend and family of the Goblin Nation. I am very well close to declaring war on you and your line Albus the Meddler of the Light. I have only one message for you today. You have one hour to clear out your vault. You are no longer welcome in Gringotts. If you step in the any branch ever again. My Goblins have orders to kill you on sight. Your hour starts now." Olvandi and the rest move aside and Albus being smart rushed inside and kept his head down as every goblin was curing him in their language. As Albus was in his Vault Olvandi motioned over one of his chiefs. He whispered in his ear an order that would never be ignored."Go into the alley with over two hundred of your best warriors. Harry will be leaving in a while and hide through out the alley. Protect him from anyone who would do him harm. Also make sure that Albus Dumbledore gets no where near him. Have four of the Shadow Legion around Harry at all times. He has offered me the title of brother and family and I will defend him as such is that understood. ShadeFang?" The goblin chief was shocked by what a wizard had done to the goblin king not since his ancestor had this happened. He soon nodded and responded on his knee."My lord this shall be done I will be in the group of the Legion and will protect him with my life I swear to you my King." Olvandi nodded and soon walked back into the bank and soon headed towards his office he hated his armor and wanted to be out of it as soon as possible. He saw that there was a note from BleedDirk that Harry and Amelia had concluded their business and now were just talking about the Wizardry world since there will be some big changes for the young lord coming up.
Harry and Amelia finished their business after the hour that was the time limit for Albus to come and clean out his vault. BleedDirk let Harry know this since Harry was weary of the man. He explained exactly why to Amelia who was also turning a bit red from her own anger towards the man. She has had problems with the man since she became the head of DMLE. He was always trying to cut her budget since it was a time of peace so there was not as big of need for Auror's sine there is no dark wizard or such things as of right now. She pulled out a few Crystals for Harry to have just in case. These Crystals were emergency Becons to her Office. He would break one if there was a Situation in which she and her forces would be needed in. Harry looked at a clock on the wall and saw it was already near noon. He was thankful that the goblins had provided food for the two while they talked. He was hungry for the knowledge in the folder, and was curious as to what the folder had said bout his holdings and such. He now knew that the Potter family was one of the oldest houses known to the Magical world due to heritage and what the goblins had told him. Amelia knew she had to get back to work and fill the paperwork about Sirius Black anyways since there will always was paper work. She took her leave as she could see Harry was curious about his families holdings. She figured though before she would leave she had to do something. She pulled her wand out and said loudly enough to be heard again." As my role as Current Head of the Bones Family. I offer my Family as a Ally to the Harry James Potter-Le-Fey and any other name he holds. His enemies will be mine. My wand will be his sword and shield. We will stand by his side till the end of time. I swear on my magic and life I am speaking the truth. So mote be it." Harry was surprised but nodded to her and said in a calm tone."I, Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon and Evans. Accept your Oath and offer my own. I swear your enemies and allies are mine as well. I will become the shield in the time of need and the wand by your side forever. Let the magic in my body and in the world witness my oath and accept it as the truth. So mote be it." A gold light came from both Harry and Amelia as they swore and accepted the Oath. Then a dark blue light rose from the earth it grabbed the two and raised the two as the magic of the world also accepted their oaths as well. This has never happened in the history of the world. Soon as the two were brought down from the magic Amelia looked at harry confused but had a theory that the magic that was in the world had actually heard harry and obeyed him of his oath. She noticed he had lost his glasses and seemed to not be needing them anymore. She also noticed his eyes were even more green than before they still were Lily's but not at the same time. She nodded to him and soon walked away from the room to do her job. Harry sat back down not noticing he didn't have his glasses on and soon was opening the folder he has been wanting to look at since he saw it. He opened the folder and saw that the first page was of the Potter fortune and holdings. Potter Vault number 6:Security is protected by wards creatures and spells. Value of Vault: 1,759,397,452 Galleons, Sickles and Knutz with a 1% of Value to Gringotts as agreed Many weapon,books and tomes, artifacts and portraits of the family members Investments and businesses: Magical first then Muggle By the Last Head of the Family James Charlus Potter and Lily Rose Potter Nee Evans Daily Prophet-35% wizardry Newspaper Quibbler-30% Newspaper as well Ollivanders wands-75% wand shop Honeyduke's Hogsmeade-45% Joke shop Florean Fortescue Ice Cream Parlor-65% Ice cream store (Lily's favorite) Dell Computers-40% TESCO-50% Service Provider of Britain Grunnings-90% Microsoft-45% Grangers Dentistry-33% Harry was amazed since he was really the owner of most of the businesses his parents invested in. He knew the last four since growing up in the muggle world and understood what they did and knew they ere successful. He was surprised that he owned his Uncles business. He was guessing as a Silent Partner or something along those lines. He developed a smirk since he knew he could wreck his family or send them far away very far away if he wanted. He put that Paper aside and went onto the next one it was the Le-fey one Le-fey Vault Number 1: Security highest possible:empty Gringotts to Enter Value of Vault: 999,999,999,999,900 Galleons No sickles or Knutz No Interest charged for the Vault Items in Vault: Morgana's staff Many Armor and weapons, Gems and her personal Library of books Investments and Businesses and land: Magical only it seemed Gringotts-50% Diagon Alley land -100% Knockturn Alley land-100% Stonehenge-100% Now the fact he owns Gringotts was amazed to him he thought it was a Goblin owned bank and wizards and witches only used it. He looked to BleedDirk and Motioned him forward."Can you please explain how I own 50% of Gringotts?" BleedDirk Smiled and nodded before telling him."We as a nation of a place to do our business in Britain and Morgana gave us the land. In return we ave her and her line fifty percent of the Bank as a show of friendship and honor to her. The warning on the front of the bank was a saying she liked at the time and put it there her self." Harry was surprised and soon read the others as well. The most interesting was the fact he owned Hogwarts and most of Diagon Alley, Knockturn Alley as well as Hogsmeade village. The amount of what he has for money means he is the richest person in the wizardry world and maybe in the entire world. The fact he also was owners of some sports teams both Magical and non-magical as well. There was three other items he found interesting as well. Three items called the Elder wand, The Life Stone and the Cloak of Death. They came from the Perverell family before the split. Just as he finished reading the folder when Olvandi came in. He looked up and saw the giant smirk on his face. He arched his eyebrow at the smirk then confused at the the new folder in his hand. Olvandi seemed to know the questions on his mind and answered them before being asked."Well Brother before you ask. This folder is what powers that you have had in your blood the entire time most where just unlocked when you claimed your Lordships. I'm happy because I finally managed to kick Albus Dumbledore from the bank Vault and all the goblins will no longer do Business with him.I was able to do so because he insulted a family member and ally of the nations." Harry was happy since that solved one problem he showed the Investments to the goblin King and asked him."Is there anyway to improve these investments. I know I am rich beyond my means but the business are good idea's. Also can we arrange through Grunnings my Uncle is either Terminated. Or is sent somewhere where it will break him. I will be of course willing to pay for the services as well. Also May I see what abilities I have gained or have?" Olvandi nodding to Harry and handed him the paper. Harry read all the gifts that he has. Magic abilities by House name Gryffindor: Understanding of all but Parseltongue Languages, Battle magic Mastery Immune to harmful Potions Slytherin: Parseltounge and Potions mastery Immune to poisons Ravenclaw: Photographic memory and recall and Runes Mastery immune to mind magic Hufflepuff: Mage sight and Mastery of plants/Animals tougher skin to claws bites and elements Perverell: Deathly hallows and Luck Can sense lies of others Also Metaorphmagus beyond normal means Potter: Shields and curse breaking Mastery Can't be disarmed Excels at flying on anything Black: Curses and Hex mastery Immune to most curses besides the main three and excellent business sense Le-Fey: Large core, wandless, Battle mage with Staff, time traveling( only 1 day Back) Core charges faster Less than a hour A speaker to mental minds If someone else can use this as well Dracul: Enhanced Body, stamina , Heightened reflexes and blood magic(Vampire bloodline without the need to drink blood) Bones stronger and bigger body type(Like a runner or gymnastics) Can't scar, Vampires follow him as if their lord Pendragon: use of any Hand weapon with magic and Healing magic Immune to temptations= love potion and such Evans: Charms and Transfiguration Mastery and warding magic the Animagus forms gain all defenses human has 3 forms mastered can use others possibly A note at the bottom all Masteries is consider to be the level of Prodigy level. Also all families hold seats on the Wizards Council known as Wizengamot Harry was shocked by what he saw for his powers and realized he has been using some of them all his life. He always seemed to understand any Language he heard when he did. His stamina was impressive as well since there was chases in school from Dudley and his gang. He lifted his shirt and saw that the scars did indeed dissolve from his body. He finally saw his glasses tossed to the side and realized his eye sight was better than ever. He sighed and muttered under his breath."Will my life ever be normal." A cough from the goblin King made it seem like that would be impossible. He looked to the goblin King. Who as he had Harry's attention spoke once again."Well sorry to say I am guessing to say that it will be a negative my brother. The wards in the bank have also detected a dark piece of magic surrounding your head right where your scar is. We have no idea what it is and will research that for you till we figure it out. Now I believe you still have to pick up your school supplies. I recommend that you do that and get read for the school year. We as the Nation have set you up in the Leaky Cauldron. This is till you leave for school on September 1st. We have set up this card here for you. It acts like a non-mag credit card. It works in both worlds so you don't have to worry about anything. Also you should Keep your lordships hidden unless necessary. Also here is a book. It connects to all your families Library's. You can pull out any book you want to and return it in the same manner." Harry nodded before standing up and giving his hand to his brother who did the same. Harry offered the same to BleedDirk who was a bit surprised by this but returned the gesture. A few minutes later Harry was walking out of the bank he looked around and saw some goblins near him about 4 in a diamond shape invisible of course. Then as he looked down the Alley in front of him he saw more. He guessed that Olvandi had them watch over Harry and was a bit thankful for that even if this was a bit over kill in his mind. He soon headed towards the first place on his own list of what he needed. He found the place soon enough it was Ollivanders the wand shop. He walked into the door and sure enough a bell above the door rung. In seconds a man appeared and looked at the boy be fore talking." Ahh , I have been waiting for this day since you were born. My name is Garrick Ollivander. I am the wand maker of Diagon alley. Mhm I sense a deep power in you. I remember your parents when they came to the shop and got their wands. Your father's was as I recall was a 11 inch mahogany. With what I believe as his core was a battle Unicorn hair core. Your mother was one of 10 and 3/4 made of willow. Great for charms, her core was of green welsh heart string." Harry was amazed and a bit concerned by the fact of what he knew so much about him and his parents. He activated his magic sight with ease and saw that the man was not a normal human. He was a being beyond normal means, he is mortal but his magic was amazing to see. Harry finally responded to the man."Yes I am Harry potter, though keep it quiet will you. I am not wanting to be known that I am here yet." The Man nodded before digging in the wall before bring a box to harry."Try this wand . Before you as the wand chooses the wizard not the other way around. You will feel your magic course through you when you get the right wand." The thing that happened next amazed both Harry and Ollivander. As soon as the wand was in Harry's hand it burst into flames and was reduced to ash. This happened four more times. Before Ollivander grabbed the last box before mumbling."I wonder?" He handed this new wand to Harry and frowned as it as well burst into flames though the core did not burn away like the last few. Ollivander was beside himself. He knew that was the wand for harry he made it so. Yet the boys magic had rejected that. He now knew he would have to create the wand. He hated to make them as most times they never truly belonged right to the wizard. He motioned Harry to follow him to the back of the building. Soon as they were behind a certain door it shut and Harry saw a potion that was frozen. Beside that there was three groups of boxes lined up as if ready for what going to happen. He was curious and turned to the wand maker."Harry I do believe that no wand in my shop will choose you. I do create wands every now and then but they seem to fight the users a bit more than most but it is our best option. As you can see there is three groups of boxes . I want you to go to each group and run your hand along each and grab any box that feels hot or that calls to you." harry did so and found that they were labeled into sections. they sections were Wood, Core and Gem. Harry ran his hand over the wood first He found three that called to him and put them aside not seeing the look of surprise from Ollivander. He continued to the core and once again ran his hand over the boxes two stood out. As he was about to move away the vial he had forgotten about of Dredd's venom. It landed beside the two he had picked. He shrugged to himself, again missing the absolute shock and dropped jaws of Ollivander. He moved to the Gem section. Which Harry figured were the focus point in the wands. He found only one box that called to him it was the smallest of course but still grabbed it. Harry moved away and let the man come and see what he picked. Ollivander now recovered a bit, moved to see see what the boy had picked out. He opened the wood boxes and was shocked. Ebony for the strong willed, Elm showing a greater strength than seen before. The final wood was Yew the tree of the protector. He knew harry would have to pick a binding agent for the wood to make it work but was curious as to how it would work. Ollivander moved on to the cores. Te first was the vile which he guessed was a venom of some kind. The next was the only black Phoenix crown feather ever given to him. It was almost 800 years ago that it came to him and has been waiting to see what it meant. he final one was the biggest shock to the man. When he was young he meet Godric Gryffindor and when he did the man gave it to him and saying it was from a Elder Hyperion dragon the familiar of his mother. He opened the final box and saw the Black diamond he found when he went mining to get new gems for wands. This is the only Black Diamond he has ever found. He looked back to the boy and almost fainted. There was a snake on his shoulders and the two were hissing to each other. He now knew the venom and was shocked by what snake it was. He now had a puzzle to figure out. What would be the binding agent strong enough to hold the wand together. He knew some agents were right out all together because of the core themselves would burn it right out. So now the question was let the boy help decide the bonding agent or no. He already knew the answer as he thought it. Yes get his help. He turned back to harry and told him." Go to the shelf over to your left and grab the jar or jars in your case to use as a binding agent." Harry did as instructed and soon brought him two jars with a empty vial labeled blood of user."Here is what felt like the boxes." Ollivander grabbed the first one and noticed the black liquid and was shocked. The Jar was filled with Thestral tears, The other was filled with a substance that looked of Mercury it was actually of Unicorn Blood freely given. The final vial was now filled with Harry's blood as was directed. He was confused as to why that important but figured he would find out as he made the wand. He turned to the young man and told him."I will have to make the wand now, I am sorry but this is a private ritual and I will ask you to leave. I will be finished in about 2 hours that should give you time to pick up the rest of your school supplies I believe." Harry walked away in understanding. But just as Ollivander was about to report to Dumbledore what he just witnessed he was faced to face with four goblins that were covered in black armor with a white hand on their helmet. He gulped before reading a note and looking to the one who handed it to him and swore a quick oath not to tell anyone especially Dumbledore. Who was now considered a enemy of the nation. Just not in public as of yet for his meddling in the Potter Lord. Especially when the young lord owned the shop. Harry made his way out of the store and was heading to the stores needed for school. Very soon he had just finished getting all of his supplies and robes for school. When he saw something he knew he should avoid and ducked back into the Potion shop. It was a old man with a long beard. It was Dumbledore and he seemed to be scanning for him. Since Harry was here he snuck to the back of the store. He started getting a few other books he knew would be good to read while he hid. He then had a flash of brilliance and soon used some of his Metamorphmagus talents and changed to someone who would be skipped over if the man came in the store. He was reading like always and learning about the history of the world and realized they painted his ancestor in a horrible light. Morgana was classified as the first Dark witch in History. He was now pissed but kept calm. He decided that he will have to fix that later. He noticed that a letter was now in front of him. He opened it and saw it was about his new wand. So he got up and walked out the door. Almost walking into the Albus Dumbledore as he came inside to look it seemed. Though Albus moved out of the way just in time and nodded to him. Harry just nodded back and headed to get his wand. After walking the 3 blocks to the place he soon walked in just as another person was about to leave he almost was in shock it was the granger family he saw earlier. He had actually walked into the young granger and they almost both fell. If Harry hadn't caught his footing and her. He soon looked in to her Hazel eyes and was a bit lost for a second till he noticed she had bitten her lip. He let her go and soon apologized to her and her parents. He asked if could meet them for something to eat at the Leaky Cauldron. He said it was about a contract as well as the other 33% of their business. He noticed that Mr. Granger had tensed for a second at the mentioned of the contract. They agreed to meet in 30 minutes to give time for him to get his wand. Even if it would only take five minutes. After the grangers left Hary turned to the now pale man in front of him. He could tell there was something important he wanted to say so he motioned his hand to talk freely. Ollivander seemed at ease and soon was exclaiming." How did you manage to have such the most complicated wand I have ever seen or made. The process was harder than I thought. Only due to the cores mind you. Now the fact I feel that this wand would be the most powerful wand in the world. One that I think would match or beat the elder wand of the Hallows. NOw please take up your wand. It is 13 inches a bit longer than most of my others but will not hamper anything in casting. I am also throwing in a DMLE wan Holster in for free due to the process." Harry looked at the box and holster and put it to his dominant hand and drew the wand sure enough magic around him flowed and actually picked Harry off the ground by a foot. Sure enough after the magic was done Harry returned to the ground. He nodded to the man and asked the typical question."How much do I owe you for such a wand." Ollivander smiled and shook his head before answering."Do not worry about it, to create such a wand and see what i just saw. I am very content about the wand. Plus kinda hard to charge the owner of the shop is it not." He finished talking with a slight chuckle. Before Continuing with a final statement."Just please do great things and help Britain become what it should be." Harry nodded and walked out of the wand shop. As he left he saw a big bag down near the door he went in earlier. It was filled with what he could see was Galleons. He guessed it was from the goblins to keep his silence or pay for the wand. He soon headed to the Leaky Cauldron for his meeting with his betrothed and her family not that she or her mother knew about it yet. He hoped the husband would survive this argument when he gets home after this meeting. Hell he hoped he survived this meeting. He gulped before entering the hidden door and soon headed to his new family
Harry opened the door and did a quick look around before seeing the grangers off to the side in a booth. He was about to go to them when he thought about it and first went up to the bartender. He figured the man would help him keep this quiet as he did with Hagrid before when they first entered the bar. As soon as he was coming up to the counter Tom saw the boy and said."Ahh Mr. Evensburg, pleased to see you again.I see that your done getting ready for the year already. Now, how may I help you today?" Harry ran his hand through his hair before responding."I am here meeting the family in the booth over there and figured what we are going to discuss is not meant for open ears. Is there somewhere where, maybe we can talk in a private area." Tom smiled and nodded before coming around the counter. "Let's grab the Granger family, we will head to the room adjacent to here it is a conference room that is empty. I will be bringing some food in about a half an hour along with some drinks. There is three things I want to show you about the room as well." Sure enough the granger and the pair headed to the room and Tom explained about how the room was sealed from the inside and that the three Runes on the side of the door did some things. 1 controlled the temp inside. number two rang to Tom. the third one put up wards so no one could interfere or listen in on who ever was trying to. The goblins had set up the wards to keep their best clients safe. Harry was happy about what was set up. He ordered his food a simple BLT with some chips. The grangers had ordered before hand ad were waiting for their food still. Soon as as Tom left the room Harry pulled out his wand and tapped the runes. A red light appeared on the runs and soon enough the room was sealed. Harry took a deep breath before turning around and looking at the Granger family. The man of the house soon was looking down as he was ready for whatever onslaught was coming his way for something, he never wanted but knew would come. Harry looked to them and decided it was best to really introduced himself fully." Hello Mr & Mrs. Granger, also to you young Granger. I am Harry Potter. Now before we get to far I should let you know that is not my full name. My full name is Lord Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon and Evans. Now most of those titles would non relevant. Now I figure the two of you more your Husband recognizes at least two of the titles. The Evans and Potter from a few things I mentioned earlier. One is a ancient marriage contract from the year of 394 A. D between Richard Theodore Evans and William Chester Granger. Also I have a familiar named Dredd, he is a venomous snake. He is a Fleur De Lance. If he appears do not worry he is very friendly and will not harm anyone." THe wife of the Granger man puts a hand up, then talks to Harry."Lord Potter please let me introduce ourselves. Our names are David Richard Granger. Mine is Jessica Sophie Wilson nee Smith I believe is how it is said in the Magical world. This is our daughter Hermione Jean Granger. Now I am curious as to why this contract is still in effect? Considering it is 1600 years later? Or how you said you are part owner of our business? Especially since there is only me an my husband in the business.? Also thank you for the warning about your Familiar." Harry wasn't surprised by what is asked and he had all the answers for them since it was explained by the goblins earlier in the day." Well the contract is simple actually. The Granger family until Hermione here was born was all male. While the Evans family until my mother had me. I am the only last of the true line of Evans. So in the contract it was for only a female of the Grangers and a male of the Evans and we are both the first of each line since the signing. The reason I own 33 percent of the dentistry that you two made together is that your father as for a loan and my father at the time was looking for businesses to invest in and was handed to him. I look exactly as he did as a boy besides my eyes they belong to my mom. I am willing to give it back of course so you own the entire thing. Trust me I make more than you could imagine. Is there anything I have left out." David was the one who talked first."What does this contract entail? I had heard about it as a kid but forgot about till today. What is your intention with our daughter? Do you have the contract so we can see it? Also is there a way to break or destroy the contract well?" With this Jessica nodded to the last question. Harry handed him the official contract. Harry frowned a bit before shaking his head no and responding."I have no intentions towards her besides being a friend. I know most Wizardrying and Witches society will look down on her because they will only see her as a first generation witch. Though I will be there as much as I can to protect her if I can. From what I read earlier we are suppose to marry and any magic we have will help in that matter. So it will make us compatible to each other. I am also guessing that's why she has so much magic is because I have almost more than most adults do. I am also sorry to say there is no way to destroy the contract. Since it was signed in blood of the two it is a binding contract. So magic hold the contract I am sorry, there is nothing I can do." The grangers frowned but nodded their heads before looking down to read the contract this is when Harry took the time to look at their daughter who has been silent. Yet she was looking at a book Harry had seen but laughed at. It was a book Called: Harry Potter the child of Magic. A Series that made him someone who has done things he hasn't even done one was killing a Necromancer, then a dragon or a clan of werewolves. It was complete garbage in his opinion."Please tell me that you are not believing what's written in these books. Hermione, they are not worth it and also present me as something more than what I am. I not what they say." She looked up with a blush and bit her lip, all before answering."Lord potter, These were something I saw and thought would be a good way to be introduced into the world of magic. All because you are a young Wizard and able to do these things so maybe I could as well if I got strong enough. I am also seeing that these books don't know who who really are as a person so yes I will be returning these to where I bought them. Hopefully get my money back. I heard something that is bugging me. A young blond boy in the rob shop called me something under his breath. Mudblood I think is what he said." Harry already looked pissed he had gotten the explanation from Amelia about the terms of the terms some Pure Bloods will call people and what they mean. She also knew he was in a contract with a First Generation as he called them. The grangers who were reading the contract looked up and watched as Lightning and other elements were now circling his body. Fire from the candle now floated the water from Hermione's drink, dust from the floor. While the air around him seemed to be seen. Harry forced himself to calm down and eventually everything returned to normal. Hermione was amazed by what she saw and curious as to why he got like that after hearing what she said."Is there something wrong with that term, Harry? How in the world did you just do that. It almost concrictdited what you just said you seem like a strong wizard already." Harry frowned before responding."I may be strong, but I am like you a young inexperienced wizard. Mudblood is a racist term the older houses might call you it is meant for people from not magical houses and being first with or wizard part of the family. You are actually are not even a first gen in a sense you are a half blood. Most people will think I am one as well, since the Evans family wasn't known as a magical house till my mother. If anyone calls you that ignore them and walk away." Harry was about to finish then remembered something and pulled out his wand."I Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon- Evans. Sound of mind and magic. Here by bring Hermione Jean Granger under my protection as is the right of being head of house. I will protect you from pain and discrimination. I will be your wand in offence and defence. I require only your acceptance into protection. Also I offer my own name as Magical guardian to her." Hermione was shocked he would do something for someone he didn't even know. She figured that there was no bad thing to this since she would be protected. Where she might be discriminated against because she was a first generation witch. She followed his movement and pulled out her wand and said in acceptance."I Hermione Jean Granger accept the offer from Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon-Evans. I willing in sound of mind and magic willing become his protectee. I also accept your name as my Magical guardian." After the acceptance of the Hermione they glowed a silver showing the magic accepted the promises and nothing can break them. The other Grangers were amazed and confused to such reasons till they figured with such titles till they get married. that she can't be hurt or if is hurt Harry would rain hell on who ever hurt her.. They also saw in the contract she would be emancipated so she could use magic out of school. They were confused on what the magical guardian was but figured that will cleared up soon. They read the contract and where actually happy by what they read. Since there was a mention it doesn't matter of when they get married or cares if they ever have kids. There was also a no forcing claus in a sense. Meaning Harry could not force her to do anything against her will. They looked and nodded to each other. seemingly to have a mental conversation. Jessica granger looked to Harry and asked him."Why did you offer to be her Magical Guardian? We were informed that the headmaster of Hogwarts is the magical guardian of any and all any Witches or Wizards from the non-magical side of the world, as well as all the orphans that come to Hogwarts." Harry frowned when hearing that and explain his situation with the man how he went against his parents wishes and dumped him on the steps of his aunt and uncles in the middle of night on November 1 the day after his parents died. He meddles in place where he doesn't belong and breaks many rules to do his own business. All in the name for the 'greater good'. Suddenly some movement from his chest caught their attention and sure enough Dredd made his appearance. They all gasped as the snake coiled on his shoulder and rubbed his head along Harry's jaw. Causing Harry to laugh from the feeling of the scales on his skin. The Grangers were surprised by the fact he was honest about the snake or the fact it was such a poisonous snake and that it was safe for someone to have. Then to shock them further Harry's skin where contacted by the snake turned to scales this caused them all to gasp. Harry looked at them confused before Hermione gave him a mirror and pointed to his jaw. He used the Mirror and saw the scales and smiled. He knows it is part of his Metamorphmagus powers and explained them before turning his face into a copy of his snake. He had explained that most Meta's were and their talents they explained that his were more beyond what they could most only can do animals and maybe their skin and hair. While his did right down to the bone and cells itself he literally shifted to whatever he wanted to or touch. All before returning to normal as a bell was heard on the door. It was tom bringing in their food it seemed. Harry undid the runes and opened the door to the Bartender. He used his wand to Levitate his food and put them on the table. Both Tom and Hermione seemed shocked he could use so much magic already. Harry said to Tom and the Grangers."As I am a Lord of my houses I am Emancipated and can use Magic at anytime." This time Tom shut the door and Harry activated the Runes and started up again."Also I believe that due to the contract being activated Hermione here is also Emancipated. Even if we are not married she should be called by anyone Hermione Evans-nee Granger. Since she is Lady of the House. I also should tell you my father organized me into another contract with a close friend of his. So unfortunately she will not be my only wife." This announcement surprised everyone and Jessica was the one to come out first and respond."Is that normal for people in the wizardry world to be married to more than one person?" Harry shook his head no before explaining why."There are very few people that hold more than one house title. So in such reason it is not heard of. Since I d have 10 titles I am head of and Heir of the 11 being the Black title I may by law be forced to take 11 if the ministry can force it on me. I am not a fan of this mind you so I doubt I will take this on. I will leave Magic Britain if they do this to me. They would be out of line since it is head of house that controls such thing. I never wanted these powers or the titles. I only wanted to be a normal Wizard. Hell until yesterday I didn't know I was one. Or the fact my Parents were killed by the Last Dark Lord. When he tried to kill me his curse backfired and I ended up with the scar on my forehead." They were surprised by all that they heard and were curious as to how a government was so corrupt. Though with power corrupts, While absolute power corrupts the incorruptible. Yet this man with all his titles only wants peace or a normal life. Yet because of a mad Wizard the boy lost his parents, marked by the man as well, and according to their daughter before this known as the Boy-Who Lived. Harry watch them all absorb the information and yet they didn't seem to pale like he expected them too. No it actually seemed like they understood what he was upset about. He noticed the older Grangers shared a look. While the daughter he could see had her mind going a hundred miles an hour. At last she looked to him and made her way to him before gathering him into a hug. Which he half froze from since most contact he has had was from his family who beat him daily. He tried to hug her before anyone noticed the freeze up, unfortunately it was too late. The older Grangers noticed such a thing and frowned about his tensing. He motioned for later so they nod in understanding. Hermione lets him go and he guides her to the chair nearest to them. Harry then claps his hands together and say out loud."Well I believe it is time we should eat. Our food is getting cold. While we eat we can get to know each other. Since eventually we will be a family even if it is a situation that you hate being in." The grangers nodded and soon everyone was eating even Dredd was eating from Harry's plate. Hermione even threw him some pieces of fish and fries. The snake seemed to like her and coiled near her and rose up and flicked her cheek. The grangers tensed but saw the snake wasn't trying to hurt her so they accepted it and kept eating and got to know the boy who wormed in into their family. Even if it was from their ancestors actions that truly caused this. The two grangers could see their lives with the young man in it. After their lunch the company split apart and soon were off doing their own things. Harry was a bit confused as to what he was doing now. He had nowhere to go since he knew that he didn't call the Dursleys home his home. Not now or ever. So really till he figured out where home was in his heart. He soon saw a little flash towards his rings and voice in his head. 'Le-fay Castle A place safe in time and space, Beyond what the meddler can understand. Walk through the stonehenge and the ring will open the door way. Call Circe and she will come to you. We will begin your training there my decedent.' Harry was shocked he had heard the voice before. Since he met morgana in the dreams. He knew he would need the staff to get there. He figured that Circe was the name of the staff. Or maybe just maybe was her familiar when she alive and it is something he. . . He will just figure it out later and that is all. He looked around and ducked into a little dark alley to his left. Looking around he saw no one and held his wand up and whispered."Circe come to me and let's find home together." A purple light appeared in front of him and sure enough a staff was there. The staff he was amazed by what he saw. It was red and black in coloring, and yet it had a grace and elegance of a angel or fairylike. There was 7 blood red feathers surrounding the 13 black gems which again was around a giant blood red ruby. The The staff wasn't of wood or even something he knew that was on earth. It was something different material almost Alien it seemed. He knew it was created though through Morgana's magic itself the same magic he had in his veins. He could feel the acceptance of the staff being in his hand. It like it belonged here with him. Harry smiled as he rubbed the shaft of the staff and whispered. Welcome back Circe my dear, It was about time we reunited. Now let's go home we have things to do." With a flash of Black fire he was out of the alley. When Harry next appeared he was in a field near the Stonehenge it was only about two hundred yards from the landmark. He soon made his way around it and found what he was looking for. A certain spot in the rock it was the shape of the Le-fey ring. He made the ring visible and pressed the ring into the indent. He was lucky there was no non-mag's around. He soon watched as a giant pillar of white magic shot in the air. e knew this was the doorway. So he walked into the light and soon he watched as he was lifted up and taken to who knows where. He looked around and smirked as a bunch of wizards showed up and even saw as he saw Albus there being the meddler as his. Now sure enough he was again Meddling. There was nothing he could do now anyways. Harry soon felt he was being pulled to a different direction. In a flash it all turned white and Harry was blinded. He had to close his eyes waited for only a second. He soon was able to feel something under his feet, it was like solid ground and he couldn't figure it out. He opened his eyes and sure enough there was grass under his shoes. Harry looked around and was wide eye and mouth dropped. At what he was seeing This was a paradise. There was grass for miles the only thing in the ay was the tower in the distance. It was completely white the door the stone even the windows seemed to be made of something white. Harry was about to start walking to it when a bunch of golden lights appeared in front of him. They swirled in a tight patterns and soon a shape of someone was filling out inside the light. He could tell it was a women just can't remember were as he saw before. A voice from inside the lights, one of music and yet human yet not at the same."Welcome my son, well son is a loose term but welcome all the same. I'm glad you came with Circe you both have a journey ahead and I will will help you. We have much to discuss but that can be fore later. We have work to do now that you are here. I will tell you everything you need to know about your world and the dark lord who has a hard on for you." Harry was surprised by what he heard. He had someone who was willing to tell him what is going on and why he was picked for this shit. Or the fact that she called him son. Someone loves him or maybe she was using him for her own needs. He will have to find out before trusting her."Oh my little boy I do love you as I did all who are my line before you . Yes I am using you for a goal of mine. This goal though is one you are thinking about it as well already. Equality for any that are magical and even non magical as well like the parents of the kids who are. Like I should the parents of Hermione Jean Granger." Harry glared hard at the figure who was still visible. He growled out with Venom."What what you say from now on Morgana Le-fay. I will not have anyone threaten any that are under my tell me exactly why I am here or I will leave and disband the house of Le-fey to the end of time." The glare he gave her showed he was serious. He even had the a hand ready to pull the ring off his finger to leave there. Morgana's voice was heard once more."Now my son, there things you need to know and then maybe you can decide. I won't force you to do anything my son remember that, now follow me to the true and only Vroengard. Land of the Magic Origins and of the dragons birth."
Harry was shocked she said that name instead of Avalon. Since that was the birthplace of magic or so is recorded. Then again look how they portrayed his life growing up and they were the farthest from it. He was curious as to why he would come to the birthplace of dragons he wasn't a dragon his wand has a partial core to one that is all."Why are we here and not Avalon? Isn't that where it all began?" Morgana who finally was truly visible and harry was shocked about what he saw. She was tall close to 6 foot in height. Completely alabaster for skin tone. It was almost as if she was made of marble or snow. Her hair was a wild yet it matched her perfectly a black that seemed to absorb all light hitting it. Her eyes were a blue hat had fire in them as best he could describe them. He noticed she looked to be wearing a makeup like Cleopatra it was only a purple in a almost lighting bolt pattern down her cheeks. She smiled as she approached him arms open as if if a mother greeting her child him. He walked into her arms automatically. She held him close and ran a hand through his hair. He smiled before asking fromjust below her bust."Can you please answer me morgana?" She smiled unknown to him and told him the simple truth. There is , or rather there was a Alavon that the world knew and before that there was here. We humans never were never meant to be magical. The only things that had magic were the dragons and Phoenixes. They will be discussed later though. Then one day a dragon from this land traveled into our world. When he did he found a child all alone and scared with bodies around him all dead. This child was of course Merlin Emrys. He stole the magic from the dragons and forced them to obey him. He of course did miss a few dragons the young ones. They had seen what had happened and organized a special place where they hid a few select dragon eggs for people who would save their race. They later were transferred to your world where they flourished they did hide two eggs. To be transferred into humans." She let Harry absorb what she had told him. It was not what she knew he was expecting to hear. He felt him nod before she continued." Then two dragons they chose were two Hyperion dragons born from the last of the two sets of elder and royal blood mind you. I was chosen for one of the eggs a female who was slimer and more a speedform than the other dragon. The other and final one was chosen for you. He is a magical brute along with his normal strength. He is the last of his line unfortunately." She shed a tear for the dragon waiting for Harry. Before continuing explaining the dragon. "Mind you the dragons on earth now are all younger dragons born from the ones Merlin took to earth. they do not know the things he did to their lines. His control broke when he died but by then their magic was almost gone they are only beasts really now though they might obey you due to your power. I do know not what the dragons had planned for after this. I do know it will become your Animagus form. I did give a heart string to Godric before I "died" he then gave it to Ollivander. Now where is that heartstring now I wonder, do you know where it is my son.?" She finished that with a smirk even if hidden from Harry's vision. Harry who was still enjoying being in someone's arms. He was shocked he had her heartstring in his wand. He reluctantly pulled away from her. While he looked her in the eyes and asked her." Why is it you asked me to come here? I don't get it it whatsoever with everything I try to think of, just doesn't make sense. Why am I so special that you invited me her and none of the other decedents? I am curious about why the man who killed my parents who everyone says is dead. Yet some say he will comeback or what I gathered from the meddler. Well when we locked eyes anyways." She was surprised he already made his way through someone's mind like that. Or without the training it shows a training or a mastery beyond normal magical people. Even she didn't have that skill completely down mind you she has been alone for almost two thousand years. She new she had a few things to tell the boy in front of her. She will do so as they begin their training for everything."Harry there is a few things you have to know. There was or rather there is two prophecies about you. The first is from Rowena Ravenclaw herself only to me mind you so no one else know it. The first one is so as heard by me. 'A boy of eleven families with all the same ties He will find the true meaning of magic While releasing becoming more than human He will release the binds of the earth's ties In such a he will make the world better and brighter Becoming one with the beast He will become more than anyone can know All the while being a savior Yet a destroyer to the origins Yet will being a new Beginning " Verongard will join earth' She knelt down to be level with the boy who was now in shock from what was told. She had figured what it meant but was curious as to how he would see it. She watched as he looked her in the eyes before asking a very simple question."What of the other Prophecy? The one that killed my family. The one where I was forced into how my life ended up." She smiled knowing that he wanted the other pieces of the puzzle first. She smiled before telling him the second one the one that was made 3 months before he was to become a Orphan. The reason the dark lord went for his family. The reason Dumbledore fucked up his life. Hoping hearing them both will not set Harry down a dark path. 'The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord approaches... Born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies... and the Dark Lord will mark him as his equal, but he will have power the Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... The one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies...' Harry looked at his Ancestor. Before nodding before sitting cross legged, as he thought it all through. He figured his forehead scar was the Mark. The fact he was born at the end of July helps point to this. Yet, there must of been a few other children born around that time as well. His parents must of denied him three times to join his ranks. His houses and all the powers from the houses might be the power the dark lord not but he feels it can't be that simple. There is other things at work. This is where the first prophecy came into play. One line stuck out to him more than the rest. Becoming one with the beast. He figures the dragon egg he will absorb. It is a power the Dark Lord knows not. Also the true meaning of magic. What is that? He was almost stumped till it came to him in seconds. He was boy of eleven houses sure. Then, he was becoming more than a human he was a half breed with the dragon in him. He will destroy this place for what to make the world safer and begin a new beginning. He will have the power to destroy Voldemort. He will bring Vroengard to earth somehow and make the world a better place. Somewhere magical and humans can get along and share the world. He knew what he needed to do now he needed to be strong enough to complete his tasks. He looked to Morgana and asked her the simple question."When do we begin, this is not negotiable I will complete both of them. Even if I have to die trying." Morgana was proud of him and helped the young boy to his feet. She smiled and ruffled his hair as she guided him to the tower."It is time to train you hard. In this tower you will not age for the time will be in here. Now in this tower we will train for about 30 years which at that time after we are done. You will be transported back to Kings crossing in time to catch the train for your first year. We'll discover what exactly you can do. Now I know once you have the dragon implanted you will b able to become the dragons adult form. Trust me it is different than any other seen. When you go back do not reveal your Hogwarts side of you the Castle will obey you in secret. She is scentient because of the magic there. She will be your guide on earth. I will be waiting for you to destroy this place so I can finally come home. Then I swear on my magic, I will become your mother. Well that is if you wish it my son. Till that time I will message you through Circe." He couldn't believe what he heard she would be his mother once this was all over. He jumped up and managed to get around her neck and whispered. I would love that mum. I wouldn't want anything else in the world. I will bring you home I swear." He kissed her cheek and soon dropped down to the ground. She rubbed her cheek where he kissed it and smiled at it she loved the boy already as if she was the one who gave birth to boy. She grabbed his hand again and lead him to the tower to where both their lives would be different. She mumbled to herself."Thanks Lily for giving me a chance to be his mother." Soon they came up to the tower. Harry was amazed by the size of the tower. From a distance it did not look big yet now it was close to ten stories tall. He looked at the actual stone and saw that was covered in stone work. It showed the history of the dragons. That was till it got to the door. It showed a dragon he never seen before this one stood like a human. it was black with bone protruding like sharp blades from everywhere it could. Harry reached out and touched the dragons head feeling a connection to it. Morgana watched in awe since he wasn't warded to the tower yet. He could get hurt from the magic. Yet she watched as the magic accepted him more than it did her. She watched as he pressed on the door and sure enough blowing her away the door opened up for him. They walked in and in the middle of the room was a pedestal. Which sitting on a velvet cushion. Was the last of the Hyperion dragons. He had no name due to him being connected to her future son. Harry smiled at the egg. he walked up and gave it a gentle rub. Morgana thought it was to early but hearing the voice from the egg proved her wrong.§"Welcome my other side. We will have much to discuss in the very near future. First thing is that you should know is that you were born only as a half soul. I was born with your other half of a soul. We are one and will become one when you are ready. I have no name and never will because when we become one. I will become you and you me. Now go with your future mother. You will need to be stronger before we fuse. Also hen we fuse you will be able to turn into a true dragon not a Animagus like Morgana."§ Harry was shocked by what the dragon told him. Yet he could tell the dragon was telling the truth. He could feel as if he was not truly whole yet. There will be a time when he is complete. He turned to Morgana and noticed she was pale as the tower. Even if her skin was snow before it was even more pale as if she became a ghost. He came up to her and gave her a nudge. What he wasn't expecting was the fact she fell over. Harry now seemed to lose it as he thought this was extremely funny. Soon he was doubling over in laughter at her. This was by far the funniest thing he has ever seen. After about ten minutes of this, he soon though felt a very slight sting to his chest. She had her staff in her hand he didn't notice she got it back from him. Now he realized that she had used magic to stop him from laughing. He wiped the tears the from his eyes and nodded and helped her to her feet. He bowed slightly before telling."I'm sorry for laughing so hard . I just never seen someone faint. Or the fact you stayed standing while fainted. It was to comical, especially when i nudged you and you fell over." She soon chuckled and laughed along her new son. She realized why it was so funny. She knew that she would of done the same if she had seen it when she was of the earth. She was a prankster to the core when she was younger. So she could teach the boy a thing or two and be ready to unleash him. He knew about his father and his crew of Marauders during the first five years of school. Now plaguing the school were the Weasley brothers who used their own products to do so. She had to give a tiny shudder for the future of the school once harry will be set upon it. Meh, it will worth it and fun to watch till a time she can join him. She smile as she handed back Circe to Harry. Since she can use her spells without her wand or staff. Being alone for so long made her train till there was nothing left to learn. Well till people made more new spell. Though thanks to her Grimoire one connected to magic. So soon Harry will learn more than anyone left besides her. She smiled and told him quietly."Let's get to the rest of the tower. I have much to show you my son and not much time to show you." Morgana showed him the floor above the ground floor. Which seemed to only hold the egg for some reason. Harry let Dredd out so he could explore with him. Morgana was surprised by the snake, but smiled and pet the snake on his head lightly. To Dredd this made her seem like a mother to him and made him respect her as well almost as much as Harry. Theys soon went back to the tour. This floor was actually a Library and a study for classes. That and the next four floors. This is for Harry since he doesn't have access to the Grimoire as of yet. She finally noticed the sword on his hip on he even seemed to not notice as well. She smiled as she saw her brothers sword even if that sword was painful as hell. When he almost killed her with it. When she was in her dragon form and he was imperioused by the mad wizard Merlin. She ignored the sword for now and continued the tour. She lead him to the next floor that seemed to be a sitting room and a kitchen. With a room to the side with a area for Potions and a storage area for the Ingredients. She had used magic to bring them there. She of course paid for them summoning gold for the prices of stuff so that the store is not in trouble for the missing ingredients. The next was going to become his room it a splash of colors. She showed him a spell and some runes on the side that will help change the colors. There already most of the Hogwarts colors throughout the room. He was shocked that the entire floor was his room. She showed him the next floor and told him that he should always knock before entering. Since it was her room and she might be doing something he shouldn't see yet. The next two floors where combined into one room. This was the ward and heartstone of the tower. It is what protected the world from Earth. It made sure Merlin could never come back. While making sure only the Le-Feys could come here. The final room was open to the roof it was a training ground for Harry to try his more dangerous and explosive spells. He could go out of the tower but that is not wise since there is not the time displacement like the tower does. After the tour they soon headed to the Kitchen since Harry was skinny and need to get his body into shape and such to be ready for school. She did ofourse know that the goblins were watching out for him and decided to let them know since she didn't want them to panic. She will do that through a vision to Olvandi Since he is a 'brother' to Harry. They didn't realize at the time that the wizarding world will be tearing itself apart looking for Harry. Or that a meddler of a old man would be raging and making plans. PLans that would be dismantled at every turn even if he did not know it yet. Albus Dumbledore was not a very happy man at the moment. First the fact it seems that harry had slipped from his grasp and sights. Everything that he had to trace the young potter was destroyed. Then when he went to see him in Gringotts. The bloody goblins had kicked him out of the bank and forced him to empty his vaults. He was sure Harry left the bank after his hour was up since there was no sign of him in the bank when he was leaving. Albus then wandered the Alley in looking for the boy. He did feel the entire time he was under watch. Yet he saw no one but the store owners really notice him. He did see a few muggles with their kids who were witches or wizards. It really did make him mad about this. He hated them with a passion. He was in the alley just coming out of the book store. After a hour of reading the minds of everyone in there. Then obliviating everyone took some time of this. Yet all he got was that Harry never made it to the store yet. Even Tom the Bartender never saw the boy. He was getting furious about it. Then it seemed the entire alley was shaking. A giant beam of light was seen from somewhere. He frowned and soon headed in the direction of the beam. Albus was shocked from where it came from. The light beam was coming from the stonehenge. A place where it said that magic started its origins. He had once looked into the origins of magic so he could become the strongest for the greater good. Yet all he could find is that the Stonehenge was were Merlin appeared from and brought magic to the world, there was nothing else in all his research. It also seemed as if every adult witch and wizard showed up as well. Showing that this was something that was felt by everyone. He soon was dealing with people asking him questions about it. He made a story up that it was just the magic of the world. t releases a blast every few hundred years since there is so much magic it sends it out into the sky to give more energy. This was a sign that it was a time of peace and nothing will disturb it. Most of the people accepted but a select few did not but they kept their thought to themselves. He knew what families. He did see someone inside the pillar but could not see who it was. He will figure it out eventually. He knew this person will be a problem to his greater good. Albus took his leave and soon was back in the Alley. He went to the wand shop. Ollivander was a good friend. MInding the man was a fey of old and helped him by putting blocks on most the wands so not many wizards were stronger than himself. He was soon disappointed when the man pointed to a remains of a holly wand. It was burned even the feather of fawkes was as well. Ollivander told him earlier in the day the wand just burst into flames for no reason. As if the magic in it would not be allowed to exist. Albus was mad he need harry to have that wand. It was designed to suck his magic more than normal and make him weaker. Now the man was pissed he soon left to Hogwarts and was in office and the days events finally broke through his patience and soon the office was absolutely a mess. There was even holes in the walls from his spells he fired off. The telescope in the back of his office was soon dismantled and broken some pieces falling to the ground at the bottom of his open office window for the telescope. He yelled one time before flashing away to do his favorite past time. Murdering some filthy muggles while enjoying some of the younger men before killing them."MERLIN THAT BLOODY BASTARD BOY WHO LIVED!.! I CAN'T WAIT TILL THE POTTER BRAT IS DEAD!.!" He didn't realize that fawkes had left to see the goblins with memories in his claws. Showing the plans of the man who somehow enslaved through the blood of his old lover and sister. It made the bird sick. Who when the man was angry had bouts of anger. He was able to sneak away. He knew that his freedom was coming. Fawkes knew the potter child would help him. So in return he would help the boy with memories of the medlers darker memories and plans. He knew the goblins would help as well. A note for the readers The cover Image is a dragon that Harry will fuse with I wrote in this chapter. Although the gold sections will actually be solid white bones. The few blue sections will be symbols of the dragon magic. I will have to figure what they will be yet. Also yes dumbledore is like a death eater in habits. Where do u think Voldemort got the idea from. I do not own any of the Harry Potter Series and give Jk Rowling's kudo's. Now please message if you have questions. I will try to answer the best I can. Also thank you for being loyal readers and followers I want to thank all of you and please keep enjoying my book
BleedDirk, Olvandi and ShadowFang were in a bit of a panic. They were suppose protect the boy. Yet as Shadowfang was following the boy he somehow summoned a staff then disappeared from the face of the earth. They had heard and felt the burst of magic from Stonehenge. They were wondering if that was from Harry Potter. They also heard about dumbledore's explanation and knew the meddler was spitting smoke out of his wrinkled old ass. As they were talking about what is going on lately and how to find Harry Potter. They heard a song trill though the office. Before a dome of fire was seen on the desk. They all grabbed weapons closest to them. Especially since this was different even by Dumbledore's traveling. Sure enough they saw Fawkes there by himself. This puzzled them, since they never seen this before. Fawkes soon used the little bit of magic to speak to send them thoughts."Have no fear I am not here on the old bastard's instruction.'Most do not know I am actually a slave to his will through a dark ritual. Also I have a message from Morgana Le-Fey, to tell is with her and will be at the station on the day he has to leave for school. Also buy him the biggest snow owl from the owl shop. She will become a familiar to the boy. Warning she is also twice the size of a normal snowy owl and also has the attitude of a Harpy Eagle. Now I have brought you some things that will help you help Harry Potter. He is the only hope we have left as magical creatures. I have three memories that you should watch. These are what he did to the boy and his plans for him. Hurry please, take them from me now. I can feel the bastard trying to call me back." The goblins were surprised and BleedDirk was the one who grabbed the three vials from the Phoenix. Soon as the memories were taken and BleedDirk stepped away. Fawkes did disappear as he said he would. The goblins looked at the Memories in the vials and all shared a look. They soon pulled out the pensieve from the wall. They poured the three memories in since it will play them in order. They soon went into the memories. After about a hour viewing the dark and twisted memories of the old man, they came out and were now swearing in Gobbledegook. Soon but in a goblins opinion a very long time. The three calmed down and soon were thinking about what they saw. Even if the three goblins were still red with anger. Olvandi was the one who started to talk first."Well from what we saw, I noticed a few things. One Dumbledore is the darkest wizard I've ever heard of in existence. He had somehow brainwashed Voldemort and Bellatrix Lestrange into becoming who they are today. He is planning to have Harry killed by Voldemort and then kill him to become the true and only leader of the light. He knew about the Horcruxes in the artifacts even gave them to Voldemort to use. He knew Harry was one as well. He hopes Harry becomes dark from the Horcrux. We of the Nation can not let this happen to our friend and brother. ShadowFang, Go get the Owl from Eeylops Owl Emporium I know the one Fawkes mentioned. Also set up wards around the Owl so she will be protected till she bonds with Lord Le-Fey." He had paused to think of the next part of the plans. He looked to BleedDirk and told him."WE have the Horcruxes locations from the memories. I want you and ALL current Curse Breakers in the bank, to go to each location. Destroy the Horcruxes and keep the items intact they are Harry's after all. There is three we can not reach at the moment since they are hidden well but we should be able to find at least three or four of them. Harry we will deal with the next time he is in the bank. The blasted snake is in the wind for now. the Diary is also in the wind since Voldemort used a follower to hide it somewhere. The robes as well will be dealt with in time I have a feeling Harry will do it." He smiled as he thought about more things to do. He now was developing a goblin bloodthirsty look and told them his part of the plans."I will be sending word to all heads of the magical creature tribes and tell them about Harry. The Vampires will join him no problem there being the human line of Dracul. The centaurs might be problems but then again I don't know how they will think. The Veela will join him no doubt, he will help them be what they truly should be. I will talk to the dwarves and some of the elves as well. The Merpeople will be harder to talk but we will figure it out. The magical creatures will eventually hear about this and will do their own thing by their own choices. The only thing we have to really worry about is the dementors, giant and most of the trolls. Now let us part and spread the word. I will let Amelia bones know about where Harry is so she does not worry. . . Wait ShadowFang you said a staff came to Harry right? By chance was it red and black with feathers and gems?" A nod from the goblin in question and now Olvandi was smiling complete with his fangs to be seen. He started to chuckle as he explained."That was the staff of Morgana from the Vault. It seems Harry called to it and it sent him the Magic Origins where it is said where Morgana is laid to rest. I think she was banished there and she called harry there to train. When the boy comes home he will be something else. Now we have our projects let get to it and we will meet back here on the day he returns to let the boy know in a letter what was accomplished." The goblins all soon headed out the door and off to do their jobs and prepare for the return of Lord Le-Fey. Harry and Morgana had started their training and every day was a new adventure they were spreading his knowledge to cover every single thing he could learn. Harry was reading so many books in a single day she was completely confused. That was till he told her about his photographic memory and perfect recall that he got from Rowena Ravenclaw. Though it seemed deviation the study of Prophecies were completely useless for Harry as he couldn't see what he was trained to sure he knew what to look for but couldn't get the orbs to work or for the tea to change symbols beside to what looked like a galaxy. Which in plain terms is that he will become the strongest in terms of power. They did create a new way to train magical cores. Since Harry had a thought. The more magic we use the stronger it gets so in a sense the core was a muscle and needs to be trained often. What they figured was they could force the magic out in a dome. it would be like accidental magic. Yet at the same time it would flex and in turn cause the core itself to drain and refill. So it was now a training exercise they both did everyday when they worked on theory and potions and studying for the subjects taught in the magical world. So now his already large core was bigger than what Morgana's was when he arrived to the tower. Morgana was amazed by the fact when she started his Animagus training. First using a potion to see his forms all he got was a vision of every animal in existence there was even a dementor which kinda worried her since that was a creature created by dark magic to destroy light magic. Though after that he had three dreams in particular of some creatures he would use as Primary ones. The first was the Hyperion dragon form. Which is understandable since he will become a half breed when he fuses with the egg. The next surprised her the most of all. He was also a Ice Phoenix, this hasn't been seen in a thousand years since their home was destroyed when it sunk below the seas. The final dream was him as a Shadowed Runic Royal Wolf. A wolf that could go into shadows or fly as transportation besides running of course. The runic part of him was the fact he could send ruins out with breath and they would take effect. She told him everything she could about what was anchoring Voldemort's soul to the world. Including himself since his scar was a Horcrux as well. Harry figure that the goblins had the right magic to destroy it since he didn't have to worry about it being with him for now. Since the meddler might react violent if the Horcrux was destroyed before the right time. Well he hoped the old man would die before the time it was destroyed anyways. Morgana showed him a object that she used to listen in on the world and about things that interested her. That was how she knew all the things she did. Harry used it to look and listen in on the goblins seeing if they figured out what happened to him and was surprised by the fact Fawkes came to them. Or the fact they were doing most of his work for him since it they saw some memories from the old meddler. Which he actually found really twisted but also a bit funny. Seeing how all those plans rested on Harry being under his control. By the end of the third week in the tower Harry was something else. He was lame man terms the second coming of Merlin even if the two hated to admit that. He was an absolute prodigy when it came to anything magic. Battle magic Morgana was good but in the three weeks Harry was able sweep her aside like nothing. Charms were ridiculous for him as well. She laughed when his Patronus was in fact her in her dragon form. It was also cropal meaning it was solid and actually killed the dementor she summoned for him to practice with. His Shields hexes and curses were again on another level his stinging hex was almost like being hit by the Cruciatus curse. It was that painful even for her. They did recreate his wand but instead of a second wand they made him a staff. It had all the same cores as his wand. Yet this beast of a staff was deadly as it was beautiful. The entire staff seemed to be made from a black metal. Such a deep black there was no shine to it at all. The end of the staff where the gems were though is what would scare people. It was shaped like a skull of a Dragon on two sides, a Phoenix on the one and a Wolf head on the other. They did this as a teaser for his Animagus forms that will be seen as his primary ones. The dragons were made from bone of a dead Hyperion they found on the island since there is bones hidden in the soil. The eyes were a as green as his eyes. The same shade as the killing curse. The Phoenix was a blue almost as if it was made of Sapphires. The details were beyond any seen in a carving. Its eyes were red to show contrast. The wolf was the just as impressive. It was black as the staff and yet there were some runes carved all the way though it showing what type of wolf it was. They made it have a yellow eye and blue eye like some huskies in the northern slopes of Canada. The space between the animals heads was not solid completely there was a giant gem inside the centre it was a stone the dwarves had lost to time. In reality Merlin stole it and left it there. It was the Kingstone or better known as the Arkenstone. The two were amazed by the staff and when it was completed they had a battle to test it. The Arkenstone seemed to create its own light and sent it out in a myriad of a thousand rainbows. The light could be seen in all the animal through the eyes. Also through the top. This was a choice to only because Harry wanted to return it to the dwarves when he could what better spot than with him. The two had a battle mage battle using only staffs and once again Morgana was swept aside by Harry as if she was a toddler. She was proud of the boy. Though today there was one final thing before he was truly ready. Well two things but they are almost the same in a way. It was the day of the fusing. She was a bit worried as to how much Pain there would be for him but she knew he could handle it. Harry had to do this alone she told him so she left the floor and went to do some of her own training. She need to be distracted by her future son's pain. Not knowing how wrong she was. Harry and the egg were soon in the room alone. Harry was excited and yet scared due to the fact that Morgana told him about her own experience. She said it was the most painful thing in the world to her. As if feeling his worry the dragon in the egg spoke out to him. §"Do not worry so much Harry. We are one of the same after all. This should not hurt to much if at all. We are the only completely what should of been done when you were born. Just have faith in me and yourself and remember the Prophecies that we need to fulfill together. There is a benefit though. That Horcrux will destroyed as we combine since it will be weaker than us together. Our power is what the dark lord knows not remember that. Now place me to your chest and the magic will do the rest."§ Harry gulped but being comforted by the dragon really helped. He walked up to the egg throwing away his fear as he did and picked up the egg. Feeling the magic already starting to work on the fuse even so early. Now he knew this was the right thing to do. He soon pressed the egg to his chest and let the magic finish what was started. Harry felt the egg somehow melt into his skin. He felt some discomfort but nothing bad. He felt the egg break apart and the dragon inside start fusing with what he assumed was his soul and magical core. He never noticed that his scar had indeed burnt away and the shard inside him was gone with wisps of black smoke. Or the fact his scar was also gone due to his Dracul blood. He could feel the power from the dragon add to his own. He understood what Morgan meant when she said he was a powerhouse. He knew though at if he fell to the power presented to him he would lose himself. So he forced the wanting to use that power for his own needs and remembered his promises and soon the process was finishing. Harry didn't think that there was a test involved with the power he received but then again he understood why. He waited till the feeling of he power left his body since he knew it was only now temporary till he called upon it like all his other talents. He could tell that Morgana now only maybe had about 5 percent of what his core was currently. He was now wondering if his core would ever run out of magic. He also sharper vision even more and could feel as if he had scales under his skin. He knew he had to go see his future mom. Hell she was already his mother in his heart and mind. So he soon left the bottom floor and walked up to the training area where he saw Morgana fidgeting while waiting for him. Harry smiled as she noticed him finally standing there. Then using her speed she got from her dragon half she had slammed into him. Holding him and crying while asking if he was okay over and over again. Harry pulled her close realizing his face was now in her bust. Blushing a bit he pulled away so to look her in the eye. He sent the process to her through a projection of his view of the fusing. She was shocked and smacked his arm. Before faking to tear him a new one."How in the Bloody hell did you not feel any pain? You literially pussed a egg into your chest and fused with him. When that happened to me. I was knocked out for a week and was weak after that for about a month. So how are you u so lucky to not have any pain?" Harry decided he would be a smart ass and answer her simply."Well I do have the Peverell luck so I guess you were just unlucky compared to me. I also am stronger than you as well so there is that." His smirk at the end of it made the smartass comments even better. Though she knew him well enough to know he was joking with her. She pulled him back into a hug and whispered as she kissed his head."I am just glad you are okay. Also am glad that piece of dark magic is gone from your head. you look better without the scar. Though you may have to put a glamour up at Hogwarts. Just so that the meddler doesn't realize you are not a Horcrux anymore and speed up his plans." Harry understood and nodded into his mom. He sighed before having a bright moment."Now that I have fused with the egg. Lets see if I can get this transformation down before the time I have to leave considering that there is only about four days till I leave for school." She smiled and explained that it should in a term feel like his Metamorphmagus ability since this is a true shift not just a animagus thing. Also his size will be small for a while till he grows and uses the form more and more. Harry focused on becoming the dragon and sure enough he felt the blur and soon he was the dragon. Sure enough he was still on his back legs and could walk like a human. If he wasn't a Hyperion dragon. Morgana was in a state of shock since it should of been at least a couple days for him to figure it out and yet he did it in seconds. maybe his talent is just that good. She then remembered is is unlike any Metamorphmagus in history. She turned into her form and soon took off to the air. Harry seemed eager to follower and watched her as she rose to get an Idea of how to do so. He soon found all the right muscles to use in the form much like his other two it seemed and soon he was flying around with Morgana. While she had a natural bit more speed. When Harry used his magic to push him faster he was breaking sound Barriers with every flap. The two then spent many days flying and having mock battles in their forms. While Dredd who has been silently watching them was proud of his human. Dredd was also different by now. Since being in the Magical world for so long he was a different snake now. He was still the same species but now more magical. He grew much larger than any other snake. He was almost 10 meters long now and about three feet thick. His venomous bite was now just as strong as a Basilisk. Which for a snake was impressive he also developed more than his two fangs he had ten in his mouth now. They were of course all retractable but still very impressive and deadly. He still loved being with Harry and made sure the boy spent time with him. He loved going on Harry's skin cause the Tattoo now wrapped around his chest and both arms. He knew in a few 'days' they would be back in the normal world and he would have to hide but knew he will be able to explore the castle during the night since he could adjust his size as well if he wanted. There would be many interesting days ahead with his human that he was sure of. It was the final day in the chamber and Morgana was making sure Harry was set for school. Both Harry and Morana were crying and shedding tears this was a goodbye. It was one of a mother and a son who will not see each other for a very long time. Harry still only being at her bust had his face right in between not being perverted but it felt right to him. Soon the porta opened up behind him and Morgana knew it was time for him to go. She whispered a final warning to him."Remember my son. watch the old man the ginger she hulk and the two youngest of the children. They will try to lead you astray of your path. Remember who you are and keep your wits about you. Now go and have fun. Dreadnought will help us communicate. keep it close and it will protect you." He nodded before kissing her forehead before saying his own good bye."Bye mom, I love you and will bring you home soon I promise." With that he stepped in the Portal and soon was gone from the tower. Morgana looked to her left and saw two peoples golden silhouettes there."I am still thankful to the two of you for letting me become his new mom. I hope I can be what he should of gotten if you were not taken away Lily, James." The gold figures hugged her and then disappeared before a whisper was heard." There is no reason to thank us. You are his mother same as me. We love you as well Morgana." Harry stepped out of the portal and soon it closed and smiled as he saw the portal put him right near the front of the engine so not a lot of people were there to see his entrance. Though he smiled as he saw that the four goblins were waiting only a little farther away before showing a cage with a snowy owl inside. He soon went up to the owl and opened the cage. She flew out and soon sat on his shoulder. He smiled and asked her."Are you ready Hedwig?" The bond was set she only had to accept. With a voice that sounded just like his mothers whispered through the familiar bond she had accepted."Of course my dear Harry, let's take this world by storm, scale, feather and shadow." Harry shed a tear as he heard his mother's voice again and whispered to quiet for anyone to hear."Thank you lady magic for this gift." Though he thought he heard a soft childish voice of a four year old."Your welcome my champion."
Harry had snuck onto the train very quickly trying to find somewhere he will be left alone. He had found a carriage and was glad it was empty and used his wand to cast a very simple spell. It was a wizards 'Notice-Me Not Charm'. It should prevent people from seeing him and Hedwig. She knew to keep quiet and would be released when they got to the castle. He was enjoying the quiet of the carriage and watching as people boarded the train. All the while saying goodbye to their parents and siblings. Harry had a twinch to his heart for a second but knew his mom was watching over him. He smiled before looking up and mouthing I Love you before going back watching the students come aboard. He notice Hermione was looking around for him. Even if it was against the rules of the Ministry he sent pictures of where he was sitting and the invitation to join him. He noticed she straightened up and looked right at him. He smiled as she grew a smile as well. Before hugging her parents and heading on the train. Sure enough she headed to his carriage and soon opened the door. She didn't notice him so she sat almost right on top of him if he didn't move. So he squished over before smirking. He touched her hand ever so lightly. Then he moved onto other areas none that were inappropriate or anything but just to make her squeamish. He started to tickle her finally since he noticed she protected some area's better than others. soon she was laughing and Harry let the charm drop. She gasped before slapping his arm."You prat why would you tickle me like that. That's the first thing you do, after a month of not seeing each other." Hermione then noticed Hedwig and gasped at such a beautiful and big owl."OH, my. Harry she is beautiful. What's her name? Where did you get her from? I never saw her in Diagon Alley. Also why did you not owl or phone me at all during the break." Harry chuckled before answering. Her name is Hedwig. The goblins had gotten her for me. She is also one of my familiars besides Dredd. I guess the goblins got her from the owl Emporium that was there, she was waiting for the right one to be her partner is all, and yes she is very beautiful owl. Though her beauty is different than yours I will say that. I doubt there will be a more beautiful owl than her. I am sorry I didn't write or call I was just visiting a ancestry home and there is no ways of communication there." Hermione smiled and blushed a bit at the comment. Soon the two were chatting away the world. Harry though was keeping a eye around the outside of the train since He was there fairly early by his count. He looked around the area of the platform and were looking for the ginger family he has been warned about a few times now. They were on thin ice since their mother Molly tried to form a contract. He soon saw the hair he was looking for. For the most part the kids looked excited to be there two of them were puzzled it seemed the two youngest. The girl had in her hand one of the Harry Potter books in her hand and seemed wanting to read it already more than she already did. He saw that two boy were getting lectured by their mother. They looked to be twins and remember the goblins off mention of them. He figured they would be okay. The boy around his age seemed to be smug and yet scared of what is to come. It seems he wasn't happy the contract was destroyed or something else happened to make him sour. He saw that only one other of the boys were coming on beside the three he noticed first. The other one seemed to be a bit different he seemed upset something, either his families behavior or how others were acting to the family. He noticed a man who seemed to be the dad of the family was there and actually was holding a rubber duck in his hand like he was trying to figure the purpose out. One more brother was there he was a slim in the body man. Yet he was kept well like a runner in Harry's mind. He was wearing a very well kept suit it seemed and Harry was shocked by the badge on the his chest. He was curse breaker for Gringotts which alone is impressive, that means he can break near any curse and ward if need be. Harry moved away from the family once he notice that all but the youngest slipped on board he seemed to be arguing with his mother. He notice the mother motioned to the forehead so he to identify Harry it seemed. Harry lost interest and soon began a good discussion with Hermione. He did notice some families out of the corner of his eye. But focused on the kids since they were the ones he would be dealing with. "With him killing Grindelwald during world war two. . . Harry are you even listening to me.?"Harry smiled at her with a crooked smile and responded."Using the Advance shield known as Protego Duo. He rebounded the the 'Reducto' curse back. Which with that killed Grindelwald. Though he only did so is because when Grindelwald did so before in the last battle he had killed his betrothed on purpose. who was that it was Albus Dumbledore's own sister Ariana. Which even though betrothed to her he was actually Albus's lover and partner. Though history seems to have forgotten that." Hermione was surprised and asked him what Harry expected her question to be."Are you saying that Albus dumbledore is gay? He only killed him because he killed his sister so he didn't have to marry her. Why would the history books exclude that?" Harry smiled simply for his answer was easy and understandable." Hermione my dear is gay even accepted in the non-mag world right now? No it is not and the Wizardry world is even worse on that. So that is why Albus stats that he only killed Grindelwald was killed because he was a dark lord. Even if the two planned to control the world together. He presents himself of the greater good but it is only his good that he wants no one else's. He is not who everyone thinks he is. Be careful of him my dear. Also he is known being a master of Occlumency. Or he is able to read your mind. So never look him in the eye." SHe was surprised but trusted Harry. She nodded before noticing the train was rumbling. It seemed it was time to move on to Hogwarts. The two noticed that families were now waving and saying goodbye. Even the Grangers were waving to were they were since. Harry made it disappear for a second so she could wave goodbye. Once they were out of the station and speeding towards Hogwarts. He put the charm back up and hid them again from people. He let Dredd out of his spot of skin and soon the three of them were relaxing and waiting around. The door Harry made was see through so they could see what was happening on the train in the corridor. Harry almost laughed at what he saw a few times. It was the youngest of the red haired family he seemed to be searching for something or someone. The next person he saw was a blonde haired boy who almost had a ferret features. He had his hair slicked back in attempt to show his status Harry guessed. There was one girl who seemed to him to know they were hidden away there for she stopped at the door. She glared at it almost as if she was glaring at him. Harry had to admit she was a beautiful young lady. While some his age would avoid women since they thought of them as ugly or had some kind of disease. Due to his training and the sex/ life lessons he received from his mom. He could tell and appreciate the beauty of each women as they went by him. There was a girl that had pink hair he saw earlier that made him blush abit. He did notice that she had his talent as well. to be able to change things about her since right before she got the train, she changed to black hair and unnoticeable features as if she was hiding who she was. He wasn't sure why but will find out. Back to the blonde girl in front of the door. She was a bit tall for their age she was about 5 foot in height. She was already developing her features. Her hair was even whiter than the ferret's boy. She had beautiful a pale blue eyes that had a very dark blue ring around the cheeks were very angled with higher set cheekbones. She did have the small signs of baby fat that some have at their age but very little. Her lips were plump, while her ears had a slight tip to them. Harry found her very beautiful. Then he noticed the crest on her front. It was the Greengrass arms. He knew this was his other Betrothed Daphne Lily GreenGrass. He waved a hand and soon the girls surprise she could see inside and saw Harry and Hermione. She saw the potter ring on his hand so she knew who was and soon opened the door. Soon as she shut the door Harry sealed it again. Daphne was surprised by the magic seen since it was a fifth year spell. She looked to Harry and spoke with a grace belonging to a court."Lord Potter, it is a honor to meet name is Daphne Lily Greengrass. Presumptive heiress to the Greengrass family name. I am here to introduce my self and to offer a token of acceptance of the Greengrass family. With that being said she produced two things a letter or something of that kind. The other was a dagger one of the Greengrass specialty. They were weapon smiths that were near par with the goblins. Harry knew what to do, thanks to the training with Morgana. Who showed him the ways the Greengrasses always do to fulfill any contracts. He conjures a table, ignoring the gasps from both girls. He then puts the contract on the table opened the letter. Using the dagger to unlock the magic sealing it. He then use the dagger to cut his hand. Letting the blood fall to the paper. This in turn revealed what was put to paper. It was the original contract it seemed or their copy of the betrothal contract. He smiled and nodded before explaining the situation to Hermione who was horrified and confused as to what she just witnessed. "Hermione before your brain jumps to conclusions, remember I told your parents you were not the only one I was betrothed to. Heiress Daphne here was just completing the magical contract. I did misspoke when I said who penned the contract. The contract was never really for me except my uncle. Who is in sprion where he is unable to have kids so the contracted passed onto me. Though he was imprisoned without a trial te goblins and the head of DMLE are figuring that out at the reasons for that. She did declare him innocent and sent him to the magical hospital to recover from the prison. Daphne will recognize the name. His name is Sirius Orion Black." He turned to Daphne and told her the truth." I am also the head of 10 other families besides potter and as you know Heir to the black family. My full name is Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon and Evans." The girls both gaspe at this since well Hermione realized that Harry will be head of 12 houses. Who knows the contracts he has inherited. He did say only two but you never know. The fact his uncle who was in prison is the one who made the contract. The same with Daphne she thought she was the only one to him with a contract. She also realized that Harry is the true KING to the United kingdom as a whole. She bowed deeply with a knee to the floor, and said to him."I am sorry for such disrespect I showed to you my Highness." She stopped when she felt a hand on her shoulder. She looked into Harry's eyes and told her."Daphne Lily Greengrass there is nothing wrong in what you presented. You did not know so there is no reason for the disrespect. Also I am asking you to keep this quiet. I don't need more titles than what most people call me. Which is of course the BOY-WHO-LIVED." He helped her stand and motioned for her to take a seat she seemed hesitant to do so. She asked in a tremble."May I go get two of my friends? I was sitting with them and stopped when I noticed the charm." Harry smiled and nodded yes. She soon tore out of the room to head to get her best friend Tracey Davis and older girl who offered to sit with them. She was a daughter of their parents friends. Her name was Nymphadora Tonks, who was only two years their senior. She quickly explained they were changing charriages. To hang out with her Betrothed and that was all the two other girls needed. They packed their trunks and soon were near the entrance. Harry unlocked the door and soon the three girls were inside and Tracey was blushing madly. Due to her fantasizing about Harry thanks to the books that were out. Soon as she came in the door Nymphadora was saying."Now before they say anything you can call me Dora or Tonks. My real name is Nymphadora and I really hate that name. If you wanted to know I am a Hufflepuff. though the sorting almost put me in Ravenclaw. I found out last summer the reason why. My IQ is near 150 just above that Hawkings fellow." Harry smiled and asked her simply. Is that why you also change your appearance from your natural one because you hate your natural beauty. You may hide it being a Metamorphmagus. Yet remember if someone can't accept you for who you are they are not worth your time. Please Nymphadora there is no reason to hide who you are we will accept you all the same." Sure enough this seemed to surprise the girl. She almost pristled by the full name but realized that he was right. She changed her looks back into her natural looks. Her hair was as white as Hedwig was there was traces of some colors in the hair but it added to her beauty. Her natural pale white skin was seen. She was almost albino if you didn't account for the freckles on her face. Her eyes turned an almost orange with hints of red in them. She seemed uncomfortable but was calming down a bit. She saw that the girls were staring but with smiles in their eyes. Harry was blushing a bit and then she remembered why. She may only be fourteen, since her birthday was only a couple days ago. But she was well endowed for her age. Her chest was already 34 E cup. Which caused lots of unwanted attention by her class so she hid them from a b to maybe a c cup size. Harry then looked her in the eyes and smiled his crooked smile. She soon felt her heartbeat pick up and some color go to her pale cheeks. He looked to Tracey and bursted her and Daphne's bubble of who he was. He told them his history the same as he told the grangers and that he was not a normal wizard he found out. He brought out Dreadnought. He explained that the staff was only for emergencies and ot for public use unless necessary or need of it. Everyone was amazed and a bit scared of the staff. Since the staff glowed with a eary glow from the creatures eyes. He explained why by showing them the stone that was creating the light. No one recognized it except for Hermione who read the books. Which were a true tale just not as long of a story as they say it was. The first book was only like three weeks and the war did not happen. The other three books were only about a month later when the companions tracked down the ring and got it destroyed which in terms brought about the red sea. Though the Arkenstone was lost after a few hundred years once again. He also explained that he had gotten some help from his family through the rings and they showed him a place where magic would not be detected though since he was emancipated and a lord the trace was done from him as well. He also explained that Dumbledore had gone against his parents will and tried to make a contract between him and Ginevra Weasley. Since at the time he just went under emancipation the contract was void not even three minutes later. He also explained how he called the goblin king of England as his brother. Which in turn got him as friend and family of the nation. He did explain his families and all the names he has now. He did have to stop the girls from acting as Daphne did. He hates titles and asked them to call him Harry since they were friends and family in a way since tonks was a ex Black and Tracey was almost a sister to Daphne. So he was the safest person in the world. The girls were curious about a couple titles. Tonks was the first to ask." What is the family of Dracul and Le-fey? I thought Morgana Le-fey was the last of her line and also a Dark Maiden? Also are you the Heir to Hogwarts since you have all the names as well?" Harry smiled before feeling the slithering of Dredd in his shirt."I will explain in a second. Though First I want you to meet my first Familiar the second was of course Hedwig. My first was Dredd who is a snake If you react badly he will as well. So just becalm he won't hurt you."Sure enough the snake crawled out and soon slithered to Hermione before tasting the others on the air and nodded before relaxing. In which Hermione ran her hand along the snake and rubbed under his chin. The girls relaxed seeing he was friendly before looking to Harry to continue. "Now the Hogwarts lines are fastest. The slytherin and Gryffindor lines are from the same line just split. They also were twins known as Salazar and Godric. Their parents were half siblings. One of Arthur Pendragon with his sister Morgana Le-fey. Also the twins married Helga and Rowena. Salazar and Helga had three children who became the Peverell's they later also became different families. They were written about in the Beetle and the Bard book. They were better known as the Perverell brothers. The first brother became the Dracul after he came the First Vampire after a fight."He let that sink in their shocked minds before continuing his explanation. "The next after a failed family of being Squibs they changed their names to Evens. The last of the brothers split and the Pervell line died while the other became the Potters. She was also not dark in some terms but others yes. She fought for the rights of the goblins and other magical creatures it is her that the goblins became our bankers. Also Nymphadora your uncle is my Godfather by ritual and is now in St. Mungo's after being declared Innocent by the head of DMLE. He was also somehow the head of the family even after being casted out as a teenager." Tonks frowned at that and explained."He never was actually cast out, my mother was though, because she didn't marry a pureblood but a first generation. He only had in fact only ran away from the black family. Also shouldn't most of those lines then only be as Le-fey and Pendragon or am I missing something there?" Harry shrugged and said simply."From what the goblins told me the Families just registered that way because of the magic they used at the time. So who am I to judge it. I hate it knowing I am technically the king of Britain both Magical and non-mag at the same time. I only wanted to be just Harry James Potter. Then again nothing ever goes the way we want it to." Tonks looked at a watch on her wrist and told Harry."If you want some food or anything from the trolly on here you might want to unseal the room so she can sell it to us."Harry nodded and sure enough not even 40 seconds later a older witch came up with a trolly and asked them all."Anything from the trolly dears." They looked to Harry and he smiled before pulling out ten galleons from his pocket."We will take a bit of everything."The Lady was wide eyed and mentioned simply."That amount you have enough for you five to get the whole trolly till the end of your schooling deary." He smiled but nodded all the same. She accepted it and asked their names so no reason for her to ask later. They all told her and she was shocked by his but shrugged sicne she could keep a secret. She soon walked away to get a new cart for the rest of the train. The five of them were soon having fun. Harry Had gotten a chocolate frog with Albus Dumbledore and a little tidbit about his work with a man name Nicholas Flamel. making a Philosopher's stone. He filled it away just incase, considering he never forgot anything anyways. He watched as the girls all now were enjoying each other even Dredd was lounging amongst them enjoying all the petting he was receiving. He hissed to Harry."§You better be keeping these friends of yours I like them. They are all nice and have a good soul in them.§" Harry even hissed back to the snake surprising everyone."§Oh I know, I feel drawn to Tonks a bit, and Tracey seems to be a good friend and close to Daphne. I'll have ask about that later.§" He noticed the two were holding hands since they sat together. They did have a look between the two when they thought no one was looking. He smiled since he accepted that the two were maybe bi or had experimented with each other. After a while a voice was heard in the cabin."Attention students the train will be stopping in 10 minutes please change into your robes. Please change into robes First years will wait on the end of platform for their transportation to the castle. Hagrid will find you at the end of the platform." Harry conjured up a separator between them. He quickly put on his robes he waited till he heard quietly from Daphne."You can come out Harry." He dropped the separator and smiled as he saw everyone was dressed up. He was shocked when both Hermione and Daphne gave him a kiss on the cheek he did blush a bit though. Hermione was the first to answer the silent question."That was for being a gentlemen and not peaking when you could of peaked. We can tell you didn't since no one sensed any magic. Plus the Barrier was black so impossible to see through." Harry nodded and kissed them both back."I thank you both, wonderful ladies to grace me a humble man such a gift as a kiss." This caused all girls to blush and tonks to mutter."I knew I should of gave him a kiss to. Tracey seemed to agree. Even if she was broken from her hero worship. Harry soon applied some Make up to his forehead hiding the scar so one one would be disrespectful or hero worship him so quickly. Tonks did give everyone a run down of all the teachers and their behaviors. Also gave them a warning about the Professor known as Severus Snape who was a reformed death eater. Also the Headmistress was Professor McGonagall she followed what ever Dumbledore decided and was head of the Gryffindor house They all had agreed to ask to be in Ravenclaw since they all wanted to be together Tonks was upset by not being in Hufflepuff. Yet Harry gave her a very good reason. That way since both me and Hermione have perfect recall it ain't questioned. While both Tracey and Daphne are smarter than most our age. I also believe this will stop the old meddlers plans a bit since I won't be in the golden house. He has plans for me according to the goblins and they want me to stay away from him as much as possible. Also keeps everyone away from his pet snake and lion." That seemed to be accepted by Tonks and everyone soon got off the train. Putting their stuff with the rest besides Hedwig who flew to the castle on Harry's word. He knew she would come for breakfast Since she wanted bacon for being forced to leave him. Harry didn't realize she would come down every chance she could for the bacon and see her partner. They all soon headed to where they needed to go. Tonks to the carriages with a wave over her shoulders and the four first years followed the rest to where the half giant was waiting for them.
As the five got close to the half giant he saw Harry but really didn't connect the dots. Showing he wasn't the brightest. He said or half shouted to them and the other 40ish so first years. "Please follow me everyone. Also only 4 per boat please since any more will destabilize the boats." The four quickly claimed a boat and were talking amongst themselves. But soon fell silent as they came upon a sight everyone got but still was amazing to see. There in front of them was Hogwarts with a giant full moon behind it. Sure some clouds were present. But that just made the sight even better. The castle was lite up in the all the windows. Harry figured it was also a way to impress the first gen and some of the lesser pruebloods. They noticed they were heading to a cave under the castle hidden away by hanging ivy and other plants. They noticed that a few kids were a bit scared. They decided to start laughing as if the sight was too amazing to witness. This had the desired effect and soon everyone was in better moods. Soon they were past the ivy and were in the cave which was bright inside and looked to be part of the castle it self the marble was old and the torches have it a sobering mood. Waiting at the docks was a rather older looking red haired witch. Harry remembered her to be professor McGonagall. He almost glared at her but remembered she was against him being there at his aunts and uncles. They all soon were lead up the bunch of stairs and were being watched it seemed by the paintings around them. She soon brought them to a big chamber and turned to them."I will be right back. Soon I'll escort you to be sorted into the houses here. Which are Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and finally Slytherin. Please be quiet you may talk to yourselves but be respectful to others." With that she strode from the room quickly to do whatever the sorting need to prepare for. The blonde ferret boy soon was speaking out loud." I hear Harry Potter is here somewhere? I bet that pompous boy will not show up. Since he thinks himself better than us. I know he is not here since there is no one with a lightning bolt scar. Knowing him he would want to be friends with only a true pruebloods. Not these filthy half and mudbloods." Harry was about to snap at the boy. Yet it seemed as if fate was on his side. It seemed as if the professor was able to come in without being noticed and heard his almost spat venom at him." Well in all my times as a professor I've never heard such disrespect or slanderous tongue from a young child. You have just landed in detention and lost your future house 100 points. Now then everyone come in we are all excited to see where you will be spending ur seven years." The throng of 11 and 12 year olds were soon walking through two giant double doors. Right down the middle of the four tables towards the teachers table it seemed. Before the table there was a stool with a ragged hat. The kids looked up and saw the open night sky. With hundreds of candles flaring to provide the light for the area it seemed. Soon as all the kids were in front of the hat. It began a little chant or maybe it was song. With the voice it had it was hard to tell. Oh, you may not think I'm pretty, But don't judge on what you see, I'll eat myself if you can find A smarter hat than me. You can keep your bowlers black, Your top hats sleek and tall, For I'm the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And I can cap them all. There's nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat can't see, So try me on and I will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart, Their daring, nerve and chivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, If you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin You'll make your real friends, Those cunning folk use any means To achieve their ends. So put me on! Don't be afraid! And don't get in a flap! You're in safe hands (though I have none) For I'm a Thinking Cap! Harry almost laughed at a silly song. Though it did highlight the thing the houses were known for in what they looked for in a wizard. It didn't really give warning to the paths a wizard may follow. Who knows he may have to change that in the future. The professor McGonagall was beside the hat with a scroll. Which he guessed contained the names of the 40ish kids there today. It seemed to go by last name as she called out." Hannah Abbott." The girl in question soon went to the stool and sat down. In which the hat seemed to have a conversation with the young witch before Yelling out loud to the school."Hufflepuff." Hannah soon went to the table that had the Hufflepuff banner hear it. She was soon being welcomed to the house with gusto. The names went on till the G's that is were Harry paid attention. Since Tracey was welcomed in Ravenclaw with no problems. McGonagall soon called out for Hermione. The hat sat there for a while. Longer than most other times by double. It cleary was having a hard time placing the young witch. Though it seemed to get the Idea."Ravenclaw." In which she rushed to the table and hugged the Davis girl. Then said thanks to the people who welcomed her to the house. After her was Daphne it seemed. Soon the hat was placed on her head it sent a wink to Harry and called out."Ravenclaw." After about fifteen or so names The professor looked at the kids confused since she didn't see the boy, but still called out his name." Harry Potter." The entire castle went quite waiting to see the boy. Harry let them stew for a second or two before she called out."Harry Potter come up here now if you are here." He noticed the old meddler was browsing the group still left and had a very weird twinkle in his eye. Harry finally sighed before walking up to the stool muttering to himself."So now I'm here where three people left me on the doorstep in the cold in November. To a place where I was forced to be a slave to my family. Such a good thing for your so called savior of the magical world. I should curse you all to hell and back. Know this I REMEMBER EVERYTHING MINERVA."The last part was hissed to her almost in Parseltongue. This seemed to shake McGonagall to her core she went pale. Before she placed the hat on his head. She was very worried about what the boy said but yet she knew she was at least part to blame like he said. The Hat soon was very vocal yet hushed so only Harry could hear him even with the Professor so close.' if you may drop your mind walls so I can sort you that be dandy.'Harry smiled before whispering.'I am immune to that dear old Dante. I am the lord Hogwarts so please send me to Ravenclaw or be stripped of Hogwarts and turned into a normal hat.' The hat was surprised and mumbled to the boy since he hated being told what to do by anyone. Dante knew that the boy knew his name so he was of founders blood. 'The old headmaster wants you in Gryffindor. Though he does not control such things as much as he think he does. I believe one's loyalty and knowledge such as yours deserves to only be in. The castle and those who are loyal to her welcome you back my lord. I can feel all four houses in your veins. Now it is time for you to go to. RAVENCLAW!" The entire school was shocked into silence. A Potter not in Gryffindor. this was unheard of in any of Hogwarts history since the founding of the family at least. The Ravenclaw table was soon recovering and soon were cheering very loudly. The cheering too seemed to make the castle quake a bit. It was more Hogwarts was welcoming home her true owner and family. Which showed to Harry that Dante was correct. The rest of the sorting happened with two more shocks into it. First the Ferret boy who thought he would be a Slytherin. Then somehow he ended up in Gryffindor. While the Weasley boy ended up in Slytherin this did not sit well with the boy who yelled at the hat and tried to tear it apart it seemed. Which again for a Weasley was unheard of since they were such a light family why be sorted into a den of snakes. Well time will reveal all plans and such since nothing was hidden from Hogwarts while in her halls. Some of the Professors seemed to be upset by the sorting the most it seemed was of the Headmaster. He looked as if he was sucking on a lemon or something even more sour than that. The next was a man Harry recognized from the Zoo it was Snape. He was frowning but on seeing Harry's green eyes he flinched rather badly. There was a past there that Morgana did explain. Harry knew he would have to talk to the teacher before classes and people set his mind to something he is not. The headmaster soon stood up and spoke up."To the first years and returning students I welcome you to Hogwarts. I will also be telling you that the Forbidden Forest is as it states Forbidden to all students." With that he looked to two boys at the Gryffindor table. Who only smiled and waved at the old meddler. Showing they heard him but more than likely will ignore the rule." The next is that the corridor on the left of the third floor is out of bounds. Unless the person wants to die a painful and meaningless death. Now tuck in and enjoy the feast. Tipy, Biby Spunky." The man finished with a wave of his hands and soon the tables were filled with food. Harry knew the old meddler was off his rocker but this just proved it to him. He soon watched as there was an abundance of food in front of him. Thankfully being with Morgana for so long didn't make him the starved child, he was near his birthday and he ate calmly. Though he did enjoy some of the food more than others. The four friends soon made some more with the few that joined them and some of the others in the house. There was a girl named Penelope clearwater wearing a badge with a P on it. She seemed important and moved to them and started talking about the school and house as they ate. Letting them know the other rules of the house beside Hogwarts own rules as well. She gave them a warning about the ghosts before they showed up. As if on cue, sure enough the ghosts arrived. This seemed to scare some of the first gen Witches and Wizards. Well only the ones that it seemed did not bother to read the Book. 'Hogwarts A History'. Even the grey lady Helena Ravenclaw came to the feast she saw Harry and smiled at him before coming closer. This was something most have never seen before since she is mostly hidden away or flees from them. Yet she smiles at Harry then sits at the table as if she is alive. Again shocking to say the least, this showed interesting times were head for the school. After the end of the meal the Meddler stood up again and told everyone."Everyone off to bed now chop chop. Also I forgot to mention there is a list of forbidden Zonko's items on the door in Mr. Filch's office, I believe the number is 384 or more. So now Perfects please escort the students to their houses. We all need a good rest after what an eventful day. Tomorrow at Breakfast you will receive your class schedules for the year. Now goodnight and sleep well my students." He soon left through a different door from the students. The perfects waited till most of the students had left before telling their own first years to follow them. The raven claws were soon heading up some stairs to the second floor and the stairs soon moved. to accommodate them. Penelope explained the stairs and where the classrooms were from their dorms. She even passed out a mini map to each of the school with pathways to each classroom shown. When asked about them she told them the truth."Actually we should thank Mr. Potter here. Or rather his mother it seems in her last year at Hogwarts she handed out 200 hundred of these to the professors and asked them to give them to the students in the coming years. Though it seems most of the other house do not use them as there is always someone late besides us." Harry was surprised by this discovery, Then again after discovering that his dad and three friends made the Marauders map and it showed everyone on the map it. Since it was tied into the wards directly it showed everyone, even those that were hiding from others. It was safe to say Lily did the same not for pranking but so kids could find their way through the castle till they didn't need it anymore. The girls that knew Harry smiled and was glad he had something from his mother besides his eyes. He held the map as if it was almost a life line though. Harry knew Hogwarts would also help him discover what was needed to and help him find his way around or to keep him safe. Everyone that was a first year was also surprised the common room has its own library. One that was connected to the school one and that they write the name or subject on a topic they want to study and some books will appear on the bookshelf. Harry looked to Hermione and almost laughed at her. She was so close to drooling it wasn't even funny. Though soon they were directed to bed since it was already near 11pm. It seemed that everyone actually had their own rooms. There was no shared sleeping areas ulike the Gryffindor tower. Unless the two were married since it has happened before. There was once again a lot of bangs and such coming from the Meddlers office. As he was once again firing off spells like a mad man. Again breaking a lot of things he should keep in one piece. The hat known to Harry as Dante was sitting on the desk laughing at the old man for his behavior. Albus has tried to destroy the hat a few times over the years but hasn't even found a way to do so. Since there so much enchantments and wards on the hat it was impossible. Hogwarts protected the hat no matter what Albus did to the wards, which infuriated him even more. The Hat finally stopped laughing and asked the meddler."Awe what's wrong Mr. Whiskers sir? Did things get messed up for you and your plans? Remember it is not my fault, I only send them where they would succeed the most. You can blame the founders on this blunder in your meddling plans." With that he looked to the door since he could feel someone coming. Albus Dumbledore soon turned to the hat and was about to unleash his Fiendfyre on the hat. When Professor McGonagall came through the door. Seeing his office in a tussle was confused and asked."What in the bloody blazes happened in here Albus? It looks as if there was a mini war in here. Why is the hat laughing." Albus presenting a now calm front responded."It was a mere spell I was thinking about been trying to work the kinks out of and as you can guessed backfired royally. For the hat I have no idea he like to bug me at times when we are alone in here. Now how may I help you this evening Minerva?" His eyes were sparkling like normal when he wanted to get people to tell him things. She didn't know if now was the best time to tell him since he was just in a rage. She sighed before turning away. Besides she already messed up once with harry."Sorry it is nothing actually. Just something a person said to me that made no sense is all. Sorry to have disturbed you. I will be go now, have a good night Albus and please keep the damage to a minimum." With that she walked out of the room. Now leaving a bit of a puzzle to the meddler and herself both asking a question."What was she going to tell me?/Why didn't I tell him about what potter said." They figured they would ask in the morning since they need to sleep. As both needed get ready for the year and the troubles that may happen even mundane ones. Though one planned for some serious ones and hoped a certain boy would take the bait. Early the next morning even before the sun was up Harry was out of the castle and doing some basic exercising. He fell into the habit with Morgana in the tower mind you he did a lot more here than on the Island. That was understandable since the top of the tower was not that big maybe only a half of a quidditch pitch. After about three hours of his work out he headed back to his dorm room to shower and get ready for the day. He soon was dressed in his robes and headed downstairs. Seeing as it was still early he noticed only most of Ravenclaw and some of the other houses were there in the great hall. His four friends were there in the hall already. He noticed the Ravenclaw girls didn't notice him yet but Tonks did. She waved at him and he smiled before beelining it to her. He sat across from her and soon piled on the food. She noticed this and was curious."I've been working out this summer and decided to continue this while here, is all." She shrugged and told him."Maybe I will join you one day. What time do you start and where to meet you?" Harry have her a smirk like the goblins do. Which caused her to shiver before replying."I start at 4:30 in the morning and go till 7 am. Besides sunday and thursday." He watched as she paled considerably at the thought of such a early start to her day. They were interrupted by a voice behind him."What are you doing at the Hufflepuff table Mr. Potter? I believe your table is the next one over? I will ask you to move before I remove 10 points." Before Harry responded it seems his head of House. The half goblin known as Filius Flitwick spoke up."Not before I add 20 to each to Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff for house unity. Besides there is nothing wrong with this since it is only mandatory for them to be at their own tables for three feasts. That was the the sorting, Halloween and end of the year feast." This caused Snape to frown before walking away with a flourish of his cape. Harry looked to his head of house and asked him."I do have a question about Halloween feast. That is a hard time for me since I found out my parents were killed that day by Voldemort. May I be able to skip the feast? Since I doubt I will be in very good mood to celebrate that holiday." Filius looked at the boy with a sad look in his eyes before nodding."Of course Harry and if you ever want to talk about your mother. Let me know she was one of my favorite students. She was considered the brightest witch of her age. I miss her dearly, my door is always open to you Harry. Like it is open to all students not just Ravenclaw." He soon walked away after passing his schedule to him while talking. After the teacher left the other three girls soon joined him at the table. Soon were talking about what just happened and Tonks told the girls about his early training in which most of the girls blanched thinking about how he must be crazy. They soon were talking about the future classes they had starting today it seemed and considering they were Ravenclaw they had their bags filled already for every class of the week. Hermione even went a step further and had some notes from the previous grade thanks to them sharing notes in helping them study. Harry looked to the head table and noticed that the meddler was staring only at him. His eyes never moved from him. Unless was asked a direct question. He looked to the headmistress and saw she looked to him and a tear fell from her eye. He raised a eyebrow and then noticed the girls were getting ready to leave even if their first class which ironically was a double of transfiguration. Wasn't to start for another hour. They wanted to get good spots it seemed and start reading the book for the class. They headed to the class room and soon as the door was shut HArry asked them if they knew the spells needed for the class yet. The three girls all shook their heads no before looking downcast. Harry smiled before telling them it how to do the spell and the motions for it as well. Which was simple they only had to imagine them turning the matchbox he saw on the desks into needles which to most first years it was harder than they thought. Most only think about the needle and push their magic into the spell. Which it might work if they were strong enough. It is actually using magic fueled by the imagination of the caster that it will work the best. The girls set out to practice. Within maybe a 10 minute period they all had performed the spell to the point it was perfect. Again kids imaginations are the best since they are still wild and willing to see more than adults. The four kids did not notice that a Maine Coon cat had slipped into the clas and was proud of the kids. This cat also seemed to notice that Harry was different than most other kids his age while yes he had good sense of magic he seemed to have the ability to teach others well. It was noticeable in the way Harry told them the spell was used. AS the girls focused on that she watched with wide eyes as Harry was doing. He summoned some smoke from his wand before turning them into daggers. Which were sent into the wall before turning to smoke. She had only one thought as she sat on her desk."Who and what are you Harry Potter.?.?"
After the first lesson in which had the Slytherin in transfiguration. In which a certain red head was late for class. Which would of been accepted if he did not insult the teacher at the same time. Who was actually in the class as the Maine Coon which harry frowned since he knew she saw the smoke to dagger spell. He wasn't expecting that she was a Animagus. Which got the house points reduced by 50 on the first day. Mind you it was not as bad as Malfoy it seemed but still he was being glared at by the other four from Slytherin. After the class Professor called to Harry."Mr. Potter may you please stay for a few minutes before lunch? I feel we have much to discuss between the two of us." Harry nodded with a hint of a glare. He turned and looked to the girls who knew to wait for him near the doors to the Great Hall. Harry flicked his wand and every portrait froze and a silencing charm was thrown up for privacy. He turned back to the old women and frowned be for saying to her."What does a kidnapper and someone who leaves a baby on the steps on the house in the cold want to say to me? As I feel there is nothing between us I would rather avoid anything like this situation. Also I am not just Mr. Potter. I am LORD Potter, it would be wise to remember that for the future." He soon watched as she went through a few emotions. Even as schooled as she is with her emotions. She still seemed to have some weakness it seems."Har-Sorry Lord Potter, had I known that Dumbledore Kidnapped you as you say. I know this i not an excuse but he reassured me every couple months when I asked if you were doing well. He said that you were being raised as loving as could be. I told him not to leave you there. I did not know about you being treated as a slave. I wish I could go back and should of checked on you. Though I do recall telling Albus. . NO!.!.! That is not possible is it? Did that bloody old man really do that me?" With it she looked at Harry who was still glaring and frowning at her. Harry simply mock."What did the great headmistress realize her leader of the light was a bastard who left a baby on the steps where anyone could find him. In the the cold where I found the temperature records they were only around 8 degrees that night and was raining in the morning. So tell me, what "Leader of the Light" does that to a 15 month old baby. Who a man who has no regards to people and only thinks of his own plans. Before I took up my titles I was covered in cuts and burns because something Magical happened." He paused to gain some breath to keep tearing her a new one. "I lived in a cupboard under the stairs. That was till I left the day after my birthday when Hagrid took me away to do my shopping. I have been tempted as a Noble and Most Ancient House. In my rights to call a blood Feud against both you and Albus. Hagrid is safe since he hero worships the meddler. Now tell me now what you think of me and your leader. If I don't like the answer expect a blood feud to be issued by the end of the day. Remember I was awake and heard and saw everything. I remember it all professor." By the end of his of his speech his magic was pouring out of him causing him to lift off the ground a bit and the elements to float around him. What scared the teacher the most was his mother's eyes now shifted. They were still green just were glowing and shifted almost to a snakes eyes. They sucked her in and held her in their grasp. She finally forced herself to look away with tear filled eyes. Before pulling her wand out since there was only one way out she saw."I Minerva Catriona McGonagall, swear on my life and magic. That I did not know he kidnapped you. I also was going to check on you multiply times with Madam Pomfrey to see your health and happiness. I did wanna check on you but since Dumbledore became the guardian of where you were living I needed the address and then after every time I asked. It seems he Obviate me into forgetting why I was there in the first place. I offer my allegiance to you Lord Potter. No longer can I work outside of these halls with that man. If I wasn't scared for the children I would quit right now. This is the truth so Mote be it." With that she flashed a white color and used her wand to send a Patronus that was a cat. Harry seemed conflicted of what to feel. He had a hatred to her since a kid. But now realized that the meddler has fucked with more than just him for his greater good. She did say she offered her allegiance which helped him in many ways. Especially if the Meddler does try anything to be done to her student or students. He walked up to her and grabbed her hand. "I do forgive you Minerva Catriona McGonagall. There was something about you being a unofficial godmother in my parents will. since Sirius Black and Athena Greengrass are my true godparents. Also i guess you can say I can never be within 100 feet of the headmaster since my parents had a restraining order placed against him. Both in the magical world and in the muggle world so if you see him come that close please inform Amelia Bones and Olvandi of the goblin nation a family friend and adopted brother of the potter family. I offer you the protection of all my families. Which will be told at a different time and place." She nodded before hugging the young lord in front of her."I swear I will protect you more and better than I have in the past. Now that I know what he has done. I will be careful as to what is said to the man. He will not go near you. I promise you that My Lord Potter. Now I believe we made those three wait a while so let's head to lunch. I believe you have flying after this with the Gryffindors. I will be watching my Lions from here so be yourself and show them. I figure you will have gotten your dads talent for flying since you have your mothers charms and transfiguration talents. Considering the smoke to daggers spell is a fifth year and you did like breathing." Harry smiled at her for the time since seeing her again after so many years and they both walked out of the office together. Although he did curse himself for using such a high level spell. Then again when he used the light spell it was almost like looking in the sun.. Harry wasn't shocked to see that instead of only the three girls there was Tonks there as well. He smiled before giving both Hermione and Daphne a kiss on the cheek. Which caused the other two to mutter about having no boyfriends. The five soon were eating now at the Ravenclaw table. Discussing what is to be coming up in the year. Harry looked to the table and noticed a bit of pain from his scar when he looked at the man beside Snape. This caused the girls a bit of worry for their friend. There was even a bit of worry on Snapes face as he seemed to connect the two almost. He then resumed his glare and focused on the man beside him. Though you could almost see the wheels in the man's head. Tonks saw where Harry was looking and told them all."He is Professor Quirrell, till this year he taught muggle studies. Then after a trip to Romania, the Meddler as you call him. Gave him the cursed position of the DADA Teacher. Since 1981 no one has been a teacher there for longer than a year. He may be a stuttering mess. He does know his stuff. Though I remember until this year he never wore a Turban. He says he hides garlic in the Tuban to keep certain vampire he made mad, keep away from him." This shook Harry since now knew what the dumbass was. He was a possessed by Voldemort's shade he could feel his Horcrux acting to the man and Morgana explained that might happen. Harry decided to remind them about the fable garlic trick."I thought in the book of monsters for fifth years Garlic was an aphrodisiac to vampires. Which would make them go on a sexual spree. There must be something else under that Turban than that wouldn't you think.?" Tonks went wide eyed and passed it along to other students who were older and had learned more. She passed the knowledge to the others and they all decided to keep a eye on the man. After lunch the Ravenclaws and Gryffindors first years. Were soon heading down to a lawn for their flying class. It is near the castle in case anything happened. Madam Hooch was a medium height wizard and was a bit chunky. Though she acted as harsh as any teachers. She told them that they would have to try to get their brooms up with only the command. Harry was the first one to do this. This almost showed he had natural talent. He noticed a few people struggling as the brooms only bounced around a bit. He looked to those around him and told the people who were having trouble with their brooms. "The brooms can sense you are scared and will not respond be forceful and force the fear down. They are like wands in a way just more picky. They will only allow the brave and maybe foolhardy to ride them." Madam Hooch was impressed by this and said out loud."Ten points to Ravenclaw for showing other students the way of the broom with proper instruction." Sure enough all but three didn't come up one was Malfoy who was getting angry and almost turning as red a angry Weasley. Especially when Madam Hooch came up and corrected him on everything he was doing. It seems he was taught wrong by his father. This off course mad the boy even more mad, he looked ready to explode actually. She told the three to just pick the brooms up and then mounted the brooms. She explained the next instruction and before anyone could act a gryffindors broom took off like a bat out of hell. It flew in random patterns bashing into anything and everything it could. Then somehow the boy go hung up on a torch setting 30 feet above the ground. Harry saw the danger and waved a hand before whispering.'Molliere' which put a magical cushion under the boy so when he fell he bounced and didn't get hurt to badly besides the broken wrist from when the broom went wild. Madam hooch soon took him to the hospital wing. Making sure he didn't move his hand by putting it in a brace . Threatening who ever gets on their broom will be expelled. Son as she was gone Malfoy was holding something before taking off in a broom saying how he would leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find. Harry who hated bullies soon was on his broom in the air. As he drew close to Malfoy Harry noticed where he was throwing would break through McGonagall's window. He used his natural Potter talent of being a master of flying and soon made a perfect catch while doing a a turn so his back was to the window. He then did a spin around on the broom. All the while catching the ball, he sighed in relief it wasn't broken. That was till a banging on the window. That just reminded him exactly in front of who's window did he just catch it in front office She motioned for him to get down, though she had a bit of smile on her face. He soon was on the ground and everyone but Malfoy ran over to congrats him on a wicked catch then. The professor's voice was heard loudly."Harry Potter and Draco Malfoy come with me please." Malfoy seemed shocked he was getting in trouble since he was on the ground before any of the teachers should of noticed. Soon as they drew near she told them both. "I know Madam Hooch was not there so there is 25 points taken from both of you for not following directions. While you Mr. Malfoy have lost yet another 100 points for stealing and attempting to break another student's property. While endangering yet another student. You will also have detention with Mr. Filch for a week. Now Potter come with me now please." As the two walked down towards her office she sent off two Patronuses one for What he assumed was for Flitwick and the other he prayed was not for Madam hooch. She saw the worry in his face and told him."No I ain't telling Madam Hooch about this little amazing first flight for you. The first was to your head of house, the second was too a seventh year in your house he is the Captain of your Quidditch team. His name is Roger Davies, a good lad and once he sees your talent on a broom. I think even my house team will lose sorry to say. I hope you play I want Slytherin to lose badly this year.. We are going in my office for now. I should inform you that in hogwarts we have never had a first year playing since it is deemed to dangerous but knowing your potter blood that won't be a problem." The two waited for the others to come it seems Flitwick got the entire team out of class to meet their new seeker. He was also curious as to who he was since there no one in second year that seemed interested in the sport they were known for their brains not their talent in sports. It seemed the entire team came in together to set up a united front. When they first came in the door they were shocked and almost laughing at the first year and was wondering if it was a joke by the deputy headmistress. That was until Filius came in with a big grin as he saw the boy and exclaimed."Ahh I see the young Potter has the talent of mastery of flying that his family was known for." This sombered up the team as James Potter's years on the broom were legendary. Even for the non seeker players. Roger came up and presented a hand and told Harry."We will have to see how you are on a broom. WE will put you through the paces. Now I am the Captain the Keeper." He started to motion to the rest of the team."This is Nicolas Ridgeinor, Alice Bertenty and mitchell Longstride. They are the chasers. Now to save your ass and all of ours are these two. William Hearthstone and Brian Blode they are the beaters of the team. You are lucky like the Gryffindor team we lost our seeker since last year was his last year. Now have your seen Quidditch or read anything about it." Harry smirked and told them."With a Nimbus 2000 and a private Pitch At my manor I finally got to see after living with non-mag for almost 10 years till my last birthday. Can you blame me for practicing the sport. It is in a sense in my blood since I noticed you all reacted to my last name. Now since then I am guessing you heard about how good my father was." This of course got nods from everyone about his father but they were curious as to how he got the broom. He smiled and opened his pocket before pulling out the broom and unshrinking it showing everyone he had a true one, and was ready to go to be a seeker. The teachers were shocked he managed to get it snuck into the castle as if he knew this would happen. The two professors just shook their heads and dismissed them. Considering they had to still figure out the true enigma of who exactly is Harry Potter. Though they knew that the year was in for a bunch of twists and turns. More so than has been seen since James and his band of friends. Harry was heading to his final class of the day a potions class. He had heard of course about Snape's treatment from some of the other students during lunch. He was curious as to how the man would act as a teacher. It turned out the potions class was a double and it seemed that it was with the Slytherin's once again. Harry watched as the the ginger boy was making a fool of himself as they waited for their teacher. There was a giant bang as the door to the office of the Potions classroom. "There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science of the potion making. However, for those of you who possess the pre-disposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses; I can tell you how to brew glory ,bottle fame, and even put a stopper in death. Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel comfortable enough to not pay attention..." He had locked eyes with Harry and his eye widen as he saw the color of his eyes. Snape seemed to recover and growled out."Well... It seems we have our own celebrity here today. It is Mr. Potter." He had to stop as it seemed harry frowned and summoned some magic. This seem to like many other times made his killing curse green eyes glow then became slited. This made the Professor back off a bit before asking his hazing questions that Slytherins were taught as soon as they had their class."What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood?" Harry smiled before returning the Question? "While asking me a fifth year potions question. I believe that set of ingredients along with a few others would create the Draught of Living Death." Snape was a bit shocked the boy could know that since he saw him at the Zoo only three months ago. He glared a bit before asking Harry."Now then where would I find a Bezoar?" Harry smiled before responding. Well if I was a smart ass I would say Albus dumbledore's stomach. Though most are found in the stomach in a goat. Huh i guess saying Albus would have one as well fits." Snape was even more shocked and a little impressed. First this 11 year old would insult the headmaster. Then explain the insult, which even he couldn't take points for that. He actually wanted to reward the boy for the insult. He may be indebted to the man but he also hated the man to his core. He ask the final hazing question. What is the difference between Monkshood and wolfsbane?" Harry frowned at the insult of such a last question. He smiled before answering. Besides the name there is no difference. It also is called Aconite, The main catalyst for a flawed potion to help werewolves transform and prevent them from transferring the disease when biting. Now If someone used a combo of Belladonna and Wolfsbane, then maybe they would find a new potion that is not so flawed. Well from what my mother had put in her notes on potions. She said a great close friend she grew up with. Would want to try this and help her husbands brother." Snape was shocked that Lily had left harry a letter, him a book or something. She wanted him to help Remus their friendly werewolf. Mind you he was the nicest of the Marauders. He knew he had to act quickly and follow her wishes."Potter you have just lost 10 points for slanderous of a potion of the highest degree and will serve a detention with me tonight starting after class till supper." Harry nodded his head and soon the class began and to everyone's shock Snape actually made a effort to teach the class. He only handed out a few point reductions only because some people were attempting to sabotage or just failed in all terms. Half of the Slytherin class was caught trying to wreck the Ravenclaws potions. Showing a very red teacher at the end. At the end of the class there was a big boom heard like the the other three classes. This showed that classes were over for the day and now there was hour till supper. Harry of course stayed behind since he had detention to serve. He knew that the letter he had gotten from the goblins at the train station would help with the man and his behavior to him and maybe others. Snape just opened his door to his office. Harry smiled before heading into the room. He sat down at the chair in front of the desk. He reached into the desk and pulled out a letter and the book of her findings that could improve over 200 hundred potions. She was a master of charms sure but her true heart was in potions. The man quickly opened the letter that was sitting on the book first so to be read first. After about five minutes the man was shaking. Harry noticed the mans dark eyes were slowly becoming watery and so he waved his hand and conjured a box of tissues silently. He watched as the professor grabbed one without batting an eye. He dabbed his eyes and looked at the boy in front of him. He walked around the table and pulled the boy into his arms."I swear my life and magic to you. I will always be there to help you and keep you safe. As was asked of me as Honorary uncle to you." Now let's start figuring out what your mother has decided changed of the potions throughout history." Soon the two were planning Detentions and plans to try the potions which included the new potion for Remus and the other werewolves. There will be waves made soon spreading throughout the magical world.
After about a month of starting Hogwarts there was a few things going around already. One was the fact that Professor Snape made a 360 on students. He was marking fair and actually teaching not just leaving instructions or using the textbooks. Or the fact he was actively not favoring the Slytherin classes anymore. Next was the fact that Harry being the new seeker for Ravenclaw. Which no team has ever allowed first years on the teams. This gotten some glares from some of the other houses. But still a lot of the older kids heard of his skills on the broom and how he helped people enjoy the flying class even the ones scared of the heights. So all the head of houses had agreed to let him at least try out for the position. This of course reached the old meddlers ears and he was not the happiest of people. Of course the multiple Howler he got from Molly Weasley was harsh enough. That women could scream like a banshee when pissed off. There was so many things not going according to plan. He had tried reading the boys mind seeing if he knew anything about what was going on. Yet every time he tried he was hit with a white wall soon as he tried to do so. It was as if he was immune to any mind magic which is impossible even one of Dumbledore's status his wall could break down eventually. He did know about Voldemort was under the Turban and had a special plan for that but it seemed like Harry was not going to fall for that. Now that the blasted bloody boy had ended up in Ravenclaw. The entire plan for this year was falling apart. He noticed that a lot of the staff seemed a bit colder to him these days as well. Even his deputy was and she was the one most devoted to him. Well besides that fool Hagrid who was trying to hatch a egg for guarding the stone. If that failed then he would have to fall back to that blasted dog that fell asleep soon as some music was played. Meanwhile Harry was enjoying his time with the two women he will marry later thanks to come contracts. There was nothing extreme, just light kisses and the girls tried to get a rise out of him. Which seemed to work often and very easily since Harry had gotten a very detailed and explained version of the talk. All the while with Morgana showing him the womens body using her own for the talk. Plus it didn't help that they seemed to be a bit more mature and developed than the rest of their age. As they were having some alone time before supper at the lake. A owl soon disrupted those plans. It was from Hagrid. Dear Harry I am sorry we got split up from the day at the alley. I was wondering if you ant to come have some tea with me later today. hope you are well I have some stories about your parents if you want to hear them Signed Hagrid K.O.K.A.G.O.H. This intrigued Harry since there was only so much the teachers knew. Though before he could do much the girls realized that they need to hurry if they were going to have supper tonight. So the three left for the great Hall to eat. He soon though had a bad feeling about this for some reason. He stopped the girls were curious so waited with him before they moved off to the side. He wasn't shocked as they saw Malfoy waiting behind a column near the doors with his wand at the ready. Muttering about getting even with him. More than likely because of the flying lesson mishap it seemed. He was going to break some bones so he missed the game of the season as pay back. Harry smiled as he noticed that there was a door about 20 feet behind Malfoy. Which from talking to ghosts was a side entrance to the great hall. They snuck through that and soon were sitting at the table. Harry motioned for Roger to come over. After whispering in his ear and motioning to the two girls. Which Roger gave them a look and they nodded. Rogers smiled before going over to two of the gingers and whispered in their ears. In which the boys looked to harry and nodded and soon were leaving the wall. Harry raised a eyebrow and Roger mouthed to him."They are Pranksters of the highest order. They hate people who want to screw with Quidditch as well." The three nodded and soon were eating to wait and see what unfolded from the twins. About fifteen minutes later Malfoy came into the Great Hall. He was covered in what appeared to be a animated form of the Gryffindor Mascot. Which to the muggle borns understood and laughed at. There were a few purebloods only due to some friends who showed them those during the summer. The best part was when he went up to professor Hooch and started Saranading her. Which caused her to get so angry she banished him from her. This did not stop him he then went to every female professor and did the same. Eventually it seemed professor McGonagall had enough and knocked him out using a stinging hex right to the face. In doing so she made the entire student and mind you some of the teachers including Snape laugh at the boy. Most of the school was out of their seats from laughing so hard. The twins had managed to sneak back into the hall as everyone was falling to the floor. Some students had to stop laughing when they noticed that Snape was laughing. He seemed to be laughing the most out of the teachers. Some knew he was the god parent to Draco and were shocked, but then again not a lot could be done. When dragon was revived by Madam Pomfrey the school just gasped. The boy who thinks he own the school grabbed her and gave her a full kiss on the mouth. Then started to cry. Saying that no one loved him, and that he was a bad boy needing to be punished with some whips and chains. Would she punish him and make him a good boy again. Now every student didn't know what to do. Laugh or puke as to what they just heard. The twins were shocked at they were hearing as well. It seemed the rune for imagination and sex were not good together when put into a candy. It made everyone seem off their meal. Sure enough everyone was leaving the hall. Harry and the girls were glad they had eaten before the show began. The three soon left to go see Hagrid. Since they were curious as to what was going on and wondering why ask to see him. When he could in the great hall during a meal or any other time. So they had to kill the kid curiosity inside them. When they got there a loud barking was heard from inside followed by Hagrid yelling."DOWN FANG, FANG YOU BLOODY MUTT!.!" Sure enough the half giant opened the door. He seemed to be holding something back. The three students could feel the heat coming out of the place and soon was sweating. Even if they were still standing outside. He moved away from the door and the three kids came inside. Sure enough they saw a god that was bigger than them. He did though seemed friendly. It was shown when he jumped on harry who held the bloody dog up. He did get licked but not to badly. Harry did a bark and soon the dog sat down without a whine. Everyone was shocked from the fact the dog listened him. Harry smiled and shrugged before feeling more of the heat as he looked to the fireplace. There was a pot. There was no liquid inside yet Harry could hear something inside the pot."Hagrid is there a reason that you have a dragon egg. I know that owning one is illegal. Besides that if you are on the reserves of the dragons. What would my parents think of you doing something like this."Harry looked at the man who introduced him into the magical world with a sense and look of disappointment and shame. Hagrid looked down and almost couldn't look the boy in the eye. He was right James and Lily would of either tore him a new one or just shamed him with looks and maybe avoiding him for a while. He knew what he had to do but he wanted a dragon so badly. Hagrid looked to harry and saw both parents in his face."I'll get into contact with Charlie Weasley, he will come get Norbert. I will have to wait till he hatches but don't worry I am a man or my word." Harry and the girls nodded and stayed the man till about 8 o'clock since they wanted to hear stories about Harry's parents. There was man good stories but a few were hard to hear. Hagrid told them even about how he had met Sirius at the house and still took Harry to Dumbledore. Even after Sirius told him was Harry's godfather. The kids soon left after that. Since soon it be late for them to be out there on the grounds. They soon were running back to common room. Where they soon found a room for the homework they were needing to be done. Though as if they need the books especially with Harry around. He could tell you the page, paragraph and line of where to look. Harry and Hermione could quote any book they read. Hell Harry could tell you events like being on a toy broom when he lived with his true parents. Riding on a giant black dogs back. Then on a stags back though he liked pulling on the horns as if trying to steer the stag. After the while Roger came up right before curfew passing a note to Harry. It had two things on it the first was a schedule for the practices of the team. Which harry had sent out for six more updated brooms for the team. He did not get any a Nimbus but there were a few that were close in speed and Roger had one meant for being a sharp turn and for send balls back with the tail end. Which was his favorite thing to do and was deadly scary passing that way. The other note was to meet Professor McGonagall for training tomorrow morning. all it said was to expect to learn some animals. Which he took for terms of learning to be Animagus. Which he knew how to already as well. He knew all creatures but three were his main true forms. He could turn into half veela and even a werewolf. He was going to have fun with that. Harry had to figure out what exactly he could show the teacher. Alo without the old meddler figuring out too much. He has been lucky so far as to not being summoned to the office. Actually Harry could not wait for that moment. He knew that the DMLE was also waiting for that he always carried a crystal in a pocket for any dangerous thing that doesn't belong in the school. Though harry wasn't looking forward to what was happening in really only a few weeks it was going to be Halloween soon enough. He wished he had his guitar from when with Morgana. He knew he would need music soon. The next morning Harry was making his way to the transfiguration teachers classroom. He did have a bead of sweat. Not from being overworked no this was on of nerves and fear. He knew the women was a scary witch she oozes power when she was angry. Harry knew she was almost as strong as the meddler. Yet she never shows more than necessary. He did now that this might be the time where he sees her true power. Harry shook his head as he got to the door and raised his hand to knock. Just as his hand was about to hit the door he heard the teachers voice."Come in please Mr. Potter and shut the door behind you." He was a bit shocked she knew it was him till he saw some runes around the door. The runes were a bit of a contradiction he will talk to her about that later. He opened the door and slipped inside to the classroom. Professor McGonagall was waiting for the enigma known as Harry Potter. She knew she has been Obviated in the past so she has been careful around the meddler. Or thats what Harry has called him. She wants a few answers to the boy no man who has her allegiance. Then she thinks about the boys parents. She always had warm thoughts as she thought about them. Then also a bit of pain as she remembers that she will never get to spend time with them again. Though she needed answers to the many questions Feeling a rune go off and expecting Harry to be there she smiles and calls him in. She watched as Harry did what he did the last time they talked with a single wave of the hand with his wand. The portraits were frozen and a silencing bubble was place over the two of them when he got close enough. She was amazed again he did this as a first year yet again. "Harry we have to talk, I know you are way beyond what is taught here as of skill. I am sure if given the chance you could take your N.E.W.T's and pass them with ease. So I am curious as to how a boy who when Hagrid first showed up. Knew nothing of the magical world. So how in a month can you do the things you do. I am afraid I will need a answer as a Ally. I just feel mistrusted and don't know if my allegiance belongs with you." Harry looked at her with a smile that almost made her scared."I will explain it after you read the name covering this book. Then read who it originally belonged to on the inside." He handed over his grimoire which had his name on it plus every other name is part of. So it was very lengthy to say the least. He almost laughed when she read the name on the inside. Morgana Le-Fey Ancestor To Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Hufflepuff-Ravenclaw-Slytherin-Le-Fey-Perverell-Black-Dracul-Pendragon and Evans Adopted Mother To Harry Harry watched as she froze and the book almost fell out of her lap. Except the fact as soon her hands let the book go. Harry opened his hand and it flew to his hand. Which he put in his bag for later. She still was not moving from her spot as if frozen or maybe worse dead. She is fairly old now, well for a muggle point of view. He came over and snapped in front her face. She woke up and shook her head. Harry soon sat back in the chair and waited for her to find her voice. "yoo-u re-la-t-et-ed to Mo-r-ga-na is that even possible. Her line never existed from what history taught us. Wait, Pendragon too your the King to both Magical and Muggle kingdoms. You know what I think I would rather not know your Majesty. I did want to ask you if you wanted to become an Animagus. Since you have nothing better to do in class. . . . " She had to stop when Harry stepped away from the desk and soon jumped in the air and in mid air transformed into the Ice Phoenix of the old ways. Ones not since since the last stronghold sunk below the seas to keep them safe. To make her shock worse he then assumed over twenty animals. She was shocked once again and threw her hands up. She had enough of this and yelled at the bird he turned back into at the end."Is there anything THAT YOU CANNOT DO YET!?" Harry now turned into a perfect version of her and answered in her voice."Not really since I was trained by Morgana herself, even if she considers me her son. That is something to be shared out of the school though. I'm surprised you forgot to mention that I am technically the owner and lord of Hogwarts. Or that I'm the vampire lord in human skin, or my mother's house is a ancient house. Or that I'm the heir to the black family considering Sirius apparently got my parents killed. Then again he did get his freedom and exonerated for the crimes. Are you slipping Minnie in your older age. Oh yeah I have no main form for my Animagus abilities, I can become anything I want." The end was finished with a smirk worth of the black line that's for sure. Minerva McGonagall was shocked how did she notice that at all. She saw the smirk and saw the Marauders standing tall behind him and knew he was right of course. She sent a prayer up."Morgana save Hogwarts from your son. He will be worse than the Marauders and the Weasley's combined I fear." She didn't realize she said it out loud. This caused Harry to smirk get near goblin and himasking her."Is that a challenge Aunty? Because I do not lose those to anyone." She was very quick to shake her head ,while getting very pale at the thought. The two soon fell into very comfortable talking about his parents and their friends. Then she also told him about his Grandparents on James sides since she knew them personally. After a few hours even skipping breakfast and a bit of the day They concluded their talks for now. Since it would get suspicious if he was there to long. Mostly because he was not of her house. He was soon making his way to the outdoors since he wanted to get out and knew the girls were there waiting for him. Well he was only expecting Hermione and Daphne but Tonks was there as well it seemed. He wasn't sure why but was about to find out why. He Was soon glomped by Tonks and kissed all over the face by her."How did you get my family reinstated to the black family? I thought there was no head of black since Malfoy is to young? What did you do Harry?"Harry smiled before looking to the girls who seemed okay by the kisses. He shrugged and pointed out the reasons." I am Heir of the Black Family from the current Head of house. Sirius Black, he is my sworn godfather. My parents will had evidence that he was innocent. So being Innocent he was able to be fully head of house so I am guessing he reinstated your mother and you by default into the family. Also the true traitor from that night is Peter Pettigrew. He was the true secret keeper from that night." Tonks and even the girls were amazed that he was Innocent since he was known as Voldemort's right hand man. Which turns out was false and made them happy. Since that means there is no way he did so. Plus not being the secret keeper proves he was innocent. So the Ministry in a nutshell imprisoned the wrong man for ten years. Oh if he wanted to there will be hell to pay for the Ministry. This could get interesting for sure. Harry smiled to the girls and held his hands to them and sure enough they came to him in seconds. They did what tonks did and jumped him and here kissing the hell out of his face. He was able to hold them all up thanks to his stronger body. He didn't notice his bag fell though and the Girmorie fell out and was at Tonks feet. She picked it up and noticed what it was and was shocked he had it on him since most people would kill for such a thing."Harry this is not something you should have with you?" Harry smiled before telling her."I wanted to show Aunt Minnie exactly who I am, that was the best way to do that. Don't worry no one can open it unless I say so. Actually open it Tonks and read who gave me the book." When she did the girl went completely white include hair eyes lips everything was white. She then passed out like McGonagall did. Though it seems this was almost to much for the young Tonks-Black. Everyone laughed before Harry woke her up with a simple Shock spell. It was just to get her going which it did very quickly. This of course got them laughing more till she said why she fainted."Morgana adopted you as her son, how is she even alive?" Harry then spent the next two hours explaining all the training they did in the origins of magic. The Prophecies and how he is actually a half dragon. The Hyperion line one not seen since Merlin conquered Britain. Since he was actually a dark lord not a one of the light as people thought. He knew this would shake their beliefs but the seeds of the truth need to start somewhere. After the truth was told the four of them just sat down and enjoyed their friendship and company while the weather was nice. Then from behind them they hear a voice that bugs them to no end."What is this the blood traitors and mudblood enjoying the day. You should just drop dead or go where your wanted. Oh wait your not wanted anywhere in Britain." Malfoy didn't get to finish his rant. As he finished his last sentence he soon found himself blasted back and soon feeling as if he was on fire. He was bound with concurred wire and Dredd moved to sit on his chest and looking him in the face. Before showing all his fangs dripping with venom. Sure enough though a voice was heard over the grounds."That is enough, Mr. Potter. Banish your snake now and let Mr. Malfoy go. ou have just lost 250 points to Ravenclaw and now serving 3 months of detention with me every day after supper." The old meddler who seemed to come out of nowhere. Harry smiled a bit before for pulling out a paper and banishing it to the meddler. It was restraining order from the opening of his parents will. The paper had actually hit him in the face which stuns the meddler for a second who reads the paper. After a second there was instant rage on his face before he calms down before talking again."I see, then your punishment with Hagrid. He has some business in the forest tonight. Now release the boy before I banish and kill the snake." Harry smiled before telling the man." So if you do that then I will bring you on charges of killing a familiar. Which even on these grounds will bring hell on your head from the DMLE. Besides know this you headmaster. I remember everything I have ever seen. Now this is a business matter between houses. Now leave this is none of your business." Harry hissed something to the snake and it soon came back to him but grew to a size of 10 metres and was looking ready to strike at anyone who came close to Harry. Well besides the girls it seemed. This now was making the meddler even more worried since most people connect snakes to dark wizards."Harry I am scared you are going dark you have to come with me so we can get you back to the light. There is still time before you fall to far." He stopped when Dreadnought soon made its appearance. This showed that Harry was something not seen in thousand of years. It made the meddler who was reaching for his wand completely back off and walk away. Though you can feel the man's anger as he walked away.
Harry sighed a breath of relief as the old meddler was gone. Though the anger from the man was there still. He shrugged and turned to the boy who was still bound in wire. Harry de-summoned the staff and walked to the boy. Dredd by now soon slid into his skin to rest and enjoy the feeling of his partner. Harry finally got to Draco and stood above him."You know cousin. I doubt that your family would be proud of who you are becoming. Well your father would be proud. Though that is only because he is a pureblood bigot. Though your mother will be disappointed in you know that my godfather and head of house of Black will be causing waves in your family. you should remember this as well Tonks is your cousin as well not just me. Be ready to chose the side you want. One is dark and will lose the other is the winner. I will release you but never say that about my friends and betrothed again or your family will not have anything to bury. So, do we understanding my cousin?" Malfoy who was watching the boy his age above him was shaking a bit in fear. He watched as the boy who was quiet and nice to everyone. Yet this time Harry was a monster it seemed. His eyes glowed a green like lights his pupils split like a snake or maybe even a dragon. He was shaking with a unseen power that made Draco want to submit. The boy knew what he had to do to survive and he nodded his head. Sure enough at Draco's nodd Harry banished his wires and held a hand to help the boy up. Which the blonde haired boy accepted. Then soon as he was up Draco nodded his head and walked away while saying over his shoulder."We shall see you later cousins, it seems I need to have a talk with my mother." With that the boy soon disappeared into the castle. Harry now relaxed and turned back to the girls who were watching him. He noticed though that all three had blushes and seemed to avoid his eye. Even Tonks seemed to have trouble with looking at him. Harry walked up to his two girls and kissed their foreheads since it might snap them out. Which it worked, they soon where holding their boyfriend close to them and Harry then used wandless magic to tickle Tonks, which got her out of her stumped look and laughing. Which of course got everyone laughing. They all soon were laughing and enjoying the last of the day well before supper for the day. They were all making their way to the castle for supper and they were a bit shocked with the rest of the school. They were all giving the four of them a wide berth. They were a bit curious but they figured they would find out the answers in the Great Hall. Sure enough they were sitting at the table of Ravenclaws with Tonks joining them since she does most of the time at supper. Roger Davies came up to them and told them."Whatever you four did to Draco and Dumbledore are spreading around the school. Harry Mate do you have a snake that can grow and shrink? What about this black staff I heard about? What are you?" Harry smiled and then explained the story and how him and Draco were actually cousins a few times removed but still cousins. Then he explained that in his parents will Dumbledore was to have restraining order and can't be 100 feet of them. He explained that the staff was just a stone he transfigured into the staff nothing more than that. He noticed Snape coming up behind Roger. He was listening to the boys story and could see the holes in the story behind the words Harry said. Though he was impressed he weaved the story so people had a hard time believing it was a false story. Saw Tonks there but knew didn't care for this that much he swept by and gave a slight nod to Harry in which was a way of saying he needed to speak with him at some point. Harry soon got up since he had to go do detention with Hagrid. Which was not bad or he was hoping it wouldn't be so bad. He headed out to the mans small stone hut and knocked on the door. Soon the man came out and in his hand was a cross bolt. When he opened the door though he had pointed it outside first which almost scared Harry. If he hadn't dealt with Morgana trying to kill him in their training. Hagrid breathed out a sigh of relief before talking to Harry."Harry what you doing here so early. You scared me for a minute. We have to wait for two other person it seems. WE will be going in the forest there seems to be something killing Unicorns. I found some blood this morning and we need to find the corn and put it out of its misery." Harry was shocked but asked two questions."Are you sure the Unicorn is dead? Also who is the other students joining us tonight?" Hagrid frowned and told Harry the truth."Well the unicorn is extremely hurt I found a good Pint or two of blood in the forest. The two students are Ronald Weasley and Neville Longbottom. They were caught fighting on the grounds and Snape sent them here. Is that going to be a problem?" Harry shrugged and hid the shocked expression on his face. He knew that Neville was a gentle soul so was curious as to what Ron said to piss him off enough to fight. He will have to ask Neville. He was soon lead inside and had tea while they waited for the two boys to show up. After about 30 minutes there was another knock on the door. When Hagrid opened the door Snape was there with the two other boys. Here are your other two detainees for the night. I know Harry is here already. Just let him know I gave him the points back. Just couldn't get him out of this since he did attack another student even if he was a bit of a duner head. I know this is a bit rude Hagrid. If there is no way to save the Unicorn may I be able to Harvest some from it I will not use the blood since was not given permission. Yet there is some good items for potions that St. Mungo's would like to have." Hagrid was shocked that Snape asked for the hospital not for himself. This raised his few of the man in his eyes. Although he still was praying the Unicorn was not to hurt or dead. Harry soon joined them at the door and Hagrid grabbed Fang and as they got to the forest. He turned to the boys with him."Now the best thing to do is to split up Though your first years two will go with Fang. He is a coward at heart but that will save you from anything bad. So if he runs you run as well. Now lets go if you find the Unicorn send up sparks or a cannon blast. Now Harry since you can make fang listen to you who will be going with you?" Harry was fast to respond. Though he saw Ron puff up a bit in hopes to be picked since he wanted to be close to Harry for his own greedy plans."May Neville join me, we get along well and have some things bout houses to talk about?" Hagrid nodded and passed the leash of Fang to Harry and Neville was surprised by the fact he picked him since they don't actually talk all that much. Yet he did get into a fight about Harry. So he soon followed Harry into the woods he was holding the lantern so they could see in front of them. After a bit of walking in silence Harry asked the question he was curious about since he heard Neville was coming."Hey Neville why would you get into a fight with the christmas Weseley? There had to be a reason you get along with lots of people and cause no issues in class so why fight with him." Neville was now gulping and finally sighed as he told Harry the truth."We fought about you after the rumors were heard. He was saying that you were a future dark lord because you have a giant snake at your beck and call. I took insult to that since our houses before your parents died were allied to each other. I knew you had Black blood in your veins. Since they were famous back in the day for being a ParselTongue along with the Slytherin line. So you having the talent is not horrible to think about." Neville sighed before picking up again after moving around a big tree. "Your family actually more than not were not a true light family they were lightish grey. I knew you were not dark at all since you are kind and helpful to others around you. Hell thanks to you I can actually fly a broom without hurting myself or others. You defend those who need it. So you being a future dark lord is absolutely bloody ridiculous." Neville would of continued if Fang din't whine at the moment and seemed to back away from the next area in front of them. Harry snuck forward and saw something horrible. There was something feeding on a nearly dead unicorn. He was furious the Unicorn was pregnant from what he could tell. This thing was about to kill two just for the blood. He motioned for Neville and Fang to go and tell Hagrid. As Neville stepped back he stepped on a twig the creature then stopped and turned to them. It seemed to miss Harry and watched as Neville and Fang ran away. Harry took this time to turn into a creature that scares most people or creatures away. He turned into a giant werewolf and let out a blood thirsty howl. This caused the creature to turn to Harry. It seemed to shake before fleeing into the air. Leaving a almost smokey trail behind him. Harry sniffed the smell and knew it right away. He transformed back and soon approached the unicorn. He raised his hands up to show he was no threat before asking the Unicorn."May I bring out my staff to heal you and your baby?" The Unicorn semed to send a very weak nod in his direction. He brought out his staff and pressed it to the wound. Soon a bright light came from the already bright stone and the wound was healing and the unicorn was healing well and he even casted a spell to help creatures regenerate even faster than normal. Sure enough after a few minutes the unicorn was trying to stand on its own. Though a bit shaky it soon made it to its feet. Harry soon scanned the horse seeing if it will be okay for now. Then a loud crash was heard as a centaur appeared out of the bush expecting a fight. He was decked out in leather armor and a giant bow with a arrow cocked. He trotted around the mini clearing looking for a threat and soon saw Harry standing protective in front of the unicorn. He seemed ready to face the Centaur in battle he even had a sword in his hand." This forest is not a place for children, that was a dark being and he could of killed you. My name is Zoltun Kulle elder of the tribe here in the forest. There is danger around you Harry. You have a big task ahead as the stars have predicted." The centaur stopped when he saw what exactly the sword was. Even to the magical creatures that sword was famous. It has been lost to time for a long time. The centaur was about to bow but heard the others coming adopted a serious expression before saying quickly to Harry."You have my clans support child of chaos and hope. Now just get more allies and when the time is right we will answer the call. I will bring this one to my herd where she can have her foal in peace." Just then Hagrid and the others finally came through the bush. Hagrid was shocked at who was there with him, but nodded his head assumed something and spoke."Thanks for saving young Harry here, elder Kulle. We will get going now that the danger seems to be gone. These boy seem shaken up to much from this. While the Unicorn seems okay so we will be heading back now." WIth that Hagrid and the two others walked away towards the castle. Harry felt a nudge and soon the unicorn was nuzzling him. Then to Harry's surprise the horn fell off. Though he could see a new one was already growing thanks to the magic of the unicorn. He looked to the discarded horn and then the unicorn and watched as she nodded to him and pushed it with her foot a bit more to him. He reached down and picked it up. He leaned down and said something in cornish. to the unicorn. This seemed to make the horse excited and soon was nodding before Harry left the Unicorn and Centaur with a wave and soon headed to the castle. Eventually catching up to the others and fell in beside Neville. He slipped the horn into his pocket to make a charm or to sell. He thought about and also figured he just might keep it. Neville was curious as to what happened after he left and Harry gave them all a different tale than what happened. Hagrid and Ron seemed to believe him but Ron was all angry that Harry stole some kind of glory from him. Neville though seemed to see some holes in the story he knew he heard a howling as he ran to find the others. He knew that howl everyone who was raised magical knew it. It was a werewolf howl, though it was not a hunting one but one of challenge really. Harry saw the wheels working in Neville's head and made the motion for later and the three first years soon headed to their dorms. Though they were stopped by Finch in the entrance way who was taunting them about their punishment. Harry finally got to the tower after slipping away from the other two and leaving them to Finch. Though unknown to Harry, Neville managed to slip off as well since Ronald started yelling at the squip that took care of the castle. Harry was ambushed as soon as he entered the common room of the so called Ravens Nest. He was soon being squished by Hermione and Daphne in a crushing hug. He wrapped his arms around the girls after they moved back a bit and soon they settled down and finished some last bit of homework. All before heading to bed forgetting it was near his least favorite time of the month. The old Meddler after the confrontation with the Malfoy boy stormed into his office. A bit of rage hiding under his almost perfect control. He was cursing Harry Potter it seemed. "That little bloody brat. How did he know about the will, I made sure that it was sealed from being read. It has to be those blasted goblins. The filthy half breeds always pushing their crooked noses in places where it doesn't belong. Then he had the balls to put a restraining order against me. The leader of the Light! This will not stand, I'll have to cause some hell in Wizengamot. Harry should not be allowed to run around free he needs to be rained in and be ready to die like he should. Well maybe I have to use another pawn. That Weseley boy should be a good tool. Now to make him hate Harry's little whores." The old wizard didn't pay attention to both the Hat and the Phoenix both doing two things. The hat was laughing at the fool meddler. The Phoenix was crying more to itself and how it was enslaved. He only could let out a sad trill of music in his despair. Fawkes soon disappeared into the deeper part of the office. Before he left he grabbed the hat, since he didn't wanna be there anymore than he needed to. Time Skip Halloween day. It was the first class of the day after lunch. The first class a double of Herbology with the Hufflepuffs which was fun for the most part. It seemed for the Ravenclaws it was Charms with the Slytherin's and since the three of them could not sit together Hermione was stuck with Ron. Something she was not exactly happy about but accepted. They were learning the Levitation charm.'Wingardium Leviosa' they were practicing on feathers and sure enough the three of them were the first to get on the first get it. Though Harry's feather shot to the roof since he used to much power. This made Professor Flitwick extremely happy who exclaimed for the class to hear." Well done, Ms. Granger, Ms. Greengrass and Mr. Potter. I believe that 10 points to each of you is acceptable since you all got it on the first try."This did cause the three Ravens to smile and blush being praised. Professor Flitwick was interrupted as Ron's wand shot out of his hand caused he waved around like a idiot. He blushed before assuming his seat. In which Hermione being the nice person she is told him gently."Ron you are being to aggressive with your wand movements it is only a swish and flick. Also you are pronouncing the spell 're saying it wrong. It's Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the 'gar' nice and long." Ron seemed to take offence to that and growled out a bit to loud since the whole class heard it."Why not shut your mudblood mouth, I didn't ask you for your help you know it all. Go back to where you belong filthy blood. Before I end you here in this class." Everyone stopped what they were doing as they all listened to the boy. Flitwick was pissed his goblin blood was showing greatly. His magic rose but soon was dwarfed as Harry moved. Before anyone could blink he had picked up Ron by his throat and held him off the ground. His eyes were glowing and slited. Harry snarled out in almost a hissing voice."Did you just call my girlfriend and best friend a mudblood? Then also had the balls to threaten her? I think you did, now listen to me, you red headed bastard. She was only trying to help you before you did something that could of hurt someone. Now I will give you only one chance to apologize. If you don't I will rip out your insides and use them as jump ropes, all the while you are still alive. Do. You. Understand. Me. Ronald. Weasley." Everyone who was going to interfere with this. They all had to step away from Harry since they all could see his eyes. They were even glowing visible on the Weasels face from so much magic in them. The boy was whimpering from the sight and looked ready to piss himself. Daphne was the one to react."Harry James Potter, that is enough. If you scare the boy to much he won't be able to do anything. Now let him go, NOW!" Harry let the boy go, who just crumpled to the ground. He had to take some breaths from being with out for almost 30 seconds. He soon was shuffling on the ground away from Harry and soon was saying out loud for everyone to hear."I am sorry." He kept saying it over and over again. Flitwick seemed too stunned to do anything for a minute or two. He was finally able to recover enough to say to the class."That is 100 points in total from Slytherin for use of Racist slurs and threatening another student. Also that is 30 point from Ravenclaw for threatening a student as well. Yet I reward 30 points for coming to the defence of another student. There is no detention since it sorted itself out. Now Mr. Weasley, I think you should get to the hospital wing to get ur throat checked out it looks a bit red. I believe this is where we should end class. I want a 3 foot essay on how the charm taught today could be used in defence of yourself, now class dismissed." Ron seemed to ignore the advice to see the hospital ring and complain very lody about Hermione and how she is a know it all. This caused her even being comforted by Harry and Daphne to run away crying. The two knew why since before this year she never had any friends. Harry though wouldn't let her out his sights and soon was running behind her. Daphne of course was not far behind. In their hurry they didn't notice that Tracy and few other Ravenclaws get their revenge and soon Ron and two other Slytherins name Crabb and Goyle were soon hexed so badly that they need medical help. Hermione was about to enter a girls bathroom when Harry was able to wrap his hands around her waist and soon stopped her. She tried to get away till she figured out who grabbed her. Then she soon was facing his chest and crying into it. He lead her to a classroom near the bathroom and soon they were holding each other. Hermione after a couple hours was doing better but they opted to stay in the classroom since they were not feeling the mood to go to the great hall since Harry was already excused from the feast. Harry soon casted a Patronus of a Falcon to go deliver the message to their head of house so no one worried. after about ten minutes a Elf appeared and soon brought them supper. Not realizing that a bit of danger was coming towards them. Soon as Harry casted the Patronus it headed straight to Filius Flitwick just as supper was starting. It landed on his shoulder and whispered the message in his ear and disappeared. Of course some teachers were curious and asked him about it. He shrugged them off and told them it was a family matter. Of course he gave a subtle nod to McGonagall. Since he knew the young Lord forgave her and spent time getting to know her. The two looked around and saw only three students were missing. Just as the two were about to dead out the doors opened and Professor Quirrell came running in and yelling something. He stopped in the middle of the hall."TROLL IN THE DUNGEON! Thought you should know." With that it seemed as if the man fainted dead away. Sure enough the entire student body started to scream. The panic was setting in with the children.
