Thank you for choosing this story! Hope you enjoy and please review :) Disclaimer: This is a work of fan fiction using characters, plots, and places from the Harry Potter world, which is trademarked by JK Rowling. However, this work is my own and is in no way endorsed by JK Rowling or anyone affiliated with the Harry Potter universe. Chapter 1: Welcome to the Wizarding World I heard a knock on the front door, quickly followed by my Mum calling to me from the bottom of the stairs. "Hermione, please come down to the living room," she called. I sighed, because I was just at the last few pages of the book I was reading, and I really wanted to finish it. I had already finished the summer reading list for my year, and I was now reading the books on the summer reading list for the year above me. I got to my feet and headed downstairs to the living room, curious to see who had come to visit. When I walked into the room, though, I did not recognize the woman sitting in the armchair across from Mum and Dad. She stood up to shake my hand, and I noticed that she was dressed rather strangely. She wore a long dark green cloak which completely covered any regular clothes she may have been wearing underneath. Her hair was pulled back into a tight bun and she struck me as a very serious person. "You must be Hermione," she said, and she sat back down in the armchair, leaving me to sit in the rocking chair since Mum and Dad were on the couch. I looked over at Mum and Dad in the hopes of getting some kind of clue as to who this woman was, but they appeared just as confused as I was. "Yes, I am," I said, unsure of how else to respond. "My name is Professor McGonagall, I am a teacher at a very special school," the woman replied. I suddenly became excited. Maybe I was getting accepted into one of the advanced programs I had applied for, or perhaps it was the school for gifted students that my last school suggested I apply to. Maybe I was going to be allowed to skip a year or two and move into the seventh or eighth grade. "I am here to offer you a place at my school," Professor McGonagall continued. A smile started to spread across my face. Now I wouldn't have to endure months of being taunted by Nancy Hummel and her friends for being smart. I would be amongst others who were just as smart as I was, kids who understood the importance of paying attention in class and the joys of doing homework, like-minded people who I could relate to. "Which school are you from?" Dad asked from the couch. "Are you from the Academy?" he was referring to the Academy for gifted children, of course, to which we had applied a couple months ago. "No, I am not from any school you have ever heard of. The name of my school is Hogwarts," Professor McGonagall replied. I wondered what kind of school Hogwarts could be and then I wondered how I could have been accepted into this school without even having applied. "Hogwarts is not the kind of school you would expect, I am sure," Professor McGonagall continued, pausing to see if any of us were going to intervene. "Hogwarts is a school that teaches the study of magic." Magic – what did she even mean? Was this woman suggesting that I attend a school to learn card tricks and how to saw through people in boxes and then put them back together? It was the silliest thing I had ever heard, and I am certainly a person who believes in doing serious things. Mum seemed to be wondering the same thing as me, because she asked, "what do you mean when you say magic?" In response, Professor McGonagall reached under her cloak and pulled out a wooden stick. She raised the stick and pointed it at the coffee table in the center of the room. "Wingardium leviosa," she said, and the table slowly began to rise off the floor. She kept her wand trained on it and it rose all the way up to the ceiling and then came back down again. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, I was at a complete loss for words, and then I regained control of my brain and remembered that magic is not real. "It's just an illusion," I said. "There be wires or something holding the table up. I've read all about these kinds of tricks." "Do you see any ropes or wires?" Professor McGonagall asked calmly. Though I tried hard to find something, I could not figure out what she used to lift the table. Seeing that I was still not convinced, she pointed her wand at the remote control for the television and said, "accio." The remote immediately flew into her outstretched hand. I still had a little difficulty believing her. I mean, all the facts say that magic cannot and does not exist, but Professor McGonagall was making it very difficult to cling to the facts. Seeing that I was still struggling with what she was trying to tell me, Professor McGonagall stood up, and with a very determined expression on her face, she disappeared out of thin air, only to appear seconds later across the room at the doorway. I realized that there was no way she could have faked it and I came to the logical conclusion that magic exists. Mum and Dad on the other hand, looked terrified. "Do you believe me now?" Professor McGonagall asked, heading back to her chair and sitting down. "It would be foolish of me not to," I responded matter-of-factly. Now that I'd accepted magic as a reality, I was intrigued to know more. The pursuit of knowledge had always been the most important thing to me, and this was a topic I knew nothing about. In fact, it was a topic vey few knew about, which made it all the more interesting to me. "Excuse me, just a minute," Dad interrupted. "You expect to come into our home and do a couple of tricks and have us just suddenly accept that this is for real? What kind of people do you take us for?" "Dad, come on, think rationally," I said, turning to face both of my parents. "A carnival magician would have needed ropes and wires to lift the table. Professor McGonagall did it all on her own. And how to you explain the teleporting? When the carnival magicians do it, they need to hide behind a screen and then sneak away. Professor McGonagall just vanished out of thin air. These clearly aren't parlour tricks, so the only logical explanation is that she's doing real magic." "Hermione, sweetie," Mum spoke up, "it's sweet that you've so quickly jumped to the conclusion that this is all for real, but there must be another explanation that you just haven't thought of yet." "I'm not jumping to any conclusions," I protested. I didn't like the insinuation. I didn't jump to anything. I came to conclusions after a proper analysis of the facts. And the facts in this case were that somehow, magic was real. The irrational thing would be to refuse to believe in spite of overwhelming evidence. "Mum, you know me. Have I ever accepted something without first considering every alternate possibility?" I could see the struggle Mum and Dad had to come to terms with this new revelation. Mum's face was contorted, and Dad's brow was furrowed. But eventually, both reluctantly nodded, accepting that as usual, I was right. "Alright, so magic is real," Dad said. "Why are we finding out now?" "Hermione," Professor McGonagall began, gesturing to me while still talking to Mum and Dad, "is a member of the magical community, having magical blood in her veins, while the two of you do not have any magic in your blood and as such are members of the non-magical community. Due to the International Statute of Wizarding Secrecy, members of the magical community are prohibited from revealing the very existence of a magical community to members of the non-magical community unless a situation such as this arises." "How did Hermione end up with magic in her blood if we don't have any?" Dad asked, clearly still confused. "Sometimes this does happen; a magical child can be born to non-magical parents. I do not assume to be an expert in why these things happen, nor do I assume to be an expert in why non-magical children are born to magical parents, though this is a particularly rare occurrence." "So, you want Hermione to go to your school and learn how to do magic?" Dad asked. "Yes, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry is, in my opinion, the best Wizarding School in perhaps the whole world. If Hermione wants to go, she has a place there," Professor McGonagall replied. When she said this, I started to picture myself doing magic. I saw myself learning a whole new brand of subjects. I knew immediately why I never fit in at my primary school. It was because I was never meant to attend a school like that. I saw myself reading spell books and waving my very own wand, and I saw myself never having to face Nancy Hummel or any of her friends ever again. Without even realizing I had opened my mouth, I found myself speaking. "Yes, I want to go to Hogwarts." Professor McGonagall smiled and pulled an envelope out from underneath her cloak. "Here is your official Hogwarts acceptance letter," she said, handing it to me. I ripped it open, eager to read it. HOGWARTS SCHOOL OF WITCHCRAFT AND WIZARDRY Headmaster: Albus Dumbledore (Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sorc., Chf. Warlock,Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards) Dear Ms. Granger. We are pleased to inform you that you have a place at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on 1 September. We await your owl by no later than 31 July. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall Deputy Headmistress So, Professor McGonagall was the Deputy Headmistress. I supposed that was why she was the one who came to explain everything to us. I read the letter over again. "What does it mean by 'we await your owl'?" I asked. "You do not have to worry about that part. I will be returning to Hogwarts myself shortly and I will inform the Headmaster that you intend to attend. Owl post is typically the way witches and wizards normally communicate with each other," she replied. This brought up another question I had. "You said witches and wizards," I said slowly. "Does that mean I'm a witch?" "Yes," Professor McGonagall said simply. I looked back at my letter and noticed that it mentioned a booklist that was supposed to be enclosed. I reached back into the envelope and drew it out, reading through the list, curious to see what sorts of things I would be learning about. I looked up from the list of things I would need, "Where am I supposed to buy all of this?" I asked, realizing that in addition to the spell books, I would need other supplies, like a cauldron and a wand. It's not like those sorts of things were sold at the local department store. "If you aren't busy right now, I can show you," Professor McGonagall said, looking over at Mum and Dad. "Well, I suppose we might as well go," Mum said with a reluctant acceptance. "Let me go get my purse."
Chapter 2: School Supply Shopping Once Professor McGonagall had showed us how to get into Diagon Alley through the Leaky Cauldron and had told us that we could exchange our money for wizarding money at the bank, Gringotts, she left, saying she had important business to attend to. She also informed me that I would find my train ticket in the envelope my letter had come in and that the train would leave at 11 o'clock on September the first from King's Cross Station. Diagon Alley was like no place I had ever seen before. There were tons of people walking around wearing cloaks and robes just like what Professor McGonagall had been wearing. I suddenly felt out of place in my jeans and shirt, though I didn't dwell on it for long, because as we continued walking down the street, I started noticing some other people dressed like me, and I assumed that they also came from non-magical parentage. Despite my eagerness to start buying books and supplies right away, we had to first exchange our money, so we headed towards the bank. The bank was by far the largest building around, and it was made of white marble with bronze doors. Standing beside the doors, however, was a creature I couldn't identify. It was small, wearing a scarlet and gold uniform and had a pointed beard. When it reached towards the door handles to open it for us, I saw that it had very long fingers. I decided I probably shouldn't think of it as an 'it', and I decided he was definitely a male, though I was extremely eager to learn what kind of creature he was. Another one of the creatures the next set of doors for us once and we stepped into the bank. It was a vast hall of marble, with long counters behind which the creatures were sitting on high stools doing various types of work. Unsure how to proceed, I looked up at Dad, "where do we go now?" He shrugged and looked around. "I suppose we should go up to a counter," he finally replied. So, we walked over to the nearest counter and stood before the creature that was behind it. The creature raised its head and scrutinized us with his beady eyes before asking what we wanted. "We want to exchange our money for wizard money," Dad said, holding out a fistful of cash. The creature raised his arm and with his long fingers, pointed to a man sitting behind a counter across the hall. He appeared to be the only human who worked here with the creatures. Dad thanked the creature and we headed over to the man, who appeared much more jovial than the grim-looking creatures. "How can I help you?" he asked, a smile spreading across his face. "I'd like to exchange this for some wizard money," Dad replied, handing him the cash he had in his hand. The man took it and began counting it out. "First time in Diagon Alley?" the man asked conversationally. "Yes," Dad replied. "We only just found out today that our little Hermione was a witch," he said, patting me on the back. The man behind the counter raised his head to look at me and smiled. "Well that's just great news," he said, now counting out some strange-looking coins which I assumed was the wizard money. "Alrighty, here we are," he said, handing Dad the coins. "The gold coins are called Galleons, the silver ones are called Sickles and the bronze ones are called Knuts," he explained. "Every Galleon is worth seventeen Sickles and every Sickle is worth twenty-nine Knuts." I wondered why they used such random numbers. Seventeen and twenty-nine didn't really seem to make all that much sense to me. They had no common denominator and in fact were both prime numbers, which seemed to be the only thing they had in common – and not a very useful commonality either. We thanked the man and he wished us good luck as we left the bank, returning to the busy and crowded street. I immediately became excited as I pulled out my list of required items and started picturing myself buying all the wonderful things on it. School supply shopping has always been one of my favorite activities. Buying new notebooks and binders and getting a new and clean eraser and knowing that you would soon be filling your notebooks with information and dirtying your eraser by erasing mistakes when taking down notes. I especially loved buying my schoolbooks. Books are one of the best things in life. You can buy a book and have absolutely no knowledge of whatever is inside, and then you open it up and when you've read it, your mind is filled with all this new knowledge that you never had before. To me, a new book was like an untapped pool of possibility just waiting to be learned. I pulled out my supply list and decided to be smart about things and go in order, so as not to miss anything. "Alright, the first thing I need is a uniform," I said to Mum and Dad. "Where do we go for that?" "I'm not sure, maybe we should ask someone," Mum said, looking at Dad, who nodded. They both appeared to be feeling out of place, which made sense, especially since they weren't magic. I suddenly felt bad, knowing that while I was finally feeling like I was fitting in for the first time in my life, they were probably more uncomfortable here than anywhere else, being two non-magical people invading a magical district. "Excuse me," Dad said to an older lady who was passing by, "we were wondering if you could tell us where we might buy a school uniform for Hogwarts?" "Oh, are you muggle-born dear?" the lady asked me. I wasn't sure what that meant, but it didn't matter, because she continued, "Madam Malkin's would be the place to go." She pointed us in the right direction and then hurried along and continued with her own shopping. I noted that she hadn't actually answered Dad, but rather had only spoken to me, ignoring both Mum and Dad as though they weren't even there. I decided not to dwell on it, figuring I was overreacting over nothing. We walked in the direction she had indicated and soon came to a shop called Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions, which was obviously where the older lady had intended us to go. We entered and a very nice-looking lady emerged from the back room, smiling and asking if I was here for my Hogwarts robes. I told her I was, and she immediately set me up on a footstool and slipped a robe over my head. She started pinning it all over and measuring things, and I just stood there, while Mum and Dad settled themselves in a pair of chairs next to the mirror. The lady, who I assumed was Madam Malkin, hummed while she pinned my robes, and when she was finished, she took them into the back room, telling me to wait. While she was gone, a young boy and his mother entered the shop, clearly in the middle of an argument. "Why can't I get new robes like Percy?" the boy demanded. "I'm sorry Ron, but you're just going to have to make do with Percy's old robes. It would be silly to buy brand new robes when we have perfectly good ones at home." "Why doesn't Percy have to wear Charlie's old robes then?" the boy, Ron, insisted. "Because Percy is a prefect now. He can't be walking around in Charlie's old things. They're all torn up and scuffed from all that Quidditch he used to play, not to mention the adventures he would go on with Hagrid in that forest. It would be unbecoming for Percy, now that he's representing his house. Besides, Percy's old robes are in great condition." The boy and mother continued to argue, but I politely tuned them out. This was clearly a money issue, and the mother didn't want to say it out loud. I felt bad, but there wasn't much I could do about it, and I had my own things to worry about. Madam Malkin emerged from the back moments later with a bag full with my entire school uniform. Mum and Dad paid for the clothes while I pulled out my list again and checked to see what I would need next. There was a whole list of schoolbooks that I was going to need, so before we left, I asked Madam Malkin where I should go to buy my books. She told me to go to a shop called Flourish and Blotts and told us how to get there. We thanked her and headed in the direction she had indicated. When we finally found Flourish and Blotts, we entered, and I was utterly taken aback. There were hundreds of thousands of books in this shop and the stacks reached all the way up to the ceiling. I walked through the aisles of books and marvelled at all the titles that there were. There were books on every subject I could ever think of and more on subjects I would never have dreamed existed. Eventually, I located all the books that were on my list and I also chose a few extras to read for a little background, since I was new to this world. I was especially keen on reading Hogwarts: A History, since it was about the school I would be attending. After convincing Mum and Dad to buy me all the extra books in addition to my set books, we went to get the next item on the list; a wand. We went to a shop called Ollivanders. The words on the door indicated that the shop had existed since 382 B.C. which explained why the shop appeared so rundown. When we entered the shop, an older man appeared from the rows upon rows of shelves all stacked with long and thin boxes. "Good afternoon," the man said, and I couldn't help but feel a little bit nervous at the way his eyes were shining so brightly despite the darkness and gloom of the shop. "Hi. I'd like to buy a wand," I said. "Yes, of course. Your first wand, I believe, let me see…" He peered at me for a moment and then walked back into one of the rows of shelves, leaving me and my parents alone at the front of the shop. He returned with a tape measure, which started taking my measurements all by itself, which certainly caught me off guard. While the tape measure measured, he began explaining to me about the different types of wands. When it was finished, he took the tape measure back and chose a box from one of the shelves. He placed teh box on the counter and opened it as though it was the most delicate thing in the world. He gingerly lifted the wand out of the box and handed it to me. "Maple and dragon heartstring, seven and three quarter inches, springy," he announced. I stood with it for a moment, not sure what to do. "Wave it around now, come on," he said, so I flicked the wand in the air, but no sooner had I tried it, it had been snatched out of my hand. He chose a new wand and handed it to me. "Beechwood and unicorn hair, eleven and a half inches, supple," he said. I began to wave it, but it too was snatched out of my hand. "Aha!" he said, upon choosing a third wand. "Vine wood and dragon heartstring, ten and three quarter inches, nice and flexible," he told me. When he handed it to me immediate warmth spread through my fingers and into my body. I saw red sparks shoot out the end of the wand, and the man smiled for the first time since I had entered the shop, clapping his hands together. "And there you are young miss," he said, taking the wand back and packaging it in the box. "You very own wand." The rest of the day passed in a blur of activity as we purchased a cauldron and scales and all the other things on the list. I opted not to get a pet, though the supply list said I could bring one. I had enough going on right now without needing to take care of an animal. When we were finished shopping, though I could have stayed in Diagon Alley for hours more, just experiencing and exploring all the shops and sights, I could tell Mum and Dad were spent, so I suggested we head home for the day. They both looked relieved, and I remembered that I would have to be sensitive to their adjustment period. Though for me, everything felt like it was finally falling into place, it was going to take a while for my parents to come to terms with everything changing so suddenly.
Chapter 3: Will it be Enough? I only had two days left before I was going to be leaving for Hogwarts. I had, of course, read through all the books that had been assigned, and I had read all the extra books that I had convinced my parents to buy for me. I had also started working on some of the spells that were in The Standard Book of Spells: Grade 1 and I had managed to work a few of them. I was currently trying to master the first spell Professor McGonagall had done when she came to explain everything, wingardium leviosa. It was supposed to be a levitation charm, but so far all I had been able to do was make my quill twitch. I was feeling very discouraged. I'm sure all the students from magical families would already know how to levitate. I mean, its right at the beginning of The Standard Book of Spells, which must mean that it's the easiest one, and I couldn't even do that. I pulled the spell book closer to me at my desk and read the section again. I decided that my pronunciation must be the problem, so I started emphasizing different syllables to see if that would work. On my seventh try, the quill finally started to rise off my desk. In my excitement, I lost my concentration and the quill fell. I immediately grabbed it and dipped it in some ink, marking the correct pronunciation in my book. After a few more practices, I was able to fly my quill around the room, and I smiled to myself, glad that I had finally been successful. "Hermione, it's time for dinner," Mum called from downstairs. I put my wand on my desk and headed downstairs to eat. I hadn't realized how late it was, it felt like lunch had been minutes ago. "How was your day, sweetie?" Dad asked as he set dinner on the table. Mum and Dad are dentists, and they worked during the day, so I usually spent my days home alone during the summer. "Pretty good," I replied. "I mastered the levitation charm." "That's wonderful news honey," Dad said. We lapsed into a temporary silence broken only when Mum came bustling into the dining room with the potatoes. Mum and Dad were still having a bit of a hard time adjusting to me being a witch. I'd offered for them to read some of the books I had bought, but that seemed to make them even more uncomfortable. I had hoped they would adjust during the last month, but they hadn't. "Hi honey!" Mum said, sitting down at the table and starting to fill her plate. "How are you?" she asked. I noticed that this question was quite different from Dad's how was your day? She didn't want to hear more facts that I'd learned about goblin rebellions or when dragon breeding was outlawed, and especially not that I had finally been successful in levitating my quill. "I'm great Mum," I replied, filling my own plate. As sad as I was feeling that they were still so uncomfortable with this whole thing, I was sure that they would be much more open to everything after they had sat with it for a little while. "What are your plans for tomorrow?" Dad finally asked. Mum and Dad worked weekends as well as weekdays, and tomorrow was no different. They had decided to take Sunday off so that they could accompany me to King's Cross and see me off to school, so that was something. "I was going to pack my things and maybe practice a little bit more before I get to Hogwarts," I said honestly, even though I knew they wished I would have left out the last part. "How about we go out to dinner tomorrow night?" Mum asked. "You know, before you go away to school." "That would be great," I replied, smiling. At least they would be able to spend a little bit of time with me before I left. When it was time for dessert, Mum brought out a nice big bowl of fresh fruit. Being dentists, my parents didn't believe in sugary desserts, or candy, or anything sweet really. I had never been trick-or-treating, we never had any sweets in the house, and they even bought me sugarless gum. Not that I'm complaining, especially since my teeth had always been extremely healthy thanks to them. After dessert, I went back up to my room while Mum and Dad went to work on some paperwork that they had brought home with them from work. They always brought their paperwork home with them. They said they'd rather do it at home once the office was closed so that they could use the time they were actually at work to see patients. After all, the more patients they're able to see in a day, the more money they can make. It was a logical way of doing things, though it did mean I didn't see all that much of them. When I got back to my room, I opened The Standard Book of Spells again and read up on the unlocking spell. Once I felt I was ready to try it out, I walked over to my door and locked it manually; the locking spell wasn't in The Standard Book of Spells, so I assumed it was more advanced. I pointed my wand at the door and visualized the door unlocking. "Alohomora," I said clearly, and with a click, the lock flung back into the unlocked position. My face broke out into a wide grin. I'd got it on my first try! I practiced it a few more times before I finally decided to take a break from spellcasting. I decided to start packing my trunk, since there was plenty I would not need from now until I got to Hogwarts. My cauldron, being the largest thing to go into my trunk, was the first thing I put in. Then I packed most of my books, keeping The Standard Book of Spells and Hogwarts: A History out, knowing I would be reading them some more tomorrow. Then I packed my parchment and my quills and my other supplies. I started to run out of room in my trunk, so I began piling my clothes into my cauldron. Sooner than I would have thought, I was all packed, and I realized that I no longer had an activity for tomorrow, but I didn't worry. There were plenty more spells I could learn. I was starting to feel a little tired, so I decided it was time for bed. I put on my pyjamas and crept downstairs to say goodnight to Mum and Dad. They were sitting at their desks, which were positioned side by side in their office, working on their paperwork. "Goodnight Mum, Dad," I said from the doorway. I walked into the room and hugged them each in turn. "Goodnight sweetheart," I heard Mum say as I was leaving the room. I went back upstairs to my room and climbed into bed. I pulled Hogwarts: A History into my lap and opened it up and began to read. I can't fall asleep if I don't read right beforehand. Somehow, reading seemed to have a calming effect on me. Well, it always had until then. As I read on and on, words I had already read through twice before, I became more and more panicked. There was so much to know. How was I going to measure up to witches and wizards who'd been practicing magic since they were born? I'd always been the smart one, top of the class. What would I be when I got to Hogwarts? Surely having only found out about the wizarding world a month ago I would seem utterly dumb next to all the other students. As I frantically re-read the pages of Hogwarts: A History I tried to memorize everything I read so that I wouldn't forget a thing. When my head finally felt like it was going to fall off from too much thinking, I put my book down on my nightstand and laid down properly, shutting my eyes and willing myself to fall asleep. I promised myself that tomorrow I would practice the charm that could fix broken objects and the charm that would light something on fire. I also decided that maybe I should even try learning a little bit of basic transfiguration, even though it appeared to be a particularly difficult subject. As I went over my knowledge of the medieval witch burnings in my head, I became more and more worried. What if I didn't know enough? What if I hadn't learned enough magic? What if the other students laughed at me for being dumb? What if I walked into potions and blew up my cauldron, or worse, someone else's? It was the first time I had ever felt like this and as I drifted further and further into sleep, I just couldn't help repeating over and over in my head; will everything I've done be enough? I was sitting at a desk in my old classroom, the only person in the room. Everything was the same as I remembered it from last year, except that the posters the hung on the wall that used to say things like 'achieve', 'teamwork', and 'honesty' now read things like 'magic', 'potions', and 'spell work'. I continued to sit and stare around at the familiar, but unfamiliar room, and then suddenly students began to file into the classroom, taking seats all around me. I didn't recognize any of their faces, but they were all wearing robes while I was wearing a blouse and floral skirt that my mum had picked out for me. Professor McGonagall entered the room next, wearing the same green robes that she'd worn the day I'd met her. Her hair was pulled up tight in a bun like before, and her expression was stern. "Alright class," she announced. "Welcome to your first day at Hogwarts. We'll begin the class by going around the room and saying our name, and then performing the most advanced spell you know so far." I immediately ran through the list of spells I'd learned and tried to decide which to perform. There was the levitation spell, but it was on page one of my spell book. Surely it wouldn't be considered advanced at all. I eventually settled on showing everyone the unlocking spell, since it was near the end of the book and therefore probably considered more difficult. The first student stood, said her name, and then proceeded to cast a spell that completely vanished her desk. Professor McGonagall and the rest of the class applauded her, but I just sat and stared. According to A Beginner's Guide to Transfiguration, vanishing was much too advanced to even be covered. How did this first year know how to do it when it wasn't even covered in their textbook? The second student, a boy, stated his name and then proceeded to disappear and then reappear on the other side of the room, much like how Professor McGonagall had done when she'd been trying to prove to me and my parents that magic existed. As everyone else congratulated the boy, my jaw practically hit the floor. Apparition – the act of teleporting oneself – was something only adult wizards could do. It was considered highly challenging and highly dangerous. Some wizards never properly learned to do it. The third student made it start raining right there in the middle of the room, and the fourth student transformed themselves into a giraffe. When the fifth student brought all the chairs to life and they started dancing around the room, I jumped to my feet (partly because my chair had forced me to) and cried, "what's going on here? How can you all do these advanced spells?" "And your name?" Professor McGonagall asked, in a bored voice. "Hermione Granger," I replied. "Alright, let's see your spell work," she said. Taking a deep breath, I walked over to the door of the classroom and turned the lock. Then I took out my wand and cast the unlocking charm, watching the button click into the unlocked position with pride. I turned back to the rest of the class. "That's it?" a girl with blonde hair demanded. "That's all you can do?" I shrugged. "I've only had a month to prac – " "That was pathetic!" the girl continued, ignoring my explanation. Before my eyes, her features began to morph, and she suddenly turned into Nancy Hummel. "Hermione Granger," she mocked. "Always sticking her nose in a book instead of doing something real. You really think you're going to fit in at Hogwarts? Well think again. You don't belong anywhere. You're just a little bookworm nobody." I woke with a start, my sheets soaked with nervous sweat. I had to take a few deep breaths to calm my racing heart, and once I had, my mind started to race, millions of thoughts running through it. What if my dream was right? What if I never fit in at Hogwarts the way I'd never fit in at my last school? What if I was destined never to fit in anywhere? I had to keep practicing. The only way I was going to fit in was if I made sure that I knew as much magic as the other students. Turning my light back on, I reached for my copy of The Standard Book of Spells and flipped it open to the page for the wand-lighting charm, lumos. It seemed fitting, to learn it in the middle of the night, when it was dark. Determinedly, I began to read up on the charm, paying close attention to the details for the wand movements. I would learn every spell in this book, if that's what it took. I was determined. I wasn't going to be a bookworm nobody anymore. Things were going to be different at Hogwarts. They had to be.
Chapter 4: Going on an Adventure The time had finally arrived. It was time to leave for Hogwarts. I was going to leave my parents and my house and my room and go to a place I had only read about that I hadn't even known existed until a month ago. I sat in the backseat of the car while Mum and Dad drove me to the train station. We pulled into the parking lot outside of King's Cross Station and climbed out of the car. Dad opened the trunk or the car and heaved my trunk out. It was extra heavy because of all the extra books I had bought. I was wearing my regular clothes, but I planned on changing into my robes as soon as I got onto the train. "Do you have your ticket?" Mum asked me, realizing she hadn't checked before we left the house. I pulled my envelope out of my pocket and withdrew the ticket. I hadn't really given it much thought until now. "What platform are we going to?" Dad asked. "Um…" I said, frowning at the ticket. Surely, there must be some kind of mistake. I must need my eyes checked; I was reading platform nine and three-quarters. I handed it to Dad to read, hoping I was just hallucinating. "Platform nine and three quarters?" he asked, half-statement and half-question. "Where's that supposed to be?" "I don't know, but maybe we could ask someone," mum said, frowning. None of us had ever heard of a platform nine and three quarters. We entered King's Cross and rolled my trunk towards the general area of platforms nine and ten. We looked around and didn't see anything that resembled a platform nine and three quarters. Despite the early hour of our departure, it was getting dangerously close to eleven o'clock and I was starting to panic. Mum steered us towards a guard and asked where we could find platform nine and three quarters, but he looked just as confused at the question as we felt, stating that there was no such thing. I asked if he knew of any train leaving at eleven o'clock, thinking that maybe the platform number was simply wrong, but at this the guard sighed in exasperation. "I suppose you're trying to get to Hogwarts?" he asked, causing my heart to lift, believing that he knew where the train was. "Why does everyone want to waste my time today? Skinny little boy with messy dark hair just asked me the same question not five minutes ago." The guard walking away, shaking his head and I started to panic again. I turned around and looked to see if maybe I would see something I'd missed previously, when suddenly, a girl who was leaning against a wall between platforms nine and ten disappeared into the wall. "Mum! Dad! Did you see that?" I asked excitedly, running over to the divide. "No, see what?" Dad asked, confused. "A girl just disappeared here," I said, standing in the same place she had been moments before. When nothing happened, I leaned against the wall like she had, and instead of meeting the resistance of the wall, I fell right through it onto the floor. As soon as I had fallen, I scrambled up from the floor and looked around. I was on a new platform, and the sign above indicated that it was platform nine and three quarters. Mum and Dad came stumbling through the wall moments later, looking around in awe. I checked my watch and saw that I had only minutes left before I had to board the scarlet steam engine sitting in front of me. "Mum, Dad…" I began, unsure how to finish that statement. "Bye," I finally said. "Oh, goodbye sweetheart," Mum said, pulling me into a hug. When she released me, Dad gave me a hug as well, and then Mum insisted on hugging me once more. "I promise I'll write to you," I said, knowing that they would probably have trouble adjusting to my letters being delivered my owls. "And we'll write to you as well sweetie, just as soon as you send us an address we can reach you at," Dad added, and I grimaced to myself, knowing that they would probably not be impressed when they couldn't use the regular post. "I guess I'd better get onto the train," I said finally, realizing that I was going to miss it if I didn't board now. To reinforce my point, the train's warning horn blew, indicating it would be leaving in a minute. Mum and Dad followed me to the door of the train and helped me heave my trunk onto the landing. I jumped back off the train and hugged them each again. Then I climbed back onto the train and waved goodbye as the train pulled out of the station. It was going to be strange, being so far away from them. I'd never lived away from home before. Though it wasn't as though Mum and Dad spent tons of time with me – I typically was left to my own devices – it would be weird to not sit down to dinner with them every night or get a goodnight hug from them each before bed. When I could no longer see them anymore, I turned toward the hallway of compartments and my stomach filled with butterflies. As nervous as I was, I decided to swallow my fear and I straightened up and dragged my trunk down the hall, peering into the compartments, trying to find one that had room for me. I finally came across a compartment that appeared to be filled with other first years, so I decided this would be the compartment to sit in. I opened the compartment door and asked if I could join them. Of course, they said that was fine, so I heaved my trunk onto the rack above our heads with the help of a boy who introduced himself as Ernie Macmillan and sat down by the door. There were three other people in the compartment: Ernie, a boy named Neville Longbottom, and a girl named Lisa Turpin. I discovered that all three of them came from magical families, but much to my surprise, none of them had learned to do any spells yet. In fact, Neville appeared terrified at the thought of trying to do magic at all. Lisa informed me that she had read some of the spell books we had been assigned, but that she hadn't managed to finish them. Ernie appeared more interested in playing a game called gobstones than anything else. When I revealed that I had read all the books we had been set and that I had been practicing some of the spells successfully on my own, Lisa immediately announced that I must be headed for Ravenclaw, the house that she was apparently hoping to end up in. As great as I thought it would be to be recognized for my brains and be in Ravenclaw, I couldn't help but think that I would actually rather be sorted into Gryffindor. Gryffindor was the house for the brave and the noble and from what I've read, it appeared to produce the best witches and wizards. I didn't say any of this to Lisa, but instead I smiled and asked the two boys what house they were hoping to be sorted into. Neville's face suddenly turned downcast. "I'd like to be put in Gryffindor, though I'll probably end up in Hufflepuff," he said sadly. "Are you implying that there's something wrong with Hufflepuff?" Ernie asked, apparently offended. "N-no, why?" Neville asked, suddenly extremely nervous. "I'll have you know that all the members of my family have been Hufflepuffs for generations and I hope to uphold the noble family tradition," he said. "I think I'm going to go find someone who appreciates some Hufflepuff loyalty," he announced, standing up and leaving the compartment. "I d-didn't mean an-anything. R-Really," Neville said, worried and clearly upset. "Don't worry," Lisa said, "he's such a jerk, and he'll probably end up in Slytherin." At Lisa's words, I had to try hard not to smile, not wanting to appear as though I approved of insults, since I knew that her words were meant as an insult. We changed into our robes then, using the bathroom down the hall, figuring we ought to be wearing our uniform when we finally got to Hogwarts. I realized that I had no idea what time we would be arriving, and Lisa and Neville didn't know either. After another hour or so, a smiling witch came by the compartment pushing a food trolley and asked if we wanted something to eat. I looked at the candy on the trolley and had no idea what any of it was. I decided to pass on the sweets, partly because I was a little apprehensive about not knowing what was on the cart, and partly because I had been raised by dentists. Lisa bought something called a licorice wand and Neville bought a chocolate frog. When Neville opened his chocolate frog, it jumped out at him and he grabbed it and bit its head off as though it was perfectly normal. I hid my surprise and tried to arrange my features so that it seemed that I found this perfectly normal too. I turned and looked out the window and as I watched the countryside fly by, I started to become genuinely excited, the butterflies that had been in the pit of my stomach now almost gone. I was heading towards Hogwarts. A while later, Neville became aware that he had lost his toad, Trevor, and became extremely panicked. He searched the entirety of our compartment but couldn't find him. "Oh, Gran's going to kill me," he muttered as he searched his trunk for the eighth time. "Don't worry Neville, I'll help you find Trevor," I said, feeling that I should help in some way. "Yeah, and I'll help too," Lisa said. Neville thanked us and we decided we ought to split up and search the train. Neville went running down to the end of the train, but Lisa and I being a little smarter, decided we should check in each compartment. Lisa went right and I went left, and we travelled down the train checking inside each compartment, asking the people inside if they'd seen Trevor. I was starting to get discouraged and I was hoping that Lisa had found Trevor, when I met up with Neville, who looked, if it was even possible, sadder than he had before. I surmised that he had not found Trevor yet, so I encouraged him to come with me and ask around. I approached the next compartment, but Neville tried to stop me. "I've already asked them," he said, though I didn't really pay attention to this. I slid the compartment door open to reveal a couple of young boys. "Has anyone seen a toad?" I immediately noted two things about the boy sitting on the right. First, it was the same boy that had come into Madam Malkin's that day in Diagon Alley, who'd been arguing with his mother about robes. And secondly, he had his wand raised, as if he'd been about to do a spell. Intrigued, I entered the compartment and took a seat, encouraging the boy to go on with the spell. I was partly interested to see what he was capable of, but mostly nervous that he would be better than me at magic. Not that I should be worrying about being the best yet. Just two nights ago, I'd been worried that I'd be at the bottom of the class. When the spell failed, I immediately felt better about myself. I wanted to show off a little, so I told them about all the spells I'd learned so far, a tone of superiority in my voice. When the boy next to me introduced himself as Harry Potter, I felt myself knocked down a peg. Here I was, bragging about my magical prowess, when he'd already managed to block the darkest curse there was. Starting to feel like I was blowing my chance at making friends with the two boys, I excused myself, claiming that I needed to keep helping Neville to find his toad. I wasn't sure what had made me babble like I had. I hadn't gotten carried away like that with Neville and Lisa. When Neville and I returned to our compartment, Lisa was already there, and she'd also failed to find Trevor. Neville was disappointed, but he seemed to have come to terms with the loss of his toad. Or maybe he was just trying to hide his sorrow.
Chapter 5: My New Home When the train slowly came to a stop at the station, the train hallway became filled with students all trying to get off the train. Lisa, Neville, and I waited until most of the students had cleared out before getting up and joining the rest of the school on the platform. Once we were outside, we could hear someone calling out for the first years. We followed the sound of his voice over to the far side of the platform and found that it belonged to a very large man. He wasn't just big, he was huge. He looked like someone had cast an enlarging charm on him or something. We all followed the man down a narrow path. I found it difficult not to trip and stumble, it was so dark all around and the path was so steep. I heard Neville sniffle beside me, and I knew he wasn't over the toad yet. "Come on Neville, it'll be alright," I tried to reassure him. Unfortunately, it didn't seem to do much good. Suddenly, the path opened up on the edge of a great lake we got our first sight of Hogwarts. It was across the lake, sitting on a high mountain: a vast castle, with turrets and towers, the windows lit, bright and inviting. There were a bunch of boats sitting in the water, and I eagerly climbed into the nearest one which happened to already contain Harry and Ron, from the compartment earlier. Neville climbed in after me, but Lisa had to take a different boat because of the four-person limit. Once everybody was aboard, the boats all started to move of their own accord, pushing us all through the water towards the great magnificent castle looming over us. As we approached, the large man called out to us to duck, and I ducked my head just in time, because the boats had reached the cliff and were being carried through an opening in the cliff face through a dark tunnel. The tunnel finally came out to a harbour, where we all got out of our boats and stepped onto the shore. As we got out of the boats, the large man leading us found a toad following us and asked if it belonged to anyone. Neville excitedly ran forward to be reunited with Trevor, and I smiled, glad that things had ended on a happy note. We headed up a passageway, following the large man, who had a large lamp, which seemed to be the only source of light. We finally reached the grass beside the castle and walked up the stone steps to the front doors. The large man raised his fist and knocked on the door three times. The doors immediately swung open to reveal Professor McGonagall standing in the entrance, wearing either the exact same dark green cloak as she wore when she visited in the summer, or an identical one. I was relieved to see someone I recognized, and I smiled in her direction, but she was too busy with the large man – Hagrid, she called him - to notice me. She pulled the door open more so that we could all get through and I stepped forward into the Entrance Hall of my new school. The room was all stone and there were torches on the walls that provided light for the room. I could see a marble staircase leading out of the hall that presumably led to the rest of the castle. Professor McGonagall led us across the floor and into a small room off to the side. We all crammed in; though I'm sure we could have fit more comfortably if people weren't all squishing each other to get a better view. I could hear a loud hum of voices, so I assumed the rest of the school was already assembled in another room, probably the Great Hall based on what I'd read in Hogwarts: A History. Professor McGonagall greeted the first years then, explaining about the sorting ceremony that was coming up. I knew all this from reading Hogwarts: A History, of course, and didn't need to be told again, but to my surprise, many of the students in the room seemed to be hanging on her every word, like it was the first they were hearing of this. Once again, I felt relief that I wasn't as behind as I'd thought I would be. When Professor McGonagall finished explaining, she left and told us she would be returning shortly to bring us to the ceremony. About thirty seconds later, someone called out, "What the – ?" I turned and saw the Hogwarts ghosts drifting into the room. Everyone seemed quite shocked, and I rolled my eyes again. I'd read about the ghosts of course, though it was quite fascinating to actually see them up close. They were a lot more solid-looking than I'd expected. They were transparent, of course, and had no actual matter to them, but I could still make out every feature of their appearance as if their bodies were really there. Professor McGonagall returned then and kicked the ghosts out, instructing us to form a line and follow her into the Great Hall. I found myself directly behind Neville. As we entered the Great Hall, I looked around for all the things that I had remembered from reading Hogwarts: A History. There were the four long house tables, the floating candles that illuminated the vast Hall, even the ceiling was the way the book had described it. When I noticed Neville looking up at the ceiling in awe, I whispered an explanation to him as to why it looked like it wasn't even there. As we all assembled at the front of the Hall, I saw Professor McGonagall preparing the Sorting Hat on a four-legged stool. I remembered from my reading that the hat traditionally sang a song before the Sorting, so I waited expectantly. It was a pretty generic song. The hat explained the various qualities associated with each house and sang about how it would be the one to decide where each of us would be placed. When it finished it's song, the whole hall burst into applause. Professor McGonagall came forward again, now with a roll of parchment, and I suddenly became extremely nervous. She called the first girl, Hannah Abbott, and the hat quickly declared her a Hufflepuff. As the names were called and it got dangerously close to the G's, my stomach started to clench and even though I'd had nothing to eat since breakfast, I felt like I might be sick. It wasn't that I was afraid of the sorting itself. Though I would like to be sorted into Gryffindor, Ravenclaw wouldn't be all that bad. I doubted I would end up in Hufflepuff or Slytherin, based on the qualities those two houses espoused. It was that I had a lingering fear of being the center of attention. Back in primary school, oral presentations had always been my least favorite thing. Having to stand up in front of the whole class, with them watching me and making fun of me behind their hands, was terrifying. And now I had to get up in front of the whole of Hogwarts. I knew it was different, but my fear was still present. When Anthony Goldstein was sorted into Ravenclaw, I panicked because I thought I would be next, but someone named Gregory Goyle was called before me and I had a minute to compose myself before the Sorting Hat cried out "SLYTHERIN" and Professor McGonagall called my name. I told myself to relax as I ran up the steps to the stool and put the hat over my head. I wanted to get this done right away before I lost my nerve. There was silence for a moment and then I heard a small voice in my ear. "Interesting, interesting, plenty of brains that's obvious, yes, a sure sign of a Ravenclaw, but what's this? I see there's bravery here and definitely the makings of a fine young Gryffindor, but Ravenclaw could really use a mind like this one." I smiled under the hat as it praised my mind. I always liked it when my brain was recognized as a quality rather than made a mockery of. The hat noticed my sudden rush of pride and it made a note that pride was certainly a Gryffindor quality. "Alright then, I suppose you ought to be in – GRYFFINDOR!" the hat finally called out to the entire hall. I jumped off the stool and handed the hat to the next student to be sorted – Daphne Greengrass, and I went to sit at the applauding Gryffindor table, eager for the next student to become the subject of everyone's attention. I watched merrily as Neville became a Gryffindor as well, and though he forgot to remove the Sorting Hat before he came to sit down, I didn't laugh, but congratulated him when he finally sat down at the table next to me. Ernie Macmillan, the boy I had met at the beginning of the train ride became a Hufflepuff just as he'd wished. When Harry Potter's name was called, the tension in the hall became tangible. I suppose everyone was eager for him to end up in their house because of his fame. The hat took a significantly long time deciding where to place him, but it finally shouted "GRYFFINDOR!" and the whole table burst into the loudest applause anyone had yet received. When Lisa's turn came, I sat up a little straighter and when she was announced to be a Ravenclaw, I clapped along with the Ravenclaw table and tried to catch her eye to smile, but she didn't turn my way. It was too bad she wasn't in Gryffindor – she'd have made a great friend – but I was glad she got the house she'd wanted. After Lisa, the other boy from the train, Ron, was sorted into Gryffindor, and then the last boy, Blaise Zabini, was sent to Slytherin. When the Sorting was over, the Headmaster, Albus Dumbledore, rose to make a speech. It was one of the strangest speeches I'd ever heard, and I wondered if he was completely sane. All the books I'd read about him said he was the wisest and smartest wizard in all of history, but would the most intelligent man alive really use the word 'blubber'? Suddenly, all the empty plates and bowls sitting in front of me were filled with food, by magic of course, and everyone began to eat. I helped myself to some roast beef and potatoes and made sure to take peas and carrots, because Mum and Dad would want me to eat my vegetables. The older boy next to me introduced himself as Percy Weasley, and I guessed that he was the brother Ron had been complaining to his mother about – the one who'd been made a prefect. When Percy informed me that he was a prefect, my suspicions were conformed. I decided he was responsible, since the school had given him a position of authority, and I started to talk to him about classes. "Potions should be very interesting," I said to Percy. "Oh yes, Professor Snape teaches potions. He's a great teacher, but a little surly. He wants the Defense Against the Dark Arts post pretty badly," Percy replied. "And I've been practicing a few basic charms, but I don't believe I've gotten very far," I continued. "Though I've noticed that most of the other first years haven't seemed to have practiced much at all, so perhaps I'm more advanced than I'd thought." I chatted with Percy for awhile, and then talked with Neville for a bit, as he was seated on my other side. When dinner was over, the Headmaster got up again to address the students and then dismissed us so that we could go up to our dormitories. As Percy was a prefect, he took charge of the first year Gryffindors, leading us up the stairs and through the castle to the seventh floor, where our dormitories were housed. When we finally reached the dormitories, Percy gave the password to the portrait of a relatively overweight lady wearing a pink dress. The portrait swung open to reveal the common room – which was filled with armchairs and tables and had a lovely couch by the fire. Everything was decorated in scarlet and gold; those begin the Gryffindor colors. Percy told us that the girl's dormitories were through the door on the left, so I followed the other girls through it and up a spiral staircase into a room with a plaque on it reading First Years. The dormitory was a circular room with five four-poster beds that had deep scarlet curtains hanging from them. I found that my trunk was already at the foot of my bed, so I went right to that bed and sat down, very tired. While the other girls all started talking and introducing each other, I got dressed in my pyjamas and went straight to bed, too exhausted to try to join in a conversation about cute boys and whether the uniform restrictions would allow for painted nails.
Chapter 6: First Day When I woke up the next morning, there was only one other girl still in the dormitory. She introduced herself as Lavender Brown. She told me that two of the other girls in our dorm, Sally-Anne Perks and Lily Moon, had woken up very early and left right away. I asked about the last girl, since there were five girls sleeping in our dorm, and Lavender told me she was just in the bathroom. I began to gather my things and I got ready for the day. When the last girl, Parvati Patil, emerged from the bathroom, she said hi, and then she and Lavender left for breakfast, leaving me alone in the dorm. I vaguely wondered if maybe it had been a mistake not to participate in the conversation the previous night. Had I already alienated my roommates so far that they wouldn't want to be friends? I decided it didn't matter. Based on their conversations, they weren't really the kinds of people I would get along with. Lisa Turpin and I had gotten on pretty well on the train, so I decided that she would be my first attempt at a proper friend. Once I was ready and had piled all my books into my bag, I headed down to the Great Hall. I still hadn't received my timetable, and I wasn't sure what books I would need today, so I decided to bring everything. My bag was quite heavy. When I got to the Great Hall, I sat down next to Neville, who was looking rather lonely. All the other first year Gryffindor boys were talking together a little way down the table, but for some reason Neville had been excluded. I realized that Neville also would be a good candidate for a friend, because he and I had that in common – being shunned by our classmates. "Are you excited to be starting classes?" I asked him. I certainly was. Neville, on the other hand, did not appear to be looking forward to classes. "No, not at all," he replied. "I'm going to be rubbish, I'm sure of it." I tried to cheer Neville up by telling him he would do great, but I don't think I did a very good job. I found myself a little discouraged. If Neville didn't enjoy school, then maybe he wasn't a great choice for a friend. We wouldn't have too much to talk about with school out of the picture. Once breakfast was over, Professor McGonagall came around and handed out our timetables. I glanced at it quickly to see where I would be going and saw, to my delight, that my first class was History of Magic. Since I didn't yet know my way around the castle, I found a prefect and asked her where the classroom was. She gave me some directions, and after thanking her, I led Neville out of the Great Hall to go to class. History of Magic turned out to be quite fascinating. I had already read the whole textbook, but Professor Binns provided details that weren't actually in the book. I made sure to copy down very thorough notes since I was sure I wouldn't remember everything by the end of the year when I would have to write an exam. I noticed that I was the only one taking notes, and I sighed to myself. I suppose if the entire rest of the class wanted to fail that was their own choice. The other really exciting thing about History of Magic was that Professor Binns was a ghost. He didn't mention how old he was, but it was clear that he had been dead for quite a long time, which meant that some of the history he was teaching, he would have lived through! I was very much looking forward to getting a first-hand account of some of the events that I'd read about in my textbook. It was quite a smart move, on the Headmaster's part, employing a ghost for this particular subject, I thought. After History of Magic, we had Herbology, which was in the greenhouses. I followed my classmates in the hopes that they knew where they were going, since I didn't see a prefect anywhere around. Neville actually enjoyed Herbology, and I actually saw him smile, something I hadn't seen yet all day. After Herbology, it was time for lunch, so we all returned to the Great Hall. I decided that it was time to see about making some real friends, so I scoped out the Ravenclaw table until I spotted Lisa Turpin sitting amongst some of our Ravenclaw classmates and went over to join them. "Hi Lisa," I said merrily, taking a seat across the table from her. I didn't know the names of the rest of the girls yet, so I avoided that little awkwardness by smiling at them each in turn. "How's your first day been? So far, I've had History of Magic and Herbology, and I have to say they were both simply fascinating." "Uh, Hermione, what are you doing?" Lisa frowned, glancing around, as if to make sure nobody was watching. "What do you mean?" I asked. "I just thought I'd come over for a chat, eat some lunch." I grabbed a sandwich from a platter in the middle of the table and put it on my plate. "Hermione, you can't sit here," Lisa said in a hushed voice. "Why not?" I asked, looking around to the other first years. They were all nodding their heads along with Lisa and I felt like I'd swallowed a brick. "You're in Gryffindor," Lisa explained. "You need to eat at the Gryffindor table. You can't eat over here at Ravenclaw." "What's the big deal?" I frowned. "I'm sure lots of people eat with their friends at other house's tables." "Hermione," Lisa said gently. "Look, yesterday was fun, on the train and all, but now that we've been sorted, things are going to have to be different. I'm in Ravenclaw and you're in Gryffindor. So, I need to be friends with the Ravenclaws, and you need to be friends with the Gryffindors." "But all my roommates want to talk about is boys and nail polish," I protested. "You actually have an interest in school." Lisa shrugged. "I'm sorry Hermione, I don't know what to tell you. Maybe you should have told the hat you wanted to be in Ravenclaw." "I don't think that's really how the hat works," I muttered. "Either way," Lisa said. "You've got to go." Reluctantly, I rose from the table and walked away. A multitude of emotions were running through me. I was feeling embarrassed, for the way that the Ravenclaws had rejected me. I was feeling lonely, because the only like-minded people at this school had made it clear that I couldn't be friends with them. And I was feeling uncomfortable, because I could feel the eyes of the Ravenclaws on me as I walked away, and I knew that they were gossiping about me. I glanced over at the Gryffindor table, trying to decide where to sit, but ultimately decided just to go to the library and study instead. This lunch period had been stressful enough. I just needed to wind down by going over my notes from my first two classes again. After lunch was Transfiguration. Professor McGonagall taught Transfiguration and it was the first class where we got to try casting actual spells. We were supposed to be turning a match into a needle. I hadn't practiced this at home, but about halfway through the class I was successful, and Professor McGonagall showed the whole class. Nobody else had been able to do the transfiguration so I smiled smugly, glad to be back in my element, which was doing well in school. At least one thing hadn't changed. After Transfiguration was Charms. After my success in transfiguration, my confidence was back up, and I decided to try my hand at making friends again. I took a seat with Lavender and Parvati, thinking that maybe I could befriend them by showing them how much I already knew about Charms. "Hey girls," I greeted them, interrupting whatever conversation they'd been having. "Oh," Parvati said, looking up at me. "Hi Hermione. Are you going to join us?" "Yeah, I thought I might," I nodded. "We were just talking about Seamus," Lavender said with a giggle. "Don't you think he has the most adorable little ears?" "Oh," I said, feeling completely out of my element. "Sure, I guess so." I didn't really have an opinion, but it was clear that I was supposed to agree. "So, are you excited about our first Charms class? What charm do you think we'll start with? Personally, I'm hoping either for the levitation charm, or the unlocking charm. Those are my best two so far. I can do the wand-lighting charm as well, but my light isn't as strong as I'd like it to be. Of course, that may all change once Professor Flitwick teaches the lesson. Maybe I've been doing it wrong this whole time." "Yeah," Lavender said. "Right. So anyway, Parvati…" I sagged my shoulders as Lavender turned her back to me and continued her conversation with the other girl. Clearly, I needed to work on my conversation skills. I suspected that my problem was the way I had a habit of rambling when I was nervous. I needed to stop talking about myself so much and learn to ask more questions. In the end, Charms class was a bit of a letdown. We didn't cast any actual spells; Professor Flitwick simply began to explain the various theories we would be covering that year. When classes were over for the day, I decided that I'd had enough of trying and failing to make friends. I was exhausted, and all I wanted to do was relax. So, I headed to the library yet again, and started to go over my notes from the second half of the day. When I'd finished revising, I decided to get up and explore the shelves. Since it was only our first day, the Professors had decided not to give us any homework. It had been a little disappointing at first, but it did give me time to explore, so I didn't mind too much. I spent almost two hours just walking through the library, learning the organizational system, where the different sections were located, and randomly pulling books off of shelves to get a feel for all the different topics that were available to me to read. By the time dinner rolled around, I'd selected two volumes to borrow and brought them up to the front desk, where the librarian was shuffling through some paperwork. "Excuse me?" I said to get her attention. "I'd like to check out these books." "First year?" the librarian snapped, grabbing the books away from me and flipping to the back, where the slip for keeping track of loans was kept. "I have very strict rules about borrowing books," she said. "No eating near my books. No writing in my books. No taking my books into the bathroom, even if they're just inside your bag. Never carry ink in the same bag as my books. Never fold over the corner of a page to keep your place – if you need a bookmark, I can provide you with one." "Oh, don't worry about that," I assured the librarian. "I have about twenty bookmarks back in my trunk. I'll take very good care of these." "See that you do, Miss…?" "Hermione Granger," I gave her my name for the loan cards, and she scribbled it down, adding a stamp with the current date. "You have two weeks before these are due back," the librarian declared. "If they've been marred in any way, you'll find your book borrowing privileges revoked faster than you can say 'library'." "Understood," I said seriously. Though her warnings were wasted on me – I would never bring a library book back in less than pristine condition – I respected her need to ensure I took proper care of the books. I appreciated her rigorous and severe attitude in that regard.
Chapter 7: It's Not So Easy, Making Friends When I awoke the next morning, I found that Lily and Sally-Anne were getting dressed, so I hurried to get ready and joined them as they headed down to the Great Hall. "Isn't it a lovely morning?" I asked, coming up behind them. "Oh, sure I guess so," Lily shrugged. She pointed out the window. "If you like rainy days." I felt my face heat up in embarrassment. I hadn't even checked to see what the weather was like. I'd just been trying to make small talk. "So, it looks like we've got Defence Against the Dark Arts first thing," I said conversationally. "That should be interesting." "Oh yes, I've been looking forward to that class since we got our schedules yesterday morning," Sally-Anne agreed. Excited to finally have someone interested in a class, I jumped on this. "I wonder what we'll start with," I said eagerly. "There's curses and counter-curses, hexes and jinxes, defence against dark creatures…" "I just can't believe that we're going to have Defence Against the Dark Arts with Harry Potter in the room," Lily said, going starry eyed. I frowned. What was the big deal? What did it matter if Harry was in this class in particular? "But he's been in all our other classes," I pointed out. "Why would Defence Against the Dark Arts be any different from Herbology?" Lily and Sally-Anne both craned their heads around to look at me like I had two heads. "Hermione, don't you realize who he is?" Lily asked emphatically. I shrugged. "Well sure," I nodded. I'd read about Harry. I knew his story just like everyone else. "So, then you know that he's probably got tons of secret hidden powers," Lily went on. "And if there's a class where he might reveal something like that, Defence Against the Dark Arts is the place." "Hmm," I hummed. "I don't know. I mean, he was a baby at the time. I don't think he necessarily did anything to stop the curse. I think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named messed the curse up." Sally-Anne and Lily both rolled their eyes. "You don't understand anything, do you?" Sally-Anne groaned, making me feel small and insignificant. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was insanely powerful. He'd killed hundreds of people, and tons of witches and wizards had tried to stop him. He didn't just 'mess up'. He was stopped." I shrugged. If Sally-Anne and Lily were going to insist that a one-year-old somehow had secret powers I wasn't going to argue. And they did make a good point. I'd just entered the wizarding world. Sure, I'd read a few books, but there were still tons I didn't know. I shouldn't be assuming that I had all the knowledge. "Anyway, what I can't understand is why Harry Potter has been spending all his time hanging around with Ron Weasley," Lily said as we reached the Great Hall and took seats near the front of the room. Harry and Ron were seated about halfway down the table, and Lily looked at Ron with a look of condescension. "Why?" I couldn't help but ask. "What's wrong with Ron?" Lily shrugged. "Oh, nothing, I guess. But it's not like that family is anything special. We'd all just figured that he'd align himself with the most prominent wizarding families once he'd arrived. Instead he's hanging out with second-hand Weasley." I frowned. It was obvious to me that Ron's family had money problems. My first clue had been the scene I'd witnessed at Madam Malkin's, and now Lily's comment confirmed it. But it was no reason to look down on someone. It wasn't Ron's fault his family had less money than others, the same way it wasn't my fault I'd been born into a non-magical family. "Yeah," Sally-Anne agreed. "But hey, I've got to give Weasley props. Whatever he's doing, he should keep doing it. He's already the second most popular kid in first year, second to Harry of course. He sure does know what he's doing. I might have to take notes." At this, my mind raced into overdrive at the possibilities. If I wanted to make friends, I needed to raise my social standing. And if Ron had made himself the second most popular first year just by hanging out with Harry, then there was only one thing for it. I needed to become friends with them too. I tried sitting with Harry and Ron in Defence Against the Dark Arts, but Lily and Sally-Anne claimed the seats before I had a chance, so I ended up sitting with Neville. I tried again in History of Magic, but they took seats in the far back corner, and I just couldn't bring myself to sit so far away from the front. It was hard enough paying attention in the front row when the rest of the class was goofing off or falling asleep. I told myself that lunch would be a good time to re-introduce myself, but they were sitting with Seamus and Dean and I decided that it would be best to wait until it was just the two of them. Finally, I got fed up, and just came up and joined them in the hallway as we were walking from the Great Hall up to the Charms classroom on the second floor. "I don't believe it," Ron was saying. "There's no way muggles actually pay money to watch a bunch of guys run around and kick a ball. Dean's having me on." "No really Ron," Harry insisted. "Dean's right, it's called football and it's really quite popular." "I understand your disbelief, Ron," I said, jumping into the conversation without invitation. "It's always baffled me how people can get so excited about sports. It doesn't take brains to run around a field for an hour or two." Ron turned and gave me a haughty look. "I never said I didn't like sports. I'm a Chudley Cannons fan all the way. I just don't see how this… football… can compare to something like Quidditch." "Quidditch?" I frowned. The was word unfamiliar to me. "Merlin, don't you know anything?" Ron cried. "It's only the best wizarding sport ever invented! Here's a thought, you like to read, don't you? Why don't you scram and go read up about Quidditch? Learn something that's actually useful." It felt like a slap in the face. I immediately stopped walking, letting Harry and Ron get ahead of me while I processed what had just happened. Ron had been very patronizing, but then again, I had just inserted myself into the conversation. Perhaps I'd thrown him. The real problem was that he'd known about something that I didn't. I'd been blind sighted when he's brought up the topic of 'quidditch'. Ron was right. What I really needed to do was go to the library after class and read up on the subject. Then I'd be ready for my next conversation attempt with the two boys. Over the course of the rest of the week, I continued to try to make friends with my housemates. Unfortunately, Lavender and Parvati seemed more interested in talking about boys than anything else – a conversation topic I was unable to participate in for longer than a few seconds. Sally-Anne and Lily were alright company, but I could tell that they got quickly annoyed with my presence when I sat with them. Harry and Ron were still my primary targets, but it was so hard trying to befriend a couple of boys. I didn't share any of their interests and their mannerisms were so foreign to me. One day I saw them punching each other's fists, and I couldn't understand why they would undertake such a violent action when they appeared to be in such a good mood. I ended up spending a good deal of my time alone in the library, reading and revising. As the level of homework started to pick up, Neville started joining me more and more often. I didn't mind the company, until I realized how easy it was for Neville to drive himself into a state when he didn't know the answer to something. It made me anxious for him, which was an added burden I just didn't need. On Friday, we had our first potions class with Professor Snape. I'd heard a lot of different things about our potions Professor. Percy had said he was a good teacher, but others had said that he was prejudiced against Gryffindor house, which made me nervous. I was anxious to impress him and made sure that I was extremely prepared when I sat down at one of the desks in the dungeons. It was immediately obvious that Professor Snape did not like Harry. Almost as soon as he noticed the boy in the class, he started bombarding him with potions-related questions. Eager to make a good impression, my hand shot into the air when the first question was posed. When Harry didn't know the answer, I waved my hand around for good measure, hoping the Professor would call on me and give me a chance to show off my knowledge. Instead, he posed a second question, again one I knew the answer to. I wondered whether he'd even seen my hand raised and stretched it as high as it could go. It was started to get tired, but I refused to lower it. When Harry again didn't have an answer, a Professor Snape came up with a third question. It was a trick question, one of my favorites. The Professor's attention was so completely focused on Harry though, and I needed him to see that I knew the answer, so I stood up out of my chair, my hand still raised, as I tried to get his attention. Finally, Harry suggested that Professor Snape call on me and my heart leapt as I imagined all the points I might win for Gryffindor for being so prepared. Unfortunately, Professor Snape was not interested in having me answer. He ordered me to sit and then proceeded to give the correct answers himself. I couldn't understand it. Why wouldn't he have let me answer. I knew the answers, and even if I hadn't, wasn't the point of school to have us try? Why would he ask the questions if he was just going to give us the answers himself anyway? I didn't bother to write down the answers. I'd known them, and in fact, if I'd been called on, I could have gone into even more detail than Professor Snape had in his brief explanations of each of the three questions. Glancing around the room, I noticed that quite a few people were snickering behind their hands, and I felt bad for Harry. It wasn't his fault he hadn't known the answers. He'd been raised in the muggle world and probably hadn't had time to read ahead like me. As I sent a scowl in Lavender and Parvati's direction for mocking Harry though, I noticed that they weren't laughing and pointing at him. They were laughing and pointing at me. When they saw that I was watching, Lavender put her hand up in the air and started waving it around, making a face that looked like she was constipated. Parvati dissolved into a fit of giggles, the two only stopping when Professor Snape spun around and gave them a deathly glare. I felt my face heat up in humiliation as I realized that they were making fun of me. As I looked around at everyone snickering and whispering behind their textbooks, I realized that the whole class was laughing at me, and my face went from faintly pink to red as a tomato. I sunk a little in my chair, wishing I was anywhere but here. Thankfully, Professor Snape started the actual lesson then, and everybody suddenly became very focused on notetaking, which meant that they weren't looking at me anymore. I swallowed as I tried to calm my nerves. My whole body was shaking, and my pulse was thundering. But I was in class, and I needed to pay attention, so I pushed it all away and focused on what needed to be done.
Chapter 8: Better Off Alone I spent the rest of my day with my head down, trying not to draw attention to myself. Thankfully, we had Friday afternoons off, so I found myself a quiet spot in the library and kept out of everyone's way. My hope was that if I waited long enough, everyone would forget, or someone else would do something more embarrassing, and the heat would be off me. I waited until the vey last minute before curfew to head back to Gryffindor Tower. I wasn't insane and had no intention of being caught in the corridors after hours, but I also wanted to postpone my return to the dormitory as long as possible. As I climbed the stairs, I convinced myself that I had nothing to worry about. Nobody was going to be making fun of me now. It had happened, and it was over. I'd moved on, and so had everyone else, I was sure. I pushed open the door to my dormitory to find Lavender, Parvati, Sally-Anne, and Lily all huddled on Lavender's bed. They were clearly giggling about something, so I went over and asked what was going on, hoping to be allowed to join in. "Ooh Professor Snape, pick me, pick me!" Lavender cried, shooting her hand up into the air and waving it around like an American with a foam finger at a baseball game. I felt my spirits plummet. "I know the answer. Please call on me. If you don't call on me, I'll die," Parvati added, much to the glee of the other girls. "I know all the answers, because I spend all my time reading textbooks in the library, and have no life" Lily jumped in. "That's not fair!" I exclaimed. "I do so have a life. And friends." It was a feeble argument, but I couldn't just stand there letting them disparage me. "What, you mean Longbottom?" Lavender challenged me, getting up from her bed so that she was facing me. "Sure, if you can call that a friendship. Looks to me more like you just do your homework next to each other. Do you do anything besides homework, like ever?" "Sure I do," I defended myself, taking a step back. Lavender was starting to crowd me and I could feel myself starting to shake. "I mean besides read for fun, you little bookworm," Lavender said, advancing on me. Suddenly, in my mind, her face morphed into that of Nancy Hummel and I was right back on the playground of my old primary school. "What's that you've got there?" Nancy demanded, grabbing my book out of my hands. It was the autobiography of an accomplished female scientist that my parents had gotten me for Christmas. "Just a book," I replied, reaching to grab the book back. But Nancy held it up high, and because she was just that much taller than me, I couldn't reach it. "Come on, give it back!" I cried, jumping in an effort to wrench the book from her hands. "What do you think, girls?" Nancy asked, looking to her friends, who surrounded us. "Should I give the bookworm back her book?" Her friends started laughing and shaking their heads, and Nancy laughed along with them. Then she tossed the book into a nearby puddle. "Go and get it," she said to me, pointing at the now ruined book. Humiliated, I went and picked the book up out of the puddle, holding it out so that the water could run off the pages. "I bet she's going to take it home and blow-dry out the pages," Nancy laughed as she and her friends turned away from me. "What a nerd." "Don't call me a bookworm!" I cried, tears springing to my eyes. I spun around and crossed the landing to our shared bathroom, shutting and locking the door behind me. For all my efforts, for all my attempts at making friends, I'd failed. I was right back where I'd been when I was in the muggle world. Whether it was Nancy Hummel or Lavender Brown, someone was always going to mock and make fun of me. Maybe there was something about me that repelled other kids. Professors seemed to like me well enough. Not Professor Snape, but Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick had already taken quite a liking to me. And Madam Pince had taken to smiling at me whenever I entered the library. I sank to the floor and pulled my knees up to my chin, wrapping my arms around my legs. Why did girls have to be so mean? Lavender and Parvati, Sally-Anne and Lily… why couldn't just one of them have been nice to me, tried to include me, stuck up for me back there? Neville wasn't like that. In fact, none of the boys here had made fun of me like the girls had. Maybe that was the answer. Maybe what I needed were guy friends. Maybe I just wasn't the type of girl that bonded well with girls. Gathering myself up off the floor, I switched on the shower and began to get ready for bed, hoping that by the time I was finished in the bathroom, the other girls would have gone to sleep. I'd face them in the morning, once I'd had a chance to sleep away all my emotions. And when I did, it would be with my head held high. Over the course of the next week, I really tried to make friends with some of the Gryffindor boys. Unfortunately, all any of them seemed to want to talk about was flying and Quidditch, a topic I couldn't relate to in the slightest. We started flying lessons that week, and I'd hoped that maybe I'd find that it wasn't as bad as I'd expected, but after Neville injured himself and had to go to the hospital wing, I knew that flying was never going to be my thing. The night after that first flying lesson, I overheard some Slytherin boys challenge Harry and Ron to an after-hours wizard's duel. I was appalled that they would suggest something like that, and even more appalled that Harry and Ron agreed. I tried to intervene, but Harry and Ron wouldn't listen to me. I was extremely annoyed with them both, and even more so when I got stuck tagging along on their foolish mission after getting locked out of the common room. By the time we'd returned, having just barely escaped from the three-headed-dog, I was furious. If this was what friendship with Harry and Ron was going to look like, I didn't want any part of it. I would sooner spend my days in the library with Neville than risking expulsion. So, the next day, instead of trying to sit with Harry and Ron, or even with Seamus and Dean, I sat alone at the end of the table in the Great Hall and composed a letter to my parents, realizing that it had been far too long and that I owed them a letter. Dear Mum and Dad, How are you? I'm quite enjoying Hogwarts. I made a couple of friends on the train, Neville and Lisa, though Lisa is not in my house, so I don't really talk to her anymore. I decided not to mention the fact that she'd outright told me we couldn't be friends because of our different houses. Mum and Dad didn't need all the details about my complete failure in the friendship department. My classes are quite fun. I'm very good at Transfiguration and Charms, and I'm the only one who pays attention during History of Magic. I do enjoy brewing Potions, but the teacher, Professor Snape, doesn't seem to like me very much. Professor McGonagall does though, you remember her? She was the one who came to visit us in the summer. She gave me five points because I knew what a Switching Spell was. The librarian, Madam Pince, is also very nice. I come to the library almost every day so she sees me often and she recognizes me now and smiles when I arrive. I'm studying hard, as always, so don't worry about that. I hope to hear from you soon. Love, Hermione I left out anything about my dormmates, or Harry and Ron and the incident the previous night. Mum and Dad would only worry if I told them any of that, and there was nothing for them to be worried about. So instead, I focused my letter on my classes and left it at that. When I was finished writing my letter, I left the Great Hall and headed for the owlery to borrow one of the school owls, since I didn't have one of my own. As I watched the owl fly away with my letter, I hoped my parents had had enough time to come to terms with everything and that they would be as excited as I was that I was attending Hogwarts. At the end of that second week, Professor McGonagall came to find me in the library. "Good afternoon, Hermione," she greeted me. I looked up from my potions essay, surprised to see the Transfiguration teacher so far from the Transfiguration classroom. "Good afternoon, Professor McGonagall," I returned the greeting. "Can I help you with something?" "I thought we might go back to my office and have a little chat," Professor McGonagall said. "Talk about how you're settling in." "Sure, I guess so," I agreed readily. My potions essay could wait, it wasn't due until next week. Professor McGonagall's office wasn't far from the library. When we arrived, she took a seat behind her desk and gestured to the chairs in front of it, indicating that I should sit down. She offered me some tea, which I accepted, figuring it was polite. "So, Hermione, how are things going?" she asked, taking a sip of her tea. "Things are good," I said. "I simply adore Transfiguration of course." I earned a smile with this statement. "And History of Magic is truly fascinating. I'm quite good at Charms as well." "Professor Flitwick is very impressed with you," Professor McGonagall stated. I beamed with pride at this statement. "You are certainly excelling in all your classes," Professor McGonagall commended me. "It is always a concern that there could be an adjustment period for our muggle-born students during the first month, but you've adapted quite quickly." "I'm vey adaptable," I agreed. "I have noticed that you don't spend a great deal of time with your classmates," Professor McGonagall said then. "You sit apart from the others at meals, you spend your free time studying in the library. I'm worried that you aren't socializing enough." "I socialize," I frowned, not liking the direction our conversation was taking. "Neville studies with me sometimes, and I don't always eat alone." "It's true that you and Mr. Longbottom spend some time together, but you don't appear to do much more than homework," Professor McGonagall noted. "Your other classmates are all starting to form solid friendships, and I would hate for you to be left out of that because you waited too long to integrate yourself." Too late, I thought to myself bitterly. "Professor McGonagall," I said, choosing my words carefully. "I appreciate your concern, but I'm just happier on my own. If you don't mind, I do have a potions essay to write, so if we're done here…?" I stood, to indicate that I was through with the conversation, and Professor McGonagall sighed. "My door is always open, Hermione," she said as I made my way to the door. "If there's ever anything you want to talk about, you can come to me." I nodded and slipped out into the corridor. I couldn't believe that Professor McGonagall had ambushed me like that. How was it any of her business what I did with my free time? So long as I was doing well in classes, she had no right to interfere in my life. Reluctantly, I decided that for my own good, and for the sake of keeping Professor McGonagall off my back, I would endeavor to at least make it look like I had friends. I would sit near my classmates at mealtimes, try to spend some of my time in the common room instead of always being in the library, and hopefully that would do the trick.
Chapter 9: Twelfth Birthday The morning of my birthday, I awoke to a beautiful day. The sun was shining, it was warm, and we had Transfiguration class first thing. I rose before any of my dormmates awoke and dressed and showered quickly. I didn't feel like dealing with them that particular morning, and instead hurried to get down to the Great Hall before any of them could ruin my special day with an insult. Content to be alone, I settled into a nice breakfast. I opened up the library book I was currently reading, A History of Wandmaking, and began to butter my toast. At some point, Neville joined me, taking a seat across the table and frantically trying to finish his essay for Professor Snape. "Oh, by the way, happy birthday," he added, about halfway through his meal. "It's today, isn't it?" "That's right," I nodded. I tried not to be disappointed that the only person at Hogwarts that I'd told about my birthday had almost forgotten it. The mail came, and I waited eagerly for an owl to bring me a letter or package from home. Mum and Dad hadn't answered my letter yet, and I was hoping it was because they were waiting for my birthday to send something. When the last of the owls cleared out of the Great Hall and I hadn't received anything, I wondered if maybe they hadn't figured out how the wizarding postage system worked and decided to write them a letter at lunch explaining it. As always, I was very excited for Transfiguration class. It was rapidly becoming my favorite class at Hogwarts, and I also happened to be exceptionally good at it. I was a little later than usual arriving to class, as I'd gotten quite caught up in my book about wandmaking, and the only seat left was next to Sally-Anne and Lily. Figuring it was better than sitting with Lavender and Parvati, I took a seat, ignoring the two girls, and preparing myself for class. "Neville told us it was your birthday today," Lily said as we waited for Professor McGonagall. "Why would he do that?" I frowned. Neville knew I didn't get along with my roommates. I figured he was probably just hoping that it would bring us together, them celebrating my birthday. Not that that would ever have worked. Lily shrugged. "Lily, don't you think it would be so lame not to have anyone to celebrate your birthday with?" Sally-Anne asked, pointedly not looking at me. "So lame," Lily agreed. "But then, some people are just so uncool, nobody would want to be friends with them." I had to bite my lip to prevent myself from crying right there in class. It was bad enough that I didn't have anyone to celebrate my birthday with. Not only did my one 'friend' almost forget to even wish me a happy birthday, my parents seemed to have forgotten too. I didn't need to be reminded by Lily and Sally-Anne that nobody liked me. Professor McGonagall arrived, and I immediately put up my hand. "Yes, Hermione?" Professor McGonagall called on me. "I need to go to the bathroom," I said in a rush. Professor McGonagall nodded. "Go ahead," she said. As soon as I'd passed through the door into the corridor, I could feel the tears forming. I hated missing class, but I couldn't stay sitting next to the two girls after the way they'd been making fun of me. I just needed a minute to clear my head. Because I hate to lie, I made my way to the nearest bathroom and sat myself down on one of the toilets, dropping my head into my hands as more tears started to fall. It wasn't my fault I was so unpopular. I'd tried making friends, but nobody had wanted to be friends with me. There had to be something wrong with me. Once I'd cried away all my tears, I decided that I needed to stop feeling sorry for myself. I got out a quill and some parchment, and I began to compose a letter to my parents. Dear Mum and Dad, It's my birthday today! I'm sure you didn't forget. You probably just couldn't find an owl, which isn't surprising since you don't live in a magical castle with an owlery like me. I probably forgot to tell you though, that there are wizards working in the muggle post offices that will intercept any wizarding mail. So, all you need to do is mail me your letters like normal and address them to Hogwarts, and the undercover mail wizards will see that they get to the right place. Classes are going well. Transfiguration is definitely my favorite. It's very logical and requires perfect precision, which as you know is one of my specialities. History of Magic is quite possibly my second favorite class. There's obviously no practical component there, but we have to do a ton of reading. It's fascinating to see the comparisons between muggle and wizarding history. My least favorite class is probably Herbology, but don't tell Professor Sprout. It's all about growing magical plants, which is all well and good, except that it requires a lot of manual labor without much reward. And it's not like it takes special skill to water a plant. I've also been doing some light reading on the side, so that I can be sure to keep up with the students born into wizarding families. Right now, I'm reading about the history of wandmaking, and I have to say it's fascinating. Did you know that witches and wizards used to do magic without wands? One day some old wizard fashioned the first wand to better channel his magic, and eventually, wands became so widespread and so heavily relied upon that the ability to do wandless magic became something only the most advanced wizards could do. So now my goal is to one day master wandless magic. If the witches and wizards of old could do it, why not me? Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Love, Hermione When I finished the letter, I put it away in my bag with my other things and returned to class. I wasn't going to skip the whole lesson – that would be incredibly irresponsible. Then, at lunch, I skipped eating in the Great Hall and instead headed up to the owlery to mail my letter. With any luck, it would reach my parents today, and I would have a response from them by tomorrow. That evening, I studied in the library until about an hour before curfew and then headed up to the common room for the remainder of the night. My plan had been to find a cozy armchair in a corner somewhere and keep reading my book. However, when I arrived, I noticed Harry and Ron playing a game of wizard's chess and became intrigued. I'd never played chess before. I'd always wanted to, but Mum and Dad didn't play, and I'd never had any friends to play against. It was a game of logic, so I knew that if I ever did play, I would undoubtedly excel at it. Wandering over to Harry and Ron, I decided to try my luck at friend-making one more time. "Hello boys," I greeted them. "Playing a game of wizard's chess, I see?" The boys glanced up at me, with expressions that read 'why are you talking to us?'. I took a deep breath and sat down between the two of them. "Maybe I can play the winner?" I inquired. "I don't think so," Ron shook his head. "I don't play against girls." "Well what if Harry wins?" Ron laughed, and Harry glared at him. "What?" Ron demanded, looking at the other boy. "You know you're not going to win. You barely know what you're doing, and I've never lost a match." Harry gave in and nodded. "True," he agreed. "Never lost a match until now," I said, my tone a clear challenge. "Because I'm going to crush you." "We just told you, you can't play," Ron said, turning to look at me again. "Go read a book or something." Grabbing my bag, I made a show of storming away and up to my dormitory. If Ron didn't want to play, that was fine. I'd just read my book in bed. It would probably be more interesting anyway. I told myself that Ron was just scared. He'd never lost a match, and he knew if he played me, then I would win. He didn't want to lose, especially in front of his friend. It would be embarrassing. The next morning, I waited anxiously as the mail was delivered for an owl to bring me a letter from my parents. When nothing arrived, I figured it would probably just arrive later in the day. Through all my classes, I watched the windows for any sign of an owl. I watched the ceiling through lunch and dinner, and when I returned to my dorm that night, I opened the window wide, in the hopes that a nice barn owl might swoop in and drop a letter for me on my bed. But nothing arrived. I waited all week, and still nothing came. I wondered whether I hadn't been clear in my last letter and decided to compose another, this time not leaving any room for confusion. Dear Mum and Dad, I still haven't received any letters from you this year, and I wondered if maybe you were still unsure about the whole postage system situation. It's very simple really. Just mail your letters like you normally would in a regular mailbox, and they'll find their way to me. You'll still need a stamp – the undercover wizards will use that as payment for the owl. Owls don't deliver mail for free; you know. We've started having our first assessments in class. Did you know that in the wizarding world, they grade on a different scale than in the muggle world? Instead of using the letters of the alphabet in alphabetical order, the letters represent the quality of your work. So, an A is really an O, for outstanding, a B is an E, for exceeds expectations, a C is an A, for acceptable, a D is a P for poor, and an F is a D for dreadful. Hogwarts also has a sixth letter grade; T. It stands for troll, which is even worse than dreadful. I can't even imagine how poorly someone would have to perform to receive a grade of T. I've only received O's on my assignments so far, of course. Anything less would be completely unacceptable. I'm quite looking forward to writing the exams, though I still have a while to go before we get to that. Professor McGonagall says that if I continue the way I've been going so far, I could break the school record for student with the top marks. Please write back soon. I miss you both terribly. Love, Hermione I sent this third letter off with yet another school owl, and watched it fly away wistfully. I hoped my parents wrote me back soon. It was strange, being so far away from them. And with everyone always making fun of me and not wanting to hang out with me, I really needed my parents' support. Last year, anytime Nancy Hummel would tease me, I could come home and hug Mum and Dad and feel loads better. But here, Lavender and Parvati would make fun of me, and I would have nowhere to go, no one to hug. I didn't regret coming to Hogwarts one bit, but sometimes I really wished it wasn't a boarding school.
Chapter 10: Friendship Over the next weeks, I fell into a comfortable pattern. I woke up early, before any of my roommates, showered and dressed and headed down to the Great Hall for breakfast. At breakfast, I would read unless Neville joined me, at which point I would listen to him prattle on about whatever homework assignment he was worried about. I always made sure to be the first to arrive to class, so that I was guaranteed a seat in the front row. Neville would often sit next to me, or else a group of Hufflepuffs or Ravenclaws who would ignore me the whole lesson. At lunch, I would grab a quick bite of lunch, and then spend the rest of the period in the library with Madam Pince. She'd warmed up to me quite a bit, and I enjoyed chatting with her about the various books I was reading. The librarian was also getting a handle on the types of books I enjoyed and had started picking some out for me. After lunch, I had afternoon classes, and after that I would return to the library to work on my various homework assignments and revise all my notes from the day. If there was any time left over after that, I would get in a bit more reading before curfew, at which point I would return to my dorm and go straight to sleep, pulling the curtains of the four-poster bed closed to avoid any interaction with my dormmates. I'd all but given up trying to make friends. I'd waited for a letter from my parents, hoping that maybe I could ask them for some advice on the subject, but it never came. I decided not to send a fourth letter. They knew how to contact me now and they would if they wanted to. Left to my own devices, I'd decided that if I was going to make a friend, it would happen naturally. I couldn't keep forcing myself on people. It was only making them dislike me more. Everything was going smoothly. I avoided interaction with my classmates, and they avoided interaction with me. I kept a low profile, and nobody made fun of me. It was lonely, but it was better than being mocked and teased. And everything would have continued to go smoothly if Professor Flitwick hadn't put us into pairs to work on the levitation charm. I'd gotten partnered with Ron. I already knew how to do the levitation spell, so I'd let Ron start. It was agonizing, listening to him mispronounce the incantation, but I'd sat quietly and patiently as he struggled to perform the spell. Finally, when I'd reached the limit of my patience, I politely informed him of what he was doing wrong and demonstrated the correct pronunciation by performing the spell myself. Unfortunately, this only seemed to annoy Ron further. When class was over, I was on the way to the next one, completely minding my own business, when I heard Harry and Ron poking fun at me. Ron called me a nightmare, making me out to be some horrible thing imposing itself on everyone. And Harry was just nodding along in agreement. It was at that moment that I felt something inside me snap. I'd done everything I could to stay out of everyone's way, keep to myself. I sat alone in the Great Hall, spent my free time by myself in the library. I barely interacted with any of my classmates anymore, and still they despised me. I couldn't even successfully manage invisibility. I shoved past the boys as I sprinted to the nearest bathroom. I just couldn't do it anymore. I couldn't keep pretending that everything was alright. I couldn't keep pretending that it didn't kill me inside that everybody had friends at this school except for me. I knew I was missing class, but for the first time ever, I didn't care. I couldn't go to class like this. I couldn't walk in there and keep a straight face in front of a room of kids that hated me. In fact, I wasn't sure I could ever face them again. She's a nightmare, honestly I cried harder than I'd ever cried before. I'd tried so hard to be likeable. I'd tried to make friends in this place. I'd thought Hogwarts was going to be a fresh start. No more Nancy Hummel, no more being the class bookworm. But from the moment I'd gotten here, I'd fallen right back into my old role. She must've noticed she's got no friends I'd always been different. I'd always known I didn't belong. When Professor McGonagall had come to call and told me that I was a witch, I'd thought I'd finally found a place in the world. I'd understood why I'd always felt out of place. I'd thought that I'd come to Hogwarts and meet like-minded people. I'd thought I would finally fit in. But I stuck out here even more than I'd stuck out in the muggle world. It's no wonder no one can stand her Ron's words resonated in my head over and over again, making me more and more miserable. I missed my next class, but I didn't care. I couldn't summon up the strength to leave the bathroom and go back out there and face everyone. Not knowing how they felt about me. Not knowing that they despised me. It was one thing to be mocked and ridiculed, but a wholly other thing to be reviled. Finally, I made up my mind. I would go to Professor McGonagall and tell her that it had all been a big mistake. I should never have come to Hogwarts in the first place. I should have stayed at home with my parents and gone to the Academy. My acceptance letter for the prestigious school had come a week after Professor McGonagall's visit, but at that point I'd already made up my mind to come here. Surely the Academy would still take me, even though we were two months into term. I'd make up the work I'd missed. And maybe there, I'd finally find myself among people who would understand me. The Academy was only for the most academically minded students. That was where I belonged. I pulled some toilet paper off the roll to wipe my eyes and nose, and then flushed it down the toilet behind me. Then I turned and open the stall door. There, standing in front of me, was the most terrifying thing I'd ever seen. Even more terrifying than that three-headed dog on the third floor. It was a troll. A mountain troll, if I wasn't mistaken. I screamed in terror, turning around and shutting the stall door behind me as I did. What was a troll doing in the bathroom? What was it even doing in the school? I knew it was Halloween, but this was going a little over the top. I frantically tried to remember everything I'd ever read about trolls, but my mind was coming up blank. I heard the troll advancing, its footsteps feeling like a bunch of little earthquakes. It roared, and I instinctively crouched down, covering my head in fear. There was a loud smashing sound, and I felt bits of wood raining down on my back from above. I peeked my eyes open and saw that the troll had smashed all the stall walls to bits. It was looking for me. I tried to stay perfectly still, but it found me anyway. Its eyes locked on to me, and I panicked as it started to lift its club high above its head. I got out of the way just in time, bolting forward and crouching down under one of the sinks. The club came down and the troll smashed the toilet I'd been standing in front of to tiny porcelain shards. I clamped my mouth shut and forced myself not to scream again as I realized that that had almost been me. The troll, realizing that it had missed me, started to turn around as it tried to locate me again. It started swinging its club wildly back and forth around the room, smashing sinks, more bathroom stalls, and even the walls. I backed up slowly until my back hit the wall and I realized I'd backed myself into a corner. The troll was coming at me now, having identified me, and I cast my eyes around wildly, trying to figure a way out of this. But there wasn't one. I was trapped. I shut my eyes as the troll came to a stop directly in front of me. If this was the end for me, then so be it. At least I wouldn't have to suffer the pain of rejection and humiliation anymore. I sucked in a breath and waited for the blow, but it never came. I opened my eyes in confusion and found that the troll had a new target of interest. Harry and Ron were standing in the doorway of the bathroom throwing bits of shattered wood at the thing. I couldn't understand what they were doing here, or why they would put themselves in danger like this, but I was immensely grateful. I hadn't really wanted to die. Harry told me to run, but I couldn't move. My feet felt like they were cemented to the floor. All I could do was watch in terror as Harry and Ron continued to distract the troll. I knew I had to move, to get out of there. Harry and Ron could only distract the troll for so long. But the fear had paralyzed me, and no matter how many times I tried to be logical about the situation, I found that my body wasn't listening to my brain. In a foolish move, Harry jumped on the troll's back and stuck his wand up it's nose. I don't know what possessed him to do it, as it only made the troll angrier and wilder with its movements. I cowered in the corner as it swung its club around crazily, wishing that someone – anyone – an adult preferably – would come and save us from this nightmare. And then Ron lifted up his wand and cast the levitation spell, causing the troll's club to slowly lift out of its hand and into the air over its head. Then Ron released the spell, letting the club fall straight down, knocking the troll unconscious. I waited a full two minutes before I dared move. I wanted to be sure the troll was really out. But as Harry pulled his wand from its nose and still it didn't stir, I felt confident that we were out of danger, at least for now. Professors McGonagall, Quirrell, and Snape all burst into the bathroom at that moment, ready to fight. When they saw the troll lying on the floor, with the three of us standing around it, they demanded an explanation. I looked to Harry and Ron, wondering how they had come to find me and the troll in the first place. From the guilty looks on their faces, I guessed that they'd broken a rule or two in coming to save me. A strange sensation spread through me. It was partially gratitude, and partially something else that I couldn't put a name to. All I knew was that if they'd risked their necks like that to save me, then they couldn't hate me as much as I'd thought. Without even realizing what I was doing, I opened my mouth and took the blame. Everyone was surprised – Professor McGonagall, Harry and Ron, even me. I wasn't sure what had possessed me to lie, I just knew that I needed to pay Harry and Ron back for what they'd done for me. She took five points. It wasn't terribly many points, and based on the story I'd told, I probably deserved to have more taken. But it was the first five points I'd ever lost for Gryffindor house, and I felt myself feeling guilty, even though the story was made up. She dismissed me before dismissing Harry and Ron. I wanted to talk to them – to thank them for what they'd done for me, but I also knew hanging around outside the bathroom would only get me in more trouble after Professor McGonagall had specifically ordered me to return to Gryffindor Tower. So, I went up to the seventh floor and entered the common room, waiting by the portrait hole for Harry and Ron to return. When they arrived back, a few minutes after me, they froze upon seeing me waiting for them. The three of us stood awkwardly in the entrance to the common room for a moment as I worked up the courage to thank them for saving me. Dinner had been sent up to the common rooms after the troll incident, so once the thank-yous were out of the way, I hurried over to get a plate for myself. Harry and Ron followed close behind me, and when I sat down to eat, I was surprised to find that the two of them sat down with me. For the first few minutes, nobody said anything. It was an awkward situation, made even more awkward when you added in the fact that just before the whole incident with the troll, I'd been crying my eyes out in the bathroom over a conversation they'd been having about me. "Listen," Ron eventually spoke up, looking conflicted. "I just want to say… I'm sorry about the things that I said earlier." I raised my head in surprise. Never in a million years would I have expected an apology. And from Ron Weasley no less. "That's okay," I said with a shrug. "I'm sure everyone's thinking the same thing." "It's not okay," Ron shook his head. "It was mean and hurtful, and I only said it because I was mad that you were better at levitation than me." "Well that's only because I practiced it over the summer," I informed him. "I was miserable my first time too." "Really?" Ron asked his eyes lighting up at my confession. "Sure," I nodded. "Nobody's perfect on their first try. I was only trying to help, you know." Ron nodded. "I know," he agreed. "Hey, maybe you could give me some pointers too," Harry spoke up. "I'm having trouble with levitation myself." "And if you have any tips for transfiguration or potions or herbology, I'd like to hear those too," Ron said jokingly. I laughed and was suddenly taken aback. Was I really sitting with two of my classmates, smiling and laughing and chatting casually? Was this what friendship felt like? "I might have some pointers I could give you both," I offered with a smile. And for the first time since coming to Hogwarts, I found that I was truly happy.
Chapter 11: My First Game of Chess Now that I had friends, everything at Hogwarts started to change. Instead of eating alone and reading at breakfast, I sat with Harry and Ron and talk. As it turns out, there are a lot of topics of conversation out there that don't have anything to do with school, and some of them are actually interesting. In classes, Harry, Ron and I argued about where to sit. I insisted on sitting in the front row, but they were prone to sitting in the back. In the end, we compromised by sitting in the middle of the room. The truth was, I could learn the same sitting anywhere in the room, but I was hoping that I might persuade Harry and Ron to pay more attention in class, and the closer to the teacher they were sitting, the more likely that was to happen. Though I suspected that my efforts would be wasted in history of magic. Professor Binns' class was considered by just about everybody besides me to be for napping. In the afternoons, the three of us would do our homework together, either in the library or in the common room. As it turned out, Harry and Ron were both major procrastinators when it came to their schoolwork, but I intended to put a stop to that. And after the first few days of dancing around the topic, the boys finally asked me to proofread one of their essays, and now I did it on a regular basis. I was hoping that over time, looking at my edits and re-writes would help the boys to learn what to do and what not to do, and improve their homework skills. Harry was also on the Quidditch team, which meant that he had practices three times a week. For some reason, Ron enjoyed going down to the Quidditch pitch to watch, which was perfectly fine with me. Going from no friends to constant friends so quickly was weird for me, and it gave me some time to be on my own and just read. Being alone wasn't so lonely when you have friends to hang out with later. And in the evenings, the boys and I would hang out in the common room, chatting or playing exploding snap or gobstones, or some other game. Neville joined us occasionally, but usually it was just the three of us. I'd sometimes catch Lavender and Parvati, or Lily and Sally-Anne glaring daggers at me from across the room, and I couldn't help but smile. I hadn't become friends with Harry and Ron for the popularity, but it certainly had helped. I knew that the other girls were jealous of me, and from the way they'd been treating me since the start of term, I was happy letting them be. One day, the three of us were sitting in the common room when Ron pulled out his chess set. "Have a game with me, Harry?" he asked keenly. "Nah," Harry shook his head. "I always lose anyway." "And if you don't practice, you'll never get better," Ron pointed out. "I'll play," I volunteered. Ever since the first time I'd seen Harry and Ron playing chess, I'd wanted to give it a try. The last time I'd asked, Ron had rejected me, but we were friends now. "You ever play before?" Ron asked, turning to face me. I shook my head. "No, but I'm sure I'll pick it up quickly," I assured him. "I'm very logical." "You need more than logic to win at chess," Ron warned me. "You also need strategy." "Just get ready to lose," I said confidently. "I don't lose," Ron returned, equally as confident. "We'll see about that," I declared. I asked Harry to borrow his chess set, since I didn't have a set of my own. As it turned out, the set Harry was using was Seamus Finnigan's, as he also didn't have his own set, but I figured Seamus wouldn't mind me borrowing his men for an evening. If it turned out I enjoyed the game, I'd buy my own set over Christmas. I asked Ron to go over the rules briefly before we started. It sounded simple enough. All I had to do was corner Ron's king before he cornered mine, and I would win. "What say you we put a little wager on this," Ron suggested as I pondered my first move. "Alright," I agreed readily. "Like what?" "If I win… you have to do all my potions homework for a month," Ron said. "Ron, you're never going to learn if you don't do your own homework," I said strictly. "How about I just revise your potions homework?" "You already revise my potions homework," Ron pointed out. "You revise all my homework." "Good point," I frowned. "Fine, if you win, I'll do your potions homework for a month." It didn't matter anyway, because he wasn't going to win. "And if I win?" "What do you want?" Ron asked. I thought about it for a moment. What did I want? I certainly didn't want Ron to do any of my homework. He wouldn't do it right, and I'd have to redo it. And now that I had Harry and Ron as friends, my life was pretty great. I glanced around the room and noticed Parvati and Lavender glaring at me again, and I had an idea. "If I win, you have to kiss me," I challenged him. "Eww! Gross!" Ron cried, aghast. "Why would you want that?" "Just on the cheek," I said, rolling my eyes. Boys were so silly. At eleven, Ron thought the idea of kissing a girl was disgusting, but by thirteen or fourteen, it would be all he could think about. "It would make Lavender and Parvati so jealous." "Fine," Ron agreed. "On the cheek. And it's not like you're going to win anyway." "We'll see about that," I said, squaring my shoulders. "Pawn to D3." The game did not last long. Within ten minutes, Ron had checkmate, and I had twice as much potions homework. "I don't understand," I muttered to myself, staring at the board. I'd had a plan. And Ron's men had been all over the place. But somehow at the last minute, he'd cornered me. "How did I lose?" "Well it was your first game," Harry pointed out. "And Ron's been playing for years." "But it was a game of logic," I insisted. "That's my specialty." "I guess I'm not as dumb as you thought I was," Ron said proudly. "I never said you were dumb," I frowned. "No," Ron agreed. "But I'm sure you've thought it. Don't worry, I'll take the next month of potions assignments as an apology." "Let's go again," I insisted, the chessmen immediately setting up for another game at my words. "I was just warming up. I know what I'm doing now." "You really want to do this to yourself again?" Ron demanded. I nodded. "Herbology homework this time?" I asked. "Make it history of magic," Ron declared. We played, and again I lost. We played a third time, and I lost again. Ron asked if I wanted to play a fourth time, but I was already doing all his potions, history of magic, and transfiguration homework for the next month and didn't feel like adding charms to the list. I was determined to beat him though. I didn't like losing, especially to Ron and especially at chess. Ron thought the whole thing was hilarious, but I was not amused. I determined that over the Christmas holidays, I would go to the nearby muggle library and check out a book on chess strategy. When I returned in January, I would be ready to wipe the floor with Ron and his chess set. Over the next few weeks, things started to get strange. First Harry overheard Snape talking about trying to get past the three-headed dog on the third floor. Then at Harry's first Quidditch game, Snape jinxed Harry's broom and tried to make him fall to his death – or at least serious injury. Then after the game, we found out that the dog belong to Hagrid, was named Fluffy, and was guarding something that had to do with a Nicolas Flamel. Something was definitely going on, and I was determined to figure out what it was. And the best place to solve a mystery was the library. I convinced Harry and Ron to join me, though they were significantly less help than I'd hoped. They spent most of their time spit balling ideas back and forth as to what Snape could be up to instead of focusing on who Nicolas Flamel was. "You're not going to figure anything out like that," I insisted one day. We were all in the library. I was skimming through a book about great witches and wizards of the last century, while Harry and Ron debated whether Snape was in cahoots with any of the other Professors. "Well he's definitely not working with Professor McGonagall," Ron decided. "She's way too uptight when it comes to following the rules." "Uptight is not a bad thing," I threw in, but neither boy was listening to me. "And Quirrell can't be involved, he's way to nervous," Harry added. "May I remind you that this discussion is getting us nowhere!" I cried. "Go up to a shelf, pick out a book, and start looking for someone named Flamel. He's got something to do with all of this, and once we know what that is, maybe we'll know what Snape's up to." With a sigh, Harry and Ron did as I told them and went looking for books. Ron grabbed a book about plants that grow in arid environments, and Harry grabbed a book about kneazle breeding, and while neither book was a likely candidate for what we were looking for, I was just glad they'd moved on to a more productive activity. All too soon, the Christmas holidays arrived. I would be going home for the two-week break, while Harry and Ron would be remaining at Hogwarts. I made them promise to keep searching the library for any mention of Nicolas Flamel, while I promised them, I would use my muggle resources to see if he had any connection to the muggle world. I'd ask my parents if they knew of him, and I'd see if there was any reference to him in the muggle library near my house. It was my hope that when I returned in January, we would have some answers, because being unable to solve this puzzle was starting to drive me mad. "Have a good holiday," Harry wished me goodbye that Saturday morning as I prepared to leave for the Hogwarts Express with most of the school. "You too," I returned. "I'll see you both when term resumes." "It's too bad you're not staying at Hogwarts with us," Ron said. "Really?" I asked. Having friends was so new to me, I'd never had someone feel sad that I wasn't going to be around. "Well yeah," Ron muttered, looking a little embarrassed at himself. "Because now Harry and I have to do all our homework ourselves." I laughed and smiled, because I knew that Ron was only saying that to cover up the fact that he was actually going to miss me. Although I supposed the homework thing was partially true too. "You just got a whole month off doing half your homework," I reminded him. "It's time you start doing it again, or you're going to fall way behind." With that said, it was time to head down to Hogsmeade. I said my final goodbyes to the boys and fell in line with the rest of the students as we checked out of the school with Mr. Filch. Though I looked forward to spending the holiday with my parents, I would miss Harry and Ron while I was away, and for once, I had friends to look forward to upon my return.
