I was faint, even fainter than the hateful modernity of that accursed city had made me.
Alien it indeed was to all art and literature which sane and balanced readers know, but we recognised it as the thing hinted of in the forbidden Necronomicon of the mad Arab Abdul Alhazred; the ghastly soul symbol of the corpse eating cult of inaccessible Leng, in Central Asia.
And when the day dawned, rosy and effulgent, I beheld the green shore of far lands, bright and beautiful, and to me unknown.
In the chaos of sliding, shifting earth I clawed and floundered helplessly till the rain on my head steadied me and I saw that I had come to the surface in a familiar spot; a steep unforested place on the southwest slope of the mountain.
War and revolution were raging across the seas; a dynasty had collapsed, and its degenerate subjects were flocking with dubious intent to the Western Land.
It must not be fancied that Inspector Legrasse had the least interest in archaeology.
He was good for nothing that morning, and stayed away from all his classes.
His build and lower facial features were like other clergymen I had seen, but he had a vastly higher forehead, and was darker and more intelligent looking also more subtly and concealedly evil looking.
Then courage returned, and I scraped away more dirt in the light of the electric torch I had provided.
Books like Ignatius Donnelly's chimerical account of Atlantis he absorbed with zest, and a dozen obscure precursors of Charles Fort enthralled him with their vagaries.
When I suggested other physicians, the sufferer would fly into as much of a rage as he seemed to dare to entertain.
I went to the war, an' ef I'd a had any guts or sense I'd a never come back, but settled away from here.
Good old rye, an' as fiery as ya kin find anyw'eres in Chi'.
I myself would have thought of biological degeneration rather than alienage.
He had slowly tried to perfect a solution which, injected into the veins of the newly deceased, would restore life; a labour demanding an abundance of fresh corpses and therefore involving the most unnatural actions.
Others thought and still think he'd found an old pirate cache out on Devil Reef.
I was not alone, for foolhardiness was not then mixed with that love of the grotesque and the terrible which has made my career a series of quests for strange horrors in literature and in life.
As consciousness departed he heard the faint, shrill tittering of the fanged, rat like abnormality.
I could not sleep Saturday night, and turned on the lights regardless of the future.
It was here that he first came into conflict with the college authorities, and was debarred from future experiments by no less a dignitary than the dean of the medical school himself the learned and benevolent Dr. Allan Halsey, whose work in behalf of the stricken is recalled by every old resident of Arkham.
Arter I got the book off Eb I uster look at it a lot, especial when I'd heerd Passon Clark rant o' Sundays in his big wig.