Idris was well content with this resolve of mine.
All obeyed the Lord Protector of dying England; all looked up to him.
But it is true that I am a wretch.
We the besiegers were in the comparison little affected by these evils.
Thus you may console me by reducing me to nothing but your words I cannot bear; soon they will make me mad, quite mad, and then I shall utter strange words, and you will believe them, and we shall be both lost for ever.
Raymond sat among them, though while he entered into the spirit of the hour, his natural dignity never forsook him.
We descended from Parnassus, emerging from its many folds, and passed through Livadia on our road to Attica.
He owned affinity not only with mankind, but all nature was akin to him; the mountains and sky were his friends; the winds of heaven and the offspring of earth his playmates; while he the focus only of this mighty mirror, felt his life mingle with the universe of existence.
As time passed away I became more calm; misery had her dwelling in my heart, but I no longer talked in the same incoherent manner of my own crimes; sufficient for me was the consciousness of them.
Shall man be the enemy of man, while plague, the foe to all, even now is above us, triumphing in our butchery, more cruel than her own?
I was like a wild beast that had broken the toils, destroying the objects that obstructed me and ranging through the wood with a stag like swiftness.
He grasped my hand affectionately: Thank you, he said, you have relieved me from a painful dilemma, and are, as you ever were, the best of my friends.
For myself, I will not voluntarily seek death, that is, I will not, while I can command myself; and I can here.
His course was speedily decided upon.
 In the morning I went to the court; my lips and throat were parched.
 His favourite horse was found grazing by the margin of the tranquil river.
 Methought this was but a poor expedient; but I assured him of my obedience and zeal.
 He was descended from a good family in France, where he had lived for many years in affluence, respected by his superiors and beloved by his equals.
 As the country people poured into London, the citizens fled southwards they climbed the higher edifices of the town, fancying that they could discern the smoke and flames the enemy spread around them.
 I now forget the cause of her departure if indeed I ever knew it.
 My first real knowledge of myself was as an unprotected orphan among the valleys and fells of Cumberland.
 Time shall rob me of the graces of maturity, shall take the fire from my eyes, and agility from my limbs, shall steal the better part of life, eager expectation and passionate love, and shower them in double portion on thy dear head.
 She was, he said, the brightest vision that ever came upon the earth: there was somthing in her frank countenance, in her voice, and in every motion of her graceful form that overpowered me, as if it were a celestial creature that deigned to mingle with me in intercourse more sweet than man had ever before enjoyed.
 There was no Adrian to superintend and direct, while whole flocks of the poor were struck and killed.
 In Greece I had learnt to love him; his very waywardness, and self abandonment to the impulses of superstition, attached me to him doubly; it might be weakness, but it was the antipodes of all that was grovelling and selfish.
 She perceived me, and looked up enquiringly; her half glance of hope was misery; the words died before I could articulate them; I felt a ghastly smile wrinkle my lips.
 We remained for the night at Luton.
