Prologue During the first month after she became engaged to Mr. Darcy, Elizabeth placed harsh and sometimes resentful blame upon the rug in the Netherfield library. This thick lush rug was made from the fur of a bear with the claws still attached. The unfortunate animal had been a victim of the newly minted baronet who built Netherfield. This dapper nabob, flush with the stolen wealth of the Indies (both East and West), killed the impressive animal during a hunt on the continent where such wild beasts yet roamed free. His wife smilingly nodded at her husband's manly exploits when he returned to merry green England with the rug, but disliking all forms of taxidermy, she stoutly refused to have it placed in her drawing room, or her dining room, or anywhere else she liked to spend time. This happenstance occurred many years before, but this baronet and his family were no more enthused by books than Mr. Bingley, to whom the baronet's great nephew had recently let the stuffy old pile so he could afford to spend all his time with lushly disreputable opera singers in an almost fashionable district of London. In the decades since the brave continental quest to shoot the first owner of the skin and soft fur that made the rug had come to its successful conclusion, the rug had been removed and beaten for dust and thoroughly washed as needed, but had never been replaced nor used to any great point. Sadly for the baronet, after an incident that left one of the baronet's daughters with a small permanent scar on her arm, the teeth had been removed from the bear's head, and the claws declawed. Elizabeth thought the rug delightfully grotesque when her eyes lit upon it while she spent an uncomfortable hour in the library with Mr. Darcy, during which he did not once lift his eyes from his book, even though Elizabeth, much as she was determined in her heart to loathe the man, was constantly aware of his presence. Her eyes going everywhere but Mr. Darcy absently fell upon the head of the bear, and she wondered if anyone had ever tripped over it. Such a thing did not belong in the middle of a library, but in a male den choked with cigar smoke and the smell of spilt port where women were never permitted. Promptly Elizabeth forgot about the matter and the tripping danger, and returned to her pretence of reading as she paid attention to how Mr. Darcy paid no attention to her. Mr. Darcy on the other hand never thought at all about the rug which would govern his fate, as his mind was brimming to the top with thoughts of the unsuitability of Miss Elizabeth Bennet the unsuitable. Upon such objects can the fate of men turn. Later Elizabeth changed her mind, and during their honeymoon she convinced Mr. Darcy that everything which happened was an inevitable consequence of their true emotions and fate, and they would have somehow determined to marry each other, even if the presence of the rug had made this event sooner, and perhaps more tumultuous, than it otherwise would have been. Chapter One On the night of the Netherfield Ball, late in the evening, after the supper party had seen Mrs. Bennet thoroughly embarrass herself, Mr. Darcy took into his head that he needed to explain everything, or at least enough, about Mr. Wickham's proclivities to warn Elizabeth, in case she was on the course to fall into an infatuation with Wickham. Darcy's emotion towards Elizabeth was such that he did not believe the scoundrel could seduce her, but he did not wish to see her heart broken, and the more he thought about Wickham, the more he wished to explain and defend himself to Elizabeth, even though it was below him to do so. For the purpose of having privacy to allow Mr. Darcy to defend with private particulars his interactions with Wickham, the two of them sought private council in the library, with just a few candles flickering on the indiawood table for light. In this dim light it became almost impossible to see the grinning, toothless maw of the bear. "Now explain. How can you possibly justify your horrid treatment of Mr. Wickham?" Fitzwilliam Darcy stared with apparent coldness, but in fact from a deep well of passion, at Elizabeth Bennet, as the candle light flickered tantalizingly and seductively on her delicate face. The violins of the ball whispered sweet melodies through the closed door. He should not tell the details about Georgiana, even though he trusted Elizabeth. She had been strangely angry at him during their dance — Darcy was reasonably certain she became angry mainly because she realized he would not allow his passionate interest in her to override his capable judgement and good reason and cause him to make an offer to her. But if his real intention was to have nothing further to do with her, why in the name of his good name whose tarnish he risked with this conference was he closeted alone with her during a ball? However, Darcy reassured himself, he was not jealous of Mr. Wickham. Obviously Elizabeth could not care anything for Mr. Wickham, and that her violent defence of the slithering scoundrel sprung from her unquenchable desire for Darcy (and his wealth), and her knowledge that she would never gain her end. She suffered, no doubt, from the same panging pain that pierced his own chest, but the weaker spirit of a woman could not handle such feelings with equanimity and a calm cold countenance. Darcy realized as Elizabeth stared at him, her look changing from anger to something else, that he had not spoken in reply. The candlelights seductively flickered in the deep mysterious mirrors of her eyes. "He seduces women." Darcy's voice was low, involuntarily seductive. Darcy tried to roughen his voice. He needed to avoid any such hint of feeling or desire towards the unsuitable, yet perfectly desirable maiden. "For marriage he wishes a fortune. He can have no serious interest in you." Darcy grimaced internally, as Elizabeth's eyes flashed angrily. He knew enough of the vanity of women to know that telling them that any man was not the thrall of their love was certain to raise their ire. He had once attempted to explain the lack of interest on the part of a third party to Caroline Bingley, when she had been sufficiently repelled by his unresponsiveness to her flirtations to dangle her bonnet towards the heir of an earldom. Miss Bingley had been quite displeased with him when he suggested that the Viscount had no interest in her. Unfortunately she then determined that Darcy's caution to her was a sign of his jealousy, and thus his interest in her, and he'd not been able to get her to stop simpering after his approval since. No! He did not want to give Elizabeth false hopes. He should have found a different route to condemn Wickham than one which would inevitably lead Elizabeth to believe that he, Darcy, had designs upon her. "Proof." Elizabeth clenched her jaw, the muscles spasming with anger. "Proof. When you make such accusations against a man enormously below you, proof is expected." "I have seen him at university, and when we were at Eton and in the village around Pemberley when we were young men. He is obsessed with women, and he has had surprising success…" Darcy trailed off. As a boy he had been jealous of Wickham's ease with women. "From the instant he awoke to an awareness that a man could desire a woman," Darcy continued in a firm voice, "his sole pursuit has been the seduction of female virtues, and the destruction of female honor. And money. And opportunities to gamble. He also drinks a great deal. And he wasted his opportunity to study law." "Proof. Something beyond your word." "I am not in the habit of having my honorable word questioned. You have seen me and spoken with me, and my character is without question. What good have you seen of Wickham?" "His manner!" Elizabeth then became still and quiet and spoke in a sharp voice that almost scared Darcy. "I have spoken with him, and judged him as friendly, and kind, and open. You have nothing but arrogance, and ungentlemanliness, and harsh words. And you wonder why I trust him more?" "You trust Wickham?" Darcy sneered and snorted. Obviously she just said that to place a thorn in his socks to dig at the delicate skin. "Why should I not? Your father trusted him." Darcy winced, remembering how he'd asked the servants to tell nothing to Papa as he lay dying about Wickham's seduction of a servant girl in a neighboring estate. It would have done his father no good to know, and Darcy wanted to spare his father the knowledge of his favorite's indiscretion and callousness — Wickham refused to even speak with the girl after she named him. Perhaps he should have then taken the actions that would have led to Wickham being removed from the will and his life earlier. Besides, in honor, Papa had promised Wickham enough that they owed Wickham some chance at education. Darcy was glad Wickham had wasted his chance. "Ha!" Elizabeth cried. "You know your father was a better man than you." "My father was a better man than us all. But my sadness is at the knowledge of how disappointed he would be in Wickham if he knew. I hid from him, in his final months, my knowledge of Wickham's true behavior. Of the women he had seduced, and of the—" "What proof do you have?" Darcy sneered. "You are entirely decided against me. It is not my place to bow and scrape and prove to you the truth, when you do not wish to listen. You have been warned. You may set my character against his, and decide what to trust." "Enough." Elizabeth angrily hissed, "I shall leave now, and have nothing further to do with you." Her eyes told a different tale. She didn't want to leave. They glared at each other, panting heavily. Her eyes slowly widened. Somehow their faces were drifting towards each other. Elizabeth bit her lip and stiffened her back and turning round, she angrily, yet blushingly, walked forward towards the door. No. He couldn't let her leave, not while she was this angry at him. And not when she might still be Wickham's besotted thrall. Elizabeth angrily trod away, stepping, without paying attention to it, past the ridiculous bear rug on the floor. Whoooooops. Darcy saw, like in slow motion, her pretty silver satin slipper catch on the bear's jaw. She fell forward, flailing her arms out and holding her hands in front to catch her. Without thought Darcy shot forward. He grabbed her with his wide hands around the waist and caught her in his arms before she thudded on the ground. Her body. In his arms. Her sweet, warm, fragrant, panting body. In his arms. His fingers inches away from her breasts, the bare skin of her open back against his ungloved palm. Their faces inches apart as he pulled her to stand without letting go of her. Their eyes stared into each other. They moved at the same moment, their lips pressed against each other, in a powerful kiss neither controlled. With desperate passion he pulled her tight against him, he gripped her bum and pressed her hips against his, he felt her soft length against his harder body. They kissed and kissed. A distant part of his mind knew that this was wrong, and that he did not wish to fulfill the promise to her that his body wished to make. She whimpered as his tongue slid briefly along her sweet upper lip. Darcy's brain was too full of her taste to do what he must — thrust her away, and tell her to never speak to him again, as he could not control himself in her presence. They continued to kiss, wetly and hungrily, with more passion than he had ever felt before. His tongue licked along her lips and touched her tongue. The door to library quietly opened, and there were long seconds of continued passionate kissing before Darcy registered that they were no longer alone. And before he and Elizabeth could fully leap apart, Mrs. Bennet's shrill voice cried out, "Lizzy and Mr. Darcy kissing! Oh!" Both Darcy and Elizabeth stared at her. Mr. Bingley and Sir William stood next to Mrs. Bennet. Mr. Bingley's eyes were wide and he started to slyly grin. Darcy still gripped Elizabeth in his arms, her hand was still around his neck, and they both were still too startled to move. Mrs. Bennet happily added, "Heavens! As good as a Lord! So much better than Mr. Collins! I would have made you marry him, Lizzy, but clever girl, you knew you had better prospects." Elizabeth felt numb, dizzy, and as if everything was surreal in the minutes after they interrupted the surprising kiss. A kiss during which she learned several important matters: First, she did not hate Mr. Darcy; Second, she was handsome enough to tempt him; and finally, she really did not hate Mr. Darcy. Everything happened so fast, giving Elizabeth no time to contemplate those concerning revelations. They were surrounded suddenly by well-wishers as her mother cried out again, again, and again that they were marrying. She looked at Darcy, terrified both that he would leave her suddenly jilted and with her reputation in tatters after three people saw them kissing passionately, and almost as scared that he would agree and make no objection. Darcy's face was his hard mask, and Elizabeth suddenly realized that was his way of allowing him to think. He felt something — he felt as confused and conflicted as she did. That was visible to her in his eyes somehow. But he did not want everyone to see his confusion. He always, she realized in that moment of clarity, he always needed to appear in command, the grand, arrogant master of Pemberley, even if he was a young man, a young person, like everyone else. He looked like an arrogant aristocrat silently disdaining the congratulations of her neighbors, when that was not what he felt at all. But what was he thinking? He did not deny that they were to marry. Mr. Bennet came up, and he angrily looked at them. "What is this about?" He first looked at Elizabeth for an answer. The room was too stuffy. Too many candles had burned too long, and all the fresh air was gone. The windows were all closed up against the late November cold. The band played a quick Irish air whose upbeat mood clashed with Elizabeth's torn feelings. She was numb, like someone who'd received a wound in a carriage accident, but was still too occupied stumbling around surprised at their survival to notice that they may not have survived. "Mr. Darcy and Lizzy are to marry! Isn't that wonderful, Mr. Bennet! He's as good as a Lord!" "Nonsense," Mr. Bennet replied in a rolling voice. "Lizzy doesn't like him at all. Mr. Darcy does not look at anyone except to disdain." "I understand your surprise, sir." Darcy stood taller. The first words he had said since he caught her in his arms and kissed her. "Matters have been so arranged that I have no choice." "What occurred? Elizabeth blushed and looked at her neighbors surrounding them. She couldn't exclaim in front of them all that it was an accident. A mistake. They didn't mean to kiss. At least Darcy would marry her, thus saving her the terrible embarrassment today of them knowing she'd kissed him like that without any agreement, or even words that were not angry. "Miss Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy," Sir William spoke smilingly, "were caught in a quite pretty embrace when we went to enter the library. Your wife had wanted to talk with me and Mr. Bingley about plans for the next assembly ball, and—" "Ha. I thought so." Darcy spoke firmly, as if something he had been certain of before was now proven to everyone's satisfaction. He stood tall in his fine green wool coat, with his surprisingly soft, yet well-muscled hands tightly gripped together behind his back. "Thought what?" Mr. Bennet asked for Elizabeth. Darcy looked towards Elizabeth and tilted his head with a sarcastic smile that somehow let her know exactly what he was thinking: he had decided that she had planned to be interrupted while kissing him by her mother, so that he would have no choice but to marry him. Elizabeth ground her teeth so that her cheeks ached. "Ridiculous — I can tell what you are thinking — what you assume is completely wrong." Darcy looked down at her from where he perched his head so high up on top of his shoulders. This time he was being intentionally disdainful. There was a chatter as people chatted excitedly, the echoes bouncing off the wooden walls, but the bustling crowd allowed her, Papa, and Mr. Darcy to speak together in something vaguely like privacy. Elizabeth felt faint. She could not believe this had happened. "How did it happen that you two — two persons who so far as I knew had never spoken a friendly word to each other — came to embrace each other in a room alone during a ball." Darcy deigned not reply. Mr. Bennet glared at his daughter. "Well, Lizzy? I expect better sense from you." Elizabeth's blush travelled from her cheeks down her neck to meet another embarrassed flush at the top of her chest. "It well, just… well it just happened." "What just happened? There is more to this tale than you are telling so far." "Mr. Bennet," Darcy spoke calmly, glancing around at their neighbors. "If you wish me to impart all the details of what your daughter and your wife have done to create this situation, since you make a pretence — perhaps a true pretence — of ignorance, I will disclose all to you, but in a private situation. Not here." Mr. Bennet's face clouded angrily, but he curtly nodded back. "Tomorrow morning. In my study. I shall expect to see you promptly." AN: So like usual the whole book is in Kindle Unlimited, so I can't publish it here until I remove it from there. But if you have a subscription, or want to buy the book, it is up on Amazon. If you want to find it, ideally search both the title and my name, Timothy Underwood since if you just search the title what shows up is an Amazon sponsored result, and I need to pay Amazon twenty cents or so if you click on it. Around either March or June 2020 I'll remove A Compromised Compromise from Kindle Unlimited and publish it here. There will be one more sample chapter that I'll publish in a few days. Also, if you've been waiting for my other books, I just selected for Too Gentlemanly to not renew its next KU term, so probably a couple of days after the current term ends on Feb 23 I'll start publishing Too Gentlemanly here on fan fic net, so follow it, or follow me as an author if you want to get the updates when they start. Thanks everyone for reading!
Chapter Two The next morning, Mr. Bingley laughed at Darcy when they both woke early (that is before eleven, the ball had continued quite late, almost into the dawn, the previous night), and he clapped Darcy on his back. "Damned fine girl, Miss Lizzy. Damned fine girl. Ha! You gave her a damned fine kiss." Bingley grinned merrily at Darcy's sleep deprived glare. "No, no, no! This time you are on the back foot, and I'll not let you forget it soon. But off to London on my business. I'll be back in just a few. Give your lady love, and her sisters, especially her one sister my greetings, and express eagerness to see them all again." What could Darcy say? He had determined during the night that he absolutely had no choice but to marry Elizabeth, and thus for appearances he must only show the part of himself which was entirely happy to do so. Darcy grinned thinly, "I was caught on the back foot last night. Quite, quite caught. I shall deliver your greetings to Elizabeth." It was a contemplative half hour ride to Longbourn. Darcy smiled sardonically to himself. Mr. Bennet had been quite surprised by the behavior of his daughter. Upon arriving, before he had chance to even knock upon the door, Mr. Collins waddled out of the house. Clearly the overweight vicar had been waiting for him. "Mr. Darcy! Mr. Darcy! Esteemed nephew of my beneficent patroness." Well, he could at least forgive her in part for that. She would have needed to marry Mr. Collins if she had not so neatly trapped him. And Mr. Collins was an ample inducement to matrimony with anyone else. Darcy giggled internally at his low pun — Mr. Collins was large, and ample — but he only showed his amusement through a dry quirk of his lips that would over the years become unspeakably dear and familiar to Elizabeth. But none of them knew that happy future yet. "I have heard such rumors, such ridiculous rumors, as cannot be true. For as you know very well, you are to marry Miss Anne de Bourgh, the—" "I am not going to marry Cousin Anne." "Of course you are. The marriage was planned, as her Ladyship herself has discoursed many times, whilst in your cradles—" Darcy had an image flash into his mind of Lady Catherine and his mother standing next to each other in the large and stable cradles they had built for their children, while Lady Catherine imperiously declared that he was to marry Anne, and his mother nodded along as the grand lady spoke. "Yes, that would be a very nice thing if it were to happen, but they really must like each other." "I have neither," Darcy said calmly, "obligation of heart, nor honor, nor family feeling, to tie myself to my Cousin Anne. I further have neither desire nor wish to do so. I will become extremely dissatisfied with you, and I shall communicate this dissatisfaction to my aunt—" The aunt Darcy was thinking of was Lady Matlock. After Lady Catherine learned about his marriage, for at least a six-month anything he might say to the detriment of her clergyman would be taken in the opposite spirit, that of a recommendation, by her. "—if I hear you to say anything about this supposed engagement to anyone at all." "But… but I have already told the entire family that it is impossible you should marry Miss Elizabeth, who is nearly betrothed to me." Darcy almost vomited at imagining Elizabeth kissing this toad the way she had kissed him. She kissed him deceitfully, yes, but also passionately, the previous night. "So you see," Mr. Collins whined, "you must explain this mistake to them all." "Mr. Collins!" Darcy's voice slapped him like a thunderclap, before dropping into a low menacing quiet. "You interfere in matters above your station. Do not let my aunt's condescension make you think you have place to comment upon my honor and my behaviors. Or to aspire in the slightest way to the hand or interest of my betrothed. I am to marry Miss Elizabeth, and I shall hear nothing further upon these matters from you." "Oh, my. Oh my." Mr. Collins pulled compulsively at his clerical collar, as though it was choking him. "Oh, she will not be happy. Not at all. And I am here. She will not be happy. She would expect me to stop it — Mr. Darcy, I was told by Mrs. Bennet that she looked favorably upon my marriage with—" "Silence." Darcy's voice cracked like a gunshot. Mr. Darcy walked raging past Mr. Collins. It made him to think more kindly, again, upon Elizabeth. It was disturbingly easy to forgive the game she had played against him, and the trap she had placed him in. Especially on this consideration that she would have been forced to marry Mr. Collins by her mother if a more suitable suitor had not presented his suit. He ought not forgive her so easy. She did not deserve his forgiveness, and he must remind himself, no matter how sparkling her eyes, or passionate her lips, or sweet the feel of her slenderness and skin beneath his fingers. She was a low scheming woman, with a mind and honor quite below what he had thought. Of course, he too was far beneath what he had thought himself to be. His self-control and sense of honor and propriety had been tested, and in the testing they had been found wanting. No one deserved blame for this unwanted marriage except himself. In his attraction to Elizabeth he had put himself in the position where she and her scheming mother could entrap him, and while she had pretended to "trip" into him, he had chosen to kiss her. Elizabeth had read the mind of her prey, and seen that he could be captured by this she-wolf of Longbourn. As Darcy entered Mr. Bennet's smoky, musty, and yet bright study, Darcy's determination to think kindly upon the Bennets, as there was no choice, and as he had no one to blame but himself fell away at Mr. Bennet's first angry words. "Mr. Darcy, you are not so respectable as I thought you." The balding man lightly slammed his palm on the surface of his worn and ink stained desk. "Not so respectable." Darcy's jaw clenched. To be lectured by this man, this man who had raised such a scheming, fortune huntress of a daughter. Darcy confessed to himself that he deserved the insult, but a man such as Mr. Bennet should be silent. Bingley might speak so to him, or his cousin — he would even rather such an insult from Wickham than this man, whose family was to benefit enormously from the low scheming. "You were found openly kissing my daughter in the library of Netherfield — not only my wife, but Sir William and your friend Mr. Bingley saw you — if it was just my wife, we would pretend the whole matter never happened, and I could happily toss you by your ears away." "Ha! You desire to do no such thing." "Have you anything to say for yourself? Anything to make me view the man who kissed my daughter, openly in a nearly public place, without any courtship, and without having spoken at all to me with less distaste as a son-in-law?" "I am the victim in this matter." Mr. Darcy sneered. "If you insult me so, you shall find you cannot control me. I shall leave if I am pushed. It was your daughter's scheming, in combination with that of her mother, which brought me to this place. I have been entrapped neatly by them, but for you to further impugn my honor—" "Trapped!" Mr. Bennet expostulated, and pounded his desk for emphasis. "You kissed my daughter." "She kissed me." "I very much doubt that. Her honor I know." "She maneuvered so that she fell into my arms, and then she kissed me in return. Knowing that her mother, at that moment was waiting to enter the room and catch us together. Neatly done, and I have been trapped by my passion — I could not control such passion, though I ought have. That is my demerit. But I have acted, acted since I was entrapped by her and by my basest feelings, in the manner of a gentleman of honor. I am here, offering myself up to you as a husband for your—" Darcy squared his jaw "—your clever daughter. So take me, refuse me, but do not lecture me upon my how respectable I am. For your family is entirely disrespectable, while I act as a man, who is a man, ought to act." Silence attacked the room when Darcy finished this speech. Darcy neatly balanced on both feet with a wide stance, as he had not sat before Mr. Bennet insulted him. The room was warm, and embers glowed behind the grating of the stove. Mr. Bennet seemed to have gained years in the past minute. His face appeared haggard and tired, with thin grey hairs falling neatly around his ears. He pulled off his spectacles and nervously wiped the lenses with a white cloth produced from a desk drawer. Mr. Darcy waited, comfortable in Mr. Bennet's apparent discomfort. At last Mr. Bennet resettled his spectacles upon his long nose, and pulled at one of his sideburns. "So that is it — eh. That is what you truly think of Lizzy?" The old, wan and scared voice of the man struck Darcy like he had been tossed in a freezing pond, making him numb and shocked. Did he really think this about his Elizabeth? Who had kissed him so sweetly? And then remembering how she had manipulated him through that kiss, his proper rage returned. "In what other manner ought I to think upon her?" Darcy spoke harshly. It was not his place to comfort the father of such a daughter, though once they were married, he would show her every courtesy and kindness, whilst never, never forgetting that she could not be trusted. "The facts are what the facts are." "Had I any choice, any choice at all, I would refuse you permission. You two should not marry. Unhappily we are all trapped. After such a scene, everyone would assume the worst about both you and Elizabeth should such a marriage not occur, and for me it would destroy both her possibilities and those of her sisters. So I give you permission — but I beg you. Mr. Darcy, I beg you — think kinder of her. If my dear Lizzy is to be your wife, I beg you, learn to think kindly of her, and learn to see the truth." "What truth? That my children will be clever in seeking their own ends, and that though they destroy the ancient honor and name of the Darcy family, they will no doubt seduce their way into marriages with Dukes and earls and gain great successes and other forms of base material gain? That they will have that weakness towards passion I have, but also the scheming cleverness of your—" "That is not the truth of Lizzy. You should know that." "She seduced me into kissing her. She seduced me such, so that your wife might find us. This is the plain nature of the matter. I am a rational man; I can think nothing else. I shall marry her, sir, but do not expect such a large settlement upon her. Do not expect my happiness in this marriage. Do not expect me to be your friend. Any of the advantages your wife sought to gain for you and your family through this marriage that I can deny to her, I shall. And neither she, nor her cruder daughters, shall ever be welcome at Pemberley or in my other houses, and you may tell Mrs. Bennet, and Elizabeth as well — nay I shall tell Elizabeth — that I will introduce the girls to no rich men, I shall toss them at none of my friends, and in fact I shall warn all my acquaintance against the Bennet girls. But I will do the duty my honor presents before me. I will marry your daughter. I will provide for your daughter. I will see to it that your grandchildren will be the heirs of one of the greatest estates in the land, and so, despite everything I might do, the dishonorable of this world have once more won." Darcy had not expected to be taken by such passion. He fell silent. Still standing evenly balanced on both feet, though he now wanted to pace or sit down to relieve the stress in his ankle. He would not show any sign of discomfort. He had nothing more to say. Mr. Bennet's face showed he had nothing further to add in his turn. Darcy nodded sharply. "Are matters between us settled?" Mr. Bennet rose slowly, almost arthritically, though he could not yet be fifty from his appearance. Darcy realized he did not want to shake his new father's hand, and he suspected from his appearance that Mr. Bennet did not wish to shake his hand. They would not part as though they were friends. Mr. Darcy inclined his head stiffly and fractionally once more. Mr. Bennet inclined his head a little deeper, and without a further word Darcy left the room. After Mr. Bennet heard the tale of the previous night from Elizabeth, when they were at last alone without Mrs. Bennet's screeching about how clever her daughter was, Mr. Bennet had been deeply unsettled and worried for Elizabeth. That was before Mr. Darcy entered his study for the preceding interview. He should act. He should prevent this marriage. Nothing to do. Nothing he could do. He was trapped into giving his consent as neatly as Mr. Darcy and Lizzy had been trapped by Mrs. Bennet and the other witnesses. If only, alas, if only they had not been seen. He had questioned Lizzy at great length the previous night, and he understood what had happened. It had not crossed his mind before, as his perception had been blinded by the joking tale of Darcy loudly claiming that his Lizzy was not handsome enough to tempt him, but in retrospect the nature of the matter was obvious. Though their characters were dissimilar and incompatible, an animal magnetism existed between his Lizzy and Mr. Darcy, stronger on Mr. Darcy's side, but the obsessed fascination had been present in Elizabeth as well. No wonder she talked so much, so gleefully about Wickham's likely ridiculous stories — certainly ridiculous stories. The man who Wickham described would never have acted in the honorable way and made the offer to the poorly dowered girl he believed to have trapped him. Mr. Bennet had never believed that Mr. Darcy acted in a worse way than the average of very rich men. Now he believed Darcy was better than the average of rich men. That was something at least. Perhaps even a great deal. He would not intentionally abuse her. Lizzy had been fascinated by Mr. Darcy — for God's sake, what stupidity drew them to talk privately in the library. That was Darcy's fault; it was clear from the story. Elizabeth suggested the library, but Darcy suggested the private conference. And Lizzy said that Darcy had, after putting them both in such a delicate position for the chance to speak, told her no specifics, beyond that Wickham was an untrustworthy, unctuous seducer, which Mr. Bennet could see quite well enough without being told. Anyone could. Except Lizzy, apparently. She had angrily mentioned, as an aside, after describing how they had come to kiss, that she was yet resolved to think of Mr. Wickham as before, as Mr. Darcy had given no proof in his allegations against Wickham. And that kiss, he understood it. Two healthy young persons, alone in the candlelight. A passionate animal magnetism between them, which they turned into sharp arguments. The blood boiled, the spirits rose, they were young, alive, full of energetic tension. Lizzy tripped; Mr. Darcy caught. Lizzy had admitted, not to Mrs. Bennet of course, but to Mr. Bennet, when they talked in his study while the first glimmers of dawn glimmered against the windows of his room, after he'd managed to put his wife and restless brood to bed, that she had chosen to kiss him as much as he had wished to kiss her. They had stared into each other's eyes, full of emotion, and she had been wrapped around by the strong arms of a young man — a first time — and she had leaned up her head to kiss him. And just as she realized the wrongness of her position, and Mr. Darcy perhaps as well, the door had been thrown open, and they had been seen wrapped in each other's arms, passionately grabbing one another with Cupid's barbs. Mr. Bennet saw no harm in the kiss itself. If the two had been left to their own devices they would have separated before they were entirely carried away by passion. Mr. Darcy, given his stiffness, would have disclaimed interest in Elizabeth, and probably, knowing his character, left the neighborhood the following day to put himself far from the temptation. Or maybe they would have conversed upon it and decided they wished to marry due to passion, despite the dissimilarity in their characters. Mr. Bennet did not think Elizabeth was such a fool as to marry for the passion for a pretty face and form that had drawn him into his own marriage, but Mr. Darcy was decidedly rich, and he could provide even more benefits for her and the family than Mr. Bingley could, if Mr. Bingley offered for Jane. After the spectacle of the last night, and with Darcy's promise to counsel his friends against marriage to the other Bennet daughters, Mr. Bennet thought there was a strong possibility that nothing would come of the attachment between Jane and Mr. Bingley. Did a girl good to be jilted on occasion. Gave her distinction amongst her peers. Mr. Bennet did not worry at all about Jane. It was Lizzy. The worst possible situation — the mismatched couple, now despising the passion that was their only real link, since despite Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth both having quick, steady and clever minds, Mr. Bennet could see no real sympathy of the heart, spirit or mind betwixt them, no potential for that attachment mind to mind that he always wished to see for his beloved daughter, and which he thought Jane might find with Mr. Bingley. This mismatched, nay ill matched, couple were now forced to marriage, to the parson's mousetrap, and Mr. Darcy would despise his wife, falsely believing her to have been party to a low scheme to entrap him, and Elizabeth would be placed in the situation of being married to a man with no charm, no liveliness, no lightness of spirit. Further a man who despised whatever affection he did feel for her, and who thought her the lowest sort of woman. Jove, Mr. Bennet rather wished Mr. Darcy had refused to make the offer out of righteous anger. Mr. Bennet's insults to him had been subconsciously aimed to drive Mr. Darcy away, since in his conscious mind Mr. Bennet knew he had no choice: Scandal would wreck the whole family if the unhappy pair did not marry. He had failed to set aside any money for the maintenance of his children upon his passing, and thus one of the girls must marry well. And that would never happen if he drove Darcy away. At the very least, he was sure that if he refused Darcy, the arrogant and angry man would definitely take Bingley with him, and that chance for Jane would be gone. Poor, poor Lizzy. Trapped in such a situation. Mr. Bennet's stomach ached when he imagined her stolen away from him — now with no permission to see her mother nor her sisters, though likely Darcy would relent on that matter, and with a husband whose passion would cool once slaked, and turn either into entire indifference or into tired hatred. He only saw disgraceful ruin or the severest unhappiness for Elizabeth. And there was nothing he could do. AN: So there it is. A Compromised Compromise is a relatively short rule, and the Amazon rule is I can just post 10% of the text before breaking the KU rules. Follow if you want to get the updates when I start publishing it here, probably around mid 2020.
