I'm participating in the Jane Austen Challenge! In Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice, Lydia follows the militia to Brighton, but as readers we are not given the opportunity to explore the delights of the seaside town. This challenge asks our authors to create variations of the story in which Brighton is featured. My title is A Secret Suitor, and is a planned sweet, low angst but adventurous novella of around 25-30K words. A mysterious suitor. A London stalker. Will Brighton bring Elizabeth an offer of marriage, or an offer of death? With Mr Bennet dying, Elizabeth dares not place all her hopes for the future in the hands of her mysterious correspondent, a suitor by letter only. However, her determination to save her family from penury has attracted not only the ire of Mr Darcy, but the attention of a sinister figure stalking genteel governesses. . . Learn more about currently published books and chapters at JaneAustenChallenge dot com. More chapters soon. Available for pre order. "Only you would worry over a letter from home when we are in Brighton to make Mr Avery offer for me." Elizabeth needed no reminder of the reason for their second annual trip to Brighton. Lydia's sole concern currently was capturing the proposal of Mr Avery, a soldier in the militia whom they had followed from Meryton to Brighton. Last year they had vacationed purely for pleasure. This year, with the spectre of Mr Bennet's failing health, not even a walk along the boardwalk in the afternoon, the bracing sea breeze ruffling their skirts, was enjoyable. Worry clouded a cloudless day. Lydia skipped ahead several steps, then paused and reformed her gait into the more deliberate sashay she insisted gentlemen preferred in mature, marriageable women of the grand age of sixteen. "We shall be late, Lizzy. Can you not walk any faster?" "Our father's illness does not concern you?" she asked, voice cool. Her brow furrowed as she weighed the contents of Jane's missive. Jane had not outright said 'come home,' instead leaving it to Elizabeth's best judgment. Mr Bennet was ill. Lydia needed a husband. Well—they all needed husbands. But Lydia was the only Bennet girl with an actual suitor. Mrs Bennet agreed that with father's illness looming over all their heads, any chance at marriage for any of the Bennet daughters was to be pursued with all haste and ferocity. Mr Avery and Lydia had seemed to form quite an attachment while the militia was stationed in Meryton. There was hope that during the summer in Brighton, he might make an offer. If their father was not long for this world, then it was even more imperative for them to all wed if possible. Well, all of them but Elizabeth. She had begun to take other measures. "He was ill last summer," Lydia said, "and he was soon well. Father cannot die before I wed. I forbid it." "Ah, well, in that case." Lydia either did not discern, or chose to ignore, the heavy sarcasm in Elizabeth's voice. "Besides, do not tell me you wish to return home before you have discovered the identity of your mysterious suitor." Elizabeth stiffened. "Dignified young ladies do not listen at doors." Lydia sniffed. "Then you should learn to lower your voice when you and Jane are gossiping." "Gossiping—" Elizabeth paused. She refused to be baited. "I have no suitor. The unknown gentleman and I enjoyed a mutually satisfying correspondence last summer and after the term was up, decided not to reveal one another's identities. It was all in good fun." Thankfully she was well enough practiced in guarding her expression that the thrill of excitement did not show on her face. She had been looking forward to this beach picnic all year. Even now her heartbeat cantered in anticipation. Would he be there, her secret correspondent? Would he fulfill their promise to finally reveal each other's identity after a year of regular letters? And this summer. . .would the correspondence deepen into something more? Only time would tell. She thought of him often, to both her amazement and chagrin. Thought of a man whose character she knew only by his letters. She did not know his true name, or whether he was plain or handsome. Nor if he was rich or poor—though receiving an invitation to Mrs Frampton's picnic required a certain level of status in society. No tradesmen would be invited, certainly, though the occasional well-connected solicitor or doctor—often fourth and fifth sons of gentry—had been known to grace the Frampton parlour. Considering the source of her husband's family's wealth, Mrs Frampton could not be too proud. Elizabeth only knew enough about her correspondent, who signed his letters as Mr Shore as she signed hers Miss Seal, to send the letters in care of a London solicitor and await in return his replies in care of her father's man of business in Meryton. She only knew enough about him, from his elegant lettering and thoughtful, subtly humourous and at times gently poetic words, to have come to believe they were kindred souls, both of them brimming with carefully controlled passion for life, a determination to follow the dictates of their hearts while obeying the strictures of duty to family. A more sensitive, well-rounded, and gentle soul she had never encountered in a man. If God was kind, that soul would reveal itself in the form of a well-made, preferably no more than twenty years her senior, gentleman. Wealth would also be agreeable. But even if he were a vicar of modest living with greys in his hair, if he would have her, she would have him. "And here you are, returned to Brighton for another summer to attend yet another beach picnic thrown by Mrs Lampton as is the custom every year for the last five. Because it was simply all in good fun." "I refuse to explain myself to you," Elizabeth said, though with no rancour. "Decent adult conversation is hard to come by these days. I am surrounded by the silliest girls in Hertfordshire." "Tell me, Lizzy," Lydia said, turning to walk backwards as she directed a half-mocking, half-mischievous stare at her older sister. "Did you arrange with your secret correspondent to pluck each other's marks from the fishbowl again this year?" The question struck too close to the truth for Elizabeth's liking—she could not help the faintest tinge of pink on her cheeks and turned her face away. "Do you not think we should return home, Lydia?" Lydia's eyes widened. "And leave Mr Avery in the clutches of Miss Gale? Never. He is on the cusp of proposing, I am certain of it." Her eyes narrowed. "I may have to offer him a little encouragement." Alarm stiffened Elizabeth's back. "Lydia, there can be no repeat of the mischief in Meryton. It is fortunate Mrs Forster invited you here for the summer, so you may be away while talk dies down." Lydia pouted. "Those old busybodies. A girl cannot even set her cap for a respectable young man these days without cries of shock. How are we even supposed to find husbands, I ask, if we are not allowed to flirt?" Elizabeth glared, then smoothed her expression as they passed a couple and smiled politely. "Your antics went far and above mere flirtation. You must guard your behaviour, Lydia. Besides, no man wants a woman who flings herself shamelessly upon him." Lydia's brow rose. "Oh?" Her lips curved in a smile slightly too dark for Elizabeth's comfort. "If you say so, Lizzy. But we shall see who is wed by the end of our holiday. We shall see." "Is it a contest, then? I would rather compete in who is the more dutiful, sensible daughter." No. . .better she continue on the path recently embarked upon. Life as a governess was better than starvation. "Then do your duty and see me wed," Lydia retorted. "Think of how improved Papa's health will be knowing at least one daughter is happily settled." The aggravating thing was that her sister was right. Confound it. "This is intolerable," Darcy said, throwing the letter onto his desk. "Georgiana, face me." She turned, sullen expression hardly improved by a trail of tears. It was a ploy, but the sight still produced an internal wince. He was not heartless, no matter what people thought. Not that he cared what people thought. . .but he was not heartless. "What is intolerable?" she asked. "Love? Friendship? A bond between two souls?" The drama. This time he was unable to contain his wince, and she pounced upon the lapse in his control. "See! You mock me, think I am just a silly girl." "I do not think you are silly." His fingers twitched, longing for paper and ink. "I think you are a kind, impressionable young woman with a fortune that makes you the prey of—" "I am not stupid, Fitzwilliam!" Her tears turned to rage in a flash. "Do you think I cannot tell when a man meddles with me for love of my fortune!" "Can we discuss this in a level tone? Shouting is not necessary." "You are cold, Brother. Until you have been touched by true love, you will remain cold." "That is unfair, Georgiana. You know I only want the best for you." He paused. "If I do not have your word that you will cease secret correspondence with this man, I will be forced to take steps. If he is honourable, let him come out into the light and approach me as is proper." "He knows you would deny him. He is neither rich nor titled." He pinched the bridge of his nose. How he longed for the subtle humour, good sense, and soothing wit of his writing companion. Georgiana was wrong. He was not cold. He possessed emotions. He simply understood the value of self-control. It was only in his letters to his mysterious gentlewoman that he felt free to unburden himself. One, because they corresponded anonymously. Two, because there were no expectations in their missives. No recriminations. The year-long series of letters had freed him, in a way, given him an opportunity to engage another person in a way he was reluctant to do in real life. In real life, women always had expectations. Of romance, of marriage, even when by their lower station, dismal accomplishments, and lack of charm, they should know better than to aspire to him as a husband. He had promised Miss Seal—the ridiculous pseudonym she had chosen—they would meet in person this summer. Was he ready to give up the dream of her for the inevitably disappointing reality? The dream of his perfect woman? Elegant, accomplished, well read, and most of all, undemanding. Darcy knew such a paragon could not exist. It was why he was loath to end the idyll. But he had promised, and a part of him anticipated the reveal even as he braced for it. What accomplished woman possessing grace, wit, beauty and good family would waste her time in a correspondence with an unknown gentleman? She would not—she would be married, unless something was wrong with her. But perhaps. . .a plain but not unpleasant spinster. A gently spoken woman who might blossom when offered the accoutrements of wealth. He had known many women who were not handsome, but their elegant dress and manners more than made up for the lack in beauty. So, there was some hope. Please, God, let there be some hope. Let his duty be able to follow the path which his mind and heart inevitably led. "I do not care if he is not wealthy or titled, Georgiana. But he must be of a respectable family of proper social standing and able to support a wife and family. Or would you have me give you to a farmer or a dockworker?" The irony that Georgiana had her own suitor-by-letter did not fail to register. But he was a grown man and she a young girl, not yet seventeen. Her lips curled with magnificent, feminine scorn. "A dockworker! Really, your imagination knows no bounds." More exclamations. He was getting a headache. Could she not just modulate her speech somewhat out of respect for his throbbing temples? "No more letters, Sister. Your suitor will come into the light or scurry off into the darkness where all cretins must retreat. It is his choice, and if I find you have defied me. . ." She exhaled in vexation and whirled, slamming the door behind her, feet pattering down the hall until there was blessed silence. Darcy did not move for a moment, enjoying the relative peace. And then he moved towards his desk and began to write.
Elizabeth stood on the wide verandah of Mrs Frampton's fashionable townhome. It overlooked the shore, and the faint splash of bathers hidden by the small wheeled houses added to the serene summer view. Sunlight touched her cheek, a familiar warmth reminding her of the sea of grasses that disappeared into the woods surrounding her home. She had never been one to shy away from the sun, which was perhaps why her complexion was never so rosy fair as Jane's A warning peal of laughter drifted towards her. Elizabeth winced and turned to reenter the gathering—Lydia required managing again. Underestimating the time needed to allow her eyes to readjust to even a few moments of staring into the bright sky, she collided with a tall, dark shadow. The shadow solidified into a man with eyes of a familiar blue, their angelic hue ruined by a glint of disapproval as he stared in the direction of her sister's laughter. Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy, the man who last year had caused quite a stir amongst the ladies due to gossip over his fortune and unmarried status. She recalled him well. Aloof, with a tendency to engage walls in conversation rather than people, and constantly hovering over his sister as if he were her governess. She supposed she could not fault any older brother for his protectiveness, but it had seemed rather excessive. Following the direction of his gaze, she sighed. Evidently, he had been of the same mind as she, to approach and curtail his own younger sister. She stepped back, then curtsied. "Pardon me, sir, I did not see you." He inclined his head. "It is my fault, of course." Mrs Frampton clapped her hands for attention, distracting Elizabeth from Mr Darcy. It was time to choose this summer's secret correspondents. Her heartbeat increased, a smile tugging at her lips. The crowd drifted around the large crystal bowl filled with papers. Elizabeth had already been by it earlier to place her folded slip inside. But first things first. She weaved through the gathering towards her sister, surprised to realise Mr Darcy walked at her side. Lydia's conversation amongst her group of friends gave Elizabeth pause. ". . .soon to make an offer, I am sure of it, but that Miss Gale continues in her attempts to divert his affections. Oh, what shall I do?" Elizabeth cringed, listening to her sister's wails, and the merriment underneath the faux despair. Lydia loved being the center of attention. "There now," a light, feminine voice replied, "I am certain it will all work out in the end. How could Mr Avery not see how well suited you are? Surely he does not prefer Miss Gale." As she approached, the huddle of young ladies shifted and Lydia was revealed in their center, a delicate hand on her shoulder as a young woman with fair hair attempted to comfort her. Miss Georgiana Darcy. She recalled her as a shy, slightly spoilt seeming but still rather sweet girl, a complete foil to Lydia's nature. It was not Georgiana Darcy whom Elizabeth was wary of; it was her brother. "I am certain you are right," Lydia said, dabbing the corners of her eyes. She looked down modestly. "I despair, however." Miss Darcy's brow crinkled in a well-bred grimace. "I understand how you feel. If you swear my confidence will go no further. . ." A chorus of assurances followed, to which Elizabeth rolled her eyes. How could her confidence go no further in a public setting? ". . .then I shall reveal that I also have an understanding with a gentleman." She sighed, placing a slender hand despairingly on her bosom. "Miss Darcy, whatever is the matter?" someone exclaimed. "Surely—" "My brother would not think him a suitable match, so we may only speak of our affections in secret letters. Quite proper, of course," she added hastily, "nothing at all undignified, but my brother has determined, without even meeting him, that he must be a bounder." Next to her, Mr Darcy stiffened. A few glances as people gathered proved they were not the only ones overhearing the indiscreet conversation. "Oh, fie!" Lydia waved a hand dismissively. "Mr Darcy must never have been in love, not with such a stern countenance. He reminds me of my sister Elizabeth." Elizabeth blinked. Beside her, Darcy coughed. "No fun, though Lizzy used to be quite fun, but because our father is dying. . ." Attention shifted back to Lydia, who accepted the outpouring of sympathy bravely. "I do not know if I could bear to court if my brother were dying," Miss Darcy said. "I should be too distraught. Why, in the latest letter from my dear friend. . ." "Let me see," Lydia said, watching with wide eyes as Miss Darcy withdrew a folded paper from the silk purse hanging from her slender wrist. She snatched it, unfolding the missive to skim the contents. Miss Darcy attempted to retrieve it, constrained by her slightly better manners. "Miss Lydia," Miss Darcy protested. "May I please have my letter back?" "Not before we see what it says. Is your admirer true or a scoundrel?" Lydia's eyes sparkled with mirth. "Let us see by his words of admiration." Elizabeth's mouth tightened. That was quite enough. She approached, catching her sister's eye, and spoke firmly. "Lydia. It is time to begin the drawing." Lydia lowered her arm, making a face. "Oh, look, it is my mother." A trill of giggles. Miss Darcy took advantage of Lydia's distraction to pluck back the letter, a blush on her cheeks. "Miss Darcy," Elizabeth said. "It is lovely to see you again. Forgive my sister's poor manners. I shall speak with her." Georgiana's gaze snagged on the man at Elizabeth's side. "Georgiana," Mr Darcy said. Elizabeth recognised the tone of voice and sympathized, imagining his internal frustration at having to handle a wayward younger sister in public, constrained by the desire to not besmirch his dignity. "There is time for a glass of lemonade before the drawing," Elizabeth said. Mr Darcy glanced at her. "Perhaps your sister would benefit from a cool beverage as well." Elizabeth sniffed. "It seems we both are in charge of sisters requiring refreshment." He opened his mouth as if to retort, then paused and sighed. "You are correct, it seems. Georgiana, if you please?" He escorted his sister to the beverage table, Elizabeth and Lydia trailing behind. Thankfully, curious gazes soon turned back to Mrs Frampton as she began speaking. Last summer, Mr Darcy would have offered a far more scathing reply, but now he simply seemed resigned. What had mellowed his disposition? Whatever the cause of the change, she was grateful. Elizabeth rifled through the folded papers in the crystal bowl, feigning a casualness she did not feel. "Come, Miss Elizabeth, choose," someone behind her urged. While many had taken a bit of time, drawing out the suspense and gaiety of picking this year's secret correspondents, Elizabeth was perhaps drawing it out too much. But then, she had already arranged with Mr Shore to choose each other in the bowl again. There. She found it, a slip of folded paper with the agreed upon signal. . .a smudged half fingerprint on the corner of the paper. She lifted it and turned with a smile. "I have mine." Moving away, she pressed the paper into the palm of her hand, cupping it as if it were a precious jewel, and found a quiet corner. Unfolding the slip, she read two words: Found you. Darcy selected a paper from the crystal bowl. He had waited until near the end, counting on the natural fastidiousness of people to cause them to avoid the paper with the smudge. Inside was a familiar feminine script. He smiled. Or rather, his lips curved slightly more than usual. He scanned the room covertly, moving to a far corner where he could watch people as they mingled and drifted about—and keep an eye on Georgiana. Not only did he need to know if her gentleman was present—perhaps some young man in the crowd who paid more attention to her than was proper—but the identity of his correspondent this entire year past. What woman, who was present now, had also been present last year? Several, of course. Mrs Frampton's yearly gatherings were almost a staple of society, especially because those of lower stations were invited to join in. He dismissed this lady as married, that one as too old, this as too young. . .that one was too unintelligent and lacking in creativity and the faint edge of wistfulness that permeated the letters. This one was a notorious social climber and would never use her time in such a fanciful manner. His gaze passed, stopped, and then tripped over Elizabeth Bennet. Could it be? Darcy moved away from his wall, easing towards his quarry, though there was no hurry. Several years older than his sister, but not yet on the shelf. Perhaps her early twenties, then. Beautiful, but not in a startling way to draw attention to herself. No, a quiet beauty which might be easily overlooked unless one was treated to one of her blinding smiles or flashes of quick wit and merry laughter. Last summer he had found himself watching her, trying to pinpoint the quality he found most alluring. But in the end, she was simply another intriguing young woman but not quite enough to tempt him to extend himself into a quiet flirtation. Especially not with his sister to manage. The few conversations he had attempted with Miss Elizabeth always seemed to go sideways, as if she was secretly laughing at him. Familiar irritation surged. Why a woman with little means from what he could discern, and no particular connections, could find it in herself to laugh at him, he did not know. But. . .she fit the profile he had crafted in his mind. A woman with the curiosity and sense of adventure to indulge in a secret correspondence. The intelligence and compassion imbued in her letters, plus the leisure to write them. A sufficient lack of prospects that she would engage herself thus in the first place. Elizabeth Bennet might very well be she.
Elizabeth smiled, anticipation softening some of the constant worry that dodged her heels. A fit of giggles wiped most of the secret smile from her face, however. She frowned a little, turning her head towards the sound and sighed, moving forward. Time to corral her sister again. A touch of youthful exuberance was charming, too much vulgar. No man desired a vulgar wife, though Lydia seemed to think otherwise. From what Elizabeth knew of Miss Gale, she was a prettily behaved young lady. Mr Avery must choose between Lydia's roguish earthiness and Miss Gale's more acceptable kind of manners. A tall figure approached Elizabeth in her quiet corner. "Miss Elizabeth?" Elizabeth inclined her head. "Mr Darcy. Did I mention it was a pleasure to see you here again this year?" "Likewise. I wonder if I may have a word." She felt her eyebrow begin to creep up and smoothed her expression. What could this taciturn man want with her? She was under no illusion he desired conversation with her for her sake. "You may have more than one word, Mr Darcy, as long as they are all agreeable." Lydia and Georgiana whispered, their hushed conversation punctuated by exclamations. Elizabeth peered over his shoulder. Absently, she made a mental note that he still seemed overly fond of the colour grey. "I request a favour," he said. She lifted her gaze to his face, somewhat astonished. "You now have my undivided attention, Mr Darcy. I cannot even imagine what kind of favour you might beg of me." He had not been precisely unpleasant to her last year, but he had made it clear he thought her beneath his station. A shame, because she suspected a rather intelligent, reasonable personality lurked under the impassive blue eyes and classically handsome face. A shame to waste wealth and beauty on a man so introverted. "I have noticed the acquaintance between our sisters," he said. At those words, her faint humour dissipated. She watched him as impassively as he did her, aware of what must be coming next. It was not the first time some mama or guardian had requested her daughter not associate with the youngest Bennet girls. "Yes, they met here last year, and I believe they and several of the other young ladies have somewhat of a friendship amongst them." "Indeed." He clasped his hands behind his back. "First, my apologies for my sister's manners." He spoke stiffly, as if he both feared judgment and thought himself above it. "My sister is easily influenced, and her emotions are. . .those of a girl her age." "Sixteen is a difficult age. I find myself gritting my teeth and holding my tongue as often as I am required to step in and avert disaster." Darcy inclined his head. "Even so. I feel much the same at times." "Miss Darcy is a lovely mannered girl, and I hear she is most accomplished." Elizabeth smiled gently. "She does not have a companion to assist you?" His forehead creased. "They relinquish their employment as fast as I am able to hire them. None of them seems to suit her very well. She requires a firm hand." "But no young woman wishes to feel as if she is being herded." "Indeed." For a moment, Elizabeth glimpsed the exhausted, if exasperated, humanity in him, as well as the love and frustration of dealing with a younger sister who seemed determined not to listen to good sense. "Her happiness is of utmost importance to me," he said, "but she is of an open nature and easily taken advantage of." Elizabeth stiffened. "Are you suggesting my sister would encourage a friendship with Miss Darcy for some personal gain?" He stared at her, quizzical. "No, of course not. Let me consider my words more carefully. Your sister's lack of caution combined with my sister's willingness to please. . ." She held up a hand. "I understand, Mr Darcy. I am not Lydia's guardian, you understand. I have no more influence over her than that of an older, boring sister. But I will endeavour to curtail the worst of her girlish exuberance." He exhaled. "Georgiana is already resentful of me for other reasons." "You could always marry." As soon as the words left her mouth, she grimaced. "Forgive me, that was impertinent." "This entire conversation is somewhat impertinent," he muttered. "No, I take no offense. I should marry and have thought of it. But the combination of accomplishments, good sense, youthful vivacity and wit is hard to come by." "My, Mr Darcy!" Elizabeth grinned. "No wonder, with a list that long. Ah, but you forgot fortune." He made a face. Barely imperceptible, but she perceived the faint crinkle of his nose. The same expression she had often seen on Miss Darcy's face, though more exaggerated. "Fortune, fortunately, is not something I lack." He blinked, as if taken aback by his own candour. But. . .how odd to think of it, over the last several minutes Elizabeth realised she had relaxed. The flow of their conversation was almost as if they were old friends, it felt that familiar. They stared at each other for a moment. "I thank you for humouring me," he said finally, a bit of his typically stiff demeanour returning. Elizabeth shrugged. "Think nothing of it." He bowed and left her, and Elizabeth stared after him for a moment. How odd. An entire conversation with Mr Darcy, and he had not truly vexed her once. Darcy went over the conversation in his mind. He had approached, using their sisters as an excuse to engage her in conversation. Surely some turn of phrase would reveal her. The conversation derailed as quickly as he had expected. "You could always marry," she had suggested at a certain point in their exchange. "Forgive me, that was impertinent." He could marry. He should marry. But no one tempted him, even with the conundrum of needing a woman to help manage his sister. At least, no present tempted him. The woman he wanted might as well be a figment of his imagination. "This entire conversation is somewhat impertinent. No, I take no offense. I should marry and have thought of it. But the combination of accomplishments, good sense, youthful vivacity and wit is hard to come by." Wincing, he called himself a fool. Those words all but suggested he found her lacking in such traits. "My, Mr Darcy!" Elizabeth had grinned, and once again he was struck by how her eyes glowed when she smiled. "No wonder, with a list that long. Ah, but you forgot fortune." She had been laughing at him again, not troubling to disguise it. "Fortune, fortunately, is not something I lack." He was a fool to remind her, or any woman of that fact, especially if she was not Miss Seal. He had eyed her warily, looking for any change in her demeanour, any hint that she was subtly suggesting herself as a wife. He had no desire for women who flung themselves at him—a wife should have some dignity. She did not follow up her statement, however, as if his wealth was of no import. "I thank you for humouring me," he said finally. Elizabeth shrugged, her gaze on their sisters. "Think nothing of it." After bowing and leaving her, he found himself unresolved on many issues except one. Elizabeth Bennet, guardian of a younger sister, understood his dilemma perfectly—he would write Miss Seal today and await her reply on the morrow.
Mrs Frampton had installed a special letterbox on a post in front of her townhouse for the purpose of exchanging the secret letters. At various times of the day, individuals could be seen peering inside the box to place or look for replies. Elizabeth approached early in the morning, before breakfast. The walk to the letterbox took the place of her habitual morning exercise at home. The scent in the air here was different, and the sounds, though the lapping of water against its shore was almost enough like the flutter of wind through grass that it kept homesickness at bay. She admitted to herself, however, that were it not for her father, she would not be homesick at all. She missed Jane but having Kitty and Mary absent meant a blessed lack of bickering. Elizabeth opened the letterbox and rifled through the three sealed missives, hoping for a familiar wax mark. She was not let down. Her correspondent had left her a letter, and Elizabeth would hasten to reply that morning to return the favor. She took it from the box and walked the remaining five minutes to the beach. There were benches placed at strategic locations, though if Elizabeth had been completely alone, she would have found a rock and plopped herself down with no care for her dignity. Settling onto a bench, she opened the letter with trembling fingers, forcing herself to start at the first sentence and read. Dear Miss Seal, As I stood in the gathering today, I knew that one of the faces, some new and some familiar, belonged to you. I looked at each woman and attempted to determine if she was you. Was this lady too old? This one too young? This one far too silly for the gems of wisdom you offer? I desire, even more than before, to know who you are. If only so we may meet in person and put an end to the fanciful thoughts that plague me of late. Elizabeth set the letter on her lap, staring at the ocean. She was not one to try to add meaning that was not present to another's words. But what fanciful thoughts he was having. The tone of this missive was different. It felt like a gentle caress, rather than the warm but slightly brisk voice of previous letters. Though, admittedly, the briskness has softened over time. In the last several months when they had finally promised to reveal their identities to each other this summer at Brighton, she had felt a certain softening. A certain closeness. But it was foolish. Of them both. While she was relatively assured of her own character, personality and looks. . .she lacked fortune. Connections. She was in no way a good choice of a wife for a man who might need to marry means. And a rich gentleman would never even consider her. Though her father was a gentleman, they were country. With country manners and no London polish. What about him? His mind seemed youthful, though not younger than she. Was he a handsome man with income? Or a decrepit older man or an invalid? Poor. . .would not be the worst thing in the world, though highly impractical. But she still might wed secretly if she continued with her plan. If she found a post as a governess, perhaps her husband could settle nearby and they might see each other during stolen moments. They could not have children. . .oh, who was she fooling? Despair almost caused her to tear the letter up, but she did not. It was not her way to give up hope until there was none left. But it was time to return to the Forster's for breakfast. She would read the remainder of the letter later and craft her reply. I sympathise, Mr Shore, with the difficulty of managing a younger sister of marriageable age. May I offer some advice, such as it is, for I cannot say in any truth that my advice on the matter is worth much. But I have found the more one puts one's foot down, the more a younger sister tends to rebel. Meet her young man in the broad light of day. If his manners and intellect are inferior, she will soon see it when she has another to compare him to. If he cannot support a wife, he will soon be shamed into leaving your sister alone. And if, God forbid, his intentions are not honourable, then you will finally have a face and a name and will be able to take definitive action. But if he is a poor man, but kind and sincerely loving. . .well. If your sister has never known what it is to be poor, she might not fully understand the trials that come with diminished means. I fear she may marry him believing love will conquer all. Perhaps, then, some time spent engaged in charitable work might lend her some perspective? Darcy set the letter from Miss Seal down and left his study to seek out Georgiana in the drawing room to inquire about her activities for the day. He had offered to meet her young man, but so far she had said nothing further on the subject. In this exchange of letters with Miss Seal, he had written of his frustration in handling his sister and her reply, as always, soothed him. The parallels between her and Miss Elizabeth were undeniable. But not conclusive. "We should host a dinner," Georgiana announced when he entered, her gaze skimming the contents of a newspaper. "It is our duty, after all." He grimaced faintly. "If you wish. Whom do you intend to invite?" "Well, Miss Lydia, of course." "Of course." But the silver lining in that cloud was that if Miss Lydia attended, then Miss Elizabeth would as well. He was impatient. He and Miss Seal were inching closer to making the final arrangement to reveal themselves and really, there was no reason other than their unacknowledged trepidation not to come forth. Would she be as lovely, as witty, as Elizabeth Bennet? Would she be Elizabeth Bennet? By deliberately mentioning his troubles with his sister, he was able to glean more information from her response. Elizabeth Bennet had a younger sister of marriageable age, he continued reminding himself. An incorrigible younger sister of marriageable age. "Well, I am certain you have matters in hand." He paused. "What is it you are reading?" Her nose had been stuck in the paper the last several minutes. "Did you know there is a stalker loose in London? Murdering governesses. The poor creatures." Darcy shook his head and turned to leave. "Really, Georgiana. Find something more edifying to read than that salacious gossip." She snapped it closed. "Well, I suppose the plight of mere governesses is so far beneath you, considering you shall never have to become one." "Nor you," he retorted as he left the room. "As I am certain your young man knows all too well." She shouted something after him, but Darcy strode down the hall. He had had the last word for once and preferred it remain like that. Who knew managing a sixteen, almost seventeen-year-old, would take all of his wits?
FYI, someone asked where my other titles went. They are in Kindle Unlimited now and per TOS I can't have them in the 'public domain.' And BN has started sending me nastygrams saying they don't want to publish stuff that is freely available too. rme. I'm fuming, because it's my darn book, I should be able to post it wherever the heck I want to. You'd think, anyway. Anyhow, once they are out of KU, I'll repost here and on my website. If at any point his younger sister had thought him an imbecile, Darcy was determined to put a pin in that thinking post haste. It occurred to him that Mrs Frampton's letterbox would be an excellent method for Georgiana to exchange letters with her secret suitor without Darcy aware. He had forbidden the correspondence, but if it appeared to be part of the seasonal game, she might expect him to overlook it. When she left for her after breakfast walk, he followed. Discreetly. He could have demanded the letter, but no, this liaison was going far enough. The only way to end it, short of locking her up, was to discover the identity of the gentleman and demand he cease all communication. After all, while his sister may not fear him, another man might. Or, at least, fear his family name and connections. He was disappointed, however, when Georgiana merely walked to a local haberdashery, her maid trailing behind her several steps for propriety if not for company. After browsing for perhaps a quarter hour, his sister left the shop and made her way to the circulating library. Darcy lingered, watching the door. It was not farfetched to think perhaps she had an assignation and had either met the man inside, or the man had not appeared. Either case might offer an opportunity to determine the identity of Georgiana's secret letter writer. But no male of a suitable age appeared, and he left. This was foolish. Darcy argued with himself. He was her guardian and older brother, the head of their household and should simply put his foot down. But he could not imprison the girl, and she was clever enough to get letters back and forth, evading his secretary. He could not pay her companions enough to put up with her when she was determined to force them to leave. What else was there to do? Georgiana was growing into a woman, was in fact of a marriageable age, though young. There was only so much control he could exert unless he wanted to mentally abuse her into submission. And that he would not do. They met for luncheon as was their habit while in Brighton. "Good afternoon," he said, placing a kiss on her forehead. "Did you enjoy your outing? "You are having me watched, I suppose," she said, picking at her plate of cold delicacies. "Really, Fitzwilliam, it is not necessary." Darcy took his seat. He did not care for luncheon, but he was her only sibling and she insisted he join her—though perhaps she was reconsidering that habit. Surely, she would prefer the company of her friends? He would suggest she dine out tomorrow, with Lydia Bennet, perhaps. "You know I am only concerned for your welfare." She looked up then. "No, you, like every other man in England, I suppose, think you know what is best for me and are determined to not allow me agency over my own life." Darcy stared at her, taken aback by the calm reason in her tone. He was more used to histrionics and tears or even brilliant smiles when she was happy. But cold, irrefutable logic. . .good God. She would be formidable once she realized logic and planning and subterfuge were more likely to get her her way than tantrums. "Fine," he said. "I will meet your young man. Even if he is a pauper, I will offer him all the courtesy of a peer. You may invite him to the dinner." God, let it be a younger son, or a clergyman. Just not a farmer or soldier. Georgiana's cup slipped from her fingers, dropping onto her plate. She cursed, the poor choice of word escaping from delicate lips. He watched her dab at her dress with a napkin, then throw down the cloth with a sigh. "I will need to change my dress." "Very well. I have some business to attend to." She gave him a scornful look. "In Brighton? What business? The woman you have been writing to has sent you another letter?" "Pemberley and our affairs do not cease simply because we are in Brighton." How did she know about his correspondent? She rose. "I will hold you to your promise, Brother." "Do. But no more letters. I insist, Georgiana. If he wishes to court you and has means to support a wife, I will not stand in the way." Or he would try not to stand in the way. "I hope you are not a liar," she said as she swept from the room. He hoped he was not making a mistake. But there were other matters to see too—and yes, chief among them was a reply to Miss Seal's letter. "There will be an exclusive recital this year," Lydia said, entering the dining room in a rush. Elizabeth sipped her tea. "Don't run into the table, Lydia." The girl could do with a hearty dose of Miss Darcy's more restrained manners. Elizabeth paused, her teacup halfway to her lips for another sip as it occurred to her that she, Mr Shore, and Mr Darcy all shared in common difficult younger sisters. Her fingers trembled a moment, then she banished the suspicion that almost slipped into her head as ridiculous. Lydia skipped to the sideboard, making a face at Elizabeth, and filled her plate with rolls and preserves. She was not a hearty morning eater, but she would always fill up on drinking chocolate. "Yes, it will be quite the occasion," Mrs Forster said. "I do hope you girls brought suitable dresses. Society is quite fashionable here." "What if the Prince attended?" Lydia stared at the ceiling, a dreamy look on her face. "I highly doubt it," Elizabeth said, "and I believe we have suitable enough attire. I wonder if there will be dancing? Can one even dance in the sand?" "Not if you are fat and clumsy like Miss Gale," Lydia retorted. "I, however, shall dance as lightly as a summer breeze." Mrs Forster laughed, but Elizabeth said nothing, not wanting to encourage her sister. Besides, her mind was elsewhere. "There's been another murder," the colonel said, appearing suddenly in the open door. Lydia squealed, "A murder!" while Mrs Forster gasped. Elizabeth pursed her lips. "In Brighton?" He dragged a chair away from the table with a grating groan and dropped into his seat. "No, I shouldn't stand that kind of nonsense here in Brighton. London. Third one this month." He smacked the table with his folded paper. "Maybe this will convince them what I have been saying for years. We need men in the streets keeping peace!" "Who were the victims?" Elizabeth asked. He flushed red with rage. "Each one a decent English gentlewoman. Strangled and left in the street." "Oh, my," Mrs Forster said. Elizabeth was nonplussed. "But why. . .how?" "We shall all be murdered in our beds," Lydia said, her hand going around her throat. "We are not so far from London that we are safe. Oh, Colonel Forster, if not for your protection, I would flee home this instant." He reached across the table and patted her hand. "There, there, my dear. Nothing will happen to the women under my roof. As to your question, Miss Elizabeth—all three of the women were governesses. Gently bred ladies fallen on difficult times, seeking honourable means to support themselves. A pity." He shook his head. "Women must marry. There is nothing for it but for every young woman to find herself a husband." "They are plentiful at the market this time of year," Elizabeth murmured. "One must rise early to pick the best one. Day old husbands are half off." Colonel Forster paused in stuffing a sausage into his mouth and squinted at Elizabeth. Then he roared with laughter. "As you say, my girl. As you say." "What kind of person would want to murder governesses?" Mrs Forster asked. "Oh, we should not discuss such things at the breakfast table, but I am a colonel's wife, after all." He smiled at his wife fondly. "And made of stern stuff, you are, my dear. But you are right to rebuke me so gently. . .we will speak of pleasanter things." "Oh! Speaking of London, Elizabeth, you have a letter." Elizabeth finished chewing her toast. "A letter?" What interesting timing. It could not be from home because she had just gotten one from Jane, so there was only one other reason someone would be writing her. "Yes, I had the maid place it on your desk." "Thank you. I should go and make sure it isn't more news from home." She excused herself and went to her room, sitting at the small writing desk placed under the window. The note was brief. Miss Elizabeth, we are delighted to accept you onto the roster of our agency. Your birth, education and musical accomplishments make you suitable for a position in one of our households. She had exaggerated her musical accomplishments, perhaps, but if necessary, she could set aside the time to improve. Normally we would invite you to London for an in person interview to determine with whom of our clients you would most suit, but we have a gentleman from our office travelling in your direction this week. If you are amenable, please meet with him at the below mentioned time and place. Elizabeth set the note aside, a mixture of hope and resignation in her breast. It was good news that she now had hope of some form of employment to support herself and help support her sisters if her father finally succumbed. At the same time, she realized that her true desires lay along the path of matrimony. Well, that was not shocking. What woman would wish to go into service rather than wed? Though if she had her way, in truth, she would be an independently wealthy woman, traveling the world. "At least you will not starve, Elizabeth," she murmured to herself. It would not do to be ungrateful, or unrealistic, about her prospects. The date given was for a week from today, and the sooner she could face reality and put aside all fanciful hopes regarding Mr Shore and settle into her new life path, the better.
"I'm in final edits this week and the book should be published by Saturday! The pre order price will go up once it is live. More chapters soon. Elizabeth entered the coffeehouse and looked around. It was a pleasant place with white-washed walls and open French doors, leading to a verandah in the back. Couples sat at small tables under the sunshine, the breeze ruffling gowns and sun shining in hair as people sipped tea and conversed. Elizabeth headed towards a table in the back when golden curls framed by scarlet caught her peripheral vision. She blinked. Miss Darcy? Darcy's sister sat at a small table across from a young man. He straightened, his hand slipping back to his side. Just a moment before, he had reached forward to touch the back of Miss Darcy's knuckle. Georgiana's eyes widened. "Oh! Miss Elizabeth. Good. . .day." Elizabeth looked between them. It was none of her business. . .except Mr Darcy had confided in her the day of the drawing, and over the last several days she and Lydia had encountered the Darcys when out attending various engagements. She suspected Lydia and Miss Darcy were coordinating. Elizabeth did not mind, especially since, astonishingly, she had found in Mr Darcy a rather astute conversationalist. Already twice this week, they had enjoyed a deepening discussion that never seemed to quite conclude regarding family, duty, and the travails of being an elder sibling. She knew what she would want a concerned friend to do if it was Lydia. For they both watched over headstrong younger sisters with equal chagrin and wariness. "Good day, Miss Darcy." Elizabeth glanced at the gentleman, who stared back at her with limpid grey eyes and an open expression. He wore red regimentals, the scarlet that had caught her attention, and above the collar, curls as golden as Georgiana's sat whimsically atop his head. He was a handsome man, with a hint of roguishness around the corners of his mouth. Elizabeth's heart sank a little. "Oh! My manners. Miss Elizabeth, this is George Wickham, a friend of my family." Georgiana smiled. "Well, family really. We all grew up together, he and Fitzwilliam and I. Though Fitzwilliam is the oldest of us all. It was such a nice surprise to run into him in the street. I had no idea his regiment was stationed here in Brighton." "What a happy coincidence," Elizabeth said. "A pleasure to meet you Mr Wickham. Miss Darcy, please give Mr Darcy my regards." Mr Wickham stood. "And I as well, Georgi. I haven't time to call today or tomorrow, but I shall see you at dinner." Miss Darcy smiled at him, her heart in her eyes. Wickham bowed, excusing himself. He had had time to sit and hold Miss Darcy's hand, but no time to call on her brother? Elizabeth mentally shrugged. Well, it was none of her business, and she supposed it was innocent enough. He seemed a rather pleasant fellow and handsome in his uniform. Lydia would go mad if she saw him. With an internal wince, Elizabeth nodded at Miss Darcy. "Lydia and I are looking forward to the dinner tomorrow night. Mr Wickham will be there?" "Oh, yes, of course. Such a friend of the family." Georgiana coloured slightly, clearing her throat. "This is one of my favourite places for tea in Brighton, though they specialise in coffee." "It is quite nice." Elizabeth took pity on her. She would know the truth of it tomorrow night, in any case, and could take Darcy aside if it seemed appropriate. "I have an appointment here myself. Perhaps I shall see you when it concludes?" "Oh, yes, yes," she said hastily. But when Elizabeth glanced over her shoulder after resuming her walk to the verandah, Georgiana was making her way briskly out of the establishment. There was absolutely no reason for the tiny nudge of alarm. . .but Elizabeth noted the emotion. Yes. . .tomorrow night she would speak with Darcy if there seemed to be cause. "Mr. Livingston?" Elizabeth hovered an arm's length away from a young man sitting with a cup of strong black tea, a newspaper open in front of him. She suppressed a sigh. It was on the article discussing the terrible events in London befalling governesses. The man looked up. The letter instructing her to meet the agency's representative here at this time had given a brief description of Mr Livingston. This man, of medium height and pleasant if nondescript features—brown hair, brown eyes, a brown suit that was another shabby nor fine with its plain cravat—seemed to fit. He leaped up, shoulders hunching as his chair clattered to the ground. "Oh!" he exclaimed. "My pardon, I am terribly clumsy—Miss Elizabeth?" He hastily righted the chair, untangling his feet from its legs. She watched, bemused, wondering how he had managed to travel without mishap all the way from London when it appeared he could not even stand still without incident. "Yes, how do you do, Mr Livingston?" She sat before he could attempt to hold it out for her and winced as he almost missed his seat when lowering himself back down. "Thank you for meeting with me on such short notice, Miss Elizabeth," he said, hound brown eyes earnest. "Very obliging of you. We appreciate flexibility in the ladies who are a part of our agency." "Our, Mr Livingston?" He blushed a little. "Oh, yes, it is my aunt and uncle who own it, you see. Though I daresay, my aunt does rather more of the work. . ." he trailed off, then cleared his throat. "I was happy to meet with you. It was no trouble at all." "Yes, well." He closed the newspaper. "Tea?" "Thank you." Mr Livingston waited until she fixed her cup of tea before speaking again. "My aunt is very excited regarding your credentials, Miss Elizabeth. While we specialise in placing impoverished young ladies into positions, the breadth and depth of your literary education as well as your accomplishments with music and dancing—well, it is very exciting." "I am so pleased." She sipped. "Your agency comes highly recommended." They spoke for perhaps a half of an hour, Elizabeth discussing her education, family, and various accomplishments which she felt certain she could pass onto other young ladies quite admirably. She played the piano and sang passably, though she had exaggerated those skills. She could also paint an acceptable watercolour. Her embroidery was less pleasing than Jane's. However, if she put her mind to the task her efforts were more than sufficient. She excelled at dancing, however, and that seemed to be the quality the agency was most interested in. "Yes, yes, that is excellent," he repeated. "The family we have in mind is quite anxious their daughters excel at dancing and all the other graces." "Well, I am certain I can prepare any young lady for a proper finishing school, but. . ." He waved a hand. "Yes, I understand." Mr Livingston beamed. "You are simply ideal. The perfect specimen." Specimen? What an odd turn of phrase. ". . .thank you." He leaned forward, then paused, then settled back in his seat, looking momentarily flustered. "The truth is, from your letters I feel I already know you." Her letters? She had sent a letter of introduction to the agency, and then a follow up reply when they wrote back to ask for more details on her qualifications. Granted, she had written perhaps more effusively than required but being so used to letter writing, it had been a task to restrain herself to the more impersonal style such correspondence required. Mr Livingston's voice lowered, and he met her gaze directly. "I hope you understand when I say I feel we have a connection. As if this meeting was meant to be." Elizabeth blinked, a bit nonplussed. The start of something that was not quite unease, not quite discomfort stirred. "It certainly was meant to be. I have the letter confirming our appointment." There. Levity always lightened an awkward situation. He smiled, unblinking. His eyes really did remind her of a basset hound. Large, limpid, slightly sad but brimming with earnestness. "Very droll. I think you know what I mean, Miss Elizabeth." What was he trying to convey? Unease shifted into a sinking sensation in the pit of her stomach. "I assure you, sir," she replied with a firm smile. She could not afford to offend him, but she must not allow him to imply intimacies that were not there. "I do not. Though I am a rather detailed letter writer, so perhaps you do feel you know me from my introductory missive to the agency." Her gaze lowered, caught by his fingers thrumming against the table. "Yes, your letters were rather detailed." He cleared his throat. For days she had searched the faces, the demeanour of the gentlemen present at Mrs Frampton's and various other social engagements. For a year she had built in her mind a picture of the kind of man behind the letters. She had a few suspicions. A slightly older gentleman, a widower with no children. Distinguished looking, with a modest income. Another man who was known to care for a spinster sister, with connections to Mrs Frampton's husband's family. But neither of those gentlemen, or any of the others who might be her correspondent had stepped forward or shown her any particular attention. In fact, Mr Darcy seemed to seek her out more than anyone else in the last several days of activites. She decided it was because he considered her safe; not only did she commiserate regarding his sister rather than berating him, but she had absolutely no marital designs on his person. Elizabeth had watched him deftly manoeuvre around husband hunting young ladies and their mamas and felt vastly more sympathetic this year than she had last. Perhaps her father's illness, her own fall into service, made her more sympathetic to the problems of others. "Miss Elizabeth?" His voice drew her back to the present. "Forgive me, I was momentarily lost in my thoughts. There is so much to consider in preparation." Her statement was nonsense, but it resembled something approaching enough sense that he could not call her out on it. Elizabeth finally faced what he seemed to be subtly implying. "Have you been to Brighton before, Mr Livingston?" "Oh, yes. Many times. It is one of my favourite places to come away from London. The fresh air, the lovely. . .company." Could he have attended Mrs Frampton's last year? Could he be. . .he? Her secret admirer? Disappointment lay sour in the back of her throat. Mr Livingston was an. . .acceptable kind of man. Employed, not unhandsome, a pleasant enough manner. But she could not love him, the way she had always known she could never love her cousin Collins, no matter how her mother had urged Elizabeth to accept his suit. Unbidden, Darcy came to her mind. His dry wit, restrained, aristocratic manner and the occasional flashes of warmth in otherwise cool, assessing eyes. Eyes the same hue as the ocean at dusk. "Mr Livingston, I hope to hear from the agency regarding an appropriate position. As I said, I am able to accept such a position as early as the end of summer." Even if her father had not passed on by then, she and Jane had agreed that the sooner Elizabeth began working and drawing an income to send home to their sisters, the better. "I will write the agency and thank them for sending you." "No, that is not necessary," he said. He cleared his throat. "Do not trouble yourself, you may direct all future correspondence through me as I will be handling your file." Odd. She stared at him for a beat, then nodded. "Very well. I do hope you enjoy your time in Brighton." Elizabeth stood. He scrambled to his feet. "It is a brilliant day. Would you care to take a walk?" "Some other time perhaps, I promised a dear friend I would call upon her today." "I see. Well, good day then, Miss Elizabeth. Until we meet again." She took care to walk at a measured pace through the coffeehouse and did not increase her speed until she was back outside. And then she walked as if the devil himself chased her. Elizabeth was watching the ground as her thoughts raced, much as she did when strolling the plains at home while reading, and ran into a person. "Miss Elizabeth." She looked up, her hands involuntary grasping Mr Darcy's arms. His return grip steadied her, though he released her as soon as it was clear she would not bounce off him and onto the ground. "Mr Darcy. My apologies. This is becoming a rather poor habit of mine, I suppose." "You are not used to the confines of busy town streets, I think." There it was again, the flash of warmth, in contrast to the rather chill greeting the first time she had run into him at Mrs Frampton's. "No, I spend a great deal of time in the forest and fields at home. I was lost in thought and forgot my surroundings." "You would be equally as happy at Pemberley. The grounds, and the forests beyond, are equal to none." She knew better than to read any kind of formal invitation into the words and responded politely. "The next time I am in Lambton, I shall make a point of exploring." "You have family, friends perhaps, in Lambton?" "Of a sort." "You should visit, then." He paused. "And Miss Lydia as well. Georgiana would be glad of her company." Elizabeth stared at him. "I will certainly consider it, and if we come to Lambton, my sister and I shall indeed call on Miss Darcy." He nodded gravely. "You will let me know when you have decided on a date to travel." They had gone from what she thought had sounded like vague pleasantries to Mr Darcy now assuming she was coming to visit Pemberley. "Although," he continued, looking thoughtful, "my sister might enjoy it better if you and Miss Lydia simply stayed with us. Especially as she has no governess or companion." She would never admit to him that soon, rather than a guest in a fine household, she would be a servant. If she were a little less prideful, and a little more ironic, she might apply to him for employment. A sardonic smile curved her lips. Darcy caught the expression and lifted a brow in inquiry. She shook her head, glancing over her shoulder as some instinct sparked. Mr Livingston had emerged from the coffeehouse and stood watching them. "Speaking of my sister, I walked this way intending to meet her. She mentioned she was meeting with a friend in an hour at this location." He nodded in the direction she had just left. Elizabeth hesitated. Georgiana had indeed met a friend—but over an hour ago. Was she attempting to conceal the meeting from her brother? And why? "I did see Miss Darcy, in fact. We met in the coffeehouse. She was with Mr Wickham. I believe he is a friend of your family?" "Wickham?" Darcy replied slowly. "Here in—" he stopped, expression darkening. "Yes, he is a. . .friend of the family." He hesitated. "Miss Elizabeth, I have no right to instruct you, but be wary of Wickham." "Is there some reason for your concern?" Of course, there was, or he would not have made his statement. But he would have to do better than vague warnings. "Just be wary. I have known him many years." His mouth thinned. "I can say nothing further when he is not present to defend himself." "I. . .understand." The delicacy of his warning and his refusal to gossip did him credit. And she was not stupid. There were very few reason why one gentleman would warn a lady away from another. His gaze focused over her shoulder, a slight frown furrowing his brow and Elizabeth could tell she no longer had any of his attention. "Well, I will see you tomorrow evening at dinner, Mr Darcy." "Yes. I look forward to it." His gaze snapped back to her, and he bowed, his elegant courtesy too fine to afford to an almost governess. But he did not know, of course. "Mr Darcy," she said, and curtsied. As she walked away, a small ache bloomed in her heart. How alive she felt in his presence, even when merely exchanging pleasantries. It would have been a fine thing, even if Mr Darcy was a poor man, if he had been her secret suitor. . . .and not Mr Livingston. For nothing else could explain the strange, intense regard of a stranger.
Still editing! LOL. I'll post another chapter tomorrow and I will be putting the book up on Booksprout for ARC readers probably by tomorrow evening as well. Sorry for the loooooog gap between chapters, but the story got away with me along with life and I wanted to hit pause on posting so you'd get something readable. 11/14/19 My sister followed a young man to Brighton, certain that he was soon to propose. I did not discourage this as I feel her situation would be vastly improved if she were wed. She is an exuberant girl and marriage and children would settle her. I hope. But now she has fallen 'in love' with another. She is a butterfly, flitting from flower to flower, joyfully admiring the petals of each one, captive for just those few moments until the next lovely flower beckons. Sometimes I wish I was so light of heart. Alas, my father is ill and dying and my mother distraught. My eldest sister relies on me to help keep the family together. I admit you are the only person I have to talk to. These letters bring me such comfort. But enough of my problems—tell me something happy about your time here in Brighton, Mr Shore? Darcy read the letter, pausing to assess the emotions winding through his breast. Their missives were a combination of light-hearted and serious matters. At times they discussed their family, though only in passing and never delving into intimate discussion. But this time was different. Now he felt she let him into another layer of her heart. This was the first time she had allowed him to read her worry over the present—and undergirding that, the future. She had not mentioned brothers. With an ill father, and sisters, Darcy understood what her current reality must be. Lydia Bennet had mentioned, obviously seeking sympathy, that her father was dying. If Elizabeth had the means to wed well, she would have already done so. He had supposed Miss Seal a spinster, especially as she had mentioned a young, marriageable sister. In this letter, reading between the lines, the sister was spirited and probably lovely, if she had suitors or the confidence to attract suitors. Just like Lydia Bennet. And Miss Seal claimed the only person she might unburden herself to was himself. Darcy held the letter, realised he was crumpling the paper and then smoothed it out on his desk. Was there any reason to continue to avoid a final conclusion of Miss Seal's identity? Rising, he crossed the room to look out of the window. Townhomes stared back at him, and ladies walked below, dainty parasols shielding them from the sun. He had never recalled Elizabeth Bennet walking with a parasol. Her skin glowed with an unfashionable tint of health. Or unfashionable to some. Elizabeth Bennet and Miss Seal were so similar that they must be the same woman. But every time he began to reveal himself, whether through letter or in conversation, he stopped. Darcy returned to the desk, but he did not sit. Worry emanated from her words and he realised the emotion in his breast was the same he felt for his sister when she was in distress. But. . .not quite the same. In his mind he pictured Elizabeth's lovely dark eyes subdued with distress, her soft lips down turned. If it were at night when she wrote, she would be alone in her bedroom clad, in a thin night rail of white, her glossy dark hair around her shoulders. His body tightened and Darcy banished the image. It was ungallant to think of a respectable woman of his acquaintance in such a manner—but it confirmed what he already knew. He not only thought her aesthetically beautiful, he thought her beautiful in the way of a man for a woman he desired. In his bed, underneath his body. He had never allowed himself to feel such things, not for her. In her presence, he kept his impulses severely in check. Next time he saw her, he would not. Next time he saw her, he would test the depth and passion of his responses. Was his desire for her worth the difficulty that must inevitably coming from courting and wedding a woman in her circumstances? His reality, however, was that no other woman caught his eye. There had been a few over the years he had fleetingly considered, but no one who continually snared his thoughts. Not like Miss Seal, who fulfilled his need for a mental companion. Not like Miss Elizabeth, who brought his emotions and passion to the surface. If his letter writer and Elizabeth Bennet were the same woman. . .then he would court her. He would concern himself with the suitability of her lineage later. There was a brief knock on his study door. Darcy turned as Georgiana entered. "You wished to see me?" She stopped just inside the door, body stiff and mouth turned down in resentment. Darcy saw no reason for prevarication. "You were in the company of George Wickham." Her eyes widened, her fingers plucking at her skirt. "How did—how did you know? You are following me!" "You asked me to meet you at the coffee house at a specific time. My meeting you was the condition on which I allowed you to leave without your maid. You told me you desired time alone." She glared at him. "You don't need to repeat my words back to me." "I am ensuring we have not suffered a miscommunication." Now he allowed ice to coat his voice. "I believe you deliberately told me a time to meet that would ensure Wickham was not present." But knowing his sister, she must have left after running into Elizabeth Bennet. "Don't be silly, Fitzwilliam. Why would I want you and Wickham to avoid seeing each other?" "The question gives you away." He stared her down, both amused and exasperated at the logic of girls. He should be glad she had no skill for prevarication, though it pained him to watch her stumble over a lie. "Fine." She turned in a tight circle, an outlet for frustrated energy, perhaps. How long had it been since she was a small girl, running wild through the gardens, tearing her dresses? "I did not want you to see Wickham. Not yet. Not until I had a chance to explain." "And here we come to it. Perhaps we should sit." Georgiana eyed him. "Do. And pour yourself something to drink." Darcy took a seat but ignored the rather wry advice to imbibe. "Sit and talk, Sister. And do not forget that I am charged with your welfare, both as your brother and the head of our household." "As if any woman in England could ever forget that her fate lies in the hands of whatever male happens to be her nearest relative." She lowered herself with a flounce into the chair in front of his desk. The flounce still did not disguise her tight mouth and darting eyes. "Wickham and I are falling in love. I would have thought you would be happy for me, considering we all grew up together." Darcy inhaled, struggling with his anger. "Wickham and I grew up together. You and Wickham did not." He should have realised at the start, knowing how his sister had always had an infatuation for the son of their father's rector and good friend. He had been as close to a brother as one of a lower station might be—not that those considerations had mattered when they were boys. But Richard, at least, had never liked George. Especially once they were all old enough to start noticing girls. "We have discussed Wickham before, Georgiana. He is not a man who is. . .gentlemanly with ladies." She waved a hand. "He is in the militia now, since you forced that ridiculous commission on him. He has matured." "Forced." Darcy grit his teeth, though his jaw wanted to hang open. The. . .the. . .effrontery. He would be having a talk with his old friend. Not just for refusing to stay away from Georgiana, but for spinning her tales as well. Wickham had always professed a tenderness for Georgiana, which Darcy forbade, but until now Darcy had not thought George would go behind his back and court his only sister. "I would have thought you'd learned your lesson the last time he was up to tricks." She avoided his gaze. "We were just children then." Leaning forward, he narrowed his eyes. "I want to read the letters you have exchanged." "We have discussed this, and you already agreed that you would allow them to remain private. I assure you, nothing untoward was discussed. They are completely innocent." He glared. "That is not possible, when you are carrying on an affair behind my back with my childhood friend, one of the most shameless rakes I have ever known in my life." She shot out of her chair. "He has changed, Fitzwilliam. He has been open with me about his past, and he wants to settle down and provide a good future for us. He is a lieutenant." Darcy surged to his feet, slapping his hands on the desk. "He has no fortune, Georgiana! Even if he had the character of a saint, the man is poor—and through his own fault. Is that what you want?" "I have a dowry." He stared at her, a hollow, sinking sensation in his gut. "Has George discussed your dowry with you? Are you mad?" "Of course not! Do you take me for a nitwit who cannot recognise a fortune hunter?" "No, I take you for a woman! This is why your sex requires guardians!" She inhaled. "I just wonder what Elizabeth Bennet would say about that. Shall I ask her, Brother?" Darcy struggled with a wince. Elizabeth would verbally eviscerate him for saying such a thing. "These are our private family discussions. Of course, you should not discuss them with Miss Elizabeth." . . .even though he already had. . .and with Miss Seal. "I have not discussed Darcy money with Wickham," Georgiana said with a sniff. "I am not a fool." No. . .and Wickham would never be so stupid as to mention her money to her. Not this time. She was no longer thirteen, he would know to be more careful. "The letters, Georgiana." He injected steel into his voice. It was past time he put his foot down with his sister. Love was not always kind. She blinked moisture away from her eyes, but the unshed tears made them sparkle. "You promised, Fitzwilliam. You promised you would sit at dinner and hear my suitor out and make a judgment then. Do you break your promise?" The Lord above save him from a woman's tears. A headache began to pound at his temples, and Darcy vowed he would take each strike out on Wickham's hide. He could not force himself to distress his sister—overly much. But he could hunt down his old friend and distress him.
Taking five minutes before my girls' lessons for the day start to post a few more chapters! Happy Reading, and the full book is now published on most major ebook retailers. Once he had reason to track down the inns housing the militia, it took little time. Upon entering the common room of the third, he scanned the men seated for George's sun kissed locks. Darcy restrained a sneer of distaste. How many times had he watched his friend preen in the mirror, carefully tousling his curls until they fell this way and that over his cravat? Wickham was well aware of how women adored his Michelangelo beauty. A familiar face caught Darcy's attention. A young man in a plain but well tailored suit sat at one of the tables, a steaming cup in front of him. Darcy frowned, trying to place the handsome but common face—ah. Earlier when he had intercepted Elizabeth, this was the man who had stared at them for several long moments. Darcy had thought the attention odd, but perhaps it was simple curiosity. He banished the concern from his mind and a burst of laughter in a corner near the fireplace announced his quarry. He would recognise that indolent chuckle anywhere. Five men sat around a table playing cards, three of them in red coats. Darcy strolled towards them, pausing behind a broad shouldered back. Wickham straightened after a moment and looked behind him when his companions glanced at Darcy. "Good God. Darcy." Wickham rose, turning, and reached out to clasp his arm. Darcy endured the familiarity. They were familiar, after all. But Darcy had not, and would not, forgive the harsh words spoken over his father's death bed. "He loved me like a son. He meant for me to have more than a rector's living. Good God! Me, a rector? Can you imagine?" "He wanted you to settle down and do something respectable with your life, George. I will honour the spirit of his will. Take the living or leave it." In the end, Darcy had met George halfway, and only because the argument between them began to bleed out into the open. Wickham was more than happy to speak about Darcy family business all over the county, and the last thing Darcy wanted was his family to be the center of gossip. So, he had given George the worth of the living in a lump sum. And had been repaid with treachery. This is what his almost brother had made of it. A lieutenancy in the militia and. . .Darcy's eyes scanned the card table. . .gambling debts. "May we speak?" Darcy asked. "Certainly. It's good to see you, I did not think to do so until dinner tonight." The men at the table watched with wide eyes. Darcy did not think himself above common soldiers. . .but neither did he appreciate George using him to deliberately increase his own status. That he could so casually mention an invitation to dine in the home of a gentleman would run like wildfire through the ranks—if Wickham had not already used his connection to earn his lieutenancy. He had no land to speak of, but with an education paid for by Darcy's father, George might well have been able to leverage his connection to the Darcys to secure his place. They left the common room. "I have a room upstairs," Wickham began, "or if you prefer—" "Your room is fine. I prefer my conversations remain private." "Yes, still worried about gossip darkening the family name, eh? Well, come on then. I've got a bottle of something stashed. Still not a fan of tea, myself." They ascended the stairs, George leading the way to his room with his unhurried stride. Once the door was closed, Darcy dropped his neutral but pleasant mien and grabbed the man around the neck, shoving him against the closed door. "I told you to stay away from Georgiana," he snarled. George twitched, but Darcy's arm across his neck held him firm. Darcy might not be a soldier, but his father had insured he had attended the finest fencing salons, received instruction in wrestling and fisticuffs as well as the more traditional hunting and riding expected to be a gentleman's course of regular exercise. "Darcy men have always been, and will always be, able to hold their own, my boy. Be it against a common footpad or a wastrel in the finest gaming hell. My great-great-grandfather was the last Darcy to have ever been defeated in a match of physical prowess." And while the Darcys conducted themselves with as much grace and dignity as society demanded—and more—the men of their family, including the Fitzwilliam branch, were men of action. It was one of the reasons why his father had loved Wickham. A rough and tumble boy outdoors, who could transform into a well-behaved boy in the school room. The previous Darcy had had great hopes for George. Staring him in the eyes, Darcy saw no signs that a lieutenancy had tamed his former best friend's wild nature. "We are in love," Wickham said when Darcy eased up on his throat. "I adore her and I always have." Darcy growled. "We have done nothing inappropriate. In fact, today was the first time I gave into her pleas to meet. We have communicated only through letters until now. We have not seen each other since you threw me from Pemberley lands." Was he playing a long game? Darcy did not believe the innocent act for one moment. Darcy ignored Wickham's taunt. The man had not been thrown from Pemberley lands—he had flounced off in a dramatic fit of pique because Darcy refused to fund his excesses. Once, they had been close as brothers. Once. "You should think of Georgiana as your sister," he said. "I find your regard suspicious." "Don't be ridiculous. There is a decade and more between our ages." George paused. "Love is an insidious thing." "Especially when paired with a substantial dowry." George scowled. "You always think the worst of me." "I wonder why." Darcy stepped back, his temper spent. George rubbed his neck, wincing. "Is it because you have always shown the worst side of yourself, despite hopes to the contrary?" "Let's not discuss the past." He lowered his arm to his side. "I shall see you both at dinner tonight, and we will discuss the matter—like family." Limpid blue eyes stared at Darcy. "If I had not already promised my sister I would give her suitor a chance, I would throw you out of the window." Darcy strode out of the room, slamming the door behind him as Wickham's words trailed in the air mockingly. "You really must learn to control your temper, Will." "How is Mr Avery?" Elizabeth asked Lydia at the dinner table that evening. "Who?" Lydia looked up. "Oh. He is much in Miss Gale's company." Elizabeth stared at her sister in consternation. Lydia spoke as if the fact that she had lost Mr Avery to the despised Miss Gale was no more than spilled milk. And yet her sister's eyes were soft with the faraway, dreamy quality that meant Lydia had fallen in an infatuation again. "I am surprised to hear that. How did you spend your time today?" "Georgiana and I met up with an old friend of hers." "You are on a first name basis with Miss Darcy?" Lydia gave her a scornful glance. "Why stand on ceremony with one's own friend amongst ladies? Only the old worry about such things." "My," Mrs Forster murmured. "We are certainly put in our place, Elizabeth." Amusement warred with irritation at being labeled as cold until Lydia's words registered. "A friend? Oh?" Lydia looked at her through her lashes. "Yes, a delightful young man. Mr Wickham. He is in the militia." She sighed. Elizabeth and Mrs Forster exchanged looks. "You do appreciate a man in a red coat," Mrs Forster said. "Dear?" The colonel squinted at his wife, then glanced at Lydia. "Wickham, eh? I'll make an inquiry, though if he is a friend of the Darcys, I daresay he is a respectable enough fellow." Not if Lydia liked him, he was not, Elizabeth thought. But then she had met Mr Wickham, if briefly, and he had seemed perfectly pleasant. Except for the fact of Darcy's warning. "I met him, in fact," she said. "I came upon Miss Darcy and Mr Wickham in the coffeehouse today." "You dislike coffee," Lydia said. Elizabeth's thoughts caught up with her tongue. Lydia, nor the Forsters, knew she was applying for positions. "Miss Darcy recommended their tea." Which was not a lie. Just a smidgen misleading. "They have a lovely verandah overlooking the beach." "I suppose we shall see him at dinner tonight," Mrs Forster said. "If he is as handsome as you imply, I should like to meet him." Elizabeth continued to frown at her plate. If Lydia was no longer interested in Mr Avery. . .whom would she marry? Foolish, foolish girl.
Elizabeth wore a deep rose gown trimmed in lace of a lighter hue. The color complemented her dark hair and made her sun kissed skin appear creamy, especially in candlelight. Lydia wore blue, the color highlighting her eyes and making the flecks of green appear of the sea rather than the forest. "We never would have received an invitation if it were not for your acquaintance with Miss Darcy," Mrs Forster told Lydia. "There is no better way to get to know a young lady than a dinner party. Her manners, her conversation, how well she deals with one's friends and family." "I imagine Mr Darcy hardly needs to give dinner parties in order to find a suitable bride," Elizabeth murmured. And in the last week she had witnessed firsthand the attempts of young ladies to insert themselves into his path—and their tightlipped smiles when observing Elizabeth at his side. She wondered if he was using her as a shield. She would have to warn him that taking that tactic could backfire if their names became linked. Especially if her circumstances became known. "I imagine you are correct. He is not quite sociable, is he? Though so handsome—and rich, of course. It is a wonder he has not wed." "He has time." "Men always do." Elizabeth agreed. Men could afford to take a decade or two to decide on a wife—their survival did not depend on their marital status. They spent the remainder of the ride in conversation. Mrs Forster and the colonel did not own a carriage, but there were plenty of phaetons for tourists to hire and it was good weather again. Astonishingly good weather. She thought of Meryton and the constant rains, wondering if her father's most recent chill had abated. When they arrived and were escorted into the drawing room, Elizabeth noted a light hand with the decor, colours and woods chosen to complement the sea. Warm honeys and blues with hints of green, accents in white. "Miss Elizabeth, was it not?" She turned. The tall, blond man introduced as Miss Darcy's family friend approached. "Indeed. Mr Wickham, if I recall correctly?" "Indeed. We recall each other's names; therefore a friendship is meant to be." "Are you destined to have many such friendships? Miss Darcy, my own sister—Lydia Bennet." His gaze remained blank for a moment. "Oh, Lydia! She did not tell me you were sisters, I thought her a friend of Ge—Miss Darcy." Curiosity lit his eyes and he stepped closer. "So you are the disapproving elder sister. I confess—I rather thought you would be a harridan." He paused and looked her up and down boldly. "And you are not. Never trust a woman to describe a woman more beautiful than she—they always lie." Elizabeth felt her expression freeze into something chilly. This Wickham—he was indeed a rogue. "Miss Darcy and my sister are friends, though they only met last season." "And now you see," he replied in a light, but knowing tone, "there is no cause for alarm." "I am sure I don't know what you mean." "Oh, come, Miss Elizabeth. I have been on the receiving end of more than one disapproving look in my life. I." He pressed his hand to his chest. "Can you believe it?" "Not at all." Her tone implied the opposite. He grinned, then lowered his head, stepping closer, his voice deepening to a purr. "I must be on my best behavior to convince you otherwise. I will reveal to you a secret—" "Wickham." Elizabeth looked over Mr Wickham's shoulder as he turned. "Darcy." He stepped aside. "Have you met Miss Elizabeth?" "It is my house, and she is a guest in it." If someone had lobbed a packed snowball into her face, it would not have been as shockingly cold as Darcy's voice. Darcy stepped around Wickham, inserting himself between them. "Your pardon, Miss Elizabeth, for not greeting you when you arrived." "Not at all, Mr Darcy," she replied pleasantly. Behind Darcy, Wickham's dusky blond brows slowly rose. He appeared amused by the view of Darcy's back, rather than annoyed at the slight. "Well, of course you have met Miss Elizabeth," he said, "though I have only just been introduced recently. But I can already tell she will be a droll wit, and we know how you love a wit." She stiffened. Insinuation wrapped like a snake through his tone. She could not tell what flavour of insult he offered, however. Or at whom the insult was aimed. Darcy turned. "Let us go in to dinner." Mrs Forster sidled next to her as the party began arranging themselves in order to go into dinner. "Mr Darcy did not appear to approve of Mr Wickham flirting with you," Mrs Forster whispered into Elizabeth's ear. "I was not the only person who noted it." "I do not know what you mean. He was not flirting." Mrs Forster gave her a knowing look. "He is clearly a rogue." But if Elizabeth had not told her of Darcy's warning, perhaps she would not think so. There was no further time to talk as they took their seats and dinner began. They had just begun the soup course when the lady seated closest to Darcy spoke. "Mr Darcy, how have you enjoyed the festivities this summer?" She listened in, readily admitting to herself her curiosity, taking care to address a comment to her companion every other moment as well as keep a watch on Lydia. "It is the same as every year," was his calm reply. Noncommittal, neither a compliment to this summer's entertainments nor a disavowal. "Surely not completely the same," the lady replied with a knowing laugh. "And we have heard that you seem to be enjoying the company of a particular young lady this summer." Elizabeth chanced a quick glance in his direction and saw his cool expression did not alter. "Oh? Well, there is always talk. That will never change." "Do tell me more, Mr Darcy, for I cannot ever recall seeing you in the company of the same gentlewoman more than twice." "Surely not. I often keep the company of Miss Caroline Bingley, for her brother and I are good friends. He chose to spend the summer elsewhere, unfortunately." "Bingley. . .Bingley? Oh yes! I recall the name now. Their family is from Yorkshire. The father was in—" "Yes, that Bingley," he interjected, tone slightly repressive. "But you must tell me more about this young lady. You know I am a friend of your aunt, and I simply—" "Miss Elizabeth, may I introduce Lady Adriana, a friend of my family? Lady Adriana, this is Miss Elizabeth Bennet." Lady Adriana turned her head, leaning forward slightly. Her eyes widened. "Oh, Miss Elizabeth. Do we know your family, dear? Are you from Brighton?" "A pleasure to meet you," she murmured. "No, my family resides in Hertfordshire. My sister and I are in Brighton on holiday with Colonel and Mrs Forster." "Oh! I see. Is this your first holiday here?" "No, indeed. My mother is an old friend of Mrs Frampton. We visited last summer as well." "Miss Elizabeth's younger sister is a friend of Georgiana," Darcy said in his reserved tone. "We frequently escort them to the same events." He was politely squashing any potential gossip that might link their names in any significance. Elizabeth appreciated that he did so without implying she was of too low a station to be entertained as a potential bride—though of course true, it was kind he did not overtly make that implication. Her heart twinged, however, before she banished the niggling emotion. Lady Adriana soon lost interest in conversation with Elizabeth, for there was little enough reason to pay attention to someone as ordinary as a country gentlewoman of ordinary beauty and next to impoverished status. Local society already knew the names of all the heiresses of significance attending festivities this year, and Elizabeth's name was certainly not on the de facto list. After some time passed, Elizabeth happened to glance in Darcy's direction. Once she had forced herself to stop thinking about him, she had been able to engage her dinner companion in an entertaining conversation. But as she met Darcy's gaze, she stilled. His blue eyes glittered as hard as sapphire stones, the planes of his face cut from marble. Then he looked away and as she followed his line of sight, realised his ire was not aimed at her. Lord have mercy, she was a fool. She had been eating and conversing as if this was a normal dinner party, and not a powder keg ready to explode. Georgiana stared daggers at Lydia, who leaned close to Wickham, an impish smile on her face. All of Elizabeth's levity vanished as she narrowed her eyes. Lydia had not been seated next to Wickham at the start of the evening. . .had she? Had the girls switched places? Glancing between Georgiana and Lydia, then spying Wickham's indolent, slightly smug smile, Elizabeth set her fork down.
After a moment more of observation, the dynamics between the trio became glaringly obvious. Wickham was toying with them both, but managing to do so in a way that he was able to maintain a credible air of innocence. ". . .then he is a fool, Miss Lydia," Wickham was saying. "What man, who had the chance, would not fall on his sword to earn your hand?" Lydia giggled. "I bear Mr Avery no ill will. He is a boy, after all. When I marry, I will marry a man." Elizabeth flinched. "Besides," her sister added, "I have known Mr Avery all my life—we are on a first name basis, really. Such old friends." "One should marry one's old friends," Georgiana said in a tight voice. "The gentlemen we grow up with make the best spouses, for they know us best." Lydia waved her land. "La. No man wants a woman he was raised with. It is like marrying a sister." Elizabeth watched Georgiana's fingers curl around her fork. What in the world was Wickham up to? Was his strategy to make Georgiana jealous and if so, why? That would hardly endear him to Darcy. "Don't be silly," Wickham chided gently. "A gentleman may wish to marry a lady he has grown up with—but she should be certain to express her preference for him, for if she does not, he may think his suit will be rejected and give his heart to another." "Is it now expected that a gently bred woman throw herself at a suitor in an unseemly way?" Georgiana asked, cheeks pale and eyes glittering. Elizabeth glanced under her lashes at Darcy and saw a similar expression of fury. But for the opposite shades of their hair, they could be twins in their indignation. "Not at all, but if a man is to offer himself, his name, his living to a woman, he must know her heart is fully engaged and she will follow his lead in all things. He must know she belongs to him only." "This is hardly appropriate conversation for a dinner table," Darcy said in a cool, edged tone. Wickham blinked at him, his dark lashes nearly fluttering. "We are among friends and family. What topic could be more appropriate than love?" Darcy's expression did not change. "I insist." Lady Adriana laughed lightly, though when Elizabeth glanced at her she thought she saw a glint of distaste in her eyes. "What interesting companions you invite to your table, Mr Darcy!" "Some rather invite themselves." Lady Adriana laughed again as if that was the most amusing thing he had said all evening. Elizabeth watched Wickham, who managed to sit indolently in a straight-backed chair and smile smugly. He murmured something to Lydia, ignoring Georgiana. There was nothing Elizabeth could do without drawing even more attention to the ill bred behaviour. She would certainly not shout across the table at her sister. Elizabeth caught Mrs Forster's eye and gave her a significant look, hoping she would understand and intervene. "Lydia, my dear," Mrs Forster said, "you have hardly eaten a bite. Come, try some of. . ." Lydia allowed herself to be distracted and Elizabeth breathed a silent sigh of relief. The remainder of the dinner passed, however, with increasing flare-ups. By the conclusion of the meal, she had long ceased finding pleasure in the food and company and simply wished to return home. Even Lydia seemed to realise something was amiss with Wickham. His eyes sparkled, a rosy flush on his cheeks, his mouth red and wet from constantly sipping his wine. For once there was a person present more poorly behaved than she. Elizabeth was not looking forward to the remainder of the evening and, indeed, when the ladies settled into the drawing room, the lid on Georgiana's temper cracked open. It started with an innocent compliment from Lady Adriana, congratulating Georgiana on how she had grown into a young woman of grace and exquisite manners. "Your brother's taking you to London to enjoy the season last year stood you in good stead," Lady Adriana added. "I always say it is good for girls to gain a little polish before formally out." "I agree," Georgiana said. "I have found in my time in London that it is rather ill bred for a lady to monopolize the attention of one companion at the dinner table. And particularly scandalous if it a male companion." Elizabeth inhaled. Mrs Forster beat her to a reply, with a calm smile. "So true, Miss Darcy. I hope to visit London in the fall. Can you recommend a modiste? I will be accompanying my niece, and I think some shopping would be just the thing to cheer her up. The poor thing lost her dear friend to illness this spring. So sad, such a young life." "I can recommend several." Her gaze cut to Lydia. "Your gown is lovely, Miss Lydia. You are so clever with a needle. I would be hopelessly attired if I had to fit my aunt's gowns to my form." Lydia blushed crimson. The gown she wore was actually not handed down, but several of her others certainly were. The implication that they were too poor to afford fashionable new clothing was not lost on anyone. Elizabeth allowed her eyes to drift shut for a bare moment, wishing she was anywhere but here. "My sister Jane is an accomplished needlewoman," Lydia said softly. "I will pass on your compliments—perhaps if you ever visit, she could offer you some instruction. She is a miracle worker, even with forms as slender as yours." Georgiana's mouth pinched. Elizabeth wondered at the parry, for slender forms were quite in fashion, but perhaps Georgiana was one of those girls who bemoaned her slight bosom in private amongst her friends. Lydia. . .Lydia's bosom was anything but slight. All the Bennet girls were Venus like in shape. The girls bickered in false polite tones until the air in the room was strained enough all other attempts at conversation fell flat. Though Lady Adriana seemed to be enjoying herself. Elizabeth supposed a woman of wealth and a certain age found such things amusing. Elizabeth found it in exceedingly poor taste. She wound never escort Lydia to another dinner again. When the men joined them an hour later, it was a relief. A short lived relief, however, for the addition of Mr Wickham was like a match to tinder. He toyed with them both, his comments innocent on the surface. But even Lydia soon tired of him, distancing herself physically from both him and Miss Darcy. After a short time, Elizabeth decided they had stayed long enough it would not seem as if they were hastily retreating in shame over her sister's conduct. She approached Mrs Forster, who was chatting with another lady of similar age in a relatively quiet corner, and spoke in a low tone after drawing her aside. "I am about to feign a headache, so we may leave. Lydia is—this situation can only end badly. I fear her reputation after tonight. . ." Elizabeth glanced at her sister in helpless anger. Mrs Forster smiled blandly. "I think that best, dear, though there will be nothing false about your headache, if I guess." Nothing false at all. Elizabeth began to walk towards Lydia, who stood next to the colonel as if she was seeking shelter from the covert glances aimed her way. Her back was to Wickham and Georgiana, her usually smiling mouth pressed in a straight line. Either Miss Darcy's remarks had aimed true, or Lydia had tired of Wickham as much as everyone besides Georgiana seemed to. It puzzled Elizabeth that Darcy did not intervene, simply watched with hard eyes. She wished she had the courage to ask him why. "Lydia, Colonel, I have an awful headache brewing. Do you mind if we retire early?" She pressed a hand to her temple. "The sun today—I forgot a bonnet again." "Do look a bit flushed, my girl," the colonel said. "Perhaps it's best." "I will make my excuses to Mr Darcy." He saw her as she approached and excused himself from the gentleman talking at him. "Miss Elizabeth." Was he vexed with her? He had offered his hand in friendship these last few weeks, allowed Lydia and Miss Darcy to become close and was repaid by fodder for gossip. Though, of course, she would lay blame for Wickham's presence squarely at his feet. What had he been thinking to renew a family friendship with such a man? "I wanted to take my leave and thank you for the evening before my family and I retired. I spent entirely too much time in the sun this afternoon, and my poor head is now paying for it dearly." "Of course." He did not blink, speaking in a smooth tone. "It was our delight you graced us with your presence." Elizabeth hesitated. She felt like she should apologise for Lydia, but frankly, she did not want to draw his attention any further to her ill bred sister. Yet. . .she lowered her voice. "My apologies for Lydia. I believe she thought it was a game, the bantering between herself and Mr Wickham and Miss Darcy. The assemblies and society we attend in Meryton are. . .different." "Do not trouble yourself." His voice chilled. "Wickham knows what mischief he is causing. My sister will have to learn as well." Was that why he had not intervened? To teach Miss Darcy a lesson about granting one's affections unwisely? But she glimpsed a flicker of something in his eyes that might have been pain, or regret, and knew Wickham must have once been Darcy's friend too. Suddenly there was a gasp. Elizabeth jerked her head towards the noise in time to see Wickham lift an arm to wipe at his dripping face, and Georgiana push her way through the room to the door. She whirled. "If you prefer a milking cow to a gazelle, then you are not the friend I thought you were!" "Georgiana." Darcy strode towards her, arm outstretched. She knocked it away. "Leave me alone, Fitzwilliam." Darcy turned on his heel and glared at Wickham. "This is your fault." Wickham spread his arms. "I believe she had a bit too much to drink, but these things happen. I am unharmed." She looked around wildly as if realising she was causing a scene. Bursting into tears, she wrenched the door open and fled through it. Elizabeth did not think; she simply followed. "Miss Darcy!" The young woman was halfway down the hall. She jerked to a halt. "No one come after me!" But she did not continue her flight. Elizabeth was at her side in a moment. "Dear Miss Darcy, never allow a gentleman who has treated your abominably see you cry. Or a lady," she added. "How could he?" Georgiana fumed. "Flirt with that. . .that. . .milking cow!" Elizabeth winced. She did not particularly care to hear her sister insulted, but in the circumstances, she understood why Miss Darcy was so distraught. "Oh, I did not mean to—" "Never mind," Elizabeth interjected. "Did you notice that Lydia left his side to stand with the colonel? It is my belief she did not understand it was not just another game, harmless flirting. When it became clear his intent was to make you jealous, she withdrew from the field." Georgiana turned. "Why would he wish to make me jealous? I already love him?" Elizabeth frowned. "It does not speak well of his character. He must feel insecure in your affections, or perhaps he is the kind of man who simply enjoys having two women fight over him." Elizabeth curtailed what she really wanted to say—not only would speaking about Wickham too harshly pique Georgiana, who was infatuated with him, after all, but it would cast Elizabeth in the role of disapproving elder. To reach Miss Darcy, she must appear sympathetic. "I do not believe he truly harbours any entendre for Lydia, however. But. . .marriages to men who play these sorts of games are rarely happy ones. Find a quiet man with eyes only for you." "But I love his eyes," was the quiet reply. "I have since I was a girl." Elizabeth sighed. "That may change in time, Miss Darcy. I urge you to explore your options. And remember, your brother has your very best interests at heart. Consider his opinion in this matter." Georgiana avoided her gaze. "My head is troubling me, Miss Elizabeth. I must rest." "Of course. Good night, Miss Darcy."
Elizabeth entered the drawing room, glancing around for Darcy. Mrs Forster rose from her seat as Elizabeth approached the corner seating area where Lydia, the colonel and Mrs Forster sat alone. The other guests mingled in twos and threes, far away from the Forsters. Elizabeth steeled herself for the gossip the following morning. "Mr Darcy?" Mrs Forster glanced at the door, brow furrowed. "He excused himself to speak with his man. Mr Wickham left soon after Miss Darcy." "Wants to make certain that man's boots are clear of the perimeter, I daresay," the colonel grunted. "Nothing good ever comes of raising folks above their station—gives them ideas, and disappointment always makes an enemy." "Many worthy people handle disappointment with grace," Elizabeth said, "though I take your meaning. No. . .Mr Wickham's character simply seems lacking." Lydia, seated in the corner with her arms crossed over her chest, sniffed. "I would be upset if I was treated so horridly by my family as well." "They are not family," Elizabeth said. "Mr Wickham was a friend of the family, though—I forget myself." She lifted a hand to her forehead. "Let us not discuss these matters when the individuals involved are not present to defend themselves." Mrs Forster touched her arm. "How is Miss Darcy? Poor girl. Her heart genuinely seems to be in the right place. She is just so young." Elizabeth lowered her hand. "Yes, young enough to heal from disappointment. She is upset, naturally, but I hope she will come to realise some men are not worth the emotions." "She needs to hear that from someone other than myself," a deep voice said quietly behind her. "She thinks me overprotective." Elizabeth turned. "I urged her to consider your opinions in the matter, for you had her best interests at heart. And to consider the worth of a gentleman who behaves in such a manner." Mr Darcy smiled grimly, then looked at Mrs Forster. "Will you allow Miss Elizabeth to take a turn in the garden with me?" "Of course," she said, expression placid. "We will just sit right here and enjoy the company." "And the port." The colonel lifted his glass "I daresay you need the fresh air. Bit of an escape from the gossip." Darcy's expression chilled. "None of my guests will discuss the members of my household, nor the events of this evening, with those who were not present. I do not invite individuals into my home who lack discretion." He did not look at Lydia. The colonel snorted. "Come, Lydia, a sour expression ruins your looks, you know." Elizabeth suppressed an eye roll at her sister's immediate improvement in disposition. Darcy led her to the gardens, which were about what she expected for a townhome in Brighton. She had the brief impression of the moon shining down on paving stones, a bench and fountain and carefully tended beds but nothing so lush as one would find on a country estate. The ever present murmur of waves in the distance and the faint scent of ocean mingled with the perfume of his flowers. He seemed to shed something, a mental weight perhaps, shrouded in darkness. His posture was no longer quite so rigid, his expression relaxing enough that the downturn of his mouth was evident. He glanced at her, standing in front of the fountain with his hands clasped behind his back, and he looked tired. "My apologies," he said. "I never should have indulged my sister's whim to invite George home. I cut ties with him for a reason." She shook her head, her mouth twisting. "I believe I owe you an apology for Lydia. I have always told her that her flirting will hurt someone she cares for one day." He lifted a brow at her wry smile. "I observed her. Her conduct is. . .less self-aware than it should be, but I sensed no malice." "My mother indulged her: she is the youngest. And my father spends all his time in his books." Elizabeth heard herself speak and wondered, with distant astonishment, if the cover of darkness was to blame for her bare honesty. "My youngest sister has always run a bit wild." "Hmm. Wickham picks at you, gouges tiny little cuts with his beak that do not hurt until you realise you are covered in thousands of them, and bleeding." It was an illuminating statement. "That kind of pain is usually only caused by our loved ones." "How was my sister? I tried to speak with her, but she would not open the door." "I have hopes she will reflect on this evening and realise how unsuitable Wickham is as an object of affection," Elizabeth snapped, then inhaled. "Forgive me. I am vexed with that man. He led my sister down a garden path of absolutely atrocious behavior, and we shall see the consequences of it soon." "I meant what I said. My guests do not gossip. No one who ever has has been invited into my home a second time." "I suppose that is a useful sort of reputation to have," she muttered. "The infuriating thing is, she probably thought him romantic. As soon as we are home, I will forbid the association." "That sigh sounds familiar," he murmured. "Should we rethink their friendship, Miss Elizabeth? Perhaps they encourage each other in foolishness." "I normally would be inclined to agree, but in my experience, one must choose battles. If we forbid them their acquaintance with Wickham, they will rebel and become entirely unmanageable if we also attempt to restrict their female friendships. I would like to survive Brighton." She added the last unthinkingly, then felt heat rise in her cheek. Darcy chuckled. "And I. I am tempted to return to Pemberley early, but. . ." he paused, and his gaze found hers. "He was impolite to you as well." They stood a distance apart, but it felt as if he reached out. "I wanted to. . .well. I have often had to suppress martial responses when it comes to him." Her heart fluttered. "I am able to handle myself with a person like that. You swat them once and like any pest, he will flee." Darcy laughed. "If only it were that simple for me." "This too," she replied in a light tone, "shall pass." His eyes warmed, a smile flickering around the corners of his mouth. "Tell me, did my sister curse my name and threaten to shear her hair?" Elizabeth winced. "Not quite, though the general sentiment was present. Perhaps have the cook make her favourites for breakfast. Chocolate does wonders for my disposition." "I will remember that, Miss Elizabeth. There may come a time I will need to ingratiate myself into your good opinion." Elizabeth blushed, glad of the night that hid the colour, but soon after that they returned to the drawing room. They made their farewells to the other guests, who remained scrupulously polite but avid-eyed, and left. "I have had to restrict her from all correspondence other than Miss Lydia's letters," Darcy admitted two days later. "It was a step I was loath to take, but necessary. She refuses to see reason." "She may not," Elizabeth replied as they strolled along the pier. "Perhaps not for many years. Unfortunately, the wisdom to avoid making unwise decisions in love often comes through time and experience." He glanced down at her, a subtle good-natured mockery in his eyes. "And you are so very old, Miss Elizabeth?" "Were you unaware that it is impolite to fish for a lady's age?" "Ah." He looked up into the sky, expression inscrutable. "But then, Wickham and I were friends for a reason." "Forgive me if I pry, but is he really as bad as that? Certainly, his behaviour the other evening was unacceptable, but. . ." "I understand. It is a skill of his to appear both harmless, sheepish, and roguishly handsome simultaneously." Any other man might have sounded sour. Darcy sounded matter of fact. They paused, facing the beach. In the distance, men pulled small wheeled houses into the waves. Laughter flitted along the wind. When Elizabeth glanced back towards the people scattered across blankets, sipping tea and eating cakes, she spotted Lydia and Miss Darcy in their usual group, straying close to the water. There was a shriek and then Lydia pushed a young man forward. He tumbled into the waves, splashing around for several seconds before another young man assisted him to his feet. Elizabeth turned her head away. "I will concede that you know him better than I. But you do not believe he would do anything. . .irrevocable, do you?" "His nature is essentially selfish, if not actively malicious. But age and malcontent have a way of convincing oneself that malice is justice and equity." "You believe he feels entitled to whatever his end goal is." "His goal is my sister." And her fortune, but he did not have to say that aloud, Elizabeth understood.
Her cares never truly left her shoulders, but like a well-worn shawl, she could set them aside for a time. Elizabeth walked through the sands, a picnic basket over her arm. This was to be the first time during this holiday she would have to herself. She missed her fields and forests. Missed trudging along familiar paths while she spent a few precious minutes. . .very well, hours. . .in her newest book. Choosing a spot well away from any others, she set the basket down and withdrew a blanket, which she spread. Dropping her book onto the blanket, she settled herself into the cushion of warm sand, glad for the layers of her clothing. She took a wide-brimmed hat out of the basket next, placing it over her head. There. The brim would protect her face from the sun, though her true motive was to protect her vision as she read. It was a shame she was so poor. Miss Darcy did not know how to properly enjoy her status in life, instead playing silly girls' games with Lydia. If Elizabeth were a Darcy, she would have a stack of books next to her. All the latest gothics from London as well as books of essays on the rights of women. She would have a maid a discreet distance away, available to fill her glass with lemonade and bring her little things to nibble on. She would get fat, most likely. But perhaps she should not envy Miss Darcy, who did not possess a poor girl's talent of enjoying the simple pleasures in life. Elizabeth smiled and opened her book, spending a pleasant half hour reading before a shadow cast itself across the sand. She did not look up at first, not wishing to encourage any ladies she might have an acquaintance with to stop and pass some time if they happened to make eye contact. But she was not so lucky. "Miss Elizabeth!" Her head jerked up, and she blinked. "Mr Livingston?" Whatever was he doing here? After their interview the other day, she had put him from her mind as forcefully as possible. She had wanted to avoid thinking upon the possibility that he was her secret correspondent. Dreaded the inevitable letdown she must give him, and herself. For no matter how well spoken, educated, and pleasant he seemed to be—she knew she could never love him. And that, truly, was next to heartbreaking, for the mind contained within her letters. . .she had grown to love. But that mind she had never imagined belonged to an unassuming, youngish man of middling height and unimaginative trade. She had expected. . .more. "What a splendid idea, a day reading on the beach." He paused a length away, looking down at her with quiet admiration in his eyes. "I can see that you are, indeed, a lady who seeks to improve her mind." She tucked the book under her thigh. She wondered what he would think if he knew that between its pages were passages that were anything but proper for a young lady to read. "You do me too much credit, Mr Livingston," she said. "It is an idle way to pass one's time while on holiday." "I saw you walking and followed you. I thought we could talk. I have been trying to catch you out and about for a few days now." He paused, dark eyes reproachful. "The address on your letter to the agency was not correct." Elizabeth stared, somewhat nonplussed. She had never heard a gentleman admit so blithely that he had been hunting a woman down. And she would not beg his pardon for the error on the return address—it had been a mistake on her part before she memorised the Forsters' address, but since her letters were addressed in care of Mrs Forster, they were delivered anyway. "I went to the wrong house," he continued, "though the neighbours were kind enough to correct my information." "You called at the residence where I am staying?" "Yes, that is what I said. We have much to discuss." He walked around the blanket and settled himself down on a square a length away, perhaps for propriety's sake. But he had not waited for an invitation. He shifted, however, and grimaced. "This is hardly ideal. Perhaps we should go to—" "Mr Livingston, I do not wish to sound unkind, but without a proper chaperone I fear I cannot sit here with you." "There are plenty of people around." He leaned forward, reaching out. "And we know each other like old friends already." She snatched her hand away just as he would have touched the tips of her fingers and scrambled to her feet. "I must return to my sister now. She and the Colonel are expecting me." Mr Livingston stared up into her face. "Don't you wish to speak with me, Elizabeth?" Her jaw nearly dropped. "Are we on a first name basis, sir?" He blushed. "Oh. . .well," he stammered. "Forgive me. I forget myself sometimes. I feel we know each other so well." She closed her eyes a moment. His words were a battering ram. He was all but telling her that he was the man who had been writing her for a year. "You may feel that we know each other, but I cannot return those sentiments." Opening her eyes, she looked down at him. Nothing about his person stirred her, heart, mind or body. In fact, the only emotion he sparked was unease. What a disappointment. And she did not know who to be disappointed with more. Him, or herself. He could not help being who he was, and she could not help that she had secretly hoped the rich, deep, mature mind with flashes of poetry belonged to a man of years and gravity and experience. Not a clerk. And what is wrong with a man who is kind, approves of a well-read wife, and can support a small family in a modest home? she asked herself. Though her inheritance from her mother was next to nothing. . .for a clerk and his wife, if they lived frugally, it was more than nothing. You are as proud as you once thought Mr Darcy. But no, it was not that, the other part of her mind insisted. She would wed a poor man if she could love and esteem him. If she felt safety within his embrace. With Mr Livingston. . .he looked to her with such clear admiration and hope that she rather felt like he might think of a wife as a replacement for his mother. There were truly some fates worse than becoming a governess. But still, he had been courteous, flattering even, and there was no reason for her to be unkind. "I am disappointed," he said, lowering his eyes as some strong emotion flashed through them. "You are not the first gentle lady to feel an offer from me would be beneath her." "An offer? Sir. . .we are hardly even acquainted. I am certain I do not know what you mean." And yet it made awkward sense. She was coward enough to hide behind a play at innocent bafflement. He stood, a bit ungainly, but stiff and proud once he found his feet. "Of course not. My apologies, I have spoken far too soon. I must learn to learn from my mistakes. Please enjoy your afternoon. When we speak again, I will be in a better position to make you hear me." Mr Livingston bowed, and Elizabeth felt relief, but mingled with that was the beginning of a kind of dread. She had never before been pursued by a man once she had made it very clear his courtship was unwelcome. Her heart sank as she considered she might have to involve the colonel. . .but any hint of scandal could tarnish Lydia's chance to secure an offer from Mr Avery. Mr Livingston sent a letter the following day, expressing his admiration of her accomplishments and person and his disappointment they had not deepened their conversation yesterday. She replied, thanking him for his interview and explained that since she was going into service, she must now focus on the future that lay ahead of her, and best wishes. She considered, after the second letter from him, sending an inquiry to the agency despite his insistence during their first meeting that she route correspondence through him, and then did so. Elizabeth did not know what had delayed her writing the agency and bypassing Mr Livingston other than her own embarrassment over his possible identity as her correspondent. She certainly was not the kind of woman to obey a man simply because he gave her a directive, especially a man to whom she owed nothing. The less interaction with him, the better. It was an awkward position to be in. . .and perhaps proof that her character was not so well developed as she thought. Should she give him a chance? After all, their connection via letter had been true. It did not sit well with her that perhaps her heart was fickle and shallow. . .and she should not judge the spark between them by her reluctant attraction to Darcy. No man could hope to compete with Mr Darcy. And she would never fool herself into dreaming that her letter writer was a man of such intellect and station in life. A man with a dry, subtle wit and a familiar exasperation born of love. When Mr Livingston sent a bouquet of wildflowers, Elizabeth knew she had been far too encouraging in her refusals. The colonel glanced at her over tea, one of the rare occasions he took it at home rather than a working tea. Perhaps she should engage herself to a soldier, a man skilled at intimidation and fisticuffs. "So, you have a suitor," he rumbled. Lydia opened her mouth, then closed it when she looked up and saw their host was speaking to Elizabeth. "Lizzy?" She blinked in astonishment. "A suitor? But she is so old." Lydia knew very well Elizabeth was not old; it was simply Lydia's favourite tease. No one ever called Jane old. Who could, when staring in the face of her beauty? "I have no suitor," was Elizabeth's serene, if short, reply. He grunted. "If he is no suitor, this man who sends you letters upon heaps of letters and flowers—and it will be chocolates and sonnets next—then he is a nuisance." She picked at her eggs. "I rather agree with you." Lydia sniffed. "If he is only half again your age and has any kind of money, you cannot afford to be so picky." Elizabeth set her fork down and gave Lydia her most baleful look. This was not the kind of conversation they should have in front of their hosts. "Ah, the plain speaking of youth," Mrs Forster said with a sigh. "There is plain speaking, and then there is Lydia." Elizabeth did not bother to soften her chill tone. "But really, Lizzy, who is he? If you have a suitor, then you should certainly consider your options." "That is quite enough, dear," Mrs Forster said in a firm voice. "Elizabeth is a sensible girl, and she knows her mind, and her circumstances. If she has refused a gentleman, then we must accept there is a very good reason why." She glanced at Elizabeth. "May I stand in the stead of your own dear mother in this instance, my dear?" Elizabeth nodded, reflecting briefly on the irony that in this case, her own dear mother would agree wholeheartedly with Lydia. "I know we ladies are loath to hurt a gentleman's feelings, but sometimes a strong refusal is required." Elizabeth scowled, then smoothed her expression. "I wonder at the silliness of women gone before who gave gentlemen the idea that when a lady tells him no, it merely means to try harder." Mrs Forster laughed, and the colonel snorted. "You let me know if you need me, Lizzy girl," he said with a rare warmth of affection in his voice. "I'll set any bloke to rights who won't take a lady's no for an answer." She smiled at him. "I do not think it will come to that, but if it does, I will surely call upon you." Elizabeth had not thought to need to call upon the colonel so soon, but the next morning a maid summoned her to the drawing room. Mrs Forster turned as Elizabeth entered. A man in brown stood, his hat in his hands. "Elizabeth, dear, you have a caller," she said with a reserved expression. "I shall arrange for tea." Mrs Forster stepped out, closing the door behind her. "Mr Livingston, I am surprised to see you," Elizabeth said, not moving. "You did not reply to my note," he said softly. He remained standing, hands clasped in front of him. He wore the same brown suit, staring at her with the same earnest eyes. She would think herself foolish but. . .Elizabeth was not a woman to mistrust her own instincts. She did not like Mr Livingston, though she could not quite elucidate why. All her soul searching regarding giving him a chance to court her had drawn her along to that admission. Not only could she never love him, but she did not want to even try. Something about his personality she could not quite determine. But she certainly could not say so to his face. "Please forgive my lack of timeliness. Some matters came up which I had to address, but now that you are here, we may speak briefly." He glanced around. "This is a pleasant room, but I prefer the sunshine. Would you like to take tea at the coffee house?" "Thank you, but no." Something passed over his face, a brief shadow of disappointment. She did not care. "I will write to the agency and let them know the post that was offered is not suitable, at this time. I would prefer to wait on something closer to my home." He frowned. "Miss Elizabeth, there is no need to write to the agency, I am here on their behalf and you may conduct these matters through me." "I was under the impression that you would only be in Brighton a few days, Mr Livingston. I would not want to delay your departure." "Oh, you are not." He beamed. "Though you are kind to concern yourself." His brow creased in concern again. Did he possess more than two expressions, concerned and beaming, she would be surprised. "But I would caution you to accept the post offered," he continued. "We have several applicants on our roster, and I put in a word for you, myself, stressing your suitability for the post and qualifications." Elizabeth felt her face freeze, even as her back stiffened. "Please—do not exert yourself on my behalf. In fact, I would prefer you do not." The smile fell from his face, replaced by a kind of stiff, nearly expressionless mask. Ants crawled up and down her spine. She could not cut him from her life fast enough. Even now a letter sat unopened on her desk. She had debated unsealing it, reading the lines. If, on the one hand, she was right and Mr Livingston was her correspondent, then she could not possibly reply. She would have to come to terms with her ache of loneliness. Elizabeth had not realised how much her exchange of words over the last year with 'Mr Shore' had soothed and filled her soul. But perhaps she was wrong, and this man had nothing to do with her correspondent. If that be the case, why had he insisted he felt like knew each other well? "I had hoped my efforts would please you," he said. "Mr Livingston, while I appreciate the excellent work you do on behalf of your agency, it is really not necessary to put yourself out on my account. I will await a position closer to my home. I do so hate to rush, but I have an appointment this afternoon. . ." "Of course." He bowed. "May we speak on this matter again soon? Perhaps this—" "I will be otherwise engaged escorting my sister about town. My apologies, Mr Livingston, but when I came to Brighton, it was with an already planned and thoroughly packed schedule. You understand one's duty to family, of course." A flicker of expression in his eyes, and then he said softly, "Of course."
