Hi All Thanks so those who commented on my standalone chapter! It was my first attempt at fanfiction and the comments and messages were so sweet I have decided to turn the chapter into several to create a short story! Please find chapter 1 below, I shall remove the stand alone chapter and edit following comments and repost once I get the next couple of chapters together! Thanks Yas A Most Convenient Marriage: Chapter 1 Anne stood in front of the cheval mirror as Hennie tugged firmly on the stiff fabric. "Hennie please," Anne exclaimed as she took hold of the mirrors frame to stop herself from falling. "You are pulling me so hard I shall faint," she laughed bracing herself as the girl continued her assault on the garment. "Tis the dress Miss," said the young maid, "I don't know why it will not sit right, I am sure something amiss has happened with those washerwoman." The girl made one more attempt to pull the puckering fabric down over the curve of Anne's hips. The dresses fabric, stiff and unyielding, simply gathered in a most unsightly fashion above the waist, refusing to move. "Hennie," soothed Anne, looking up at the young lass who towered above her. "There is nothing wrong with the dress," Anne studied her reflection. The dress was at least two sizes too small. It was not that Anne felt herself to have increased in an unbecoming manner, on the contrary, after her period of poor health, the reflection gave Anne much reassurance. "I am afraid it is me who is wrong," laughed Anne in an attempt to reassure the young girl. "The dress simply no longer fits." "But Miss, Lady Catherine gave specific instructions that you are to wear this dress, her ladyship picked it out special, she was most insistent no other dress would do." "I have not worn this dress in over three years," exclaimed Anne looking down at the offending item. The dress, a heavy woollen, dark grey item with deep blue lace work on the collar and sleeves, was as unbecoming now as it had been when Anne last wore it. "Hennie," Anne asked softly, "where are all my most recent dresses? Where are all the new dresses brought back with me on my return to Rosings? I do believe not all my trunks have not been brought to my rooms and unpacked. It would appear a great deal of items are simply missing from my wardrobe." The young maid lowered her eyes to the floor, "Hennie," Anne asked again more firmly, "where are all my things?" "Her Ladyship requested the trunks be taken to her chambers Miss." "I see," replied Anne coldly. The assumption that after her arrival, three days ago, all her possessions would simply be unpacked in her dressing room was grossly naïve on her part. Anne should have known her mother would interfere. "Please Miss do not think badly of me," the maid pleaded, her cheeks flushing. "Her Ladyship had the butler take possession of the trunks as soon as the footmen brought them inside from the coach, she gave me only one trunk to unpack, for it were mostly books and the like." "Calm yourself child," Anne said trying to stop the girl before tears began to fall. "I am not displeased with you, please do not fret. I shall discuss the matter with mother directly." "Perhaps I could try and alter the dress before you are needed to join her Ladyship..." "No," interrupted Anne, "that will not be necessary. Hennie you may leave, I can finish the last few items of my toilette on my own." With a quick nod of the head the girl backed towards the door, gave a quick curtsey and darted from the room. Poor lass thought Anne, her mother was not someone you wished to disappoint. Anne let out a slow, steady sigh. So it began. She had been home for three days and her mother had already shown her hand. "I do not think I can do this," Anne spoke to her paling reflection. The dress dug uncomfortably into her sides. She moved to sit at her vanity but as she lowered herself to the seat the fabric pulled across her arms and chest so unforgivingly she feared she would burst the seams. She rose again slowly and stood as still as she could. Heat rose to her face and her eyes began to tear. Do not do this, she willed herself, do not let emotions get the best of you. She looked back into the face of her reflection, her eyes clouded over. Had we not got over this she asked herself. The mirror image stared back at her with a vacant expression. How could she be back here? She had been home only three days. She would not let tears threaten all her good work of the last three years. She could not let that happen, she would not be so affected ever again. She looked again to the mirror. Closing her eyes against the ashen faced woman looking straight back at her, she scolded herself for this momentary lapse of weakness. "You are better than this," she said aloud, "what would Aunt Tilly say if she could see you now?" A more sobering thought entered her head. "What would Edward think if he could see you for what you truly are?" she asked the girl in the mirror. She thought of the last time she had felt so helpless and weak. It had been in this very room. She had spent so much of her time hiding away, feeling sorry for her own misfortune, feeling entirely inadequate. She recalled the weeks spent confined in bed, shying away from all company, not wishing for anyone to see her in such a pathetic state. However she was not the girl she had once been. She was no longer the sickly, painfully shy girl who did not speak her mind. Why the last three years had been proof she was so much more than that. Three loud consecutive knocks echoed round the room. Anne glanced at the door a slight panicked feeling tightening in her chest. Before Anne could even fathom a response the door swung wide, her mother filling the entryway. "Anne where have you been, the Collins and their young cousin have been here this last half hour. I mean really Anne, I must insist on the importance of punctuality, it is very unbecoming for a young lady to have such a blatant disdain for time keeping. It would appear your aunt neglected her duties immeasurably during her overseeing of your..." Her voice trailed off as she took in Anne's appearance. "Pray child," exclaimed Lady Catherine, "What in heavens name have you done to your dress!" "Mother I can only apologise for my lack of time keeping and was not aware we were receiving guests. As you can see I have had an issue while dressing." Anne glanced down towards her waist, "it would appear this particular dress no longer fits. As I recall it was measured and made during my period of poor health, I am afraid at that time my waist was indeed much neater than we find it now. Lady Catherine scowled at her daughter, "Yes it would appear your appetite came back with much gusto while you were away, perhaps it would serve you well to be more observant in your overly indulgent nature now you are home." Anne bite her lip, as heat rose to her cheeks. She felt the familiar tightening in her chest and worry in her stomach. Turning her face away from her mother's scorching look, Anne caught her reflection in the looking glass once more. Where once her eyes had been sunken, her cheeks hollow, her skin grey and waxen; the reflection looking back was much softer in appearance with full cheeks and creamy fresh complexion. Her figure she could not deny had altered. Her hips had widened, her body softened and she had filled out eradicating all the harsh bony protrusions that had developed over the two years she had been unwell. She no longer looked small and childlike. She was very aware of her mother's attitude towards how a woman of high society should look in appearance; delicate, petite, fragile even. Although exceedingly petite in terms of height, Anne could no longer be described as waif like. She had come out the other side of her most trying years and she was in her opinion, all the better for it. If only she could explain all this to her mother. "I will send Mary to you at once, she is an expert with a needle. I shall make your excuses with the Collins's and will expect to see you for dinner. Her mother turned, walking towards the door. "Mother," called Anne, bracing herself. Taking a deep breath she continued, "Where are all my trunks from my return from my Aunts? I had many new additions to my wardrobe while away. I would much rather wear one of my new dresses rather than..." "You dare to assume that under my roof I would allow you to wear such items as you deemed fit to bring home," her mother retorted. "You would be the gossip of every servant." "What can you mean," Anne asked her temper rising. "Mother I can assure you there is nothing untoward or improper within my wardrobe. Why my aunt took a great deal of time and care helping me expand my wardrobe. I promise you everything is entirely appropriate for a woman of my situation and in keeping with the latest London fashions." Lady Catherine raised her hand, a gesture Anne knew only too well, she stopped talking and nervously chewed her bottom lip. "My dear Anne", her mother began, although there was no hint of tenderness in her use of the endearment. "You have always worn what I have chosen for you, after all I am the one who deals with the dressmaker and I am the one who has an eye for matters such as these. No matter, Mary will soon see this right, we can review your other dresses tomorrow and adjust as appropriate to avoid another situation such as this." "Mother with all due respect, I do not wish to wear these old dresses. I wish to have my own clothes and insist you return my trunks to me this instance." Anne head her chin high to meet her mother's steely gaze. Her spine tingled and her palms began to sweat. Her mother eyed her coldly. "It would appear my dear Anne, you are still over tired from the long journey to Rosings. Perhaps it would be best for you remain in your suite for the rest of the evening or until you are of a more pleasing disposition?" Her mother strode towards the door. As Lady Catherine's hand reached for the handle, Anne attempted one more appeal. "Mother, do you not think a woman who shall likely very soon be much out in public; the object of much attention; a woman of sizeable fortune, wished to be held in the highest of regard; should not that woman be seen as the epitome of current society fashions?" Her aunt's words of encouragement echoed in her head, giving her much needed inner strength to continue. "I do believe a woman such as that, one who not only fulfils her duties with the utmost decorum but also can be seen as the arbiter of good taste, well that woman would indeed deserve such a prize as to be the mistress of two large ancestral homes finally united." Anne held her nerve, "I do believe men are just as aware of the latest trends and fashions as those of the fairer sex, no man wants a silly wife." She watched as her mother's hand continued to hover over the door handle. A promise is a promise thought Anne hoping to have piqued her mother's interest. Her mother turned slowly to look at her. Instead of lowering her eyes and shrinking under her mother's critical stare, Anne kept her chin high and gaze steady. She would not allow her mother to see weakness, although the contents of her stomach gave her much unease. Her mother stood a moment, her mouth twisting as she contemplated her next retort. "Perhaps I under estimated your understanding in such matters,' her mother continued to meet her gaze. "I will have Hennie collect your trunks and unpack your wardrobe shortly. On reflection you may choose a dress of your own liking and join me and our guests for tea in the green room." Anne sighed softly, the dread in her stomach easing. "Thank you mother." "However," Lady Catherine interjected, "I shall review your wardrobe once unpacked and we shall visit the modest in order to add items which I deem appropriate for the future mistress of Rosings Park." With that her mother left. Anne exhaled slowly, had she just bested her mother? She wiped her cold sweaty palms down the front of her hideous dress. Her aunt had been right. In order to conquer the beast you had to play by its rules. Anne felt mentally exhausted but also rather giddy, perhaps this would mark a change in the dynamics of her and her mother's relationship. Perhaps her mother would start to see her as mistress of her own mind. She knew she had touched on the one area her mother would find difficult to resist. The one outcome her Mother desired most of all; to see the wealth of Rosings Park and the great estate of Pemberley finally united. Anne was unsure how long she stood contemplating what had just occurred between herself and her mother. Deep in thought she chewed her bottom lip as she looked out of the window over the lawns and clipped shrubberies. She twisted her hands together anxiously as she analysed every aspect of their exchange. The door opened but Anne, so deep in thought, paid little attention, as her maid and several other members of the household staff placed Anne's trunks in the centre of the room. "Begging your pardon Miss," Hennie began trying to gain Anne's attention, "do you wish me to start unpacking this very moment?" Anne turned from the window and looked from the trunks to Hennie. She smiled at the maid. "Hennie I do believe I am exceedingly late for tea with mother and her guests. Perhaps if you would help me change firstly, then you may concentrate on unpacking my wardrobe thereafter?" "Of course Miss," said the maid as she began to open the trunk next to her. Lifting the lid, she looked down and carefully lifted out the top item, an evening dress in deep emerald velvet. "Oh, Miss it is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen," said the maid her eyes wide as she caressed the soft fabric. Anne laughed pleased at the maid's reaction. "Yes my Aunt has a keen eye when it comes to finalising dresses and is a great advocate that woman of a certain age should not shy away from bold colours. However, as beautiful as this dress may be, it is not suitable for tea in the green room with mother," Anne teased as she took the dress from the still awe struck young girl. "Hennie will you please help me find a day dress in pale yellow, I think it may be in the trunk with the blue buckle." As Hennie began to explore the contents of the mentioned trunk, Anne ran her hand over the emerald green dress now lying on the bed. She had worn the dress but a fortnight ago. Her aunt had thrown a small ball in advance of Anne's departure back to Kent. It had been an evening filled with friends and much laughter. She felt a hollowness in her stomach as she thought of those happy friends she had left back in Fife. She thought of Edward and their last exchange, would he ever forgive her? "Is this the one Miss," asked Hennie as she held up a pale yellow dress, the colour of English Primrose, and matching white lace gloves covered with small embroidered yellow roses. "Yes that is the very one," Anne smiled, "I think that will do very nicely. Now quickly help me out of this awful thing and into the yellow. Also I wish to wear my hair in a different style, I shall try and explain what I desire as we dress." Several minutes later Anne sat at the vanity, the yellow dress adding a golden flush to her otherwise pale complexion. Hennie began to undo the severe chignon she had styled Anne's hair in earlier, at the request of her Ladyship. After retrieving the curling tongs from Anne's trunk, Hennie was now in the process of using the heated rod to add curls around Anne's face. Anne guided the young maid, giving her simple instructions which resulted in a low loose chignon to the base of Anne's neck with her soft chestnut brown curls framing her face. "Oh, Miss you are the most elegant thing I have ever seen," Hennie exclaimed handing Anne the delicate lace gloves. "Thank you Hennie, but you greatly exaggerate," laughed Anne as she pulled her gloves on. "Though it is indeed a great improvement on my earlier choice of dress. Could you please continue to unpack my things, for I really must go down to mother." Anne descended the stairs and headed towards the green room. As she drew closer, she hesitated and stopped. She felt the familiar sense of unease wash over her. She had never enjoyed meeting new people. Being in company she did not know always exasperated her nervous disposition. Taking a moment, she breathed deeply in and out to steady herself. She placed her gloved hand over the door handle and before she could over think the situation any further entered into the room. Her mother's pale blue eyes were on her in an instant, scrutinizing her appearance from revised hair down to her kid slippers. To Anne's great surprise her mother simply smiled, giving Anne a small nod of approval. Her mother turned to address her guests. "Mr Collins may I present my daughter Miss Anne de Bourgh." "Miss de Bourgh," the slight gentleman, dressed in the style of a Clergyman, bowed so low his nose almost brushed the carpet underfoot. "May I take this moment to bestow my most heart felt of best wishes to you and your superior Mother on your long awaited return to Rosings. I flatter myself for I am sure no such vision of femininity has ever graced such a home as deserving as Rosings Park. Why your return to the grandeur of Rosings must be such a relief after the wilds of Scotland. Pray your absence from home can only be described as a travesty, for it has deprived the British court of its brightest ornament." "Mr Collins," her mother interrupted firmly, "that will do. Anne my dear, may I introduce Mrs Collins and their young cousin, Miss Elizabeth Bennett visiting from Hertfordshire." Anne gave a small cutesy in the direction of the two woman, catching the eye of the youngest lady, Anne smiled warmly. So this, thought Elizabeth, was the famous Miss Anne de Bourgh.
Darcy looked out of the carriage window as the sights of London faded. His face sombre, he watched as the elegant town houses and tree lined streets of Mayfair gave way to densely packed built areas with busy street vendors, before slowly opening up to unobstructed fields and dark green hedgerows. Although facing out the window, Darcy paid little attention to the changing scenery before him. With his forehead resting against the cool quarter light he simply stared blankly, deep in thought. If his carriage companion had not fallen asleep shortly after the carriage pulled away from his residence at Grosvenor Street, he may have noticed Darcy's troubled countenance. For once Darcy was glad his cousin had spent a late night at his club. His inactive companion gave Darcy ample time alone with his thoughts in preparation for what he assumed to be the most trying of visits. His head ached; he could not fathom why. Perhaps it had something to do with the sustained period of interrupted sleep he had been experiencing this last sennight, following the arrival of the letter. He closed his eyes momentarily to rub a gloved hand against his tightening temple. Where he should have briefly been soothed by the dark, Darcy's mind interrupted his attempt at composure by plaguing him with images of fine eyes in the face of a very pretty woman. An exceedingly diverting, intelligent, handsome woman. But it was those dark eyes... Enough, he thought, shaking his head slightly until the vision of Elizabeth Bennet blurred and he found himself opposite his inert cousin once more. In his overcoat pocket he fingered the offending letter absentmindedly as he considered what indeed he should do. Three years was a long time. He took the letter from his pocket and, glancing at the sleeping Richard, unfolded the correspondence. The letter consisted of a short note in his aunts impeccable handwriting expressing her most earnest anticipation of receiving her favourite nephew for his yearly visit during Easter. A visit, she hoped, that would bring much long-awaited joy to all parties. In an abrupt flourish all her own, his aunt closed the correspondence with one final remark; Anne has returned duty bound to Rosings Park. When Darcy had last saw Anne she had been so frail. The sight had caused Darcy much discomfort for he was deeply fond of his young cousin. He thought of their last conversation, she had not been so frail of mind however; on the contrary she had been quite the opposite. At the time he had felt quite wounded, although she had simply voiced what he himself did not have the courage to say. Next he knew she had left Rosings for Scotland to visit with her aunt the Dowager Countess of Elgin. For Anne to leave Rosings, all on her own, was exceedingly out of character. That Anne should then stay away for so long, well Darcy had no idea what to conclude from that. In truth he had no idea what to think at present. He had always prided himself on his rational mind and steady character. How could such a short encounter with a creature of the opposite sex cause him such confusion. The introduction of Anne and his aunt's less than subtle reminder of family expectations, only added to his already perturbed mind; and it was not a welcome addition. The Colonel continued to doze, his head nodding to the rhythm of the carriage, utterly oblivious to Darcy's inner torment. Darcy focused his attention on his cousin in an attempt to control his troubling train of thought. The last few years had truly taken its toll on his good-natured cousin. From the safety offered by his sleeping state Darcy studied his cousin's appearance. There was a deep crease to his forehead, which made him seem much older than his age of one and thirty. His frame, although stocky was still lean; his face, he did note, was thinner than before. Darcy was glad to be in Richards company again. The Colonel was on leave from his regiment and was likely to be so for the remainder of the season. He was glad to have Richard with him this Easter at Rosings, he hoped he would stay with him on their return to London. This thought alone pleased Darcy, he had missed the Colonel greatly. The short visits together these last 5 years had felt always like borrowed time, with Richard always heading off again overseas. Surely it was time he gave up the army and married. How much longer could Richard sustain such a lifestyle? He had proved himself worthy of his title and upheld the Fitzwilliam name with honour. Perhaps they both could marry? He watched as his cousin suddenly scowled in sleep, his body tensing as his mouth twisted unpleasantly. The things you must have seen, Darcy thought as he instinctively reached out and placed a hand over Richards knee. He hoped the action would give Richard some sense of comfort. Instead the sudden contact made the Colonel snap abruptly awake his eyes wide and alert before realising his location and company. "Darcy what on earth, has no one ever told you to leave sleeping men lie," Richard cried. "My apologies old boy, but you seemed to be having an unpleasant dream," Darcy replied, "do you wish to share what burdens you?" Richard looked at Darcy. How easy it would be to discuss what plagued him; however he simply could not. Darcy was more a brother to him than indeed his own brother was, yet this was one topic he did not wish to put forth. "I assure you," Richard laughed rather gingerly, "that whatever you think ails me was long forgot the moment I was so rudely awoken." "Ah, but burdens always become light once shared Richard," Darcy replied raising an eyebrow at his clearly flustered cousin. "It is not like you to seem so uneasy." "Everyman has his own burdens," Richard replied sharply. Seeing the look on Darcy's face, Richard tried to smile. "What counts is how a gentleman carries the strain, for I am under the notion that a burden becomes light when it is cheerfully borne." Darcy smiled at Richards turn of phrase, it was so like him to respond in such a manner, he never could stay serious in conversation for too long. Whatever ailed his cousin he was sure he would share when the moment was right. "Darcy what is the time, how much longer before we reach the Inn? asked Richard, flexing his left leg. "I am afraid these tiresome legs of mine begin to stiffen when I find myself idle for too long." "I was rather thinking we could continue on as it is only another 20 miles of good road. We could be at Rosings by late evening. The guest rooms there I dare say would be a great deal more opulent than the rooms found at the George Inn." "Carry on! Whatever for man," cried Richard. "What on earth would make you consider such a notion. Why would you wish to continue into the night when we can simply stop, have a leisurely meal and enjoy an evening of wine and good company before settling the next fortnight in deepest, darkest Kent. We had much better stop the night, I simply refuse to continue." "Richard, you act like a spoiled child," laughed Darcy at his cousin's unusual outburst. "Where is my happy cousin so easy and agreeable? Surely you do not mind pressing on, I guarantee the brandy will be just as superior as the lodgings," Darcy teased. "Oh, alright fine, conceded Richard crossing his arms over his chest. "But do not expect me to sit up till the wee small hours with Lady Catherine, I need a good night's sleep and a full belly before I can stomach such a fate." Anne sat with a copy of Fordyce's sermons heavy and thick across her lap. The volume had been sought out during the afternoons visit, with Mr Collins taking great pleasure in reciting several passages to his audience of 'such fine ladies'. It had been an afternoon of utter endurance. Anne would not have known how to cope if it had not been for her new acquaintance. Miss Elizabeth Bennet was a charming young woman. Anne liked her very much. She had pleasing sweet manners; but there was a forcefulness, no perhaps an assured sense of self-worth, which Anne could only but admire. She had watched with much enjoyment as the young woman conversed and joisted with her mother. Elizabeth had not been intimidated by her mother's often condescending remarks, or her casual, but indeed entirely calculated, observations on her situation in life. In fact, the young girl had rose to the challenge, deflecting and steering the conversation just as decidedly as her mother. Anne had watched the exchange with great interest, though this was a task made difficult by the constant attentions from the odious Mr Collins. She could not turn her head without the movement becoming a great topic of discussion; "Miss de Bourgh are you quite comfortable; Miss de Bourgh I fear you are plagued by a draught; Miss de Bourgh I fear for your health, pray you are much too close to the fire." It had taken all Anne's strength and self-control not to simply retire and find solace in the quite privacy of her room. After dining with her mother and retiring to her preferred parlour for tea; her mother requested Anne read aloud to her. Her mother desired Anne to reread a particular passage read earlier by Mr Collins. Lady Catherine felt Mr Collins had expressed himself rather poorly and she insisted Anne repeat the passage in a loud and clear manner in order for her ascertain what best advice to give Mr Collins to improve his rather lacking address. "Anne keep your chin high and shoulders back, scolded her mother. "Really Anne, ladies should never slouch, I have always prided myself on maintaining perfect posture and if only you would study my example, you yourself could master such an elegant attribute." "Yes mother," Anne answered, rolling her shoulders back, while sitting as tall and straight as she was able. With her posture corrected, her mother gestured for her to continue with the reading. Her mother nodded in approval listening to the sermon as her eyes slowly began to close. Anne, intent on not losing her place, continued to keep her chin elevated while glancing downwards at the heavy volume across her lap. Several long minutes passed before Anne concluded the passage. Upon glancing towards her mother, Anne was surprised to find her asleep. Anne sat for a moment, unsure what to do with herself. She looked at her mother, safe in the knowledge that she could stare without reproach; her mothers breath's steady, her chest rising and falling slowly as she slept. Her mother had barely changed these last three years. Her hair had lost a little more of its golden hue, with the hair around her face and temples becoming increasingly streaked with white. Her mother had never been a young woman, well never to Anne's knowledge. From what little she knew of her parents' marriage, for it was a subject her mother refused to discuss, Anne had learnt that her birth had been long-awaited. Anne was not sure of the particulars, but her birth had brought Sir Lewis de Bourgh great joy. She knew this was true, for as a child he had expressed his delight to her most often. She found it difficult, recalling the few memories she could still recollect of her father. Her father had been such a contrast to her mother. As a child he had indulged her, it was through him she had developed her great love for riding in her pony and cart, well perhaps racing was the more appropriate term. Her mother was still a striking looking woman, perhaps not a beauty in comparison to her younger sister Anne; but none the less her sharp set jaw, dark blonde hair and pale blue eyes, along with her height, cut an impressive figure. She recalled once during Michaelmas, while visiting at her uncle the Earl of Matlock, he had joked loudly while slapping Sir Lewis on the back that it had been love at first sight. Anne had no knowledge as to whether this was true or simply a passing remark fuelled by after dinner brandy. She could not recall either of her parents showing the other much affection. Losing her father at twelve meant Anne had never had the opportunity to ask the types of questions she would now wish to know the answers to as a young woman of twenty-five. Her mother let out a small moan pulling Anne out of her reverie. She watched her mother sleep for a few more moments. Perhaps staying away for so long had been cruel on her part; leaving her mother to fester here in this huge house. Anne turned her head and looked toward Hughes as he stood by the parlour door. Dear old Hughes, he had not changed these last ten years at least. The butler had been on the house staff of Rosings for as long as anyone could remember. He had been part of Sir Lewis de Bourgh's original household staff long before his bride joined him in his family home. "Hughes," Anne called softly, "could you please have Hennie collect my small leather roll, she will know of what I speak." "Of course Miss," nodded Hughes as he exited the room. Anne as quietly as possible, in order to not rouse her mother, went to the writing desk. In silence she retrieved several sheets of her mother's monogrammed writing paper. Returning to the settee, Anne took up the heavy volume once again, sliding the sheets of paper between the pages out of sight. The door of the room opened and Hughes appeared with the small leather stationary roll. "Thank you, Hughes," smiled Anne, "you do not need to wait in attendance this evening. I shall sit with mother, if we need anything further, I shall call." "As you wish Miss de Bourgh," the old gentleman hesitated a moment before continuing, "may I say Miss, it is such a pleasure to have you back home again, you have been sorely missed." Hughes stood a moment looking at Anne. She gave him a reassuring smile. 'You have grown into quite the young lady, you have so much of your father's looks in you." With that the old butler turned and quietly left the room. Did she look like her father? It was clear she had not inherited the Fitzwilliam golden hair and blue eyes. Nor had she taken after her mother in height. All Anne had to remind herself of her father was a small miniature which she kept in her treasure box. Her mother had the portraits of her father removed from around the house shortly after his death. Anne had never known why, as a child she had never dared to ask. Anne opened the large book of sermons on her knee once more and slid her small travel stationary roll under the volume so it was hidden within her lap. She arranged the paper so it was hidden within the oversized book. She took a graphite pencil from her leather case and began to faintly mark the outline of her mother on the paper. She would never dream of taking the liberty of sketching her mother if she were awake. Her mother disapproved of sketching in general, she found it to be a tedious past time not worthy of her attention. As such she had never encouraged Anne to draw, although Lady Catherine agreed it to be a most advantageous skill when discussing other ladies. Anne had always enjoyed drawing. When she was small her father had encouraged her interest, gifting her charcoals, chalks and different weights of pressed papers. The years following the loss of her father, Anne simply stopped sketching. Her mother would chastise Anne if she found her with her sketchbook on her person. Her mother would scold her for not employing her time in a more fruitful manner. Anne had so desperately wished to please her mother, that she simply stopped any activity her mother showed any notion of disapproval. As a result this left Anne with very little she was allowed to do, apart from keeping her mother company and doing exactly what was demanded of her. She would come to realise, especially during her absence from Rosings, how unjust and wrong this situation had been. Anne did not blame her mother, it was how she was. Anne now realised that it was in fact her mother who had no real talent for art or music and as such did little to encourage these talents in her daughter. Her mother would never allow Anne to excel in something that she herself was not superior. That was her mother's way, she needed to feel superior in all things. While staying with her aunt Anne's lack of preferred pastimes was made painfully clear. When Winter arrived, the weather would not permit any outdoor activities, and the long hours of darkness meant many evenings were confined indoors by the warm glow of the fire. While her cousins drew, played music , or did needlework to pass the time; Anne had simply sat idle. When they suggested games, Anne always felt too embarrassed to participate for she did not know the rules. It had been at her aunt's gentle encouragement that Anne admitted that she used to enjoy sketching. The following evening, paper, charcoal and various grades of graphite were bestowed on Anne. Nervous at first, for she knew her skills to be greatly lacking, she started by drawing simple objects from around the parlour; a small end table, the flowers upon the mantle, her aunt's favourite Labrador as it sat by her aunt's feet. Over time Anne's skill had improved greatly and it wasn't long before she was sketching and painting small studies of her cousins and some close family friends. So while Lady Catherine slept, Anne continued to quietly draw her mother. She was thus engaged when the door of the parlour opened and Hughes entered the room. Anne lifted her head to smile at the old butler only to meet the eyes of her cousin as he entered the room. Anne felt the blood rush to her face, the pounding within her chest; she was sure her heart would stop.
He stood in the doorway, his eyes narrowing as he met her gaze. His breath hitched within his chest as he took in her appearance after so long apart. She looked well. That did not do her justice, she looked exquisite. Her hair fell in loose chestnut brown curls around her rounded face; her fair skin as flawless and fair as it had always been. She wore a dress of pure sunshine, which he could not help noting, she filled in the most pleasing manner. He could not deny, the image before him was most appealing; but she had changed, and this pained him greatly. He had always held Anne as the epitome of a truly gentle soul, kind and the most sensible lady of his aquitance. But that childlike naivety he had once found so refreshing was gone. Her amber eyes were no longer bright with curiosity. Before him sat a woman; not the young girl he recalled so fondly; he was unsure if he still knew her. She had become more refined, patrician in her outward appearance, her countenance also gave little away. He could only hope that behind her non-expressive demeanour, she was still as sweet and unassuming as she had always been. For at that moment; with her chin held high, her eyes wide, enfolded in the finest yellow silk; she looked every inch the richly entitled mistress of Rosings Park. His cravat suddenly felt too tight about his neck and he tugged at it awkwardly. He should not have come. Anne looked between her two cousins, her expression betraying none of her inner unease. It was clear neither of them had any intention of coming beyond the threshold. What had brought them at such a late hour? Her mother had told her they were not due at Rosings for another week. Anne thought she had more time, yet here he was. Finally, it was Darcy who broke the awkward silence. "Anne," he said softly, walking towards her and taking her hand in his, "it has been too long. I would hardly recognise you. You are in good health I assume?" Anne looked up at Darcy, although he did not smile there was a warmth behind his eyes that Anne recognised well. He bent his head and gently kissed the back of her hand. "I am very well," she said slowly closing the volume and placing it on the settee beside her. "I must apologise for I was not expecting your arrival for another week. Whatever possessed you to come now and at such an hour!" Anne was aware his voice was becoming rather shrill. "Your arrival was not expected for another six days." Anne glanced towards her mother, who continued to sleep in her chair. "I am not prepared," she hissed. "I assure you Anne," Darcy said, his expression apologetic, "the visit has always been planned for this next fortnight. I grant you we are a day early, for we should have spent an evening at the old George. Instead it was decided best simply to continue for Rosings. The hour it not so late?" "No indeed, I apologise you are most welcome," replied Anne with a faint smile as she tried to compose her conflicting feelings. Her mother had deceived her. Why she had felt this act necessary, Anne did not know. "As you can see mother is resting, perhaps it would be best if we were to retire for the evening and delay the exchange of pleasantries until the morrow. I do not believe mother would appreciate knowing you had arrived to find her thus." Turning her head away from Darcy she asked Hughes, "are the guest rooms ready?" "Yes Miss," replied Hughes. 'The valences have already been sent to each chamber alongside the gentleman's luggage as per your Mother's earlier request." "Well then," continued Anne, smoothing down her skirt, as a distraction from her building frustration. "Perhaps you both would like to dine in your rooms, I shall have Mrs Allen send trays directly. "I think that the most sensible idea," said Darcy, "I for one would not object to such a scheme, do you suppose Mrs Allen has any of those malted rolls?" Anne laughed, she hadn't had one of Mrs Allen's malted buns in what felt like forever. She promised Darcy that she would pass on the request, but if none were to be had, she would ask for a batch to be made when next convenient. Richard stood by the door watching the increasingly friendly exchange between cousins. Darcy continued to reminisce with Anne over childhood favourite sweet treats from the Rosings kitchen. He thought Darcy looked a damn sight more comfortable than he had in the carriage. Richard was no fool, he had sensed Darcy's earlier unease on their approach to Rosings. It was a topic of discussion Richard did not wish to be party to. "Gentleman if you will excuse me," Anne remarked, "I am afraid I have had a rather long day and wish to retire. Hughes will you please send Mary to attend to mother. I shall see you both tomorrow." "Till tomorrow," said Darcy bowing his head to Anne. She stood, looking up at him. He had forgotten how small she was, though she no longer appeared as young and fragile as he remembered. Smiling at her fondly he said "It is such a pleasure to see you looking well and in good health once again." Anne gave Darcy her first genuine smile of the evening. "It is good to see you again, Fitz." Clutching her stationary roll, Anne moved towards the door, as she drew alongside Richard he gently took hold of her elbow. Dropping his voice to a mere whisper he said quietly, "it was not my wish to carry on and arrive so wholly unexpected." Anne, refusing to meet his gaze, turned her head and left the room. Anne stood outside the breakfast room, listening to the muffled conversation coming from behind the closed door. She felt wretched. She had barely slept and spent much of the night replaying the brief exchange from the previous evening. Why had her mother not told her they were to arrive, what could be gained from keeping such a thing from Anne. There was one aspect of the whole exchange which Anne was indeed thankful for; that she had not allowed her mother to dictate her wardrobe. Although it had not been her intention, she took some satisfaction knowing that for once she looked entirely appropriate. Well done Anne, she congratulated herself as she studied her reflection in her bedroom mirror. The yellow dress was most pleasing and she thanked her subconscious for having Hennie change her hair to a more flattering style. She had then spent the whole evening wondering what he had thought of her. Did he find her much altered? It had been years since their last meeting, and it had not been a pleasant parting of ways. She heard Richard laugh loudly from the other side of the door. Come now, she scolded herself, you can not just stand here all morning. She took a deep breath, preparing herself. Her cousins company did not concern her, she was over her initial surprise at their surprise arrival, it was the anticipation of conversing with them alongside her mother. She opened the door quietly, her mother sat at the end of the table, her hands gesturing towards Darcy as they spoke. "Anne my dear, we were beginning to wonder if all was well, I shall have fresh chocolate brought, I am sure the standing pot will be cold." Lady Catherine motioned towards one of the serving girls, then continued, "What a delightful surprise this morning to find my nephew's had arrived during the night. What dedication it shows, that so keen were they to arrive at Rosings, that they travelled all through the night." "I assure you aunt," Darcy replied, "it was not all night, we reached Rosings in very good time." Anne busied herself at the side table, taking a plate of eggs, cold ham and muffins. She sat at the table to break her fast just as a cup of steaming hot chocolate was poured for her. "Really Anne" her mother's disapproving tone rang out loudly as she eyed the plate of food before Anne. "Neither wonder we found ourselves in such an unfortunate situation yesterday." Anne's cheeks burned in embarrassment at her mother's reference to yesterday's too tight dress. She looked down at her plate. It was in no way excessive, she knew this, yet her mother's ridiculous expectations on her made her scold herself for being so utterly thoughtless as she had filled her plate. She dared not look up, she did not wish to see her cousins expressions. She could never please her mother. Richard let out a load booming laugh. "Come now aunt," he called, trying to deflect Lady Catherine's attention. "Who can blame anyone for indulging when one is presented with one of the finest tables in England. I do declare I shall leave a fortnight hence rotund and happy." He stood, pushed his chair back with much flourish, and headed back to the side table once more. He began to fill his plate again with much enthusiasm, he turned to look in the direction of his audience flashing boyish grin. "Do they not feed you in the army,' laughed Darcy leaning back in his chair and giving Anne a small smile. "Though I am in complete agreement. The table at Rosings is always vastly superior. Is Mrs Allen still with you aunt?" He knows very well that she is, thought Anne, they had discussed her malt buns and custard tarts the previous evening. While both cousins began praising Lady Catherine for her excellent choice of table, Anne suddenly felt a wave of relief wash over her. As children the boys had always shown great skill at playing to her mother's ego. If there was one thing her mother loved, it was praise. Richard had always been Anne's saviour; as children he had his aunt wrapped around his little finger. He could do no wrong in her mother's eyes. Richards only flaw in life, her mother often repeated to anyone who would listen, was his being her brothers second son. The conversation around Anne became more lively as the men began to argue over the best form of entertainment to be had for the rest of the afternoon. It appeared Richard seemed keen on fishing, where Darcy disagreed as felt they had let the best part of the day pass for such a pursuit. Her mother suggested various other activities, though neither gentleman seemed inclined to agree of a preferred option. "I have a suggestion," replied Anne. Her mother turned to face her as Darcy arched his eye brow in curiosity. "What if we were to ride towards the woods of Higham, we could come back along the top road which would offer the best view across the valley. It is such a beautiful day, it would be a shame to waste any more of it indoors." "When did you ever ride?" Richard asked the crease in his forehead deepening. "From what I recall you never were very comfortable in a saddle. That foolish cart of your yes, but comfortable on the back of a horse I think not!" "I will have you know, Colonel," Anne teased in reply, "I am very comfortable in a great many things." Leaving Richard to take what he would from that remark, Anne, beaming at Darcy, left the room to change into her riding habit.
The dappled morning sunlight shimmered across the water's surface as Anne sketched the scene before her. In the shelter of the overgrown pavilion, Anne glanced again towards the eastern bank. The overgrown pavilion was Anne's favourite retreat within the vast grounds of Rosings Park. Her grandfather had the lake designed and constructed, with her father making small improvements during his lifetime; the lakeside pavilion being one of them. Her father had loved this spot, it was here under the creeping honeysuckle he had proposed to her mother. Anne took in the sun faded timber and overgrown shrubs which creeped and weaved their way around the wooden frame; smothering it in darkness, hidden, almost forgotten. This had once been such a happy place, now it was a painful reminder of a life once lived at Rosings. Looking over the lake once more, Anne studied her cousin, pencil in hand. Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam were deep in conversation, both content in their morning activity of fly fishing. Anne had never seen Darcy so at ease, his face so expressive; she could barely capture his likeness for it seemed too alive to be imitated. He really did seem to be enjoying his visit to Rosings this year. Anne smiled at the thought. She could not recall seeing Darcy so relaxed and easy in the company of others. Why he had even conversed openly and freely with all present at dinner the previous evening. He could have been considered the most charming dinner companion, however that role was already filled by the Colonel. It filled Anne's heart with a sense of warmth knowing that Darcy felt so happy and at ease to express his true self. It was almost like it had been when they were children. When the three of them played together enjoying bright spring afternoons and long summer days. But those days were in the past. Long gone were those happy, laughter filled days, running around together all over Rosings Park and the grounds of Pemberley. Now family honour, responsibility and duty became the everyday mantra's which ruled every decision, every action, every moment of their adult lives. Anne let out a sigh and looked at the sketch in front of her. She had captured Darcy's image well, even the recent softness in all his looks, which only added to the handsomeness of his strong features. She ran her finger lightly over the pencil outlines of Colonel Fitzwilliam. She hadn't been able to capture him in detail, thus far she had spent too long sketching Darcy. She looked across the lake taking in his easy manner and ready smile. Normally he was such a contrast to Darcy, but today both looked as full of merriment as the other. Anne squinted her eyes against the sun and tried to focus on the Colonels face. He was nowhere near as handsome in features as Darcy. His hair reminded her of a favourite pony she had been given by her father as a young girl, his mane the colour of autumn hay bales. From his hair her eyes moved lower taking in his tanned skin and the deep creases across his forehead, resulting from too much time outdoors. His eyes couldn't be more different to Darcy's, a pale blue, no grey, the colour of storm clouds but with none of their promised anger. His nose was rather crooked due to an altercation while overseas on the continent fighting with his regiment. He never hid from battle, always to be found alongside his men. Anne admired this strength of character in him most of all, his complete respect for the men who served him. He often spoke with such warmth of the soldiers within his regiment, he knew them all; their home towns, their families, the loved ones left waiting for their return. He truly was the most agreeable man in all of England, Anne was certain of it. If only Anne would stop holding him in such high regard. Anne continued to watch him as his smile widened, his arms becoming a flurry of movement as a fish fought and twisted on his line. The laughter and mirth of her two cousins carried across the water to where Anne sat hidden from view. Anne laid down her pencil and let out a long sigh. Rubbing her temples, she uttered "It is impossible." "I hope I am not intruding Miss de Bourgh," came a voice somewhere behind Anne's left shoulder. Anne instinctively jumped in her seat, quickly closing the cover of her sketchbook. She turned her head and met the dark inquisitive gaze of Miss Elizabeth Bennet. "Oh, Miss Bennet," Anne exhaled, her shoulders visibly relaxing as she placed her shawl on top of her sketchbook, "I am sorry I did not hear you approach." "I hope I am not intruding on your peaceful solitude?" Elizabeth replied glancing towards the large leather-bound sketchbook. "You have found me out Miss Bennet," Anne smiled, "I have been indulging in one of my favourite hobbies, however I am embarrassed to say my skills are greatly lacking. I sketch purely for my own enjoyment. How are you enjoying your stay with the Collins's?" Anne asked, "Mrs Collins is such a kind hearted soul, I believe you must feel her lose from Longbourn society greatly?" Elizabeth bit her cheek to check her response, was Miss de Bourgh implying that there could not be anyone else worth knowing back in Hertfordshire? Or was she merely commenting on the lose one feels when losing the intimacy of such a long-standing friendship. The look on Miss de Bourgh's face did not imply anything calculating, perhaps Elizabeth should give her the benefit of doubt, for she was not her mother. Indeed, Elizabeth had been quite surprised upon meeting Miss de Bourgh when she stopped by the parsonage in her elaborate pony cart to call on Charlotte. She thought of Wickham's previous observations. So this was Darcy's intended bride, the future mistress of Pemberley. Elizabeth had been prepared to find Miss de Bourgh ill tempered, sullen and sickly in appearance from the passing information she had received from Wickham and Mr Collins. How wrong they had been and how false their description appeared when presented with the reality. Elizabeth found Miss de Bourgh to be sweet tempered, though slightly timid. She appeared bright and interested in many topics of discussion. Although rather small in stature, she was not so delicate in figure. It seemed Miss de Bourgh had matured into quite the young lady, with soft hazel eyes and a pale almost iridescent complexion. Elizabeth wondered if it was this complexion, devoid of all colouring, that could be misconstrued as a sickly continence. Elizabeth looked at the genteel woman opposite her, indeed she would make him a proper wife. For the mother however, Wickham's description had been very apt indeed. During one of their private moments; Wickham had given his opinion on Lady Catherine de Bourgh quite decidedly. He remarked that she had "the reputation of being remarkably sensible and clever; but I rather believe she derives part of her abilities from her rank and fortune, part from her authoritative manner..." How true he had been in his observations, thought Elizabeth, for she had never met such a condescending, unpleasant woman in all her life. No wonder the daughter was a timid creature if her life was spent in the shadow of Lady Catherine. "It is lovely to see Charlotte settled and in such beautiful surroundings," replied Lizzy gesturing her arms at the beautiful grounds around them. 'I believe I shall not wish to leave Rosings when the time arrives, how wonderful it must be to call this place home." "I am glad you find the grounds here so pleasing Miss Bennet," Anne smiled as she stood gathering her shawl and sketchbook, tucking the latter firmly under her arm. "I was almost ready to head back to the house to take tea; may I be so bold to ask you to join me?" Elizabeth agreed and the two began the short walk along the woodland path, through the rose gardens and past her mother's vast clipped shrubberies. On arrival at Rosings Anne requested tea be brought to the yellow morning room. Once seated, Anne smiled at Elizabeth from her position on the low chaise but made no further attempt to converse with her guest. Elizabeth felt it was time to try and engage the timid Miss de Bourgh in conversation. Elizabeth looked around taking in the beautiful details of the room. The room was decorated in rich gold, with varying shades of pale and deep yellow, the colour of egg yolks. All items of furniture were in dark glossy wood, intricately carved with fabrics in the same deep yellow with gold embroidered detailing. "It must have been wonderful to grow up in such a house such as this," Elizabeth mused admiring the large pair of gilded mirrors which sat either side, framing Miss de Bourgh. "Perhaps in my early youth it was," Anne replied. "This room was a favourite of my fathers, if he was not in his study he could be found here. I am afraid Miss Bennet that a house this size, with no siblings and only one parent for company, especially a parent who does not seek the company of others, well I am sure you can understand..." Anne stopped, her cheeks slightly flushing as she realised her mistake at perhaps revealing too much to her new acquaintance. "Please do not think I am ungrateful; my mother is wonderful company and I am indeed aware of how fortunate I am to call Rosings home." "Miss de Bourgh," Elizabeth interrupted, reaching forward and placing her hand on Anne's arm, "do not fret, I understood your meaning perfectly. I myself have often wished for a quieter home," smiling she continued, "perhaps we always wonder about the situation we do not have, it is simply human nature to be curious." "Please, call me Anne when we are together. You are very fortunate Miss Elizabeth to have so many sisters, I would of dearly loved a sister. It must be such a comfort to your mother to have so many daughters, and you all still at home!" "I was under the impression you have recently been away and not long returned to Rosings? Will you be remaining at Rosings after the Easter period or shall you be heading to London for the little season?" Anne laughed. "I am afraid I will have no say in where I go. May I have your confidence Miss Bennet?" Elizabeth nodded. "I have been away from Rosings these last three years. My father's younger sister, Matilda, married a Scottish Earl taking the title Countess of Elgin, thus she left Kent and didn't return. Apart from very early in my childhood, I had never come into contact with my aunt. The Earl spent much of his political career acting as a foreign ambassador spending much time abroad, they spent a great deal of time in Constantinople. Mother and my aunt, shall we say, have little in common and neither are of the easy disposition to tolerate the others company. A year after my uncles' death I was surprised to receive correspondence from my aunt requesting my company. They have two sons and a daughter, all married, yet she sought comfort from a niece she had barely seen since she was a babe." "And you went?" Elizabeth asked, " All that distance to Scotland to stay with an aunt you did know?" "Yes," laughed Anne, "I must confess it was the best decision I ever made, it was not easy though. Lady Catherine did not approve. However, my aunt is just as forthright as my mother. My aunt arrived at Rosings with but one intention, to take me back with her to their Elgin ancestral seat. There was very little else that could be done, especially when I was happy to go. I managed to convince my mother it would be of benefit to my health and my aunt was rather adamant. I had been rather sickly at this point, confined to the house, rarely even entering the grounds. I do believe my aunts gregarious company and the rolling hills of the rugged Scottish landscape did me much good. "Lady Catherine de Bourgh let you stay away from home for so long, cried Elizabeth. " Was the length of stay always intended to be such a duration?" asked Elizabeth rather astonished at the concept of leaving home for three years. "Mother and I came to an understanding. I have never been out in the world Miss Bennet and my mother rarely leaves Rosings Park. We never attend the London season, although we have a beautiful home on Grosvenor Square. It was agreed the trip could benefit my health and I must admit, for I know I have your confidence, I wished greatly to be away from Rosings. A chance to escape just for a moment seemed an unmeasurable gift." On the arrival of the tea, Anne took a moment to serve Elizabeth, once settled she continued, "I delayed my return many times, I enjoyed my aunt and cousins' company immensely, I had never attended balls and my aunt has a wide and varied acquaintance. After much heated correspondence I promised mother I would return shortly after my twenty-fifth birthday and here I am. I have spent the last three years away from Rosings and it was thrilling. Never have I been my own person, able to make my own decisions, but alas duty brings me home and a promise is a promise." Arching her eyebrow Elizabeth asked, "and what was it that was promised?" But before Anne had the opportunity to reply the door to the morning room flew open and Lady Catherine de Bourgh entered. "Anne where have you been, upon my honour I broke my fast alone this morning, how often have I told you it is not fashionable for a lady of your standing to be awake so early, you are behaving like a common house maid." Lady Catharine exhaled her exasperation and it was only then she became aware of the other ladies presence. "Ahh Miss Elizabeth Bennet I see you suffer from the same wilful affliction as my daughter, rising with the birds and the scullery maids. Anne I shall take tea in the green room, if you will show Miss Bennet the way." As her mother turned to leave Anne spoke out, "But mother I have already ordered tea, please join us, the morning room is so light and the view across the grounds is so pleasing." Lady Catherine turned her head and looked down her sharp nose at Anne. "My dear you would do well to remember your place and to whom you address, if I say I wish to take tea in the green room the matter is not open for discussion. You really have become the most ungrateful...' her voice trailed off as the sound of heavy boots could be heard in the hall. "Is that my nephew?" called her mother, her voice now thickly sweet. "Darcy won't you join us for tea, we are in the yellow room enjoying the mornings fine weather." Her mother swept back into the morning room, her stiff formal gown encircling her, giving her even more stature as she stood blocking Miss Bennet from view of the entryway. Darcy entered the room giving his aunt a curt nod as he strolled across the room towards Anne. He smiled at her as he removed his gloves to take her small gloved hand in his. Smiling warmly, he bent over to bestow a quick chaste kiss to the back of Anne's hand. "May I say cousin you are looking exceedingly bright eyed this fine morning, the gown you are wearing is the most pleasing shade, I do not believe I have seen you in green before." Elizabeth watched as Anne looked into Darcy's eyes with a happy open expression across her face, was she blushing? Darcy was unaware of her presence, his attention focused intently on his pretty cousin. Elizabeth felt an odd ache deep within her stomach, a deep twisting sensation she did not recognise nor wish to understand. "Dear Darcy," Anne laughed unsure how to take such a direct compliment from her typically formidable cousin. She secretly thanked her dear aunt for her advice in the additions to her wardrobe before her return to Rosings. Filled with new found confidence Anne gestured towards Elizabeth, "Will you not join us cousin? Miss Bennet and I were just having a lovely tête-à-tête." Whirling around Darcy's eyes met Elizabeth's, his happy countenance disappeared and a frown etched its way across his forehead. "Miss Bennet," he bowed. "Mr Darcy, Elizabeth replied aghast to find her voice aquiver, "what a pleasure to have you join us."
The next few days passed in a similar manner. The gentleman would breakfast with Anne and her Mother, before heading outdoors to enjoy the early warmth of the spring sunshine. Her cousins spent a great deal of time at the parsonage, calling on the ladies daily. Colonel Fitzwilliam's manners were very much admired, and the ladies all felt that he must add considerably to the pleasures of their engagements at Rosings during his stay. Maria Lucas, Charlotte's younger sister, found herself all a flutter the moment the Colonel appeared on the path from Rosings. Elizabeth believed the shy girl spent a great deal of time simply looking out of the upstairs window in anticipation for his most desired arrival. Although Darcy accompanied Richard often on these visits, there were times when he simply came alone. Being the sort of man who thrived best when in spirited company, Richard had called at the parsonage a great many times. He found Miss Elizabeth Bennet to be the most lively of company, and for him, this offered a great diversion from the troubling sights he witnessed at Rosings. As much as he loved his aunt; for he did indeed have a deep affection for the woman, despite her being as prickly as an ill-tempered general, he could not adhere to her constant and self-indulgent ranting. It would not have been so awful, if not for the topic, which she spoke about at great length and with such enthusiasm. Richard had no desire to hear his aunt's constant remarks about the need for Darcy to marry and secure an heir for Pemberley. Her constant scolding for his still being single and not respecting family duty, to her overly dramatic praise that he would be a fine husband, almost drove Richard to insanity. How could Darcy, or Anne for that matter, bear it. Surely even his aunt could see how ridiculous her behaviour had become. All company knew what the outcome would be, Lady Catherine could hardly be helping the situation occur naturally. Even Richard had to admit, he wished Darcy would hurry and simply set the date. All Richard had to do was wait for the announcement; then he was sure he would feel at liberty to move forward. After a morning spent at the archery targets, Darcy left Richard in order to attend to some correspondence from his steward which required his immediate attention. Richard had watched as Darcy had headed back in the direction of the house, his back straight, his shoulders stiff. Richard truly believed he brought the best out in Fitz. Their close intimacy since children and Richards perpetual outlook to always see the best in every situation, meant Darcy felt at his most comfortable when socialising with his older cousin. Darcy was so much caught up in his own head, it could not be good for any man. Richard could not fathom why Darcy continued to torture himself, it must be so trying always to meet people's expectations, no man was without fault. He knew Fitz had been worried and self critical after the death of his father, but he had done a fine job as master of Pemberly. His standoffish persona and rather haughty demeanour came from a man simply ill adapt when placed in unfamiliar company and unable to share his inner burdens. For a man with so much and every possibility on the horizon, he did not seem at ease in his own skin. Perhaps, Richard thought, Anne would be good for him. Deciding that the hour seemed appropriate to call, Richard headed in the direction of the Parsonage. He enjoyed Elizabeth Bennet's sharp wit and readiness to find amusement in all things. Though a sensible girl, she seemed to take great delight in the absurd and Richard was only too willing to oblige. It so happened on this particular visit to the Collins's, Richard came bearing an invitation to join them at Rosings for dinner that evening. The invitation was met with ready enthusiasm by all three ladies, and embarrassing exuberance from Mr Collins. After bidding everyone farewell; and reminding Miss Elizabeth Bennet that she had promised to play the piano forte for him soon, Richard left the Parsonage. His spirit much lightened by his visit, he decided to take the more scenic walk back to Rosings, through the more ornamental section of the arboretum. Anne sped the little carriage through the rhododendron lined avenues and surrounding specimens of lush hydrangea. Some of the larger trees and shrubs were just beginning to bloom, with sprays of deep pink and white flashing past Anne as she pushed her pretty dappled grey onwards. Her father, keen to make the grounds at Rosings his own, had funded many a plant hunter to bring him back unbeknown plants in order to bring an element of the exotic to his grounds at Kent. Anne took her pony and trap out most afternoons for a solidary ride around the grounds. Her mother was rather partial to a late afternoon nap. This meant Anne could use this window of opportunity to leave her mother with her ladies companion Mrs Jenkins and head outdoors. Richard had been correct in his observations that Anne had never been a truly gifted horsewoman, but when driving her pony and little carriage, she felt she could fly. The last few years however she had spent much time in the saddle. It had become common place for her to visit neighbouring friends with her Scottish cousins, and this was always done on horse back. At first she had borrowed a small pony, for being so short, this had allowed her to build her confidence without heading into the alarming thoroughbred territory. Her aunt kept a healthy sized stable, but the small, solid black pony had been Anne's preference. After several months Anne had mastered the saddle quite satisfactory. It was then that Edward had gifted her the elegant chestnut mare. "A lady as becoming as you should have a horse to match," he had smiled as Anne had stood open mouthed in shock over the unexpected gift. The mare was the most beautiful creature Anne had ever seen. She was the three year old daughter of one of Edwards favourite racers, though she had never quite matured to her fully anticipated height. "It was as though the two of you were designed for one another," he had said with much affection, as they had both headed out on their respective mounts. It had pained Anne greatly as her return to Rosings drew closer, for she knew she could not bring the horse with her. A small part of her knew she should never have accepted such a gift in the first place. Her true passion however would always be riding in her small high perched phaeton. She enjoyed the freedom it offered and the thrill as she raced it. One advantage of this solitary pastime was it allowed Anne time alone with her thoughts. Her mother was on great form, playing the role of mistress of Rosings without fault. Loud and domineering, her mother hated lulls in conversation and took great effort to make sure her voice never allowed such a situation to occur. Anne wouldn't of minded so, if it were not for her one and only focus in conversation. Anne's heart went out to Darcy, it really did. Her mother was a force of nature. He was managing Lady Catherine very well all things considered, though Anne could sense the Colonels patience was wearing thin, which was not a typical characteristic of Richard. Richard; she had spent a great deal of time thinking how she must not think of Richard. It was difficult, but surely their first meeting after so long was always going to be difficult? She had known what to expect, but she hadn't quite realised how much she would still be affected by his ridiculously boyish grin. In an attempt to drive away the melancholy from creeping it's way in, Anne drove the phaeton faster. Her hair whirled in wisps about her face as the air whipped past her upturned face. She turned a corner; suddenly filled with panic she pulled hard on the reins, the horse bucking under the sudden change in direction. The carriage abruptly skidded across the pathway and came to a halt 20 odd yards ahead. Anne turned and quickly jumped down from her high perch. Lifting her skirts, she ran back to find the Colonel just emerging from the dense undergrowth, his trousers mud covered with a face like thunder. He had dived head first into the thick undergrowth when Anne's carriage had come upon him. Anne stood, her concern evident across her shocked face as her cousin removed wet leaves from his jacket, his irritation clearly visible. "Bloody hell woman," he cried. 'Whatever the devil were you thinking!'
He stood, breathing deeply after his outburst. What the hell was she thinking gallivanting in the woods in that god damn contraption. He knew Anne's preference for driving her little carriage; but for her to be so careless was beyond all belief. For her to drive like that on uneven ground at such a speed, had she lost all common sense? He could feel his anger building from within, how could she be so reckless? Did she not know how foolish and dangerous she was behaving. What if something were to happen to her he thought with panic. "I'm serious Anne, what the devil possessed you to ride in such a manner, how could you be so unthinking?" "It was not my intention," Anne replied her voice shaken. "I am sorry, but I never meant to put anyone in harm's way. If I had known I would surely of taken another route. I have been taking this path most afternoons since my return and not once have I met another soul." Her most unapologetic response for simply being caught driving at such a speed only appeared to infuriate the Colonel further. She looked up into his stern face. She had never seen him so cross, she dropped her head and looked down at the muddy ground. Not only had she ruined his breeches, but she had dropped her skirts which now sat in the wet dirt. "I am truly sorry," she repeated not daring to meet his eye. Richard said nothing, he simply looked down at her in disapproval. Oh, why did it have to be him she thought. Could she not have collided with anyone else but him? Why must she always appear such a childish fool in his presence. She could feel the anger radiating from his person and took his silence as confirmation of his utter disapproval of her behaviour. She willed herself not to cry, no good had ever come from crying where Richard was concerned. Richard looked at Anne, her head hung low. The girl was only sorry for being caught, he thought with exasperation; she's wasn't even wearing a bonnet, the sun shone bright butt it could still rain! How was it that she could make could him so angry, Richard prided himself on his level temper, but Anne always managed to ruffle his composure. He knew exactly why she made him so unlike himself and it was this very reason he had avoided being left alone with her thus far at Rosings. He did not care one jot for his mud covered clothing, or the fact he had jumped head first into the undergrowth; his annoyance came from his overwhelming fear for her total disregard for her own safety. It was easier to scold her than to sweep her into his arms and hold her close until she promised never to be so foolishly reckless again. Perhaps the best solution would be to have a word with his aunt and have the bloody two-seater contraption removed from Anne's possession. She would not look at him, her head low, her brown curls falling loosely over her face. His hot temper had run its course and he could feel his initial chagrin begin to pass. "Anne," he said softly. She did not raise her head, still she would not look at him. Without thinking, he pulled the glove from his right hand and reached out. Cupping her chin in his hand he raised her face till their eyes met. Looking into her eyes he gently ran his thumb along the base of her cheek. Her skin felt cool and smooth against his own. Anne stood completely still, though her heart pounded and blood roared in her ears. Every sense was on high alert. She could feel the roughness and heat from his skin as it gently skimmed against her jaw. Heat rose, travelling up her neck to her face. She had no idea what to do, what to say, she did not trust her emotions. "Anne," he repeated, taking a tentative step forward, closing the distance between them. She continued to look up at him; she worried her bottom lip, unsure what to say, fearful that she would say the wrong thing and the moment would be lost. "What if something happened to you," he said softly, "can you not see I simply do not wish to see you harmed." "I am sorry," she whispered turning her cheek slightly into the warmth of his hand. "Do not apologise to me," he replied, his eyes dark and intense as they studied her face. He tilted his head, bringing his face closer to her. "Simply promise me you will take more care in future." She could feel his breath against her forehead, accompanied by the most unusual tingling sensation down her spine. He was entirely aware how foolish he was being, how inappropriate his conduct. He was exceedingly close to doing something he would not be able to undo. "You are lucky it was just me you happened upon, he said slowly his hand dropping to caress the curve of her neck. "Imagine if it were poor Mrs Collins or the lovely Miss Bennet exposed to your carriage antics," he teased in a low rich murmur. He was just about to lower his head to hers when she suddenly pulled back from him. "You take a great deal of interest in that particular lady," Anne replied sharply. "Why you and Darcy seem to never be apart from the lovely Miss Bennet." Anne could not hide the hurt in her voice. He thought Elizabeth lovely. Richard took a step back, his chest tightening. Had Anne also noticed the way Darcy looked at Miss Bennet. Richard had been aware of Darcy's distraction in the presence of the pretty young woman from the moment of their introduction. Later he had learnt the two were already previously acquainted. It was the tone in Anne's voice which cut him to the core, the clear taint of jealousy. Surely Anne could not be worried about Darcy looking at a woman so beneath his notice. He knew Darcy's eye was drawn to the handsome Miss Bennet, but he was confident that was where the attraction would end. Surely Anne knew Darcy well enough to not feel threatened by poor Miss Bennet. "Really Anne that is beneath you," he chided. "Taking a gibe at a woman whose society is so decidedly beneath your own." "Whatever are you speaking of," said Anne in a less than tranquil tone. She was such a confusion of feelings. On one hand Richards dismissive remark about Elizabeth caused her heart to swell, however it was also met with vexation. How dare he slight her new friend, she expected that sort of pompous behaviour from Darcy but not of Richard. Her mother was right, perhaps Richard was just as keen to secure a lady of high birth and wealth as the rest of the family. Second sons after all must carve their own way in life. "Trust a man to only see a woman within the shallow realm of his own aspirations of society," she retorted, lifting her muddy skirts and turning to leave. "If you will excuse me, I think I have taken the air quite long enough for one afternoon. I shall take the carriage back to the house, I am sure you are more than capable of finding your own way back." Richard stood, his mouth open, his astonishment obvious, as he watched Anne march back to her phaeton. What the devil had just happened? Only a moment ago he had been about to throw caution to the wind and do the one thing he had spent the best part of 6 years wanting to do; then suddenly the moment was gone. They were arguing and Richard was not entirely sure why. He had only tried to reassure her with regards to Miss Bennet and Darcy. He could not understand Anne's reaction. He had no idea what to think of Anne at present, for a fleeting moment he had felt she mirrored his desire. He watched, still dumbfounded, as she pulled the reins, turned the carriage about and headed in the direction of the house. On her return Anne was relieved to find no one in attendance as she entered the grand foyer of the house. She retired to her room in order to dress for dinner. Looking down at the mud covered state of her skirts, she felt such a fool; the afternoons unexpected incident leaving her feeling utterly mortified. How could she have been such a simpleton, she had been so sure he was going to kiss her. She had been in love with Richard for as long as she could remember, perhaps she had always loved him. She knew the expectations from her family with regards to her and Darcy and although Darcy was a good man, he had never held any power over her heart. As Hennie styled her hair, Anne sat quietly deep in thought. She thought back to that last summer since she had been in Richards company. She had been nineteen. Darcy had come of age, and following the tragic death of his father, both he and Richard held guardian ship over Darcy's younger sister, Georgiana. The poor girl was only ten when she became orphaned and Anne's heart went out to her as she knew how hard it was to lose a beloved father, and at such tender an age. It was one of the rare summers that her mother had agreed to leave Rosings and travel to her ancestral home in Yorkshire. Her brother, the Earl of Matlock was a jolly man and Anne loved being with him and Lady Annabel. Henry on the other hand, Richards elder brother was not her favourite company, but was rarely to be found at home, preferring the card tables and society of London all year round. It had been a month of pure joy for Anne. Georgiana had been there, and Anne truly loved her sweet little cousin. Darcy however was not. Although his name was mentioned, incessantly so by her mother, Anne had been relieved by his absence. Now that he was of age, the expectations from the family of their forthcoming nuptials were so great, they could no longer be taken as a mere suggestion. No, everyone within their sphere of influence intended to see them wed. The only problem was, Anne's heart was not in such a plan, and she was entirely certain that though he was fond of her, Darcy did not love her either. Although Anne knew nothing of what it truly meant to be in love, the feelings she had always held for Richard became apparently clear over those weeks in Yorkshire. He was home only for a short duration before being deployed to some foreign European destination. The thought of him leaving, filled Anne with a melancholy she had never experienced before. She had truly felt sick at the thought of him leaving. It was during a game of croquet on the lawn, when Richard innocently put his arms around her to correct her swing, that she had realised it. Her feelings for Richard were so unlike any of the feelings she had ever felt towards another. Butterflies exploded in her stomach when he was near, the spicy, clean scent of his skin made her shiver, everything about him had her entire being on alert. She had tried at the time, to talk to her mother of these feelings. She did not mention the gentleman in question, but simply asked what it felt like to be in love. Her mother, with narrowed eyes and a hard mouth had coldly replied that love was merely an illusion, a fleeting fancy that would leave you only disappointed and none the better for its occurrence. Anne had asked her mother to explain this response, surely there was more to be said? Her mother had simply sat in silence and Anne decided it was best not to speak to her mother on such matters ever again. "Miss, do you not think you would prefer to wear the blue gown with the silver trim this evening," asked Hennie, bringing Anne back into the present. Anne smiled at the young girl, she had been awful company this evening, barely saying a word to the poor lass. "No I am fine as I am," she replied looking in the mirror. "I am in no mood to play dress up this evening." At half past six Anne was summoned to the drawing room. As she descended the stairs she was met by an agitated Darcy, pacing at the foot of them. "Anne," he said rushing towards her, "I am glad I have caught you alone. Anne we must speak in private." He was clearly troubled by something; but Anne didn't have the zeal required for such an exchange. "Not now Darcy," Anne replied, "I have had enough conversation for one day. Whatever it is you wish to discuss can wait until tomorrow. I shall meet you at the lakeside pavilion after tea with mother. No one shall interrupt us there." She smiled at him and searched his face, he did seem out of sorts. He nodded at her, his furrowed brow relaxing. "Until tomorrow then," he smiled with out much feeling and taking her arm in his, escorted her into the drawing room.
Anne entered the drawing room, tucked into the crook of Darcy's arm. She was actually much relieved by his presence, although he appeared somewhat distant. She had been dreading the thought of facing Richard again. She had decided that the best way in which to survive the evening would be simply to avoid him and any situation which might bring them into close proximity. One positive of the evening, the Collins's and their relations were invited to dine also. Elizabeth and Mrs Collins would likely keep the Colonel much engaged with their lively conversation. This scenario would of previously caused Anne a little unease, but Richard had made his opinion towards Elizabeth abundantly clear earlier. He may admire her, but she was not worth his serious attention. She had often wondered why Richard had not already found himself a wife. As much as she didn't care for the idea of Richard with a bride, she knew his father had not made any provision for his younger son. Apart from his father securing his commission in the army, Richard was expected to make his own way in the world. For younger sons used to a life of comfort and privilege, this really only left the expectation of an advantageous marriage. With so much new money in the world, the prospect of marrying into the prestige lineage of the Fitzwilliam line was a charming incentive for many ladies and their families; a most convenient marriage for all involved. What grieved Anne most about such a scenario was the fact that she herself was a lady of considerable wealth. Ridiculously wealthy by all accounts when one considered the fate of most ladies. Her father had been very good to her. Not only could she give Richard her heart but she could offer him the financial stability he required and so much more. Her father had invested his money well, leaving Anne a very rich woman. That the appeal from this alone was not enough to tempt Richard into a flirtation left Anne feeling entirely inadequate. This feeling of falling short of expectations had plagued Anne for several of her younger years, she was just not enough for him, even with her money. During her stay with her aunt much of these feeling of self doubt had faded as Anne began to come out of her shell. She made friends and new acquaintances easily, something she had never experienced before. People liked her, not because she was the heiress of Rosings Park, but because she was Anne. Her mother rarely socialised, apart from family gatherings, and Anne realised that she actually enjoyed the society of other people. She enjoyed calling on friends, attending the theatre, taking part in afternoon picnics and most of all dancing. She had even caught the eye of a very well respected and sought after gentleman; and although Anne had become very fond of Edward, until she could forget Richard she could not open her heart to the possibility of another. Anne sat next to Darcy, her mother demanding he took the seat to the left of her favourite chair. Richard stood across the room looking out one of the floor to ceiling windows. With his back to the room, he raised his wine glass to his lips and took a long swig of the burgundy liquid. "Rather early to be drowning your sorrows Richard, even for you,' Darcy called out to his cousin dryly. "You are not still sulking from my besting you at the archery targets this afternoon?" "It would appear, Darcy," Richard replied coolly, "you seem to be very apt at besting me in all things." The sudden tension in the room was registered by all, even her mother had taken note. Anne did not understand why Richard seemed vexed with Darcy, perhaps he was still peeved from their run-in earlier. Lady Catherine, in a rare moment of astuteness, sensed this hostility and began to engage both gentleman in what appeared idle, but very determined conversation. Within moments the odd remark was forgot and Hughes entered to announce the arrival of Mr Collins and the ladies. The party entered the ostentatiously ornate drawing room; the ladies curtsied sweetly while Mr Collins bowed profusely, uttering ridiculous sentiments of his most humble gratitude. Lady Catherine received her guests civilly, but was far too engrossed by her nephews and their odd behaviour. ln all honesty, she had never been known to be the most entertaining or attentive of company. However this evening she had a more pressing distraction. She was determined to keep a close eye on Richard; surely he no longer held any of those ridiculous notions he had once brought to her attention. She was so sure Darcy would propose, she was so close to achieving the one thing she desired most for her daughter. Darcy would be good to Anne, she would be happily settled but she would never love him. She could save her daughter from that pain her mother thought. She felt a great sense of relief as Richard took a seat next to the young, pretty Miss Elizabeth Bennet. That will do nicely, thought Lady Catherine, she shall keep him quite engrossed till dinner. Elizabeth smiled warmly as the Colonel took the seat next to her. His cheerful disposition was a much welcomed relief during her visits to Rosings Park. Anne sat across the room next to Darcy. Elizabeth tried to catch her friends eye, but Anne seemed rather distracted. Turning her full attention to the Colonel, Elizabeth was ready to be entertained by his stories of the militia and his boyish escapades. However the gentleman seemed out of sorts this evening. Wine glass in hand the Colonel gave short replies to her attempts at conversation; and although replies were entirely civil, they seemed more apt to Darcy's standoffish manners and not those belonging to the usual gregarious Colonel. Elizabeth could not understand his change in countenance. Elizabeth raised her eyebrows at Charlotte, the lady looked back as perplexed by his manner as she. Then next quarter of an hour continued to pass with similar strained conversation from the Colonel. After much compliments and encouragement from the ladies, the Colonel managed to rally his spirits. He was not one for brooding and soon he was his charming self once more. Darcy sat across the room, trapped in conversation by his aunt and the onslaught of Mr Collins. He turned his gaze repeatedly in the direction of his cousin and Elizabeth. How easy it was for Richard to converse and entertain while in company. Darcy had never excelled in that skill. He turned his head to look at Anne, who was speaking with the young Miss Lucas. How solemn Anne appeared this evening. Dressed in a dark grey gown, her face seemed devoid of all colour and expression. Her pale porcelain skin gave her an almost ghost like, ethereal quality against the harsh contrast of her dress. "Anne," Darcy said touching her arm gently to draw her attention, "are you quite well? You seem rather quiet this evening." Anne gave him a small smile and patted his hand, which still sat on her arm. "I am quite well I assure you, perhaps just a little tired. I have been listening to Miss Lucas discuss the delights of Hertfordshire; Darcy you sly thing you never mentioned you had the privilege of the enchanting Miss Bingley's company while at Netherfield Park." "As you and I both know Anne," Darcy smiled, "the privilege is not always met with equal pleasure." He dropped his voice so that only Anne could hear. "She sends her most heartfelt and warmest of regards by the way." "Heartfelt I am sure indeed," Anne replied with a smirk, to which Darcy could not help but laugh. Although happily engaged with the lively Miss Bennet and the sharp witty observations of Mrs Collins, Richard could not help but look towards Darcy and Anne. Richard noticed Darcy's eyes often focused on Elizabeth, but at that moment he and Anne looked very familiar. Darcy sat with his body turned towards Anne, his hand casually placed over her forearm, her small hand covering his. Their heads were bent together as the two spoke and smirked to one another in private conversation. The sight left Richard feeling rather hollow. "What do you think Colonel," asked Charlotte with a small laugh. "Do you think her uncle wise for removing his niece from such company? Richard's mind drew blank. He had not been listening to the ladies conversation at all. He vaguely recalled them mentioning a Miss King and her newly acquired inheritance, but other than that he knew not what else had followed. Elizabeth laughed assuming the rather gossip heavy conversation had simply shocked the poor Colonel. As entertaining as he was, he was after all still a man and unlikely exposed to such frivolous female gossip. "It is a poor show indeed," teased Elizabeth in reply to Charlotte's question. "The poor girl must be broken hearted unable to wed the one she chooses; however I am sure such a sum as ten thousand pounds will offer her some solace." "Lizzie," scolded Mrs Collins but laughing all the same at her friend's flippant response. "You think the girl has been done a disservice," Richard asked trying to focus once more on the discussion taking place around him. "Of course," cried Elizabeth. "Who is her uncle to know what is best for her own heart and future happiness. Surely if she wished to be married she should have been able to do so, she has the means but not the power it would appear." "Ahh, but rarely do any of us have that power," laughed the Colonel at Elizabeth's passionate response. "In matters of greater weight," he smiled deviously at the ladies, "I too may suffer from want of money and in doing so will have little power in my choice of bride. So you see this poor Miss King and I are one and the same. Albeit a reversal of fortunes I grant. He laughed and continued, "younger son's cannot marry where they like." Elizabeth laughed at his silly remark "Unless where they like women of fortune, which I think they may often do." "Alas," said the Colonel spreading his hands in exaggeration, "I am still without a partner. Such fine a Lady would appear not to want me and being such a disagreeable soul I cannot blame them." Both ladies laughed as he continued, "there are not many in my rank who can afford to marry without some attention to money." Is this, thought Elizabeth meant for me? She blushed slightly and recovering herself said in a lively tone, "and pray, what is the usual price of an Earls younger son?" The words where out of Richards mouth before he even registered there meaning. "Why a broken heart of course." The words sat heavy in the air, his cheeks instantly flushed while both ladies said nothing. Elizabeth felt a rush of sympathy towards the Colonel. She was just about to question him further when the bell rang to announce dinner. Richard thanking heaven for the timely interruption, took the opportunity to escort Miss Lucas into the dining room. Hopefully if he sat next to the quiet, shy girl, he could avoid any further embarrassment. Dinner was an exceedingly handsome affair. Mr Collins commented and praised upon every article of plate, every item of decoration and anything else which he could devote attention. At least his incessant chattering avoided any lulls in conversation. Mr Darcy carved and ate, but said very little, his eyes however frequently drawn to Elizabeth. He watched as she conversed happily with Anne and Mrs Collins, her brilliant eyes expressive and her smile filled with warmth. He was pleased she and Anne were becoming friends, it would be good for Anne to have such a lively lady amongst her acquaintances. After dinner, the ladies retired to the drawing room while the gentleman were left to their brandy. Her mother was engaged giving advice to Mrs Collins and her younger sister, which left Anne and Elizabeth happily in each others company. "It is sad is it not, that such a man, a man so agreeable as the colonel, should be forced to marry for money." Said Elizabeth to Anne as she spoke of their earlier discussion. Elizabeth then began to tell Anne about the news she had received in a letter from her youngest sister discussing a Miss Mary King and the sudden end of her engagement to a Mr Wickham. Anne knew the name well, but had not seen or heard of George Wickham for many years. Her mother had always disapproved of him greatly and had often scolded her brother in law, Mr George Darcy, for being so indulgent with the boy. Anne listened with great interest. She got the impression Elizabeth had also been rather taken with Mr Wickham at some stage of their acquaintance. Though she felt perhaps her friend was no longer quite to partial to the gentleman. "The Colonel however," continued Elizabeth with much feeling, "he is a sweet tempered, amiable, charming man. How lucky you are to have always been in his company. Darcy however," she laughed, "I know not what to think of him!" Here Elizabeth bent her head closer to Anne and began to tell her of Darcy's conduct at the Netherfield ball, that he refused to dance even though gentleman were scarce! Anne laughed, "Oh Elizabeth, that is awful indeed, but please do not be too harsh on Darcy. He is not as easy in company as Richard, or as lively as Wickham if my memory is anything to go by. Like all of us he has many faults, but do not let that cloud your judgement on his character." Anne looked at Elizabeth, she had seen the way Darcy looked at her, she had never seen Darcy so obviously taken with a lady before. Knowing him as she did, she was also certain that it was this preference for Elizabeth which resulted him in being so utterly stiff when in her company. Perhaps there was some way in which Anne could encourage their acquaintance, there was still one more week before he was due to depart for London. "Darcy is a good man, when he feels at ease in company he truly is the of best company, you shall see that in time." Elizabeth smiled at Anne's reply, well of course she would defend the man, she was his future bride. It was at this moment the gentleman made there reappearance. Coffee was served and once over, Colonel Fitzwilliam reminded Elizabeth of having promised to play for him; and she sat down directly at the instrument. He drew a chair near her and settled back ready to be entertained. Lady Catherine listened to half a song, and then talked, as before, to Mr Collins and her other nephew; till the latter walked away from her, and making with his usual deliberation towards the pianoforte stationed himself so as to command a full view of the fair performer's countenance. Elizabeth saw what he was doing, and at the first convenient pause, turned to him with an arch smile, and said: "You mean to frighten me, Mr. Darcy, by coming in all this state to hear me? I will not be alarmed though your sister DOES play so well. There is a stubbornness about me that never can bear to be frightened at the will of others. My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me." "I shall not say you are mistaken," he replied, "because you could not really believe me to entertain any design of alarming you; and I have had the pleasure of your acquaintance long enough to know that you find great enjoyment in occasionally professing opinions which in fact are not your own." Elizabeth laughed heartily at this picture of herself, and said to Colonel Fitzwilliam, "Your cousin will give you a very pretty notion of me, and teach you not to believe a word I say." Charlotte sat, ignoring the sound of her husband and watched the exchange between Elizabeth and Mr Darcy at the pianoforte. She had long held a suspicion that the gentleman held some sort of partiality towards her friend. She had often wonder why Mr Darcy came to often to the Parsonage, especially as he frequently sat there ten minutes together without opening his lips; and when he did speak, it seemed the effect of necessity rather than of choice-a sacrifice to propriety, not a pleasure to himself. He seldom appeared really animated. Mrs Collins knew not what to make of him. Colonel Fitzwilliam's occasionally laughing at his stupidity, proved that he was generally different, which her own knowledge of him could not have told her; and as she would liked to have believed this change the effect of love, and the object of that love her friend Eliza, she set herself seriously to work to find it out. He certainly looked at her friend a great deal, but the expression of that look was disputable. It was an earnest, steadfast gaze, but she often doubted whether there were much admiration in it, and sometimes it seemed nothing but absence of mind. She had once or twice suggested to Elizabeth the possibility of his being partial to her, but Elizabeth always laughed at the idea; and Mrs. Collins did not think it right to press the subject, from the danger of raising expectations which might only end in disappointment; for in her opinion it admitted not of a doubt, that all her friend's dislike would vanish, if she could suppose him to be in her power. In her kind schemes for Elizabeth, she sometimes planned her marrying Colonel Fitzwilliam. She glanced towards the happy gentleman as he laughed at Darcy and conversed with Eliza. He was beyond comparison the most pleasant man; he certainly admired her, and his situation in life was most eligible; but, to counterbalance these advantages, Mr Darcy had considerable patronage in the church, and his cousin could have none at all. Then there was the question of Anne. Although Charlotte liked the lady, she had yet to perceive any notion of a love on the ladies part towards Mr Darcy. Indeed, the pair seemed close, but no more than the intimacy found between close family. It was a perplexing situation indeed. The evening drew to a close; Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam escorted the Collins's and their family to the front of the house to one of Lady Catherine's carriages which was to take them back to the parsonage. After such a long evening Anne felt suddenly very tired and saying goodnight to her mother, left the drawing room and headed for her bedchamber. Just as she reached the hall Darcy appeared. "Anne," he spoke quietly, causing her to pause on the stairs, "you have not forgotten our arrangement for tomorrow?" "No I have not forgot," she replied with a smile. "I shall meet you as promised at the garden pavilion, shall we say for three?" He agreed and took her hand in his; he gave it a light squeeze. Anne felt he wanted to say more and for a moment felt bad for her putting off their discussion until tomorrow. Whatever Darcy wished to discuss was clearly important. Taking her hand back, she turned and headed up the stairs to her room. Darcy stood still watching her back as she left. Behind him, in the shadow of the doorway, Richard watched the exchange between his cousins with grave curiosity. The time had come he thought with feeling, she would be his bride by tomorrow evening.
