PROLOGUE The Legend of Phoebe, Daughter of the Elder of Elemental Fire, the Guardian of Women, the Caster of the Curse. Listen carefully to the words of Wisdom. For They shall tell You of the End of Love. They will teach You a Lesson for Life. They are the Ones that have seen, heard and understood. History – You might think This is, but take care to avoid such Beliefs, for This made the World what it is, This is the Loss of All, the Weapon that was aimed at the Evil, yet Wounded the Good. It wrote the Year 1312. The Elders – a Group of a hundred lonesome Titans, with History of their own making, guarded the World. Among Them, but Half a Dozen identified as Female Elderesses and twice as much among All were Children. There was a thirteenth Child. Blessed by the most powerful of Elders, Fathered by Fire and taught by the Wisest and Strongest among her Race. Her Name Phoebe – a Witness to her Beauty equal to the Moon's. Her Magic – a Force to destroy and to make. Destiny must have brought her to the Humans' Door, for on the eighth of February, she descended from her humble Abode among the Elders to pay visit to her Subjects. She left behind her Greatness to merge more easily into the Community of which she was Guardian. At the Time, precious as it was to add Love to One's Name, it was common to seek such a Treasure. Many who found it also found Eternity. Love was not Phoebe's desire, yet among the Crowd, one Human caught her Heart in a Knot and Phoebe quickly lost her Defences. The Attack was a Surprise and She – unawares – fell into that Man's Trap. Sir John was not in the least oblivious to his Success. Deep in his chest Cavity burned Hatred. It was dark and freezing. As if an Acid of Ice-cold Temperatures slowly bit and tore this evil Man's Core, eating upon his Soul and leaving solely the worthless Flesh. Yet this all was invisible to the naked Eye. Phoebe breathed Sir John's Air, she sensed his Fire, she drank from his Water and walked on his Earth. The longer She travelled around the neighbouring Fiefs the more blind She became to the Inequalities that started to form around her. Then, one Morning, on her Way to a Meeting of fellow Courier Delegates – one of which She was disguised as – Phoebe was stopped in her Tracks by Sir John himself. She smiled at the pleasant Surprise and he mirrored the Gesture. He invited her to join him and so she did. They came to stand atop a Hill and looked around, before Sir John locked his Eyes to Phoebe's. As He knew of his Power over her and that She was more powerful than any of his former Prey, he knit slowly a Net around. It was only fortunate for him, that Sir John knew not of Phoebe's Heritage, when They decided to bind themselves together in a magical Maze of Love. As the great Walls rose around them and the single Gate started to close, Sir John guided Phoebe further into the Maze and showed her around. An evil Glim in his Eye. As he let go of Phoebe's Hand for a Moment, outwardly to leave her to admire the Rays of Magic, it cost him only a few discreet Steps to dash through the closing Barrier and laugh at the Woman trapped within. At first not understanding what happened, in Denial some would say, Phoebe wandered around, somehow waiting for Sir John to come back to her with a Surprise and thus, the Episode would have been forgotten. But as the Time flew by and the Walls seemed to grow and take the Breaths from Phoebe's Lungs, she began to walk faster and faster, until she stopped dead in her tracks in front of a Line of Cages. In Each and every single One of them was enclosed one Heart of a Woman or Girl Sir John had already seduced for his own Entertainment. Bursting from her Heart came a powerful Shockwave of her strong Elder Heart, but new to Emotions. The Barrier of the Maze came down in a second and from there rose no longer the Woman, but the Elderess Phoebe with Fire in her eyes and magical Wings on her Back. Crying out in senseless Rage, the powerful Being gathered all the Magic around her into an erupting Sphere of Energy and with her last Ounce of Strength, Phoebe threw all her Possessions into the Aether and vaporized into a small Cloud with her last leaving Spell. The Curse had been Cast. Phoebe's still untamed Magic burned out on her as the loss of Love broke her Heart. She lost her strength. Her ability to bear Magic and her Eyes turned into two endless Black Holes. It was her Father who carried her within his Embrace to a Castle above the Earth and treated her Body, but he could not treat her Mind. At the Sight of his Daughter, her Father – a powerful Elder Mage called his fellow Warriors and they Ascended the Winds until they got to Phoebe's Curse. Each grabbed onto an Edge, still suspended above the World and pulled outwards. As the Net grew large, it enveloped all within and only once it was above All did the Elders finish the Spell. All Love was now buried under the Curse and thus it will stay to the future Days – for the Magic of Elders is Powerful and Eternal. Author's Note- Greetings! This is the story of the End of Love. Or is it? Someone came along and lifted the Curse. They had a Weapon more powerful than the Curse itself. Come with me, and we will be in this together. And who am I? Well...
Author's Note – Welcome to the first chapter. Before the story begins, allow me to thank you for reading this work and leaving reviews, it is appreciated. The most asked questions, that I felt needed to be answered for you all, were the following: 1. "Why is this story in P&P", "What does this have to do with P&P?" and some sentences, such as "I am a bit confused as to how this is related to P&P..." are all about a single thing, I believe, which can be easily replied to by today's post. Enjoy! 2. An unspoken question raised by several of you regarded my capitalization. It was mostly an experiment of mine, I tried to add an ancient effect to the text, it is exclusive for the Prologue (at least for now), but feel free to tell me more about any anomalies that catch your attention as "not supposed to be there". Please. Thank You again, -Ally Chapter 1 Elizabeth's eyes slowly left the old book. The myths of the world had always attracted her. The language, the stories, the mysteries and this magic – Love, it all held her fascination. And the Ancient type of spells – Love – what was that anyway? Was it more powerful than her magic? She looked at her open palm and willed her fingers to light up with fire. Being close to fragile paper, she let the flames burn only for several seconds before closing her fist with a small cloud of sparks and returning her gaze to the pages. Was it more powerful than the Elder's magic? She closed the tome in one swift motion, fast enough for some dust to rise, and stood up. What was she thinking? This Love did not exist anymore, and it might not have ever existed in the first place. Stories must be proven before they are believed, her father told her, and she took great care to hold back her fiery temper in order to follow the wise advice. Looking around, Elizabeth realised she had spent her free time reading myths again and needed to return home quickly. The was an assembly in Meryton tonight and although since she was thirteen she was protected by an agreement from having to find a husband until she reached her majority, she was not safe from attending assemblies and being showed around by her Mamma. She sighed and smiled. Elizabeth liked spending time in nature, but for all her energy she did not always like to spend time dancing or discussing the weather, travelling and landscapes, despite the activities' connection to the outside. Thinking about it, she was not made for sadness. Lizzy knew she was of a very happy and positive origin, but there was this stabbing pain in her chest, that stopped her from being any happier right when she felt she could. It felt a little like guilt for being so very happy while others weren't, but it was not quite the same feeling. It ached. It was like a lock that kept her from bursting open with positivity and rather pushed her towards despair, clinging to her and dragging her downwards, drowning her, until it was nearly impossible for her to swim back up and breathe normally again. "You cannot catch me!" came a cry from somewhere. "Give me my bonnet back, Kitty!" was the reply followed by laughter. Elizabeth smiled hearing her sisters. Preparations for the local assembly meant they were chasing each other for fun and atop that to vex their mother, who tried to make them sit still and get ready. She was very fond of her younger sisters and they were fond of her as well. The Bennet girls always were very energetic and lively. However, they were not impolite or stupid, they all enjoyed company and discussions, long walks, and were all well-read. All of them could sing and play the piano, they were the so-called "accomplished" girls society wanted them to be. But unlike the others, they were genuinely interested in these activities. Their performances together were always a highlight at any gathering. Kitty drew, Mary also played the harp, Jane could embroider very well, and Elizabeth and Lydia wrote musical pieces, some of which the sisters performed together. The sisters were by no means angels, they were known to play with the smaller children of Longbourn's tenants and that often resulted in some sort of mischief, especially with "Lizzy and Lyddie". Every house in the estate, even the manor house, was at least once in the year visited by an outside animal; a frog or a snake. Sometimes the young women could be seen with their petticoats drenched in mud, their faces dirty and shining bright red from laughing and exercising. Mr. Bennet, their father, was a kind and well-read gentleman with a sharp with and sense of humour, which he tried to pass to his daughters. He made sure that they received a good education. Since there was an entail on the estate, he made certain that his girls had dowries and worked hard to ensure it. Longbourn was an estate that yielded £5,000 per year. Each of the girls had a dowry of £7,500. But it was not so when he inherited the estate. It only yielded £2,000 a year. He had worked hard to get it to what it was now and still tried to improve. His daughters were educated in estate matters as well; the Master of Longbourn wouldn't have it any other way. The five Bennet girls- Jane, Elizabeth, Mary, Catherine and Lydia- were also trained in the magical arts, and each had a different power. This was by no means used only for help and all the girls had been at least once scolded for a particularly "funny" trick. Mrs. Bennet, their mother, was an outgoing, sensible and educated woman, though she would occasionally get in a tizzy at the thought of the entail. She wanted to see her daughters settled safely and comfortably, and would try to match-make, though she would never push her daughters into a marriage in which they were not happy. There was an unofficial agreement in the household, that the Misses Bennet were free to choose their husband, but needed Papa's consent until their reaching majority, but if they weren't married and their parents could not provide for them anymore, they would voluntarily go and find place as governesses or teachers. Mr. Bennet sat with his daughters every day to have discussions on different subjects, and often his wife would join them. They all learned other languages together, and were fluent in French, Greek, Latin and Italian. Usually these debates would end in Elizabeth and her father enjoying a heated discussion while the others watched with smiles on their faces or got distracted and played some other game. Greetings, children of Earth. I hope you have been paying attention. I decided to write this for a reason, you see? The Bennets are a nice family, are they not, and I wanted them to be seen as the lovi-, no, no, no, I wanted them to be seen as the affectionate and close-knit family they were. Why did I stop myself in between? Because That Word is Forbidden. We do not say it. And neither should you. And who am I to decide this? Who am I, narrating this story? Allow me to introduce myself. I am Fate. You might have heard of me and no, I do not make people do things and miracles and catastrophes happen. I am not one to tell others what to do. I narrate their stories, I watch their choices and sometimes I add more. Choosing what path to follow is not my job, it's Everyone's own.
Chapter 2 It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. And one such man, named Mr. Bingley, had just moved to the village of Meryton in Hertfordshire. And the village was in an uproar. A young man of six or seven and twenty, with 4,000-5,000 pounds a year, and lots of young unmarried ladies in the village was bound to give us interesting stories, maybe even a marriage. And when this man came with an even richer friend, who owned half of Derbyshire, one could expect these young ladies trying to catch their attention, and their mothers pushing them even more. You see, not many such men came to Meryton, especially to live there. A small village where everybody had known everybody for as long as they could remember, the people were nice and friendly. Till it came to marrying off their daughters. Then even matrons who are best friends are trying to one up the other in getting their daughters married. So with these thoughts, everyone entered the Meryton Assembly rooms, including the Bennet family. As soon as they entered, the family split to find their friends. Elizabeth and Jane quickly went to find their best friend Charlotte Lucas. They went to their favourite spot, which was slightly hidden from view, giving them some freedom to talk freely. Nobody came in their spot as everyone had known that the girls liked to sit there and talk. "What do you know about the Netherfield party?" Elizabeth asked Charlotte as soon as they sat down. "I assume that you both know that Netherfield has been leased by a gentleman named Mr. Charles Bingley." Both the sisters nodded. "Well unlike what everyone says, he is bringing only two ladies and two gentlemen with him." said Charlotte. "Have you met them yet?" asked Jane. "Yes, at Lucas Lodge. Mr. Bingley is a nice and friendly man with affable manners. It was his father's greatest wish that he become a part of the landed gentry, and so he is here looking for an estate to lease it and get used to it. He seemed pleased with Netherfield, though the same could not be said about his younger sister Miss Caroline Bingley." she said with an amused smile. "I know that look Charlotte. What did she do?" asked Elizabeth excitedly. "Well, she looked as if she had just eaten a lemon, her face looking around in disgust at her surroundings. She acted as if she was above everyone else. And she constantly attached herself to Mr. Bingley's friend, Mr. Darcy. The poor man looked like he wanted to run away from her, but was too polite to do so!" said Charlotte. Both the sisters laughed at this. "Tell us a bit more about the others." said Jane. "So Mr. Bingley has brought his other sister Ms. Louisa Hurst and her husband Mr. Gregory Hurst with him. They were polite. Mrs. Hurst seemed like she wanted to talk to us, but her sister would not allow it. Mr. Hurst has an estate, and he was telling Papa about London." "Mrs. Hurst might be a nice person to talk to." said Jane. "Yes that is what I thought. That is why I plan on talking to her today when her sister is not around." said Charlotte. "And this Mr. Darcy?" asked Elizabeth. "He is a quiet gentleman. He spoke only a little, but was polite. He is from Derbyshire, and has an income of ten thousand pounds per annum." "No wonder Miss Bingley was attaching herself to him!" exclaimed Elizabeth. "Lizzy!" chided Jane, but Lizzy and Charlotte knew that she had thought the same. "He is said to own half of Derbyshire. He has a sister who lives at their estate. When the party called at our home, he was aloof for the most part. And was trying to avoid Miss Bingley." she said. Then the girls started talking of what they had done in the time they had not met. A few minutes later, the room suddenly went quiet. The three of them came out a bit from their spot to see what had happened. They looked at the main doors, where a group of five people had just entered, and spotted Sir Lucas making their way towards them. "The man with red hair is Mr. Bingley. To his right, that is Miss Bingley. The other lady standing with the brown-haired man is Mr. Hurst. The last man is Mr. Darcy." whispered Charlotte to them quickly. They looked at the Netherfield party with interest. Elizabeth noted that Charlotte was indeed right about the way the Bingley siblings behaved. Mr. Bingley was all smiles, and Mr. and Mrs. Hurst seemed pleased to be there. Miss Bingley looked like she wanted to be anywhere but the Assembly rooms. Mr. Darcy was expressionless, though Elizabeth thought she detected a sadness around him. At that moment, he happened to look in their direction, and she immediately cast her eyes away from him. Then the talking resumed. The musicians were getting ready for the first set, which would start in a few minutes, and so the girls went to find their partners who had asked them to dance on their way to their spot. A little while later, between sets, Mrs. Bennet came to get the three of them to be introduced to the Netherfield party. The rest of the Bennet family was already talking to them. "Come with me girls. We will introduce you to the Netherfield party. Charlotte dear you have to come as well." she exclaimed, almost dragging them with her. Sir Lucas made the introductions. He introduced the Netherfield party first. When he introduced Mr. Bingley, they all smiled. He immediately saw Jane and Elizabeth and Charlotte exchanged knowing looks. Everybody did that when they saw Jane. Elizabeth knew her family would be smiling as well. He immediately asked her for the next set, and she agreed. When he introduced Miss Bingley, the three girls tried to hide their smiles. Charlotte had been accurate in her descriptions. Mr. and Mrs. Hurst looked like pleasant people. The three of them gave them warm smiles and curtsies. Then he introduced Mr. Darcy, who bowed and gave a small but brief smile. They curtsied, and Elizabeth found herself looking at him again. He was a tall and handsome man, but she still thought that he looked a bit sad. Then the group spoke for a bit. During this, Mr. Darcy was only looking at Elizabeth, which she found slightly unnerving. Then the music started, and Mr. Bingley took Jane for their dance, while the other girls were claimed by their partners for that set. Twice while dancing, Elizabeth saw Mr. Darcy staring at her. The first time he looked away, but the second time, he continued looking at her. She could not think of why he would look at her, and so put him out of her mind and smiled at her partner and talked to him. She saw Jane smiling while talking to Mr. Bingley. She found Charlotte looking at them as well, and when their eyes met, they exchanged amused smiles. They knew that Jane must have liked him as well. She continued dancing, happy for her sister. Elizabeth Bennet had been obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen, to sit down for two dances; and during part of that time, Mr. Darcy had been standing near enough tor her to overhear a conversation between him and Mr. Bingley, who came from the dance for a few minutes, to press his friend to join it. "Come, Darcy," said he, "I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance." "I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this, it would be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another woman in the room, whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with." "I would not be so fastidious as you are," cried Bingley, "for a kingdom! Upon my honour, I have never met with so many pleasant girls in my life, as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty." "You are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room," said Mr. Darcy, looking at the eldest Miss Bennet. "Oh! she is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld! But there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I daresay, very agreeable. Do let me ask my partner to introduce you." "Which do you mean?" and turning round, he looked for a moment at Elizabeth, till catching her eye, he withdrew his own and coldly said, "She is tolerable; but not handsome enough to tempt me; and I am in no humour at present to give consequence to young ladies who are slighted by other men. You had better return to your partner and enjoy her smiles, for you are wasting your time with me." "Come on Darcy, I know that is not true. You have been looking at her for half the evening." said Bingley gently. Darcy sighed. "You are right. She is indeed very pretty. I only said that so that you would not make me dance with anybody." "Darcy, you know Georgiana would have wanted you to enjoy and dance, and not let what happened burden you." he said. "You are right." said Darcy with a small smile. "Please ask your partner to introduce us." Bingley smiled and led him to Jane, who happily agreed. They all walked to Elizabeth, who had turned away from them before they saw her. Mr. Darcy had found her pretty, which explained why he had been looking at her. For some reason, this made her very happy. Jane tapped her sister on the shoulder, and realised from one look that Elizabeth had a lot to tell her. She gave her a look that they would talk later about it. She then proceeded to introduce them again. "Miss Elizabeth, if you are not otherwise engaged, would you do me the honour of this dance?" asked Darcy with a small smile. She agreed, and he led her to the dance floor. At first, they were quiet. Then Elizabeth decided that she would talk first. "So how are you finding Netherfield, Sir?" she asked. "It is a very pleasant property." he replied. "And Hertfordshire? Is it tolerable enough to tempt you?" she asked with an amused smile. He blanched. "I am so sorry Miss Elizabeth. I had no idea that you heard me. I did not mean it. I am really very sorry." and he did look extremely upset about it. She nodded. "Apology accepted Mr. Darcy." she said, giving him a warm smile. "Thank you Miss Elizabeth. I just said that so that Bingley would stop bothering me. I generally do not dance, and am uncomfortable in crowded places." he said. It was then she realised that he way just very shy. She decided to make him feel more at ease then. "What would you like to talk of? Or do you want to not say anything for now?" He thought for a moment. "What is your favourite book?" he asked. She laughed. "I have never discussed books with anyone while dancing. But it will be a nice change." she said. They talked of books. They talked of other things. They even discussed some estate matters, things like what was being done at their estates. He was surprised to find her so knowledgeable in all these topics, and had a good time. She really enjoyed dancing with him. She then realised that the dance had almost come to an end. "Mr. Darcy, I have one more request to make." she said. "Yes Miss Elizabeth?" he asked with a smile. "Dance again with someone." he immediately stopped smiling at this. "I am only saying this because I heard a few people call you proud and haughty when you did not dance with anybody outside of your own party, and now that I know that that is not true, I do not wish for people to continue saying that." He relaxed at that. "You are right. If not for me, then for Bingley at least. But who can I dance with? I do not know anybody." he said, then looked at her. "Will you dance the next set with me as well?" he asked. She laughed before saying, "I am sorry Sir, but I am engaged for the next set." He looked disappointed at that. "The last set then?" he asked hopefully. "I would like that." she said, and he gave her a brilliant smile. She kept staring at him for a few seconds before realising that he had asked her a question. "Oh yes, about your partner. Maybe you could ask my sister Jane. Or I could introduce you to my friend Charlotte Lucas. I promise you that they will have something interesting to talk to you." she said. "Very well then. I will ask your sister. And please introduce me to Miss Lucas as well. I will ask her for another set." she nodded in agreement. "But do not forget our set!" he said. "I will not." she promised. The set ended, and she took him to Jane. Jane agreed and he danced with her, while Mr. Bingley applied for her hand for that set. The four of them took their places in the line. Elizabeth enjoyed her conversation with Mr. Bingley. He was a cheerful man and she thought that nobody could stay angry at him for long, just like Jane. She realised that he was a good match for Jane, and decided to talk to her sister about it. Mr. Darcy was surprised on enjoying both the dances that followed. Though the eldest Miss Bennet was quiet, he realised that she was just shy like him. He found her to very intelligent, and saw that she frequently looked at his friend, and came to the conclusion that she must hide her feelings like him. She was similar to his dear sister Georgiana. He realised that he would have misjudged her if he had not danced and talked to her, and was grateful to Miss Elizabeth for that. His dance with Miss Lucas was also good. She was also intelligent, and he could see why the three of them spent time together. He was surprised that the dance got over so quickly. After that, he asked Mrs. Bennet for a dance, who, though surprised, readily accepted. After two more sets, it was time for the final dance, his dance with Elizabeth. He and Bingley went to claim the eldest Misses Bennet, and once again, the four of them stood in line together. He had a very pleasant evening. While talking to Miss Bennet, he found out that Elizabeth walked to Oakham Mount every morning, no matter how late she had slept, to see the sun rise. He decided that he would go there in the morning as well. He was in the habit of waking up early, and knew that the other members at Netherfield would not wake so early, so he could go and have a good talk with Miss Elizabeth. Thus the Assembly ended successfully. The Bennet ladies got in their carriage, and on reaching home, burst into the library to tell Mr. Bennet about all that had happened. He laughed with them and soon they all went to sleep. "So Jane. What do you think of Mr. Bingley?" asked Elizabeth as she brushed her sister Mary's hair. The girls had all piled in Jane and Elizabeth's room to discuss everything. They all smiled knowingly while she coloured and told them that she had liked him a lot, that he was everything a gentleman ought to be. "I will not be surprised if he asks for a courtship soon." said Kitty. "Yes. You should have seen him when he first saw Jane!" said Lydia. "He could not take his eyes away from you!" said Mary. "And he danced with you with you twice. Only you!" "It is nothing." said Jane. "Sure Jane." said Elizabeth sarcastically. The younger girls then left to go to their rooms. "And what of Mr. Darcy?!" asked Jane. Her sister immediately coloured. "What of him?" asked Elizabeth, not meeting her sister's eyes. "He danced with you twice!" she exclaimed. Elizabeth told her sister of everything that had happened. The insult and the apology, and how she had helped him later in finding a partner. Her sister remembered that she had told Mr. Darcy about Elizabeth's morning walks, and would not be surprised if he came there in the next day or two. She could see that he liked her sister a lot. They talked a bit more, and then went to sleep. The Bennet girls would wake up in a few hours to go for their walk. They both soon fell into deep sleeps, smiling as they thought of two residents at Netherfield. Author's Note- Welcome back to this story! Before I write anything else, I would like to thank you all for taking some time out for this story and reviewing. It means a lot, and all your reviews are greatly appreciated (-:(-:(-:(-: In response to a Guest's review, there is a reason I have made the Bennet family's lives easier. You see, as the story progresses, there will be many challenges ahead for ODCs, and so this was done to make their path to it relatively easy in comparison. And there will be some minor arguments. Imagine the challenges in this story to be a monotonically increasing graph. It will give you a brief idea of the story. I hope that explains it (-:(-:(-:(-: Ending this here. I hope you enjoy the journey that awaits ODCs as much as I have in writing it! Thank you very much for your support! -Anny P. S.- This chapter's length was palindromic. Exactly 2882 words! Also, the longest chapter yet (-:
Chapter 3 The Assembly was a success. Do you not think so? The youngest Bennets certainly thought about how much they had enjoyed the evening. The topics of their discussions ranged from their dresses, the apparel of all their neighbours, the magic and decorations to the newest addition to their small Meryton community. The chatter soon leaked through the whole household and as Mr. Bennet had no wish to discuss the gowns, Mrs. Bennet didn't desire to discuss magic and neither Elizabeth, Jane nor Mary wanted to discuss the dancing partners, it was agreed that the girls should go for a walk. To clear their heads and to let the house be cleared of the noise. Some may think this all isn't important to the story. Well, I think it is. How much do You know about magic? The Bennets knew a lot. They lived with it, they sparred with it, the created new things. But they were also bound with it. The Elemental, also called Elder, Magic – not many Earthlings new why it was named, as no other "kinds" were "available" and so this was the only type of magic anyone could possess. The five Bennet sisters reached Oakham Mount in relative calm and silence, blushes spreading across their cheeks. Then, Lydia suddenly ran into the temple in front of them, threw a few sparks at Kitty and shouted: "Bet you cannot catch me!" Catherine, of course started after her sister. Mary and Jane – linked hands – walked to the edge of the small Oakham cliff to absorb some energy from the wind and look over the world. Elizabeth stopped where she was to look at the ruins before her. She liked this place, she felt home here. It was like her magic bonded with the old walls, the smooth stone, the indecipherable words and images around. According to her books, this had been one of the Elder Temples centuries ago. The Elders no longer used them, they still connected to humans, but preferred to keep their distance. The place was by no means towering over her, it had always been a small structure, cosy for a shelter seeking newcomer, homely for magical creatures already living here or nearby, secure for secrets. The walls were made of dark smooth stones, sometimes bigger than a grown man, other times smaller than a child's fist, fitted together like a puzzle. Where the structure wasn't destroyed, it was impossible to move one piece only, so well was the build designed. The inside – now completely without a roof, which was once held up by magical wooden slopes and buttresses – prided itself with a broken in half altar. As a contrast to the rest, the table was made with a single white mineral, that now laid on the ground in two pieces facing the opposite side. Elizabeth sometimes imagined an old tome to be kept and displayed on the altar. She was disrupted from her musings about the old times with Kitty's gush of wind that tugged at her hair. She smiled, but her face soon adopted a competitive expression. It wasn't long, and all five sisters were changed from friends to predators, as they eyed each other, hands prepared to cast spells. The ritual they were now taking part in was an old one. They had read about it many times, it had to do with a strange word called Love, which was also a word forbidden to speak aloud. Although their game didn't fill them with a warm feeling in their insides, as was described, they enjoyed the exercise. As much as the spells were supposed to come to them instinctively – according to the book – they had to concentrate hard in order to find them in themselves. At the end, they sat themselves around the altar to calm down. What they did wasn't very appropriate, but Oakham Mount belonged to Longbourn lands and no one in the Bennet's' circle of acquaintances wandered this far off the main road. There weren't many constants in the girls' lives, but this was one of the exceptions. It was over all, that not many people liked something enough to stay focused on it throughout their whole lives. Not even a person. Friends often came and went, family ties changed with different modes, clothing and objects were often thrown away, as very little things obtained and held a sentimental power to anyone. "I think I won this one!" proclaimed Lydia once her breath returned to a somewhat normal pace and she was able to speak, "I've told you many times over, that we – elements – are stronger than art." Kitty raised an eyebrow – something she learned from her second eldest sister and their Papa: "Is that so? We have all heard many times over how you are a fire and element magician. Meaning that you are stronger than all of us, yet Mary had to help you to get out of my spells. And I am only a lowly air artist." Sarcasm was a specialty of the Bennet's. Mary smirked, Elizabeth laughed, and Jane smiled serenely. "We all heard you screaming when Jane threw the dust at you, Catherine," retaliated Lydia. "Oh, no! Don't mess up my wind! You're dirtying my wind!" Jane decided to intervene before any more fights happened. "Well, I thought Elizabeth drew her flames especially artistically today." Lydia glared at her. "Jane!" cried the still in a good mood Lizzy. "I – for one – came, I saw, and I conquered you all!" quoted Mary Caesar cheerfully with her own little twist. Her satisfied expression upon being able to quote something, even though it made nearly no sense in this scenario was able to disperse the atmosphere between the sisters and they all laughed good naturedly. Quietly, calming down. However, they soon helped each other up, to go after their responsibilities. The scene was observed by several more eyes. When the Bennet Misses started their rituals, some of the Elders would come to guard that no Love was being created, but as nothing had happened, they slowly let their attention drop. Today's visitors, were, however, not from the rank of Elders. Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley were enjoying a late morning ride when they came upon five sparring women. As young as they were, they really looked like great sorceresses. Quietly observing, something pierced the men's hearts, but it disappeared quickly. The taller and darker gentleman noted, that from youngest to eldest, the Bennet girls were a fire elementarist, an air artist, an air elementarist, an air and fire artist and Miss Bennet was an earth and air artist. He himself was and air and water artist, while Bingley was a complete opposite – a fire and earth elementarist. The other gentleman noted other things. He saw how when the women were flying around their hair flew gracefully around their shoulders. How charming their movements were, how beautiful Miss Jane Bennet looked. It was not long, however, that both gentlemen noticed it wasn't very appropriate to observe five women in the midst of their magic from afar, neither was it appropriate from close up and so they regretfully turned away. Each one holding an image in mind. It was sad, really, how many humans married for money these days, thought Darcy. How magic was underrated in the ton and how many sacrificed so much of it for beauty, when in this small country town, the populace could pride themselves for magical assemblies, much friendlier than the ton's stiff balls and many handsome young women yielding magic like swords and being strong, fit and – happy, Darcy realised was the word. He fought of a near opposite to these women, his Aunt Lady de Bourgh. She held a high position in society as one of the Elevated – those who were connected to the Elders. She was an old dry peal of a woman encompassing a hating spirit, weak on its own but still having power over others and being able to cruelly use that power. But – she was also the norm. She was respected by the ton, she acted appropriate to her station. What has the world gotten itself to? Some call it "Murphy's law", but to the contrary of what Darcy thought, the thoughts of the Bennet girls were far away from the peacefulness of their assembly as their moods sobered with each step they took towards Meryton. Words slowly died on their lips and they stepped close to each other. A wrong step and the others would scowl at you. The growing tension around Meryton was palpable and it leaked between the sisters. They took even more care to tread carefully, when they entered the outer Meryton ring. As they walked between the jungles that were small gardens, no one dared comment in fear of breaking the safety they held between each other. Entering the Meryton streets, they formed a sort of a 2 – 3 formation and set towards their Aunt Phillips' home with a determined yet silent step. Looking around, not many people were out, which allowed the pressure to dissolve a bit. Mrs. and Mr. Phillips didn't boast of a happy household. It was no Bennet's joy to visit the two bitter people's home without having at least one more person as company. Firstly, to have a sort of support, secondly, two heads were more than one when it came to excuses and lastly, the old married couple were at their worst when they were together. Today it came to Elizabeth and Lydia to distract the grumpy Mr. Phillips, while Jane, Mary and Catherine went to collect some supplies from Mrs. Bennet's sister. As she was living in town, their Aunt was very good at negotiating and knowing the best times to buy anything. She prepared sometimes baskets for the Bennet household with all the necessary and unnecessary medication and many more various products. If one was to listen to the more poisonous tongues around town – except Mrs. Phillips' own – they may tell you that the two of them married only for money and that they haggled about it every second. The Bennet's knew that this was the sad part of the truth, but there was another kinder side as well. The couple was exceptionally good in handling money and any documents. Both of them knew always the best and most accurate news, as much as Sir William Lucas prided himself on knowing all. They were very compatible in these areas and when it came to business, they were most advantageous allies and most dangerous enemies, they became very kind at those instances, very calm and professional. "Auntie!" cried Lydia when they entered. The scowling face poked from around the corner with another one behind. "My girls!" Mrs. Phillips gave each of her nieces a kiss on the cheek before she was masterfully led away by Jane, trailed by two of her sisters. "And how is your day, Uncle?" smiled Elizabeth up at Mr. Phillips, who scowled only more. Lyddie and Lizzy weren't discouraged. "We saw the new Netherfield neighbours yesterday. Their lease is for a year, correct? So, how did the transaction go?" As the Meryton accountant, the Bennet sisters' Uncle was part of nearly all estate businesses and was eager to talk of them to his nieces, though more words never left the household – it was impolite and inappropriate to discuss professional and monetary transactions in the public. Plus, it would damage his precious reputation as the best in his profession in the country. Today, the girls were lucky to find a friendly topic quickly, with both their relatives, and when in an hour they were leaving the Philips' with several baskets, their steps were much lighter. Mrs. Phillips was content to supply them with endless details about the red coats that were to come to Meryton and young Miss King's ugly gowns and Mr. Phillips had several both interesting and concerning observations on the two young men that came to their neighbourhood – both of them were very careful around him and seemed reluctant to trust anything, only one of them was eager for non-professional discussions. It was not yet noon, yet the late morning's walk to Meryton was tiring for the sisters. They walked home, mentally preparing themselves for an afternoon visit to their tenants, trying and mostly failing to ignore the Long sisters arguing about the immortality of a cockchafer.
Chapter 4 Looking through my – or otherwise called Fate's – records of those days in Hertfordshire in the year 1811, it was often sunny for even a whole week and then the skies opened for the next one. However, no matter the weather, there was one inhabitant in the neighbourhood that walked out every day at dawn and came back after as much as several hours. Elizabeth Bennet was a peculiar human. Being free attracted her, many of the same magic as her – fire and air – liked stationary activities, felt most at home whenever in a hot but by no means stuffy place and were in these aspects similar to domestic animals, such as cats. In other aspects – as I so artfully call them – she was very human. Not fearless, not without fault or prejudice, moody and flying from one area of interest to another in mere seconds. For example, she did not trust many people. She knew, that they were fickle things. Yet, there were times when she did trust them – and as that did not always end well, she tried to have as much evidence of everything anyone said as possible. Sometimes she'd go to the person and ask them straight away, confronting someone could be hurtful, but Elizabeth, if she wished to, could be painfully honest. Secrets hurt people. And so, it was no secret that Elizabeth loved the ability to absorb wind, to let it play with her hair as she walked, and how she left her fire full reign inside her body – warming her up. A laugh bubbled up from her core, hands to the sides when in clearings, turning around to catch the Sun's rays. Her cheeks got a rather dashing red hue. When under the trees she ran like the wind, jumping from a boulder to another, breathing in the fresh morning air. It was this sight that greeted a certain Fitzwilliam Darcy, as he stood on the Oakham Mount cliff and studied the ruins before him. He was startled from his brooding by the said lady entering the clearing as much as she was upon doing just that and seeing an intruder there. I don't think any of them thought they would have company today, but that was no fault or doing of mine, I simply gave them the choice to go to here, without alerting the other to it. Coincidences happen – and more often than not, they make things more interesting and I am happy to be there to see them. Mr. Darcy, ever the gentleman, recovered first and made a deep bow: "Miss Bennet." That woke Elizabeth, who certainly didn't know what to think. She dipped him a curtsy in return, a "Mr. Darcy. Pray tell, what are you doing here?" on her lips, as she tried to tuck her hair back with the pins that fell askew during her morning exercise. "I fear I have been enclosed for too long and have decided to go on a ride," he nodded towards his horse, tied to a tree not far away, "now I am standing here studying this old temple. History fascinates me, madam, and it is not usual that one comes upon a Phoebe's Altar." In truth, Darcy had wanted to come here much more times than just today. He knew, that according to Jane Bennet, Oakham Mount was quite a site to see and the information that Miss Elizabeth walked here in the mornings was not without value either. However, every time he decided to wait to an hour late enough that he thought he could encounter the mademoiselle, his friend's sister Caroline woke up and demanded his attention. The rest of his days were spent avoiding that singular woman – or everyone except Charles Bingley, were he honest – and helping said man with some estate matters. "So, Miss Bennet, it is a pleasant surprise seeing you here. But, what are you doing this far from your father's estate this early? It is a several miles distance, is it not?" It was quite clear that Darcy was drying to converse with the lady, as awkward as his speech seemed. Elizabeth, on the other hand, gracefully ignored the comment of her being a pleasant surprise and replied: "Oh, but I believe that should be my question Mr. Darcy. Although I am not standing on Bennet land, Oakham Mount is part of the Longbourn estate. And – dawn is not early for me. We are in the countryside, sir, not London." "You wound me, madam, by assuming that I cannot recognise the beauty of nature from the darkness of cities. I am but a farmer – a shepherd - at heart." "Well then, if I were you, I would take precious care to where my sheep are, seeing that at least this territory is not known to you." Elizabeth smiled, as she subtly pointed out to the fact that Darcy did not know he was on Longbourn land. "Yet we have both come this far." "Two miles is not far, Mr. Darcy, certainly not if your sheep need good pastures!" "Then you agree with me that sometimes great distances have to be travelled in order to achieve a certain goal?" "Is that what we have been discussing? But let us continue; cannot long distances be travelled without a goal?" "I assume then that you have come here of your own will, madam, simply to walk?" "Yes, you assume correctly, Mr. Darcy, that I cannot take away from you, especially as it is what I have just remarked upon. And yourself as well?" The tall gentleman took a moment to collect his thoughts. "To be entirely honest with you, madam, I had hoped to come up on you here." "And you thought I was early?" Elizabeth didn't know quite what to think. "Why yes, Miss Bennet mentioned that you came here in the morning, but –" "So Jane gave me away! And you, sir, are here, because –? Seeing that Longbourn is only three miles from Netherfield, you could have ridden there wished you to talk to me." She would have to admit she was getting a bit more defensive than she should have, but it was not a nice surprise to learn that this man has been faking their dialog from the beginning and had some hidden agenda. "I had hoped to meet you, so I could apologise, once again, for my words at the assembly. But I see one more apology is needed. I give you my word, madam, that I have not been waiting for you to come here with any ill will. I have not even been waiting, my path simply led me here and fate had it that we met. It is only that I benefit from it, or so I thought." 'Twas no doing of mine, but anyway. Elizabeth – head held high – thought for a moment, before nodding solemnly. "Very well, Mr. Darcy, your apology is accepted." "You wouldn't be so cruel as to deprive me of your company, now would you, madam?" Darcy's smile was so innocent, that the mademoiselle decided to stay for a while and see how things continued. She however, was not quite done with holding a small something against the man. "Are you trying to flatter me? And on how many women has this worked before?" "Miss Bennet, rest assured that I am not paying you empty compliments, I am speaking the absolute truth." The said Miss blushed. "I do not want to make you uncomfortable, but the times are hard, and I cannot afford to have enemies within the ranks of women such as you. I abhor lies." "What are you trying to say, sir?" she was openly curious now. "That were you not tolerating of my company I may have died of boredom at the last assembly and if it would come to be the case that you don't provide me with an educated conversation, my withering away from ennui will be on your hands." "Is that a threat?" "No, rather a compliment." "Well, you shouldn't have been so arrogant about it. It sounded as if you assumed that everybody must like you and want to be in your company." A somewhat arch and mischievous expression nestled on Elizabeth's face, while Darcy had the grace to blush. "But do not worry, Mr. Darcy, for now I shall be your saving grace and I shall make it my mission to show you that there are several educated people amongst our limited Hertfordshire community." "I meant no offense." "I see that now, but what you meant was not what you said. Do others really bore you so, sir?" "No, just those who agree with everything I say because I said it and those who prefer to discuss the weather and roads, as if – if they complained enough, some higher powers would let the Sun always shine upon them and have rain do its work only above fields, not a foot to the side." Elizabeth let out a small laugh and Darcy marvelled at the sound. "I see pretty words are not exactly your parté Mr. Darcy, but I'll forgive you if you oblige me and talk of something you'd find more interest in." "Very well, what say you we discuss the architecture of this temple, it is right under our hands and so a convenient topic, I would say." As they talked, neither noticed they were both much less guarded around the other. Honest to a fault, sharing opinions, and laughing. Both of them became comfortable with the other and Darcy was not as quiet as he usually was in company. When the time came, Elizabeth dipped him a curtsy and left back home with a promise she would show him around at the next assembly, or at least shield him from boredom, while he would try his best to – under her tutelage – become better at conversing with strangers. Author's Note- Hello! Welcome back to the story! I would like to thank everybody who took the time out to read this story and even leave reviews! They make my day (-:(-:(-:(-: Your reviews mean a lot. I hope you enjoy the story (-: Have a great day/afternoon/evening/night! -Anny
Chapter 5 I am Fate. What you humans call "coincidence" or "good luck", it is all my doing. But sometimes, I get surprises as well. I put things into motion, but they take some unexpected and surprising turns. Well this was one of those times. It took five hundred years, but this time, it seemed like things were really going to work out... Mr. Darcy was beyond annoyed. They were going to be late, all courtesy of Miss Bingley. That woman took forever to get ready! Even Mr. Bingley's endless patience was wearing thin. He looked almost angry. The Hursts had come down with Darcy and himself nearly an hour back, and Caroline was nowhere to be seen. Darcy looked at his friend, and they both knew what was taking her so long; she wanted to be dressed well before Darcy. She wanted to show him that she would be a good wife for him. That, and she wanted the "country bumpkins" to see her in all her finery by arriving "fashionably late". The problem was, they were nearing the end of the time they should have left at to reach when she wanted to. The Hursts and Bingley knew that Caroline made Darcy uncomfortable, so they tried to protect him, and he was very grateful for that. "Let us leave." said Bingley, who did look angry now. An angry Bingley was not something one saw often, and so they all agreed without hesitating. "We will send the carriage back for her. She needs to learn to respect others." he said. The others had slight smiles on their faces, but hid them well. They were happy that he was taking a stand against his frankly overbearing sister. He rang for Mrs. Nichols. She came and he told her that they were leaving and would be sending the carriage back for his sister. He saw her surprised expression change into a smile, but she immediately schooled her features. He wanted to smile as well, but could not. But he gave his housekeeper a smile to show her that he was alright with her finding it amusing, and she relaxed a bit then. Then they left in the carriage in an improved mood, going slightly faster to reach earlier than "fashionably late". The Hursts could see that both were excited to meet two members of the Bennet family, and were happy for them. They smiled contentedly and soon, they were near the grounds of Lucas Lodge. Caroline looked one last time in the mirror before leaving her room. Picking out one of her best orange gowns, she wanted to look great for Mr. Darcy. She had yelled at her maid many times, reducing the poor girl to tears, and now she was finally ready. She looked exquisite! She knew that Mr. Darcy would not be able to keep his eyes away from her. She came out of her room dressed in her orange gown with an orange headdress, which had at least ten feathers sticking out of it. She walked down the stairs with her head held high. She entered the parlour, only to find it deserted. Confused, she rang for the housekeeper, who came in a minute, dropping into a curtsy. "Where is everybody?" asked Caroline. "They left half an hour ago Ma'am." was the quiet reply. "LEFT?!" she screeched. "What do you mean they left?" "They left for Lucas Lodge half an hour ago. Mr. Bingley said that he would send the carriage back for you." said Mrs. Nichols. Just then the carriage could be heard coming up to the house. With a swish of her skirts, a fuming Miss Bingley left the room to go to the carriage. The housekeeper heaved a sigh when she left and quietly laughed to herself. Nobody in the house liked Miss Bingley. Her brother was universally liked among the staff, and so was Mr. Darcy. Mr. Bingley for his happy manners, and Mr. Darcy for his quiet but respectful attitude. Even the Hursts were respected among the staff. With these thoughts, she went back to work. The Netherfield party, with the exception of one, entered Lucas Lodge. The two friends immediately went to look for their objects of interest after greeting their hosts. Nearly everybody had arrived, so it took them quite some time to spot the ladies, till they came across Miss Mary, who happily guided them to her sisters and Miss Lucas. After pleasantries had been exchanged, both Darcy and Bingley asked the Misses Bennet for the first set, which they happily gave. Then they asked Miss Lucas for a set each, which she gave with a smile. Charlotte quickly left under the pretext of helping her mother, giving her friends a wink before disappearing. The sisters nearly laughed at that before turning back to the gentlemen. "Where is Miss Bingley?" asked Jane. Bingley looked at his friend, and saw that he was trying to hold his laughter in as well. He decided to tell them the truth. "Well my sister took a very long time to get ready, and she is still probably doing that, so we left." he stated simply. The ladies stood with their mouths open in shock. He and Darcy were finding it difficult to control their laughter. Miss Elizabeth recovered first and started laughing, and was soon followed by her sister. "What will she think, you leaving her all alone?" asked Jane, worried for her. Bingley smiled at her and said, "She needs to learn to come at the right time and respect others." Then they could hear the pianoforte, and they went to the other room for the first set. When they entered, they saw Mary sitting on the piano. "I have heard that all of you play and sing." said Bingley. "Yes, we do." said Jane. "We all learned together." she said with a smile. "Will we get to hear you play?" asked Darcy. They had heard that the performances by the Bennet girls were always brilliant, and wanted to hear them together once. "Maybe." said Elizabeth, sharing a look with her sister. They were going to perform later, and it was a piece that Elizabeth had written with Lydia. The two gentlemen saw it, and before they could ask anything more, the set started. As they danced, both the couples felt like the world around them had disappeared. Sorry for interrupting the story, but do you see where this is headed? I had them dance together, but what happened next, it was something I had nearly given up hope for. Now if only Phoebe could see this…. The world around them disappeared, and only they were present in it. Never had they experienced something like it before. All too soon, the dance was over, and they came back to reality, confused as to how time flew by so quickly. Just as the gentlemen asked the other sister for the next set, there was a small commotion at the front door. It seemed like Miss Bingley had arrived, and she was not pleased. She saw the four of them standing together and angrily walked towards them, her face red. Everybody else just turned around and ignored her, though they were interested in the conversation that followed. "How could you leave me like that?" she hissed at her brother, who was trying not to laugh at his sister's attire. "Caroline," he said, managing to keep a straight face, "you need to learn to respect other people's time. These people are our neighbours, and we must be mindful of the time they called us at." "I do not care about them." Suddenly, he was not smiling anymore. He looked very angry, and even his sister was scared a bit. "You will respect them Caroline. They are my neighbours, and socially, they are of a higher standing than us. You should be grateful that they are so kind and open to someone lower than them." at this, she flinched, but he was not going to stop. "You will be kind to them and I will not hear you criticise anybody. If you do, I will send you to our Aunt in the North. And remember, I give you your pin money." With that, he walked away with the other three following him, leaving a fuming and embarrassed Caroline behind. Jane and Elizabeth looked at him in awe. They never thought he could be so angry, and they admired the way he had admonished his sister without creating a scene. His friend was immensely proud that he had done what was right and not let his sister control him. And the people who heard this conversation felt more respect towards the young man. Caroline however caught up to them and turned to Darcy when her brother was looking away. "So Mr. Darcy," she said in a saccharine voice with a fake smile on her face, "how was your dance? I am sure it was different compared to the ones found in the ballrooms of London." She was hoping for an ally in her criticism, but was to be sorely disappointed. "Indeed. I do not believe I have ever enjoyed a dance as much." he said, turning to smile at Elizabeth, who coloured but smiled back. Before she could say anything, they could hear the music from the other room, and the gentlemen exchanged partners for the second set and walked away, leaving her alone once again. This time, Kitty was on the piano, and she decided to play a very lively tune. The four of them had a lovely time, dancing in time to the music. Bingley found Elizabeth to be a very enjoyable partner and dancer, and he felt a brotherly connection to her. They shared good conversation. Elizabeth herself thought that she would not mind a brother like him. The same could be said about Jane and Darcy. He realised that his dance partner was like him in many ways. But he was surprised at how well versed she was with different topics, including estate matters. He suspected that their father had a hand in it, and it must be the same for the younger three as well. He realised that she would be a good match for his friend. Jane too had a nice time talking with him. At the end of the set, they were all laughing and out of breath, having enjoyed the set thoroughly, but tired after having danced the lively dance and having made conversation. The two gentlemen danced with the Miss Lucas and other Bennet sisters. They were surprised at how much the young girls knew, and were very impressed. It was time for the supper set, and they went back to their partners from the first one. Then they all sat and ate together. Caroline sat beside them and tried to join in, but was not very successful. After the dance, Jane and Elizabeth suddenly excused themselves, wearing matching grins on their faces. The gentlemen were confused at that, but a few minutes later they realised what was happening. The room where they had danced in had suddenly gone quiet, and they went there, Caroline trailing behind them, only to find the five Benne sisters near the piano. Lydia and Elizabeth were seated at the piano. Mary had a harp beside her. Jane and Kitty were standing behind them. Elizabeth saw them come in and smirked. Then they realised what the looks the sisters had shared meant. They were going to perform together! They looked around to see everybody with smiles on their faces. Even Caroline looked interested. Mary started playing on the harp. She played a beautiful melody for a few moments before Elizabeth and Kitty started playing on the piano. It already sounded lovely, but just then, Jane and Lydia started singing. They had beautiful voices, and the Netherfield party was left awestruck at how well the five of them sounded together. They were singing about the war, and how families had lost their sons to it. When Bingley saw Jane singing, something changed inside him, though he would not realise it now. Then Mary joined in, her voice blending perfectly. It was a melancholic yet beautiful piece, and it was performed with such emotion, a few people's eyes had become suspiciously shiny. Just before they reached the chorus, Elizabeth and Kitty joined it. On listening to Elizabeth's voice, Darcy closed his eyes with a small smile about his lips. He thought of his cousin Richard, in the war, and a single tear made its way down his face. His friend saw it and realised what he was thinking, and gave him a warm smile, which was returned. The melody picked up pace in between, which was when they started singing about how the battlefield was, constant fighting. It kept on building up till it suddenly stopped, and they sang about the people they had lost to the battlefield. Even they had tears running down their faces. At last, only Mary was left singing, and she held the last note, before her voice cracked and she stopped. The room was silent for a few moments before it erupted into applause for them. There was not a dry eye in the room. Even Caroline had to wipe away a tear, but she would not admit to it. Everybody went to talk to them about their performance and to congratulate them on having delivered yet another beautiful piece. Caroline walked away, but her brother had seen her take out her handkerchief to wipe away the tear that fell, and was happy. At last, the Netherfield party, save Caroline, could approach the five of them. "That was beautiful." stated Darcy, his voice a bit shaky. They all smiled at him and thanked him. "Indeed! There was not a dry eye in the room." said Mr. Hurst. "You made it difficult for us men to live up to the expectation of us being strong, making us shed a tear." he said. The others laughed at that. The Hursts then walked away, having told them again that the performance had been beautiful. "I must say, I have never heard this piece before." said Bingley, curious. "Elizabeth and Lydia wrote it." said Mary, and one could hear the pride in her voice for her sisters. They turned to look at the two girls, who had coloured and looked away, with wide eyes. They had not expected this. The two girls had composed it! "It was not just us." said Lydia quietly. "Jane and Kitty wrote the song while Mary wrote down the part for the harp." said Elizabeth. "We did nothing Lizzy." said Kitty. "Do not believe them for even a moment Sirs. They did everything. They wrote the song, composed the whole piece, like they have always done. We did almost nothing!" "That was a lovely piece." said Bingley sincerely. "Even Darcy cried." The girls looked at him in surprise, not having expected it from a man like him. "My cousin is in the Army." he said quietly, and they all nodded in understanding. "We will pray for his safety." said Lydia with a soft smile. The gentleman thanked her for that. After this, they all split up into different groups again. Darcy and Bingley remained in conversation with Elizabeth and Jane. Soon, it was time for them to go home. They all went and thanked their hosts for their hospitality. Everybody was tired and groups of quiet people left for their homes. In the Netherfield carriage, the friends informed the others how it was the sister who had composed the piece. Everybody was surprised, and Caroline was slightly jealous of their ability to do so, though she kept a sour face. The Hursts were very pleased and made a note to tell the sisters about how much more beautiful it made the song. They reached home and were in a deep sleep not long after. Sleepy girls with the parents entered the Bennet carriage. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet congratulated their daughters on yet another piece. Soon, they all reached home, and nobody felt like they could talk for longer, so they all trudged up to their rooms and fell asleep almost instantaneously. Elizabeth would be waking up soon for her walk, but she had no idea what one walk would do to her and how it would change things for the future….. Author's Note- Hello again and welcome back! First of all, to all the lovely reviewers, a big thank you from the bottom of my heart! (-:(-:(-:(-: Your reviews make me want to write even when my hands will not cooperate! I appreciate you all taking the time out to read it. Your reviews mean a lot (-: Now, I have a small challenge for you. Try guessing what will happen next. I had put a few things for you to think on in the story, made a few connections. Now I hope you will spot them! Let me know your thoughts! Have a good morning/afternoon/evening/night! You know what, have a good day! -Anny Edit- OHMIGOODNESS I had not realised that! Thank you so much Leslie E, you are the best! (-:(-:(-:(-:
Before going forth to the story, I, Ally, the author, would like to ask you, to forgive me, for the lengthy notes that I provide with this post. Please, don't be too angry. And Thank You all for reading, guests or otherwise, I care not. You are very welcome here! Thank You again! A.'s N: To the wonderful reviewers (and other awesome readers): First, can you please elaborate more on the story being like a summary, so that I can avoid doing it the next chapters? Second, so if you remember, Love is not only forbidden, it is not present in this world. Nobody knows what love is. Just read Ch4 once again, the one after the Assembly. When the sisters go for a walk together, the Elders come and make sure that no Love is being created between them. Even between sisters, there is no Love. They just care for each other a lot and are very close. Regarding what Bingley did, he initially spoke to her quietly, though it was not in some place away from the crowd like you said. He did not want to make a scene and did not. But when Caroline disrespected his neighbours, he could not be silent for long. The reason he left her behind was the fact that she was not showing the hosts and any of the members of the village, for that matter, any respect by being so late. Plus, he had put up with his sister for a long time, so it all came out like that. I hope this clears up some things for you (-:(-:(-:(-: and please let me know what about the format of the story you did not like, so that I can try to avoid it in the future chapters. Thank you for reading! (-: -Anny Chapter 6 Lexell had been very close, for he had been making sure Phoebe's altars were ready for the 500-year celebration the Elders had planned. It was very simple, very private for the Elders. Very precious. But as soon as he more felt than heard the word, he stopped mid-air. His head snapped towards the source. Like a hunter he followed it, his senses going mad. Lexell was joined by two others. Without a single word they arrived to look at the culprits. To observe them and guard them even. With the arrival of Elders to the town, however unnoticed this by itself may have gone, came a palpable change in the atmosphere. To mere humans, this felt like a powerful gust of wind that carried tension within, bad mood, negativity. Their surroundings thickened with the ancient presence. Sisters snapped at each other, brothers took to fists. Children threw tantrums in front of their parents and elders enclosed themselves into their old shells. Workers threw away their work or stopped paying attention enough to stab their fingers with a needle, while the ones at leisure stood up and walked away from their tasks, letting the doors smash closed behind them. Completely justified actions were being thought about guiltily. Good ideas were torn in fits of pique. And this all because of the attention of three Elders, who had stomped their way through the air to this shire. Thankfully, the longer they stayed, the more the atmospheric pressure dispersed. Allowing people to breathe normally, even peacefully. I have not been surprised when I was visited by one of these beings myself, but Lexell's looking amongst my pages – the Pages of Fate, made me uncomfortable. He did not see all that has come to pass, but he became angry still. Since Phoebe's Elder powers died, they have all become bitter, unhuman, sometimes even cruel and vicious. The Elders' open-mindedness as if never existed. Lexell's voice sounded like thunder to his two companions but was heard only as the wind by the humans below. "We have been summoned. Some worm was very close to having used the Forbidden Word. We must take care, lest this rebellion rises against us." And so, Lexell set his jaw proudly and menacingly, looked down upon Earth and frowned. Humans always made a mess of everything. His remembrance of Phoebe, who had been his friend before – before a Human took everything from her, stopped him from exploding in anger. The memory, meanwhile, the corpse of what has once been a smiling face of the Elderess Phoebe, stood in its home of clouds. She was no longer. She was just "it", a shadow in the sky. Even without her powers she saw all, she saw Lexell and the world beneath. She remembered what had happened five hundred years ago, she knew – she had been there. She was an empty shell now. And it closed its dead eyes for a millisecond, wishing for all and nothing. And for an even briefer moment, it conjured up a small sad smile on its face. Before I tell you more, let me tell you this: Phoebe did not want the Curse. She did it in her rage but did not expect things to go this far. And then as time passed, the Elders became controlling. In fifty years, they went from being the Guardians of the People, to tyrants. She begged me to help her lift the Curse. I have tried to for the past four hundred and fifty years but have not been successful. You see, I am just the catalyst who picked the wrong reactions to help her. But this time, it seems like things might work out. It looks like Phoebe's wait is over… Darcy had not been able to sleep well. He could not get Elizabeth's face out of his mind. Her smile, her beautiful voice when she sang. He had been awake for a long time, and when he finally fell asleep, she came in his dreams. He woke up and decided to go for a ride to clear his head. He went to the stables to find the groom had already kept his horse ready for him. He smiled and thanked the groom as he handed the reins to him and slipped him a coin. The poor man had to wake up before dawn so that Darcy could go for a ride, and he was grateful to him. He mounted his horse and set off, enjoying the wind rushing past him. Without realising that he was going there, he headed in the direction of Oakham Mount, to Phoebe's Altar. There, he came upon the object of his dreams, sitting on her head tilted up, and a small smile on her face. He thought she looked perfect. He slowly got off his horse, not wanting to disturb her. But there was a twig that snapped when he stepped on it, and she quickly turned her head in his direction. Hearing a twig snap, Elizabeth turned her head, only to see Mr. Darcy standing at a small distance, looking gorgeous, with his windswept hair falling in his face. "Good morning Miss Bennet!" he said, walking towards her, holding the reins of his horse in his hand. "Good morning Mr. Darcy." she replied with a smile. "I did not hear you come." "I did not want to disturb you and so got off slowly, but the twig betrayed me. I am sorry for disturbing you." he said, standing before her now. "Disturb me you did, but it was not unwelcome." She shifted to her left, and patted the space beside her, indicating for him to join her. He sat down, and she turned to look at the Sun that was just visible over the horizon. "It is beautiful." he said, looking at her. She turned to look at him. "It is. That is why I come here every morning. Everything feels so fresh and clear. And so quiet." "I ride every morning before dawn. For the reasons you said. It feels so pure, the air so nice and cool." They sat in companionable silence for a bit. "Your song was beautiful." he said sincerely. "Thank you." she replied quietly. She was quiet for a few moments before continuing, "My sisters and I learned together. All five of us can play and sing. But only Lydia and I enjoy writing songs." "I have never heard anything like it before." She thanked him again. "My cousin is in the Army." he said. "I worry for him, constantly. He is like my brother." He closed his eyes, obviously upset and worried. "He will be safe." she said warmly. "We have always been close. He was there with me when my Mother passed away. He and I share my sister Georgiana's guardianship." When she looked confused, he added, "My father passed away a few years ago." His eyes looked moist. "I am so sorry." she said, her heart breaking for the two siblings, who lost their parents so soon. "We tried our best for Georgiana, but we failed her." he said, a tear escaping his eye as he thought of how he nearly lost his sister to Wickham. Without thinking, she wrapped her arms around him, while he shook a bit as he cried more. She wanted to know what had happened, but could not ask him, especially when he was so upset about it. She patiently held him and waited for him to feel better. Then he slowly withdrew, but kept his eyes fixed on her, a strange look in his eyes. She looked back at him and felt like she had when they danced. She felt like everything else disappeared and only both of them were left. Suddenly, his horse neighed, and they both broke apart, looking away. "So," she said in a higher voice, "what is your horse called?" "Aslan." She took out an apple from her pocket, and went to the horse, who took it after a hesitating a moment. Darcy looked on in amazement. "He must like you a lot Miss Bennet." "And why is that?" "He never takes anything from somebody new." The horse neighed at that, as if voicing his agreement. She laughed at that. "Thank you, Aslan." she said, stroking his mane. She took a look at where the Sun had reached, and exclaimed, "I must be off now, or I will be late." "I hope I will see you soon Miss Bennet." he said as he took her and kissed it. She coloured before saying the same. "Thank you." he said before releasing her hand. She looked at him for a moment, and then with a small smile, turned around and headed back to Longbourn. She half ran and when she turned back, she saw him looking at her. Then she picked up her pace and ran back home. A.'s N 2: It has further come to my attention, that maybe the idea of No Love in a world is hard to explain. There's kindness and all other good and bad emotions, but there simply isn't Love. And I personally do not think a world can work like that. People would be too fickle, too moody, too lost in not having a single anchor of Love to show them their real homes. Sometimes, in writing, I am a single person. At other times, I am these two parts – one, a happy one, bursting with energy and positivity, with talking, with kindness that makes it so my characters forget about there not being any Love… and the second part, a much more sober one, one that would not be able to live in a world of No Love at all for she'd be torn right inside her heart, she'd be no one, she'd be lost,… and so she tries to show this madness of lack of Love through the wild gardens near Meryton that are not tended to, through the fear which seems nonsensical that the Misses Bennet have of the Meryton populace… One part cannot do this without the other. To explain "Love being forbidden" … Love no longer exists in this world. It has been five long centuries since the curse descended upon it, and now, Love exists in stories only. Old ones, forgotten. But, even without Love, the world must cope. Goodness must prevail. Otherwise, what would happen to the world? What…? Let there shine light upon the answers. -Alny
Chapter 7 When on one morning came a short note from Netherfield, Mrs. Bennet was ecstatic. Her bad mood left the instant she saw that it was an invitation for Jane. True, the sender was the obnoxious Miss Bingley, but getting her daughter to interact with her neighbours was what the matron of Longbourn wanted. "Oh, Jane, my Jane, you must go!" cried the mother. "It says here that Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy will be away, well, let us not care anything of that! You were invited in a very fashionable home, of course you shall go. Hill! Hill! Have Jane's evening dress prepared, the blue one! It makes her look so very beautiful!" "Mama," said Jane as she blushed. She was really happy that Miss Bingley invited her for dinner and it made her bad mood go away. Caroline Bingley even wrote that the two of them could play some music together. Jane knew Mr. Bingley's sister was a good person. She continued after she calmed a bit, "I do not think –" "No, Jane, you will look your best. And you shall have to go on Nelly! You will show everyone how accomplished you are, that you can ride a horse so well and –" her sentence was broken up, so this was yet another sentence unfinished. This time, it was Mr. Bennet with Elizabeth who walked in. Their bad moods lost from a verbal spar they had. "What is it my dear that has gotten you so worked up?" the Master of Longbourn asked tiredly. "Oh, Mr. Bennet! Jane has gotten an invitation –" Now Mary and Kitty walked in. They had obviously been working on their winds together as their hair stuck to all sides and they had red cheeks and the tips of their noses and ears, most likely from the cold breezes they sent at each other. "Good evening Mama, good evening Papa," they chanted. The bad mood these two had probably dissipated when they tired themselves out. "Girls, I was just explaining to your father," begun Mrs. Bennet, who was set on finishing this time, "that Jane got an –" Lydia burst into the room. Her bad mood still visible in all she did. "You are having a family meeting and you did not call for me?" cried the youngest Miss Bennet. The room sobered up in an instant, luckily, Mrs. Bennet had already a head full of ways how to show off her Jane. While the thick atmosphere from the Elders, about whom these little humans had no idea, started to leak into all the other Bennets' minds – to some slower than the other – the Longbourn matron's mind happily worked on details for her daughter's invitation to a dinner. And, thankfully, this Hertfordshire woman was not one to bottle up all her thoughts. In minutes, she opened her mouth again and started to chat away. Her enthusiasm, as obnoxious as it may sometimes be, was infectious at this moment. Jane's cheeks started to redden again, Elizabeth and her father shared a private Joke, Mary grilled her brains to find some quote to send into air and Catherine and Lydia listened to their mother eagerly. It was finally explained, that Jane received a note that said: "Dear Miss Jane Bennet, It would be indeed a great loss to me and my sister if you did not come to dinner today. We should be very unhappy if you decline. Maybe we can play a piece of music, share accomplishments. Come at six, the misters are dining at town tonight. Caroline Bingley" Of course, the note was nothing quite masterful and did not drop with any good or bad emotions, but Jane believed Miss Bingley meant well. Having a new friend in the lady from town was an exciting prospect. Especially, since Mr. Bingley was her brother. After the question of what Jane shall wear, came the question for transport. Mr. Bennet announced his part in the discussion by saying "I believe this is my cue to call for the carriage," but stopped by his wife. Mrs. Bennet was quite adamant on having Jane go on their horse – Nelly, to show off her accomplishments. The weather did not seem extremely fine and as usual, it could rain at any moment this time of year, but it was not a high risk in Mrs. Bennet's eyes. Elizabeth, however, thought to the contrary. "But Mama, should not Jane take the carriage? It would be safer and more comfortable for her." "Oh pish-posh, Lizzy. You are one to talk about safety? And we have taught you all about magic, so there is no danger, besides, the air is Jane's element, it will make her look better," and more firmly she added, "and earth is her element too. It is perfectly safe, I say." Chuckling softly, Mr. Bennet added: "Let it be, Lizzy, it would have to be a really gruesome rain for Jane to be hurt and we have not had a visit from the Elders in a while." He was hit in the head lightly by his wife. "No talk of the Elders, Mr. Bennet, this household will have nothing to do with them. Now, where was I?" and she continued to chat away. Little did Mrs. Bennet know that Lexell heard the conversation and saw the lone rider leave some time later. He was not one of the top seven Elders, but he was an adept at storms. He was already ready when Jane Bennet on Nelly left Longbourn and started to gather clouds. He and his two elder Elder friends spied the note sent from Netherfield to Longbourn and classified this communication as a potential threat. These two households should not be put together. D'Espesse was sent to alert and instruct one of the Elevated – humans that worked for the Elders – to send out inconspicuously a human secret agent to Longbourn. D'Espesse had done similar mission before and after a background check found exactly the Elevated he needed. The connections were perfect. They would hurt any potential alliance between the Bennets and Darcy. Now, for the Bingleys, D'Espesse devised a plan. The siblings were not the strongest and Charles Bingley followed Fitzwilliam Darcy around some, Louisa Hurst would stick with her sister and Caroline Bingley was likely to listen to an Elevated or follow Fitzwilliam Darcy. So, if Mr. Darcy was targeted, he would probably leave this county and the danger of a Human rebellion against the Elders would be, naturally, averted. And because this Mr. Darcy was a very powerful human worm, he had many weaknesses. D'Espesse knew exactly who else to invite to Meryton. While, Lexell was concentrating on eliminating any attraction at the moment and preparing for a storm that would hurt Jane Bennet and make her seem weak and dispensable and D'Espesse was calling for reinforcements – though he would never call it that – the third Elder of the group – a warrior called Nero – concentrated on the land around. Nero was a true Elder terraforming artist. One of the seven most powerful. He could move mountains, but that was not what he wanted. He was set upon destroying the Love that he perceived blossoming between the humans down below. He would manipulate them slowly and carefully and he would break them. He knew well the art of changing the circumstances, the surroundings and he knew these were the details that could change moods and thoughts. Lexell may have thought himself good at storms, but what Nero could do would most definitely be a change in the local atmosphere. Nero was Phoebe's Uncle, her Father's Brother. He saw the Elder break a thousand times over and the stick himself together in such a way, that he enclosed himself in his mind and would not let anyone in. Nero blamed Humans' emotion of Love, and an Elder's wrath was less than a pleasant thing to attract. Author's Note- Hello everybody and welcome back! First, I would like to thank all of you for taking the time out to read and review. (-:(-:(-:(-: I really appreciate and am grateful to you all. You make my day (-: It was explained in the last Chapter, but just writing it here again- I get that it is difficult to get used to the idea of No Love. You see, even when I write, I forget and then have to go back make changes, so you are not the only ones (-: In this world, Love existed before what happened to Phoebe. But over five hundred years, people have lost the meaning of Love. They simply do not know that something like it exists. You might say, then what about the Love shared by the sisters, by families. The thing is, there is an undeniable bond, but since the Elders have forbidden it, they just do not know what their bond truly is. They do not know how Love feels, because it has been forbidden. I hope that made sense XDXD I had to stop myself from going on! I hope you enjoy this. Lots of Love ( *gasp* ). -Anny P. S.- A second chapter coming right up! Happy Tuesday!
Chapter 8 Morning arrived, and with it came a note from Netherfield. Everybody had woken up early. The uneasy atmosphere would not let them sleep. Elizabeth took the note and started reading it before exclaiming out loud. "What happened?" asked her mother, concerned. "Jane is sick." At this, the whole family became quiet. Sick? That had not happened in years. Having magical powers, they had unusually strong immune systems, and so they never got sick. "She says that she has a terrible headache and cough. Mr. Jones was called for in the morning." "This is all my fault." said the matriarch, looking very upset. "Do not worry." said Elizabeth. "I will go and see what has happened." She got up and kissed the top of her mother's head. She gave a look to her younger sisters that said that they should comfort their mother, which they promptly did, taking her mind away from the note. He father followed her out of the room. "Something is not right Lizzy. Jane has been sick only once before, and that was twenty years back. I am worried." And he did look worried. "I will go and see. Do not worry." she said with an assuring smile, though inside, she felt worried herself. "You go to Mama." She quickly asked Hill to have her horse saddled while she went to change her boots. By the time she came back, her horse was ready. She quickly mounted it and set off towards Netherfield. Darcy had gone out for his ride. He was thinking about the events of the past day. Miss Bennet was sick at Netherfield. He and Bingley looked at each other in confusion. Knowing how skilled she was at magic, they were both confused as to why she felt like that. Both of them had immediately gone upstairs only to find her sleeping, though she did not look peaceful. Before they went out of the room, Mrs. Hurst gave them a look that said that she would take care of her, tough without the knowledge of her sister. The surrounding air also seemed tense and heavy, as if there was some powerful magical force that made things difficult for them. Though neither said anything, they knew what the other was thinking. Something was wrong. He was going towards the border between Longbourn and Netherfield, when he spotted a rider coming his way. The rider was far away, but was coming at a great speed. As the rider got closer to the fence, he realised that it was a female, as the hair was flowing as it had escaped the bonnet. The rider did a neat jump over the fence before continuing on. He smiled when he saw that. He did not know many people who could do that. And she was riding astride. That was a pleasant surprise. He encouraged his sister to do the same when they were at home in Pemberley. She seemed to have spotted him, and was making her way towards him. As she got closer, he was surprised to note that it was Miss Elizabeth, riding astride! Would she never cease to surprise him?! "Good morning Sir!" she said as her horse slowed down. She looked very tense, and he stopped smiling. "Good morning Miss Elizabeth." he said, thinking that she had never looked better. Miss Bingley would have a fit if she saw her like this, but he liked the way the exercise made her face seem more alive. "Is everything alright?" "My sister." she said. "Come with me." And with that, they both set off towards Netherfield. They quickly dismounted and handed their horses to the groom, and went inside, only to find the family at breakfast. The men rose up as she entered with him. "Good morning." she said as she curtseyed to them all. "I came to see my sister." "Yes of course. I will come with you." said Mr. Bingley. "I will take her." said his friend. "I have already broken my fast." Bingley nodded and they left. As soon as they were out of the room, Caroline started disparaging Elizabeth, but the others would hear none of it. Annoyed and angry, she continued eating, while counting the hours when Elizabeth would leave. Darcy had explained his suspicions to her as they walked up to her sister's room. They discussed how they all felt that there was something going on. They entered the room to find Jane awake. She gave her sister the biggest smile, and Darcy was again reminded of Georgiana. He had a sad smile on his face which the sisters noticed, but chose not to ask him about. "Thank you for bringing her to me Sir." said Jane giving him a warm smile. "Please do not thank me." he said with a bow. He started to leave. "Sir please wait a minute." said Elizabeth. "I feel as if we ought to tell my sister about what we discussed." said sister raised her eyebrow in a way just like Elizabeth did and Darcy had to fight the urge to smile. "Well in that case, we should tell Bingley as well." She nodded. Soon, all four of them were talking about it. As the hour grew late, Elizabeth started to leave, but when her sister wished for her to be close by, Miss Bingley offered her the room beside Jane's, though she was not happy about it. Elizabeth gratefully accepted, and a note was sent to Longbourn to ask for the sisters' clothes. The four of them parted after deciding that they would talk about it again at night, which they did. Soon, the house fell asleep, Elizabeth holding her sister. Author's Note- First of all, I AM SO SORRY! I said I would post the second Chapter in a bit, but then my Wi-Fi stopped working and I was unable to post until now. I am so sorry )-:)-:)-:)-: Thank you to everybody who reviewed, followed or favourited ( is that a word?!. XD )! I am sorry again. -Anny
Chapter 9 As has already been said, when it became clear that Miss Bennet was seriously ill, to the extreme disgust of Caroline Bingley, Elizabeth was invited to stay at Netherfield. Her mind was weighted down worry and with the addition of the Elders' heavy atmosphere that did not make a particularly cheerful mix. On the dawn of the following day, Elizabeth quickly dressed and after checking on Jane, swiftly crept down the Netherfield halls to enjoy a bit of the morning sun. The thick air did not make her feel very well and she hoped it will all be better outside. She did not plan to abandon her sister for too long, Jane still did not feel very good – it seemed as if she were recovering, but very slowly. Elizabeth stopped in the kitchens to ask for a maid to be sent up. To her distaste, even the morning breeze did not simply brush the heaviness away and so she sighed. Held her head up. Set her jaw. And marched out of the manor house's park to Oakham Mount. Her departure did not go unnoticed. Unknown to her, two Elders stuck to her heels and one tall gentleman ran from his room, down to the stables, quickly saddling up his horse. And so, the seemingly private conversation that occurred only sometime later was not as private as the two humans thought. Although, and you may take it as both fortunate or unfortunate, in the end, out of the four that took part, only two got a satisfactory result, while the others became burdened more than they already were. "Miss Bennet!" cried Mr. Darcy as he jumped down his horse. "Miss Elizabeth!" The addressed lady turned, and a careful observer would note that even though her shoulders did slump a bit with tension leaving, they still stayed up in a nearly en garde position. "Good morning, Mr. Darcy," said she, "and what takes you here at this time?" The tall gentleman flashed her a smile, came closer with his hat in hand, but then stopped nervously and shifted his weight from one leg to another. Elizabeth, who although pleased to see the gentleman had wanted to walk a bit more to lose the tension, raised her eyebrows. Darcy rushed to continue. "Miss, the given circumstances, ehm – due to the circumstances I felt, - I wanted," he cleared his throat, "Miss Bennet, will you consent to a courtship with me?" "I – I am honoured, Mr. Darcy, but what circumstances do you mean?" she looked confusedly up at him. Mr. Darcy, who felt lighter that he had said what he wanted, was calmer now. "Well, seeing that we both have agreed on there being something dangerous around, and that you have no connections to Elevated nor Elders and that I have enjoyed our time together: As a gentleman, I would of course protect you. As much as you would benefit from the match and I would have to provide for many things, I have decided that our courtship and then marriage would be benefitting for me as well." Miss Elizabeth frowned, and Mr. Darcy hasted to add: "I know our magic is not of the most compatible types, but it will only add to the heritage." Her now aching head told her what she perceived as a satisfied expression the man had planted on his face did not sit well with her. She took a deep breath. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Darcy? I should consent to a courtship with you, because of your connections to the Elevated and to the Elders?" "And your lack of, that is." added Darcy unsurely. "I do not know you well enough, Mister, but I am not some light woman that will decide on my future just due to some benefits! And what about friendship?" "But – ". "No, Sir, I" with emphasis on the 'I', "am talking now. Yes, I had thought we were friends, but now I hear, that as my sister is ill – due to some connections – you ask me for a courtship to be able to help? That is no sign of friendship, Sir! "You say that a match with me would require you to provide many things for me? Well yes – if you mean that you would be taking me away from my family with only my dowry! And, what was it you have said? That the marriage would be benefitting for you as well? You are not talking of a match – you are talking of circumstances, not the pairing of the mind and body. And about adding magic to heritage? That is a pathetic sentence if I have ever heard one! "So, I wish I could show some gratitude or apologize, which I cannot, but I. Do. Not. Accept!" The air was positively suffocating now. Elizabeth's chest hurt, probably from how hard she was breathing, it was definitely not her heart. Her neck contracted, and it pushed tears into her eyes. She looked with a pained expression to the rejected gentleman's eyes, then turned on her heel and ran off. The man did not fare much better. All the blood was pushed out of his head. A slight tremor made itself known in his long fingers. The forest around seemed menacingly dark, even supercilious in its gloomy and obscure glory. The cliff was invitingly tall. The nature was frowning. The ground was far from soft. And the air – Nero the Elder bared his teeth in a cruel smile. Manipulating with the countryside really was his speciality and the sombre atmosphere only insured Elizabeth's anger at Mr. Darcy's unfortunate choice of words. Of course, the young man had "connections" in mind, when just yesterday he has received a letter from his Aunt – Lady Catherine de Bourgh – who thought as an Elevated of naught else than how to be close to the Elders and how to please them. Even though he did not agree with his Aunt, years of hearing her talking about how good it was having these "connections" and the letter he had received completely messed up what he had wanted to say. And the fact that the atmosphere was thick and stifling, did nothing to aid his already muddled thoughts. This however, was no fortune's doing, nor mine – Fate's. This was the D'Espesse's doing. Lady de Bourgh was now only a pawn in this game, she provided a weapon for the Elders but would be easily discarded after losing her value. The arrogant woman felt herself being of an exalted status, floating among other Humans. This was no surprise, the Elevated often held similar views, but this particular woman, the owner of Rosings Park, the daughter of the Earl of Matlock, was positively imperial in her lack of consideration to anyone but herself. A.'s N: As dark as this chapter may be, I am feeling cheerful, so: Hi everyone! And thank You for baring with this story, tagging along, reading and making yourselves known! There's this one simply delightful fact that I wanted to share with you – I sometimes use computer programs to check for grammar mistakes and do you know what is offered to me instead of "D'Espesse"? It is "despise". I think it quite fitting. Still, D'Espesse the Elder is a character in my mind of such a magnitude, that he magnetises me. I may have to do something with myself, but I am in a good mood now and only an end is missing here, so: Despite D'Espesse and my weird attraction to him, I wish you all the best! I hope your mood gets as happy as (or more than) my own and I leave you all with the Vulcan farewell: Live Long and Prosper, - Ally
