Hi! I'm new to Pride and Prejudice but I fell in love with the story and the characters most ardently to the point where my brain started coming up with little stories about Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy here and there. Anyway... English is not my first language so forgive my mistakes and I'm still researching about manners and behavior regarding Regency Period so feel free to correct me if I am wrong. This story is NOT Historically Accurate though I will try my best to make my facts right. This story is product of my overactive imagination so please refrain from copying. (It may be only tolerable– but it's mine!) WARNING: It will be very different from canon. NOTES: Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy are younger here than Canon. Elizabeth is eighteen and Mr. Darcy is almost twenty-six. As to why, I have my reasons. Now without further ado, enjoy or at least… try to :) It is a truth universally acknowledged that smiles from Fitzwilliam Darcy of Derbyshire were elusive. Not once had the Ton seen him enjoy a ball or a gathering. His countenance was the likes of his father and grandfathers before him. Stern. Formidable. Silent. So naturally, when Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam – Darcy's cousin and closest confidante –entered his cousin's study and found said cousin sorting out papers with a light smile plastered on his face, the Colonel was stunned. It only added to his great surprise when Darcy greeted him with a lighter tone than usual and motioned for him to sit. Richard could do naught but sit down and stare as his cousin poured him a glass of brandy. Finally breaking out of his trance, Richard furrowed his brows at the single glass on the table which Darcy pushed towards him. "No cups for you Darce?" Darcy only shook his head and smiled. "No, I don't think I'm in need of it." His younger cousin's reply only served to Richard's greater confusion. What has happened? Of course, he had seen Darcy smile before; they were as close as brothers after all. But Darcy never smiled more than once in a day. It was a like a rule! "Are Aunt Anne and Uncle George returning to Pemberly soon? Have you heard from Georgiana today?" Richard could not help but ask, for surely his immediate family could only be the reason (other than the Colonel's stories and jests) for 'the elusive Darcy smile' to appear on more than one occasion in a spun of five minutes. But as far as he knew, Darcy's parents and sister were still going to stay in Scotland for at least another month. "No, Richard. As you well know my mother insisted they wait until next month to return. I thought you knew about this already?" "I did, but I thought I have to make sure seeing as you are acting strange today." Darcy looked at him in confusion. "Strange? How so?" "I suppose it could be considered a normal behavior for most but I've never seen you smile, no matter how small, for no reason at all." Darcy froze at the Colonel's statement. Had he really been smiling? Was that why the house servants had been giving him odd looks all day. If so, why hadn't he noticed? But he went out today, was he smiling earlier when he left his house? Surely he was not. The only time he knew that he smiled was this afternoon at Hyde Park. His smile could not possibly last for hours, could it? What would his father say if he let his mask slip in public? "You do not have any idea that you were smiling, have you cousin?" Richard's question brought him out of his thoughts. Darcy was instantly alarmed at the look his cousin sent him. He knew Richard and that look could only mean trouble. "Now tell me, cousin. How was your day exactly?" Groaning inwardly, Darcy sighed and sat on the chair across his cousin. He knew that he could not escape Richard's curiosity. Even if he tried to, his cousin would still manage to get his answers. Choosing the lesser of the two devils, Darcy decided to give in. Perhaps he needed a drink of brandy after all. -p&p- It was after Luncheon earlier that same day, when Ackerman the Darcy House's butler, announced the arrival of Mr. Charles Bingley – one of Darcy's closest friends. Unfortunately for Bingley, Darcy's Aunt and cousin also happened to be in residence. Lady Catherine de Bourgh was not fond of Mr. Charles Bingley at all. And contrary to what many may believe, it was not due to the young man's roots from trade. Though that was still a factor, the main reason why Lady Catherine disliked Darcy's university friend was because of his character. A man who smiled too much, Lady Catherine can tolerate. (She can, after all, tolerate her parson who was an odd mixture of almost everything intolerable.) But a man at the age of three and twenty who was indecisive and easily swayed by others was something, in Lady Catherine's opinion, that was not to be borne! So when Mr. Bingley started talking along the lines of leasing an estate in a small county called Hertfordshire located on the South and was about to ask her nephew for help, Lady Catherine de Bourgh immediately joined the conversation. She started with telling them about what a coincidence it was for her parson was also preparing for a trip on the area. She then kept on talking and talking jumping from one topic to another – a technique she learned from a friend that was quite useful – before ending with a generous offer. "My Anne would make a wonderful mistress of a big estate and Netherfield does not sound that big at all. Oh, it would be perfect for practice." At the gentleman's puzzled look, Lady Catherine continued, "Is that not what you were going to tell my nephew? That you were inviting him for his assistance regarding the estate along with my daughter Anne to act as its Mistress?" While Anne de Bourgh was normally quiet in company, she knew the look on her mother face when she was scheming something. And upon analysing the situation and the hidden hopeful expression of her cousin – that almost made her laugh – she decided to help her mother. "Is my mother correct Mr. Bingley? Am I to practice managing an estate? It was so generous of you to give me such an opportunity." As much as Lady Catherine hated it when Mr. Bingley could not man up and say what he wanted to, the trait does serve its purpose and Lady Catherine could not help but smile inwardly at the young man's almost spluttering reply. "Of course, Lady Catherine, I suppose my sister, Caroline, shall also learn many things from you and your daughter." Lady Catherine almost could not supress an eye roll at the word 'sister'. The mentioned sister was why Lady Catherine was doing this after all. She would not let some greedy shrew get its claws on her nephew. So with a small smile at her successful plan, she clasped her hands and said, "It is settled then." After Bingley had left, Darcy gave his Aunt Catherine and cousin a grateful look (to which the two ladies only laughed at) and told them that he was going out for a ride. He rarely went out whenever he was in London for fear of encountering unwanted company. However, seeing as it was most likely to rain, he decided it would be a perfect time to head out. Darcy need not worry of getting sick for he has always loved the rain as much as Boreas, his trusted steed. Years of riding together in the rain had made them both immune. -p&p- "You know Darce," began Colonel Fitzwilliam with a smile, "as interesting as it was to know what Aunt Catherine did to rescue you from the claws of Miss Bingley, I know for certain that it wasn't enough to make you act like this." Much to the Colonel's amusement, Darcy sighed, got up from his seat and got himself a glass of his own brandy before proceeding with the story. -p&p- Darcy's prediction about the weather was correct and as he had expected, not one person can be seen when they reached Hyde Park. Or so he had thought… for not more than a minute of their arrival, he heard a familiar tune being sang. He instantly held Boreas on his tracks. He could not make out the words, for it was raining heavily, but there it was. At first, he thought his mind was playing tricks on him because he saw no one was there except for Boreas. Shaking his head, he looked up at the sky and watched the rain pour down. That's when he caught sight of her... She was sitting on a branch of a tree with her back facing him. Her cloak was a dark green, blending in perfectly with the leaves and if Darcy did not hear her sing, he was sure that he wouldn't know her presence. As he listened to her, questions began to plague Darcy's mind. What was lady doing out here in the rain? He was near enough to determine that her cloak was made out fine fabrics so he assumed he was a lady of some means. But if that was the case, why was there not a maid or a footman to accompany her? And why was she up in a tree? It was not lady-like to climb trees. Lost in his thoughts, Darcy did not realize that the lady had come down until she was standing on the bench beside the tree. As if only realizing she was not alone, the lady let out a sound of surprise making her fall out of the bench if Darcy had not come in time to steady her. Darcy was about to inquire if she was alright when her eyes met his. They stared at each other for quite some time before the lady lowered her head. "I thank you, Sir, for your assistance." She said removing herself from his hold. "I believe my companion must have now noticed my absence and a search party was now probably looking for me." The end she said with a laugh that caused Darcy to smile. "Can I be of any assistance to walk you home, madam?" "I thank you for your offer but you need not fret Sir for I am sure I shan't stumble on my way home. Goodbye." With that, she curtsied and left. -p&p- "You mean to say that you are infatuated with a lady because of her fine eyes?" Richard asked as soon as Darcy finished his tale. "This is priceless!" laughed the Colonel when Darcy merely nodded to confirm his question. "Do you think your father would approve of your choice?" "I thought only a lady's imagination is rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment." Richard pretended to be offended at being compared to the gentler sex but Darcy ignored him. "By the fabrics of her cloak alone, she seemed to come from the first class of society." "So Uncle George would approve then?" Richard did not need a response for he knew enough about his Uncle and Darcy's silence what the answer was. "Are you planning on meeting her again?" "Perhaps." "Then, cousin, I must leave you to meditate more on the very great pleasure which a fair of fine eyes in the face of a pretty woman can bestow. I believe dinner is ready and I am famished." And as the door to his study closed, Darcy was left alone with his thoughts once again. -p&p- About ten years ago, one cloudy day in October, Claire Bennet lay quietly in her bedchambers at the Longbourn Dower House. She knew her time was coming to an end. Never had she expected that she would soon say goodbye to the world without even reaching the age of seventy. But then again, she never expected to be ill. Had this happened in her early thirties, she would not be bothered by the prospect of dying. After all, there was a time in her life when she wanted nothing but to leave the mortal world. However, now, there was someone who needed her. As if on cue, she heard light footsteps approaching her chambers. Claire watched as the door of her room opened ever so slightly and moments later, music in the sound of the pianoforte reached the room. The sweet child who was sharing her melody with her was the very reason why Claire found it difficult to leave. Elizabeth, or Little Lizzy as she fondly called her, was everything Claire wished for and wanted in a granddaughter so the thought of parting with her pained Claire. Little Lizzy has been in Claire's care since infancy and the two of them were inseparable; Claire was not just Little Lizzy's doting grandmother but also her first teacher, governess, companion, confidant, and friend. If Claire died now, how would Little Lizzy fare in the world? How can her dear granddaughter survive Fanny Bennet's censure? What will happen if Fanny becomes physical in abusing her Little Lizzy? And what of Thomas? Knowing him, he would always choose the easy way out. And Lizzy's sisters, surely they would be too scared to disobey Fanny when it came to Lizzy. "Did you hear me practise, Grandma?" The sweet voice of her darling granddaughter interrupted her thoughts. Little Lizzy was grinning at her adorably and only continued talking when she nodded yes. "Mrs. Winters said that music can make people feel better so I played for you. I thought that you shan't be sick anymore if I played just right so I was ever so careful not to make mistakes." "Such a dear girl you are my Little Lizzy." Claire smiled and opened her arms for her granddaughter, to which Lizzy eagerly stepped into. That night, after putting Little Lizzy to sleep, Claire asked for some writing materials to be delivered in her chambers. She will not let Lizzy suffer and even in her grave Claire will make sure that her granddaughter was well looked after. And so, she started listing the adjustments she had to make on her Last Will for her visit with her solicitor on the morrow. Fanny Bennet may try to make Lizzy's life miserable but Claire will counter it in every possible way she can. First, Elizabeth will only have the finest clothes and the latest of its fashion. A Footman and an Abigail will be hired just for her. Lizzy will also continue to study with the Masters Claire had hired since Lizzy was four. Sandra Winters will still be Lizzy's companion so someone will be able to shield her from Fanny's nerves. Claire will also see to it that Lizzy can spend time with the Gardiners in London whenever she pleases. And lastly, Claire Bennet will leave all her assets and saved fortune to eight-year-old Little Miss Elizabeth Artemis Bennet. So, what do you think? I changed the format because I've encountered some reviews that readers are having difficulty with the time line. Was this better?
I was planning to update this story earlier but we have exams and my Mom would ground me from using gadgets if I got a low score in any of my subjects so this was only posted today... Anyway, here's Chapter Two! NOTE: Since the format has been edited, few alterations were made in the beginning of the flashback and Elizabeth and Darcy's conversation – only near the end, I was planning for that discussion to be for another chapter but it helped eased the transition in this one (I think) so I placed it here. Other than that, nothing has change. Enjoy :) "Lizzy, are you still unwell? You seem out of sorts these past few days." After staying out in the rain three days ago, Elizabeth had caught a cold. Luckily, it was not accompanied by fever or else her Aunt Madeline and Uncle Edward would not let her out of their sights again. She could only be thankful that her Aunt and Uncle along with Mrs. Winters were not mad at her for sneaking out. But if the day in the rain was not her birthday, she was sure that the three of them would have, at the very least, scolded her. "I assure you that I am quite recovered, Aunt." She did not want to worry her Aunt but Lizzy could not help but be lost in her thoughts. Her mind was frequently – and unconsciously – making her remember that day in the rain and the gentleman whom she encountered. It was starting to irritate her, the flashes of the memories from this year's first day of September. Yet, at the same time, she could not fault herself for wondering about the first ever man she had talked to in the London society. "If you say so dear, but you are still refrained from venturing outside." This was said in a gentle but firm tone to which Lizzy only nodded in understanding. While she only had to deal with a cold from her 'unexpected' walk, Mrs. Winters had gotten a fever because of it. And though Mrs. Winters' fever broke out yesternight, she was still not well enough to do her duties as Lizzy's companion. Madeline sighed at her niece's frown. It was really hard for her to deny Lizzy, who was like a daughter to her, anything. "However," Lizzy perked up at this and Madeline hid an amused smile. "If you are up for it, you can accompany me to your Uncle's Warehouse today." The smile that appeared on Lizzy's face was answer enough. "Come now and get dress. I will be waiting for you in the drawing room." After eating the last bit of her food, Lizzy kissed her Aunt on the cheek before practically running upstairs to change her clothes. -p&p- The Gardiner Warehouse used to be a small warehouse located near Gracechurch Street no more than eight years ago. Over the years, the Gardiner's business grew and so, their warehouse was expanded and relocated. After entering from the passageway specifically made for the Gardiners but before heading to Uncle Edward's study, Aunt Madeline gave Lizzy permission to roam around. During her visits in London, the Gardiner Warehouse was the only place outside the Gardiner's Residence that Lizzy could explore without having anyone to accompany her (but only at times like this when her Aunt could tell that she's not acting like herself, otherwise her Abigail and Mrs. Winters would be with her). Like the paths in Longbourn, Lizzy knew the warehouse by heart and one of her heart's comfort were books so she headed to the part of the warehouse where the books that her Uncle will export were placed. Due to her Aunt and Uncle's fear of falling under the wrong hands of people such as highwaymen and the cruel kind from the Ton, her adventures in London were very limited. Lizzy could not blame them for being overprotective though. About three years ago, her Uncle was targeted by a powerful gentleman, who was a business partner of an Earl at the time. It turned out that said man had been deceiving and stealing money from the Earl. When her Uncle Edward had exposed the man's misdeeds, he had been a threat in the Gardiner's life for months to the point that Lizzy was not allowed to visit her favorite relatives for more than half a year. Two years prior that, her Aunt and Uncle lost their second child when they were attacked in their carriage. In her distress, Aunt Madeline had a miscarriage and has become anxious for all of their safety ever since. It was her Aunt Madeline who convinced her Uncle Edward to have a private entrance – as well as hidden passages – to be put to the new Gardiner's House and Warehouse. (Those things have proven their use when her Uncle was being hunted by the former business partner of an Earl.) Because of these events, Lizzy knew that it was not impossible for her to be a victim of said kinds of men. If not for her relations with the Gardiners, then they would be after her for her inherited wealth. Albeit, she has yet to have access to it, it was better to be cautious. Despite of these restrictions in Town, Lizzy still cannot decide which place she preferred; being confined in London with relatives that loved her or walking freely in Hertfordshire with a family which half the members only tolerated her. At least Longbourn's tenants liked her… And there was also Charlotte Lucas, John – Before Lizzy could ponder more on her thoughts, a voice interrupted her. "Excuse me, Madam, but I believe the book I need is placed on the shelf behind you." Turning around, she stifled a gasp of surprise as she came face to face with the stranger. He was tall, with black curls framing his face and those familiar deep blue eyes… This time, she couldn't hide the gasp that escaped her. He was the same handsome stranger whom she had met that day in the rain… Gathering her wits, Lizzy straightened her posture. "Pardon me, Sir." She began, moving away a little from the shelf. "Perhaps you could tell me the title of the book you require so that I may be of help to your search." There. That did not sound like she had fleeting thoughts of him since their first meeting, did it? Besides, for all she knew, he might not have remembered her. Instead of providing a book title, Lizzy was surprised at the gentleman's reply. "I hope the rain didn't get you sick?" So he did remember her… "Only a cold but it was gone now." The gentleman nodded. "Now, Sir, would you like some assistance in finding the book you are looking for?" Lizzy did not exactly know what she was doing – why she was pestering the unknown gentleman in front of her and offering her assistance in finding his desired book. The only thing she was certain was that she was curious and intrigued. He was the first gentleman she had 'met' in London. (Lizzy spying on Jane's 'suitors' every time her sister visited with her does not count.) After all, her Grandmother's Will stated that Lizzy should not be out in society until she was at least eight and ten years of age. And the day in the rain was the day of Lizzy's eighteenth birthday. She was just fortunate enough to encounter the handsome gentleman on the day she could finally be able to study the different people in the society outside of Hertfordshire, nay Meryton. One of Lizzy's delights was studying the character of a person. She always challenged herself if she was a good judge of character. When she was younger, she remembered laughing at the antics of the people around her just like her father. However, when her Grandma Claire found out about it, she was not happy at all. Lizzy's Grandma told her that; while it was alright to find some people's actions amusing, she should not make fun of them. Grandma Claire also told Lizzy that she should never generalized a person by their class nor should she judge them too quickly. And because Lizzy started helping with Longbourn's tenants at such a tender age, she mostly knew how to deal with different characters of people. And by how she rightfully predicted how horrible Jane's first suitor was, Lizzy prided herself for knowing if a person had good intentions or not. This was why she was intrigued by the gentleman who found her in the rain. She had noticed, albeit vaguely, that he brought his horse with him on that rainy day and neither rider nor horse seemed bothered by the rain. What was a gentleman, whom she assumed belonged to the upper classes of society, doing out in such weather? Did gentlemen in his class always talk to unsuspecting ladies wherever they go? "Are you a regular customer of the Gardiners?" His question snapped her out of her wool-gathering. Perhaps he found it strange to see a young woman in the Gardiner Warehouse. After all, only a selected number of people were allowed inside. Normally, her Uncle and his associates would deliver the orders to nearby stores like the fabrics for Madame Gertrude's. Nonetheless, Lizzy did not want to tell the stranger that she was the Gardiners' niece. Not only would her Aunt scold her for talking to a stranger, a man no less, but also because Lizzy still did not trust the gentleman in front of her yet. "You may ask a question which I may choose not to answer." Summoning all the impertinent side within her to hide her avoidance at his question, Lizzy raised her brows at him. "Now tell me, Sir, do you always answer a question with one of your own?" At the lady's question, Darcy felt himself color in embarrassment. How was he supposed to give her a book title when he had forgotten said title the moment he recognized her? Hence his behavior of answering her questions with queries of his own. He was trying to change the topic but it was of no use! But alas, he was never good in social situations. Not even when said situation only involved himself and a stranger. A stranger with bewitching green eyes at that… Wanting to end the awkward silence and for fear of embarrassing himself if he could not provide an answer, Darcy instinctively pulled out a book from the shelf, where the unnamed lady was standing by some moments earlier. "What an unusual choice." He heard the unknown lady from beside him mused. "I thought a gentleman such as yourself would not choose a novel for a reading material." That's when he looked at the book in his hands. "Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded."[1] Of all the books he could have taken from the shelf it has to be a novel… but at least it was a good novel. Heaven forbid if it was a scandalous one like "Fanny Hill."[2] Not that Darcy read that book or its kind. He only came to know of its existence because of George Wickham, when he and Richard were searching the scoundrel's room for evidence to use against that good for nothing – Darcy shook his head. Now was not the right time to think about George Wickham… not when an unknown lady whose fine eyes was looking at him with amusement. He shifted his gaze to meet hers again, "And what would be your choice of reading material, Madam?" "Oh, there are many things I have the pleasure of reading but as of late, I found this book…" she reached out for a book above the shelf beside her and showed it to him, "…engrossing." "The Complete Farmer: Or, a General Dictionary of Husbandry,"[3] he read aloud. "Yes, it helps me a lot in managing my father's estate." Managing her father's estate? This caught Darcy's interest. Not only does this unnamed lady beside him possess the most bewitching eyes, but it seemed she had a fascinating personality as well. "What an unusual choice." He said, eyes on the book, then his gaze met those eyes again, "I thought a lady such as yourself would choose a novel for a reading material… or perhaps, of plays and poetries." "Oh yes, I do love reading the Bard's plays as well as other writers' works, but I must admit to finding the least pleasure in reading verses of poems," as she said the final words, he noticed that her smile faltered a little. Curious at her expression, he asked, "But I thought poetry was considered "the food of love"? And that was why it is generally liked by all, especially women." "Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away." -p&p- More than two years ago, Elizabeth's opinion on poetry was different. She dearly loved to read, and at times when she has little time to do so, sonnets and short poems were the perfect choice – it did not require too much time reading and she could sharpen her mind by deciphering its meanings. It was about a fortnight after Jane Rose Bennet's eighteenth birthday when Lizzy's feelings on poetry began to change. With Fanny Bennet's insistence, Jane will be spending a month in London with Lizzy and the Gardiners. Though her Aunt Madeline was still wary after the mishap with the Earl's business partner and was still not comfortable with receiving unfamiliar callers, Lizzy had persuaded her Aunt to grant Fanny Bennet's request – but only after explaining that Lizzy saw this opportunity as a way to get closer to her elder sister. Their mother had always made sure that her favourite daughters – namely, Jane and Lydia – were separated from her least favourites. This is why Lizzy was never close to both her eldest and youngest sisters. Mary, the middle child, was whom Lizzy was closest with. Their fondness of playing the pianoforte and love of reading united them. At first, Mary preferred Fordyce's "Sermons to Young Women,"[4] but after many times of reading with Lizzy, her choices of reading material widened. Lizzy and Mary would spend their time together either playing duets or debating with their Papa in Mr. Bennets Study. The next sister closest to Lizzy was Katherine or 'Kitty' for short, the second youngest among the Bennet sisters. They bonded over Kitty's adoration for animals – mainly to Apollo, Lizzy's Steed – and Kitty's interest in fashionable clothing. Lizzy would buy fabrics for Kitty to experiment with and when their mother was not aware, she would also let Kitty ride Apollo. Lizzy remembered being close to Jane as well, back when they were four or five. She wanted her and Jane to be like that again. She wanted to be close to all her sisters, even Lydia who sometimes annoyed Lizzy. However, things don't always go as she wanted it to be and Jane's first suitor had proven that. [1] Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded is an epistolary novel by English writer Samuel Richardson, first published in 1740. It tells the story of a 16-year-old maidservant named Pamela Andrews, whose employer, Mr. B, a wealthy landowner, makes unwanted and inappropriate advances towards her after the death of his mother. Considered by many literary experts as the first English novel, Pamela was the best-seller of its time. The feminist movement was beginning and the perception of women was changing from women as housebound housewives to women as intellectual and independent people. Industrialization resulted in a large increase in the middle class which changed the dynamic of class. Pamela was one of the first pieces of literature to present these changing roles and represent women as moral and intellectual people who are capable of their own thoughts and emotions and not dependent on issue of class ascension is also addressed, as Pamela herself moves through classes during the novel. This drew the attention of many people, and is a large reason why it was received well by others and with high criticism by some. [2] Memoirs of a Woman of Pleasure—popularly known as Fanny Hill (an anglicisation of the Latin mons veneris, mound of Venus)—is an erotic novel by English novelist John Cleland first published in London in 1748. Written while the author was in debtors' prison in London, it is considered "the first original English prose pornography, and the first pornography to use the form of the novel". It is one of the most prosecuted and banned books in history. The book exemplifies the use of euphemism. The text has no "dirty words" or explicit scientific terms for body parts, but uses many literary devices to describe genitalia. For example, the vagina is sometimes referred to as "the nethermouth," which is also an example of psychological displacement. The novel was published in two installments, on 21 November 1748 and in February 1749, by Fenton Griffiths and his brother Ralph under the name "G. Fenton". There has been speculation that the novel was at least partly written by 1740, when Cleland was stationed in Bombay as a servant of the British East India Company. Initially, there was no governmental reaction to the novel. However, in November 1749, a year after the first instalment was published, Cleland and Ralph Griffiths were arrested and charged with "corrupting the King's subjects." In court, Cleland renounced the novel and it was officially withdrawn. [3] The Complete Farmer: Or, a General Dictionary of Husbandry is an 18th-century dictionary, which dealt with all branches of agriculture. It contained various contemporary methods of cultivating and improving land; of breeding, managing, and fattening cattle; of curing the various diseases etc. The whole was ranged in alphabetical order, and everything, relating to the fame subject was contained in one article. It was supplemented with a Gardener's Kalendar for the use of farmers and others, which contained accounts of the work necessary to be done every month in the year, and accounts for the nursery and kitchen gardens. [4] Sermons to Young Women (1766), often called Fordyce's Sermons, is a two-volume compendium of sermons compiled by James Fordyce, a Scottish clergyman, which were originally delivered by himself and others. Fordyce was considered an excellent orator, and his collection of sermons found a ready audience among English clergy and laity alike. It quickly became a staple of many Church and personal libraries. Soure: Wikipedia I just browsed the Internet on books during 1700 to 1800 and these are the products of those search. I was intrigued by Pamela so I mentioned it here and when I read the synopsis of Fanny Hill, George Wickham immediately came to my mind. Any thoughts? By the way, I update every two weeks on Sundays since I still have a lot of extra-curricular activities in school as of now. Hope that's alright.
Thank you for all the reviews, follows, and favourites :-) If you do not know yet, Chapter Two has changed a bit. BTW, An OC of mine is going to be in this one. Hope you like her! Enjoy! To anyone who had seen Elizabeth Bennet's smile after visiting the Gardiner Warehouse, they would have thought of it as Lizzy being back to her spirit after suffering from a trifling cold. But Alexa Digby was not just anyone… Elizabeth had known Alexa, her Abigail, since she was seven years old. One cloudy day in March after visiting her estate, Claire Bennet brought a young Alexa to the Longbourn Dower House. She had informed the household that from then on, Alexa will be staying with them and she will be training as a lady's maid. Lizzy had never really been close to Alexa. They were the very contrast of each other; the latter preferred staying in the house while the former longed for adventure. Whereas Elizabeth had too much energy to be in one place for more than five minutes, Alexa could stay on the same place for hours. Elizabeth could always find humor in every situation while Alexa rarely see the positive sides on them. It was only after Claire Bennet's death that the two young girls found comfort in each other. Lizzy's sisters were not as close to their Grandmother as Lizzy was so they never understood her pain and grief. Alexa, on the other hand, did. Lizzy saw her crying by the window sill that unfortunate day, and with tears also spilling from her own eyes, she approached the girl. That marked the beginning of their friendship. Later on, Lizzy learned that her Grandma Claire had rescued Alexa from an abusive relative who took Alexa in after her mother was gone. Her father, it turned out, was Claire Bennet's late steward, Mr. Digby, who had passed away a year before her mother. When Claire heard of the news that Mrs. Digby had died, she immediately set on a quest to find the Digby's only daughter and after finding out about the abuse Alexa has to put on with her nearest relations, Claire brought her to Longbourn. With shared grief from the loss of Claire Bennet, the two girls became inseparable. Despite having the role of being Lizzy's Abigail, with Lizzy's insistence, Alexa had shared a few lessons of music, arts, and languages with her friend. And because Lizzy spends her time going back and forth from Longbourn to London, Alexa was always the one to accompany Lizzy. So while Mary and Kitty were Lizzy's closest sisters, and Charlotte Lucas was her closest friend, Alexa still remained to be her closest companion and therefore the person who knew her best. That was why when her Abigail raised an eyebrow at her after returning from the Gardiner Warehouse (where she had her second encounter with the still unnamed handsome gentleman), Lizzy knew she could not keep her adventures a secret… not to Alexa. "So, Miss Lizzy how is Mr. Gardiner's warehouse?" asked her Abigail with an impish smile once they were alone in her room. Instead of answering her directly, Lizzy arched her brow in reply. "You know, Alexa, you were never impertinent when we were children." "That's because I never spent too much time with you back then. You were the only one to blame for my attitude in the present, Miss Lizzy." Elizabeth rolled her eyes. Despite their years of friendship and Elizabeth's protest to just call her 'Lizzy', Alexa insisted on addressing her as 'Miss' saying that boundaries between servants and Mistress should still be kept. Not that those said boundaries ever stopped Alexa from prying to Lizzy's business anyway… like now. And even if Lizzy knew that she will eventually tell the events of her day to her prying Abigail, she wanted to prolong the moment before Alexa found out. "Is that your way of expressing your thanks in me, then?" At this, Alexa frowned in confusion. "Thank you for what, Miss Lizzy?" "If I was to blame for your behavior in the present, then surely you imply that I deserve gratitude for bringing you and Archie closer." Archie was the son of Lizzy's personal footman, Graham, whom Alexa had taken a liking on. "You did tell me that he liked your bold attitude." This elicited a blush from Alexa to which Lizzy laughed. Alexa, in turn, slapped Lizzy's arm lightly before going behind her to untie her corset. "Stop teasing me, Miss Lizzy, or I shall start a conversation with you about that gentleman you met in the rain." Lizzy almost let out an unladylike groan that would surely have Fanny Bennet disliked her even more. If Alexa had not been one of the people who helped her escape the house that day in the rain, then she would not have told Alexa about her meeting with the unnamed gentleman. But Lizzy was the one who teased and not the one to be teased, so instead of a groan she replied with, "If that is a threat then you shan't ask me about my day in the Gardiner Warehouse earlier, otherwise you will no longer have power over me by using that certain gentleman as a feared discussion." Feeling Alexa stopped in loosening her gown, Lizzy smiled. After a moment of silence, she was turned around suddenly to face an excited Alexa. "You met him earlier! What did he say? Did you talk to him? Does he remember you? Surely, he does. Did –" Lizzy raised a palm to quiet her friend. She could hardly believe that Alexa was once the shiest and most quiet girl in her acquaintance. With a small smile playing at her lips, Lizzy answered, "Yes I did see him again today, he remembered me, and we talked –" before she could go on any further, the bell for nuncheon rang. "I suppose you think you are saved from my questions, Miss Lizzy, but do remember that I will also help you dress for dinner later. You will not escape me." With that, Alexa finished dressing her up and they both went down for nuncheon. -p&p- The next morning, her Aunt had once again asked Lizzy if she liked to visit the Gardiner Warehouse once again. Naturally, her Aunt Madeline had not done it willingly. It took Lizzy to sigh more than three times and a frown to never left her face until her Aunt decided to offer the trip. And while Mrs. Winters can now join them for breakfast, she will not be accompanying Lizzy for the trip. In this too, Lizzy put to use her acting skills. At first she told them that she still felt guilty for causing Mrs. Winters to have a fever (which is true) and that she would not want to hinder any further recoveries of Mrs. Winters by exhausting her so soon. When that was not enough, Lizzy then promised that she will not leave the premises of the warehouse. When that was still not enough, she agreed to a compromise that since her Aunt Madeline would be busy doing business with her Uncle Edward, Alexa (since she would not be assisting Mrs. Winters anymore) should make sure Lizzy stay true to her words. After all, everyone in the Gardiner Household knew that just because Lizzy did not escape yesterday meant that she would not today. And Lizzy knew that the reason why her Aunt left her alone yesterday was because her Aunt thought her to be out of sorts. Now, that Lizzy was back to her old cheerful self, protective Aunt Maddie was back too. Elizabeth Bennet never broke her promises, this, Madeline Gardiner knew. But she also knew of her niece enough to know that Lizzy always found a way to outsmart people regarding her words so it was safe not to take any chances. Of course, all of Lizzy's effort to remain (somewhat) alone for her stay in the Gardiner Warehouse were for her want to feel independent – which she rarely felt during her stays in London – and it had absolutely nothing to do with the hope of seeing a certain gentleman who her overprotective Aunt would not allow her to talk to, even if she was now out in society. The same man whom she spent too much time conversing on whether Benedick and Beatrice had begun to developed feelings for each other long before the two even know it and if Claudio's love for Hero was weak or not that had both forgotten to ask about each other's names.[1] Perhaps today they could remedy that. -p&p- Remedy it, they did not; and Darcy was disappointed to once again go home without the bewitching lady's name. On second thought… he was only a little disappointed. After all, how could he find it in him to be disheartened when his hopes of encountering her again today had come true? Of course, he did not come to the Gardiner Warehouse on the sole purpose of hoping to see her again. No. Fitzwilliam Darcy was a man of duty and he had come again this day to fulfill the business that he had forgotten yesterday due to… welcomed distractions. While it was true that he was looking for a book yesterday ("Guide to the Lakes" [2] by William Wordsworth – he now remembered the title of his original aim), that was just second to his business for coming to the Gardiner Warehouse. His priority for coming there yesterday was to inquire about the current status of the Gardiner shipments in behalf of Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam who invested in Mr. Gardiner's business. Darcy still find it odd that his cousin always had time to make fun of him and at the same time not have time for business affairs such as this. Not that he was complaining, for this errand had brought him the company of a certain lady who kept on disturbing his thoughts. Speaking of said lady, it was not long before Darcy caught sight of her again. This time, he noticed that she was with an Abigail. However, upon seeing him, the Abigail distanced herself near enough distance to see them but still far enough not to hear them. Certain that Richard's business affairs could wait, he decided to approach the cloaked maiden again. "Are you a regular customer here, Madam?" The words left his mouth as soon as they finished bowing and curtseying to each other and Darcy silently cursed himself for not having more talent at opening a conversation. Surely he could think of far better words to engage her in a discourse. Not that he wanted to impress her or anything. "Are you?" She did it again, raising an eyebrow as if to challenge him. This was why Darcy wanted a good starter of a conversation, so he could show her that he could match her in a verbal battle. "Do you always answer a question with one of your own?" Darcy questioned in response remembering she had said something like that yesterday. This time, the lady put a hand on her hip and with a smile she replied. "Do you?" "I supposed that is one way of answering my question." "Indeed it was, Sir," she said never taking her eyes of him, "but it was only I who answered your questions and 'twas not fair that you did not do the same in my inquiries." At this Darcy was the one to raise his brow with a small smile of his own. "Was it?" From there, the subject of their talk continued from where they left on yesterday, which was about how was it that many characters – especially males – easily believed that Hero was impure and that her father condemned her with very little proof. Somehow, their talk of men's little faith in women led them to a conversation about what an accomplished woman ought to be in the society. Darcy, of course, being in a prominent family, stated his father's opinion (which was also his opinion on the matter) to the lady beside him and he watched in fascination as her vibrant green eyes sparkled with determination to contradict him. As she explained her opinion on the subject, Darcy was surprised to find himself agreeing to some of her sentiments. When she noticed this, she gave Darcy a triumphant smile that made him feel like he did not lose a battle at all. So caught up they were in their debates that only when she disappeared out of his sight after bidding him goodbye did Darcy remembered that he still do not know her name. And it was only when he stepped foot in Darcy House did it occur to him that Richard's task for him was still unfulfilled. Well… it looks like he will have to go to the Gardiner Warehouse again tomorrow. With a smile on his face, Fitzwilliam Darcy headed to his study to write his daily letter for his mother. He could not wait for tomorrow to come. -p&p- When tomorrow became today, Darcy found himself in the Gardiner Warehouse once again. But unlike the day before, this time, he was actually disappointed; not only did he not know the name of his cloaked maiden but she did not show herself that time. Meanwhile, as Fitzwilliam Darcy boarded his carriage to return home (once again 'forgetting' to accomplish the favor his cousin had asked of him - in his defense, Richard did not say that it was urgent), sitting in her chambers was one amused Elizabeth Bennet who was being questioned by her Abigail. "But you saw him yesterday; you should have gone today as well." Alexa insisted as she braided Lizzy's dark tress. The Abigail was more than happy to accept Mrs. Gardiner's idea yesterday which was to accompany her Mistress and friend to the Gardiner Warehouse. And to her luck Miss Lizzy's new acquaintance was present too and she saw how her Mistress and the gentleman conversed! There was something there and Alexa knew it. "You very well know that I couldn't, or else Aunt will suspect a thing. I only visit the warehouse three times a week and though yesterday was only my second visit, I never go there on consecutive times remember?" Lizzy explained looking at her Abigail through the vanity mirror. "Besides, we do not know for sure if my newly found friend is to visit again this day." "Then you should've asked him about that yesterday." At this, Lizzy turned to face Alexa and with a laugh she said, "You sounded like Mama trying to match-make Jane." "But is he not your prince charming, Miss Lizzy?" Alexa asked with a teasing smile. "He did show up at the day of your eighteenth birthday and then you met him unexpectedly in your Uncle's Warehouse – twice now. Next thing you know he'll save you from the evil clutches of Mrs. Bennet and her poor nerves!" Lizzy, despite her good judgement laughed at Alexa's words but not after hitting her lightly with the pillow placed on her lap. She knew very well that her Abigail loved the classic story of the prince rescuing a princess. And combined with Alexa's fresh feelings for Archie, Lizzy knew her maid could not help it but be a romantic. "Mama's nerves may be poor indeed, Alexa, but she is not evil." Alexa gave her an incredulous look but she continued to talk, "And keep in mind that my newest acquaintance, though he may be a gentleman, is only my friend." Alexa kept silent but did not hide her eye roll. She knew Miss Lizzy well enough not to contradict her verbally. After what she saw at the Warehouse yesterday, Alexa will just have to keep watch of the situation and prepare herself for the last laugh. [1] Benedick, Beatrice, Claudio, and Hero are all characters from "Much Ado about Nothing" - a comedy by William Shakespeare thought to have been written in 1598 and 1599, as Shakespeare was approaching the middle of his career. [2] "Guide to the Lakes," more fully "A Guide through the District of the Lakes," William Wordsworth's travellers' guidebook to England's Lake District, has been studied by scholars both for its relationship to his Romantic poetry and as an early influence on 19th-century geography. Originally written because Wordsworth needed money, the first version was published in 1810 as anonymous text in a collection of engravings. The work is now best known from its expanded and updated 1835 fifth edition. Any thoughts? If you're worried about our Lizzy and Darcy still not at each other's throat, worry not because we'll get there soon. Sorry if the updates are slow but I don't want to go Charles Bingley on you guys (You know, constant at first then will suddenly disappear?). This is a Work in Progress story and I'm aiming to be a Fitzwilliam Darcy in terms of writing (Slow but committed). Have a good day!
So there was supposed to be a chapter before this one but I think that it's gonna look like a filler since not much happened so I just proceeded with this time skip. Their interactions behind the scenes before this time skip will reveal itself in the coming chapters (sort of). Anyway, so I know you guys have a lot of questions about this story (about Wickham, Grandma Bennet, Mrs. Bennet and other characters who have yet to appear) and I assure you they're gonna be answered one at a time as the story progresses. Right now, I hope you still continue to bear with me in this another chapter... Enjoy :) Three weeks had passed since Darcy's first visit at the Gardiner Warehouse and while he had been fortunate enough to have little encounters with the same lady almost every other day in these past weeks; Darcy had yet to know the delightful lady's name. Nor had she learnt his. In their first few meetings, both he and the lady did not ask for each other's name – whether they kept forgetting or they did not bother at the time, Darcy did not know. He did try to hint that he wanted to know her name when he remembered about not knowing it but she diverted their conversation into another topic. After that, he did not attempt to ask her again for fear that she might stop their 'accidental' encounters in the Gardiner Warehouse. Thank goodness that his footmen and coachman are too trained in their jobs to inquire as to why he kept on going back to the Gardiner Warehouse three times a week. Darcy knew his employees were smart and they would be able to determine that a business deal would not have taken weeks. Even if it did, he could always finalise the details via missives. If that was not enough to make them suspicious, the fact that he had been caught smiling on more than a few occasions would surely arise some questions. He was also lucky that his Aunt Catherine and Cousin Anne had decided to move to Matlock House to spend time with his Aunt Elinor until their departure for Hertfordshire so no one would be able to suspect his actions. Richard was another matter to be dealt with. The Colonel was teasing him about his smiles again. Especially when the Colonel learned that Darcy 'accidentally' (and definitely not intentionally) forgot about the business meeting he was supposed to have with Mr. Gardiner on more than one occasion. "Come now, Cousin, I thought you disliked smiling for it contorts the face?" This was the exact wording Richard would use every time Darcy's lips would threaten to twitch into a smile. Darcy had to endure it, otherwise, half the family – if not the whole family– would know of his… ventures already. And Darcy wanted anything but that… especially if this reached his father's ears. Though it was uncommon for a gentleman in his sphere, or in any sphere for that matter, to interact continuously with a lady whose name he did not know, Darcy could not find it in himself to avoid his unnamed acquaintance. In fact, if Fitzwilliam Darcy was going to be completely honest, he was enjoying this mysterious charade they were playing. For Darcy's part, he liked that for once he was not perceived based on his social standing. (While he was proud of whom he was and his family, he could certainly use a break from matchmaking mamas and other fortune-hunting people.) Though his clothing showed his place in society, the lady in possession of dark green eyes seemed to pay it no mind for she teased him, challenged him, and even laughed at him. He revelled at the way she treated him. She did not cower easily nor did she agree to everything he had to say. She was like a breath of fresh air from the polluted Ton. As for the lady's part, Darcy could not figure out why she was against to letting her identity be known. At first, he had thought that maybe the lady was laying a trap for him – cornering him in a secluded part of the warehouse and then compromising him. He had thought that the air of mystery she surrounded herself with was a way to lure him, like a siren to a sailor. But those assumptions quickly disappeared whenever his eyes met with hers. Those green eyes looked too genuine to be deceitful. Besides, if she did want to compromise him, surely she would have done that by now. He was not easily caught by a pretty face or a simple smile like Bingley often was, so Darcy can safely say for certain that he will know if his mysterious lady had an ill will against him. He did suspect, however, that she might be hiding from someone for she always moved away from him whenever footsteps began to approach their direction. Perhaps she was not yet out and therefore was not allowed to talk to men? The thought was like a splash of cold water to Darcy. Good grief! He had not been meeting with a girl who had not been presented, had he? Surely, with the kind of clothes she was wearing, she belonged to the known member of the society. And every upper class of society held balls for their daughter's coming out. If she had come out, surely he would have heard of it. She looked to be about twenty at most; therefore she would be out by now. But then again, he was never one to attend balls unless forced, so how would he know? But if she was out, his Aunt Elinor, the Countess of Matlock who was known as one of the 'leaders' of the Ton, would undoubtedly know about her. If his Aunt Elinor had indeed known her, then the Countess would not stop pestering Darcy to meet her. For Darcy was beginning to see her as his equal, it was obvious that they both matched each other's wits in different discourses. And knowing his Aunt Elinor, she would see what Darcy was seeing as well. As Darcy let out a groan and sat on his chair, Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam entered Darcy House's study with a smirk. "So Cousin, are you still purposefully forgetting the errands I asked of you as an excuse to see her?" In response, Darcy only groaned again to which the Colonel chuckled at. -p&p- Meanwhile, Anne Margaret Darcy née Fitzwilliam was sitting in her private study when the most awaited letters from her beloved son arrived. Not wasting a moment, she broke the first seal and began reading its contents. She had made a deal with William to write to her every day. And because Farris House was more than a long distance from Darcy House, she had asked her son's messages to be delivered every two weeks. Nonetheless, it did not escape her notice how this recent pile of messages seemed thicker than usual. To her surprise, the context of the letters sounded… off. Not in the way that she would have left Scotland for London in haste to check whether her only son was faring well, but in a way that she felt giddy for she suspected that her son might be… interested someone. After all, she was sure that William would not have asked as to which story she preferred – "Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded" or "An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews"[1] – if he had not found someone to converse it with. And that someone must certainly be a woman. She could count on one hand the number of men who would have no problem in discussing novels and none of them were with William so it must be a lady. If that was not enough evidence, part of William's second to the last missive was more than enough for her to suspect. oOo "A woman must have a thorough knowledge of music, singing, drawing, dancing, all the modern languages; and besides all this, she must possess a certain something in her air and manner of walking, the tone of her voice, her address, and expressions. And to all this she must yet add something more substantial, in the improvement of her mind by extensive reading." Mother, the assertion written above is how (as you well know) Father describes an accomplish woman. And you know that I believed in these too. But, what if someone mentioned these statements in front of a young woman? (This condition is hypothetical, of course.) And what if said hypothetical young woman thought these claims comical? Would you think that said hypothetical young woman too severe on her own sex, or not? Because that was my opinion at first, that said hypothetical young woman was too severe on her own sex. But upon further reflection, I've come to the conclusion that it is society that is severe on women for having such unrealistic expectations of perfection. Not that those accomplishments were too impossible to obtain, of course, for I have seen every trait of those 'requirements' in you (perhaps that is the reason why Father thought of those characteristics as the model of an accomplished woman) but I did come to a realization that society have such a long nonsensical list of what a woman should be and whether they attain all those achievements or not, they continue to not be regarded as a gender of substance. These sentiments are product only of random thoughts due to my observations, of course. For you know me, Mother, and I do enjoy observing those around me rather than interacting with them. oOo Anne knew her son very well, indeed. William could not fool her. Random thoughts due to his observations! Did her son think her so gullible to believe that? 'But if it is a lady that was causing him to act like this, then good for him.' She thought with relief. Another year of focusing into the family business and responsibilities and Anne would have thought her son, though she loved him very much, was not human at all. But she couldn't blame William for what he had become. It was, after all, her husband who had pushed and continued to push their son into this. Of course, as a mother, she was proud to have raised a responsible and a good principled man. But even she knew that too much of everything was a bad thing. Thank the Lord that George Wickham was finally out of their lives! Because of that cad, her son had learnt to grow up sooner rather than later. She wished she could have been there for William through his hard times as a teen but she was still recovering from giving birth to Georgiana and after that, she was too much involved with other affairs that she feared for her children's lives if she stayed too close to them. It was one of her most horrible experiences – leaving her children with her husband while she stayed on their other estates. 'Twas only a year and a half before William had finished his studies that she found it safe to be with them again. But of course, she still found some time to meddle with the affairs she got involved with, hence her extension of stay in Scotland. When the bell for dinner rung, she hid William's letters in a secret compartment that even her husband was not privy to. She would keep this little information to herself for the mean time. Besides, she was still not sure of her assumptions. For all she knew, William might have avoided another ball resulting in his cheery mood and the part regarding an accomplished woman may have been a product of his random thoughts after recalling his observations. Regardless, she would not divulge this newfound knowledge to either Georgiana or George. They had their own letters from William anyway. Seeing her husband already at the end of the table, she maintained a stern look. She was still mad at her husband anyway, one more reason to hide William's missives to her from him. -p&p- At the Gardiner Residence in Berkeley Square, London, Elizabeth kept on twisting and turning on her bed. It was nearing midnight but she could not find it in her to sleep. She even flipped her pillows multiple times but her mind would not let her rest. She would be returning to Longbourn in three days. Usually, this would make Lizzy sad for she would miss her Aunt Madeline and Uncle Edward along with her cousins. But that sadness would soon disappear when her thoughts drifted off to both Mary and Kitty, whom she knew needed her back. If she was not the receiving end of their mother's ire, Mama made sure that Mary and Kitty were the next in line. Jane, though her presence calmed Mama, could do naught if Fanny was at her worse of moods. Lydia, on the other hand, could either distract their mother (by discussing eligible bachelors) or fuel her anger (by telling that Kitty or Mary would not let her borrow something she wanted). All that Papa could do was take Mary and Kitty in his study to escape. Lizzy had tried to take her sisters with her to London but she understood that her Aunt had not yet recovered from the trauma of past events. Also, the tenants of Longbourn would not do well without her two sisters. Jane also helped sometimes, but Mama refused to let her beautiful daughters associate with the 'less pleasing' ones. Her sisters should be the priority of her thoughts and worries. But as Lizzy walked towards her bedroom windows and felt the evening breeze blew past her, she could not help her thoughts to take a turn on a particular gentleman whose name she still had no knowledge of. "Miss Lizzy, are you not going to tell the gentleman your name yet?" Alexa had often asked. Lizzy wanted to, but if she did, he would find out that she was the Gardiner's niece. And if that happened, he would probably mention something to her Aunt or Uncle about knowing her. And if either of her relatives found out, she would be banned from leaving the house. It will be another case of Lady Amelia all over again. Besides, she was not exactly close to the gentleman to understand why she would like to keep their acquaintance a secret. She just wanted to have a friend in town. Charlotte, the closest person to her outside of her family, was in Hertfordshire and Lizzy was always going back and forth between London and her home county. Yes, Alexa was always with her and they were close but there are things she wanted to discuss that her Abigail had no interest in. Archie was the same case with Alexa. Mrs. Winters, though she cared for her companion very much, was not close in her age. Her cousins, as adorable as they were, were too young for her desired discourse. But her newly found acquaintance, though obviously older than her, seemed to share the same interests as hers. They had talked about different plays, authors, books, estate management, horses, sheep, fruit trees, food, crops, music, composers, inventors, politics, and even poetry. They had basically talked about anything and nothing at all. The only thing their conversations were lacking was personal information and family related talks. She was really glad to have him as a friend. He who was her first and only acquaintance in London, he whom neither her Aunt nor Uncle had any idea about, he who had treated her as somewhat his equal, he who seemed to respect her opinion, he who was the reason her parting to London would be…upsetting… Sighing, Lizzy looked up at the moon. Despite being fond of morning walks and the feel of the warm morning sun against her skin, she dearly loved the sky at night especially when the moon made its presence known. Ever since she was a little girl, whenever she was feeling lost, she had this fancy belief that the moon will guide her. The same went if she ever had a wish. The nights before her birthdays, she had also spent the late hours by her window gazing at the moon. And instead of wishing on stars, like most do, Lizzy wished on the moon. On the night before her eighteenth birthday, she had wished for a friend. That was why she sneaked out of the house, with some assistance from both Alexa and Archie. She immediately headed to Hyde Park knowing that she would find people there. But probably because of the looming clouds, she found none. So she proceeded to climb a tree where she spotted a bird's nest. Perhaps, little birds were all she was meant to find that day. And to her delight those birdies were not frightened by her presence. That was why Lizzy decided to stay seated on the branch. When she was little, she and Grandma Claire would do the same – climb a tree, find a stable branch, and sing. This year, in place of her Grandma's presence were the birds. Lizzy paid no mind to the rain. That moment was one of the most times of freedom she had ever experienced in town. She was enjoying her time with her little animal companions so much that when she climbed down, she didn't notice another presence. The moon had granted her wish – for she crossed paths with a gentleman that day, the same gentleman whom three days later became one of her favorite conversationalists, therefore becoming her friend. This night, however, she wished for the moon's guidance. Using her imagination, Lizzy pretended that the moon was gazing upon her, calming her mind. Closing her eyes, Lizzy focused solely on the darkness. Then pretending to have a magic affinity, the moonbeams slowly entered that never ending dark, lighting a path for her. Laughing slightly at her silliness, Elizabeth opened her eyes and smiled at her beacon. She had made a decision. She was going to reveal her identity to the unnamed gentleman before she left London for Hertfordshire. [1] "An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews" or simply "Shamela," as it is more commonly known, is a satirical burlesque novella by English writer Henry Fielding. It was first published in April 1741 under the name of Mr. Conny Keyber. Fielding never admitted to writing the work, but it is widely considered to be his. It is a direct attack on the then-popular novel "Pamela" (1740) by Fielding's contemporary and rival Samuel Richardson and is composed, like Pamela, in epistolary form. I'm really learning a lot of literature pieces as I continue on this story! Anyway, so there we have a little background about Mama Darcy... also, if you think our Darcy and Lizzy are OOC for still not knowing each other's name then, all I can say is that I think I gave them reasons that are justifiable enough. (Lizzy's other reasons for not telling her name will be revealed in the next chapters.) So, what do you guys think?
Sorry, this chapter was one day delayed. Anyway, I'm not gonna delay it any further so enjoy reading :) While being in a foul mood was fairly normal for his younger cousin, it was a rare case to one Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam. He was used to being the annoying one rather than the one being annoyed. However, even Colonel Fitzwilliam was human too, and he was free to have his bad days every once in a while. This day was one of those days. First, he found out that Lady Catherine was not in jest about having his cousin Anne as Netherfield Park's mistress. When Darcy first told him of it, he was amused with his Aunt's antics – after all, this was not the first time she had saved Darcy from fortune-hunting shrews like Caroline Bingley. That was why Richard thought that Lady Catherine was only saving Darcy in the spur of the moment. Surely she would have concocted a better plan later on about how Darcy can avoid Miss Bingley and would have made an excuse as to she and Anne being indisposed so she will not fulfill her words. After all, Lady Catherine may be sometimes rude but she always kept proprieties. Also, Anne being the mistress of Netherfield could as well be a declaration of something between her and Mr. Bingley. And there was nothing between Anne and Bingley. However, there was something between Anne and himself… something of which his Aunt Catherine knew of. This was why Richard came to know that Lady Catherine was doing this on purpose. That and because when he tried to talk her out of it, she only responded with a smug look. His Aunt was hitting two birds in one stone – getting Darcy protected from the claws of Miss Bingley and at the same time daring him to act and secure Anne. And she was not even hiding her look of triumphs from him! Of course, Richard loved Miss Anne de Bourgh and he wanted nothing more in the world than to have her as his wife and build a family with her… but Richard also had his job… and his pride. He wanted to prove to the family that he can provide for Anne and himself. That he did not need her dowry or Rosings to be able to give her a comfortable life. While his father, Lord Matlock, was generous on his settlement on his second son, and Darcy's father was also there to support him, the Colonel wanted to ensure that all his children (should they be blessed with many) should be all provided for adequately. He was close to achieving his goal – perhaps just another year or two… but Lady Catherine's move changed that. He was going to have to move faster if he wanted Anne because while he had no doubt of her affections towards him, society will make it harder for him with her acting as Netherfield's mistress. What was Bingley thinking, agreeing to his Aunt's idea in the first place? While Richard understood that Bingley's friendship with Darcy balanced their attitudes, he would sure like to smack some sense into the former in hopes of making him grow some backbone. If his Aunt will not put an end to this ruse, then he sure will. He will find a way to get Anne out of this ridiculous offer that Bingley had so foolishly agreed to. It mattered not if this will make Caroline the mistress of the estate, he could help Darcy in avoiding her but he will not give up his Anne and surrender her to society's false expectations. Fortunately for him, 'twas easy enough to have Bingley agree for him to tag along. What was not easy, however, was the second thing that put him in a foul mood – prying information out of his cousin. What happened on the twenty-seventh day of September, Richard did not yet know, but he certainly intended to find out. The morning when Richard visited Darcy on said specified date, the latter was smiling before he left. Not small enough that Richard thought Darcy would become a second Bingley. However, that same evening when Richard came to see his cousin and pester said cousin about his mysterious lady, gone was the smiling man. In fact, Richard could not find traces of that man at all. He was replaced with the same old cousin Richard knew, but worse: He was more irritable, more serious, quieter… more Darcy! And by Jove, Richard would lessen his teasing if it meant having his smiling cousin back. -p&p- If their companions on the journey to Hertfordshire thought that Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam was in a bad mood, then that bad mood was nothing compared to Fitzwilliam Darcy's. Even Caroline Bingley, who had her cap set on him, was wary of his stern demeanor and remained quiet. Not wanting to irritate the two gentlemen further, they all agreed to their request of riding on their own horses while the others travelled in their own carriages – the de Bourgh's with their parson, Mr. Collins, on one and the Bingleys and the Hursts in the other. Darcy used their travelling time to sort out his thoughts – preferably to divert himself from thinking of a certain lady whose green eyes showed itself even when his eyes were closed, the same lady whose tinkling laughter haunted him in his dreams, the first lady who managed to engrave her name into his mind. Elizabeth… Weeks before, there was nothing that he wanted more than to know her name. So that he could finally put a name to her beguiling face instead of calling her 'his cloaked maiden' or 'his mysterious lady' in his mind. He had thought that perhaps, once the mysteries regarding her origin were answered, then she would pester his thoughts no more. How wrong he was… for now that he knew her name, he found it more difficult to dissuade his mind from thinking of her. It seemed that everything around him wanted to remind him of her. From the trees that reminded him of their first meeting, to the roads and pathways ("I'm very fond of walking…"), to his own horse ("Unlike your Boreas who is a handsome dark steed, my Apollo, to match his namesake is cream-colored."), to the fields they passed by ("It took me two full years to convince him that we needed to change the crops…") to – Darcy shook his head. He really should not be thinking about her right now. Not after their last meeting… To say that it had gone horribly wrong was an understatement. He was just having his usual day; (well, as usual as it was ever since their accidental meetings at the Gardiner Warehouse) Richard was even there to bid him 'Good luck' in hopes of seeing her that day and to his delight, she was indeed present with her Abigail. As if an unspoken agreement, her Abigail went far enough to avoid eavesdropping on their conversation but near enough to maintain propriety. Then, began their usual discourse about whatever topic they came out with – that day, their discussion about Aristotle somehow led them to the subject of famous Kings and Queens. At first, he suspected that she was purposely leading their conversation towards the well-known monarchs but he disregarded that thought and continued to talk to her. So what if she deliberately wanted to talk about the past rulers of the country? It would be enlightening, just like any other discourse he had with her. It was when they reached the topic of Queen Elizabeth I that his inkling thought about her turning the conversation that way was by design. There was a mischievous glint in her eyes that told him she was playing with him somehow. His suspicions were finally confirmed when he questioned her partiality over the Good Queen Bess.[1] "I supposed one cannot help but be partial to their namesake, especially if one of their said namesakes was a famous queen." His first reaction was to stare at her. Then, he blinked multiple times. Finally, after seeing the amusement in her eyes at his actions, he cleared his throat and asked for a confirmation. "You told me your name." She nodded shyly at him and he could do naught but repeat his statement that was voiced out as a question once again. "You told me your name." He could not believe it. She actually told him her name. Even if she went back to her home county (which he still did not know the name of and of which she mentioned in their previous meeting), he had a way to find her again. This time, her shy countenance was replaced with the confident stance that was now familiar to him. "I would not call it 'telling' per se. I think 'implying' was more of an appropriate wording. What say you, Sir?" Rather than providing her with an appropriate response, he laughed. "Elizabeth, your name is Elizabeth?" At his question, he noticed the reddening of her cheeks. Realizing that he had just referred to her as her name alone, he cleared his throat and straightened. "Forgive me, Madam, or should I call you Lady Elizabeth from this point forward?" "While I am flattered that you thought me as a woman with a title, Sir, I am normally called Miss Elizabeth – especially in the company of my eldest sister. Perhaps it would be good for you to formally address me seeing my sister is not present. Without using imaginary titles this time, that is to say." "Pray tell me what your last name is then, Madam?" He asked immediately. Few times he had tried to pry out personal information about her but she would not give in. This was his chance to get to know her more and he certainly would not waste a second to have just that. Surely if she did not have a title then she must be a daughter of a baron. If that was not the case and she was not from a family of title then she must still be from a well-known family. "'Tis Bennet, Sir." Bennet. Elizabeth Bennet. He tested the name in his mind. She had an elder sister, so perhaps she was the second daughter of a prominent family. That must be why he had not heard of her yet, because she was a younger daughter. But why didn't the last name 'Bennet' sound familiar to him? It should have. It should be. The beauty before him belonged in the same circles as he did, he was sure of it. Bennet. Bennet. Bennet. Darcy repeated in his mind. He had heard of it before. That's it. With so many businesses he had to deal with, he had just forgotten it. But it was somewhere there, at the back of his mind. "Are you perhaps one of the nieces of Sir Cromwell?" He did remember his cousin, Henry, Richard's older brother, telling them about Sir Cromwell's nieces recently being presented in society. The lady looked at him confused, before shaking her head no. "A distant cousin of Sir Bradley?" His Aunt Elinor had said something about Sir Bradley's distant cousin last month, didn't she? She once again replied in the negative. "Ah, then you must be a relative of Mr. Kelsey." His cousin, Matilda, Richard's youngest sibling and sister, did mention about attending a ball and making the acquaintance of a young lady related to Mr. Kelsey, a gentleman from the South who owned a few estates around the country. "No, Sir, I am not." Darcy's brows furrowed. "Huh, then it must be Mr. Eastoft." Mr. Eastoft was one of Bingley's common acquaintances with him, and like Mr. Kelsey, he also owns a few estates in the South. Darcy last saw him some two months ago, and he recalled of Mr. Eastoft telling him about a distant relative who will come out. "Sir, I do not understand your line of questioning at all." "Forgive me, Madam, I was only trying to determine your family. I'm pretty sure that I've heard the last name 'Bennet' before." "If you wished to know, then you could have simply ask, Sir. But I believe that the reason why my family name sounded familiar to you was because of my Uncle Gardiner. I suspected you are in a business partnership with him, perhaps you heard him mention my father." After analysing the information that was passed onto him, Darcy stared wide-eyed at the lady before him. He must have heard wrong. "Mr. Gardiner is your uncle?" "Yes, Sir." "You do not belong to a prominent family?" Seeking some clarification could not be bad, surely his ears were playing tricks on him. "While my family is known in our home county, we are not well-known here in town, except maybe for the connections we have with the Gardiners." "You are in trade then." This time, he noticed her eyes narrowed ever so slightly. "While I have nothing against tradespeople, Sir, I am a gentleman's daughter." "So… you lied." He said in disbelief. "Lied?" Her tone was sharper now. "I did no such thing, Sir, I assure you. I may have kept my identity from you but never did I deceive anyone." "But the way you dress yourself –" His own voice was getting louder as well, matching hers. "I thought we established it in our previous conversations that appearances can be deceiving. Hasn't anyone ever told you that you should not judge a book by its cover?" "Still, you pretend –" "Am I to repeat myself, Sir? I did no such pretences, not once – to you or to anyone." "But –" Darcy glared at her as she held up a palm at him. "I ask you now to stop talking, Sir. I know not what has gotten into you to accuse me of such things. I may not be a gentleman but I too have an honour to uphold so how dare you besmirch me so?" This time, it was she who glared at him. "I thought of you as my friend yet you have insulted me in the acutest kind. I believe I have the right to ask you to leave immediately." He was mad. How could he let himself believe her to be in circles? How could he let himself be easily lured by her arts of allurements? How could he let this happen? His father will be disappointed in him. He could already see it happening; his father's disapproving look, his father's calm but disappointed voice telling him that he had failed to do his responsibilities once again. Before he could delve further in his thoughts, the sight of Mrs. Gardiner rushing towards them brought him back to reality. "Lizzy, Alexa told me –" as if only noticing his presence, Mrs. Gardiner curtseyed and greeted him. "My Lord." [1] Good Queen Bess - Elizabeth I was called "Good Queen Bess" in part because Bess is a nickname for Elizabeth. In addition, during her reign (1558–1603), Elizabeth maintained stability and prosperity in England, putting an end to a period of instability and turbulence. So, there you have it! The start of the Darcy and Elizabeth we know and love. What do you think?
