Chapter 1 It was a bright and sunny day when the good news reached Mrs. Bennet, hot as it often was during the summer. Life in the country could be boring at times; though, with 5 daughters, one would think a woman would have ample entertainment. Yet, Mrs. Bennet craved excitement, finding her daughters often too dull and ordinary, her husband's humor too dry. This news she heard while at the hairdresser was sure to liven things up around their small community. When Mr. Bennet arrived home that evening, his wife had all but worked herself into a lather at the possibilities. Somehow, she was able to contain herself until he was through the door and had settled onto the couch, about to turn on the TV for a few minutes before dinner. "Robert!" Mr. Bennet looked up at his wife's excited voice. "I've just heard the most wonderful news. Netherfield has finally been sold!" This information would have been understandably exciting, had Mrs. Bennet been a real estate agent who had just landed a big sale. That was not the case, however. Not waiting for a response, she barreled on, "Mrs. Long has told me all about it. A young man, from Atlanta, very rich and apparently very handsome! Isn't it just so perfect for the girls?" She collapsed onto the couch next to her husband, fanning herself, apparently overwhelmed at the thought. "For the girls? What do they have to do with it?" Mr. Bennet had an idea but was interested in seeing his wife's thought process. She was always sure to provide some entertainment to his equally as dull life. Some of the aforementioned girls had wandered into the room upon hearing the commotion, wondering what all the fuss was about. "He will marry one of them, of course!" Mrs. Bennet was rewarded for this statement by the serious of shocked and incredulous sounds that came from her growing audience. Mrs. Bennet was not to be deterred by her daughters' indignation, however. "A single man with so much money must be on the hunt for a wife!" She proclaimed with authority. "Why else would he come out to the country and buy a house? He must have heard something of our charms and temptations!" Lizzie couldn't help but smile at that, noting how little charm her younger sisters held at that moment, sprawled across the living room in their shorts and t-shirts, trying to escape the oppressive heat that settled in everywhere, even the air-conditioned rooms inside their large but cramped house. "Oh yes, and who better to marry this stranger but one of us," she joked, sharing an affectionate eye-roll with her father. "So, that is his master plan, then, to settle in and marry one of the natives?" Mr. Bennet asked, enjoying this diversion for the moment. Fixing him with a sharp look, his wife scowled. "Master plan? You act as if he is going to storm the White House! But, he might just fall in love with one of them. Would that be so bad?" Mrs. Bennet was getting tired of her husband's cynicism, at least where she and her daughters' lively hoods were at stake. "That's why you have to visit him." That alarmed Mr. Bennet. "Visit him?" The idea of socializing with a complete stranger was abhorrent to him, even if it would benefit his daughters. "Well, I can't very well go visit him on my own, can I? What would he think, a respectable woman coming to his house as soon as he's all right and settled?" Mr. Bennet smiled at the thought. "No, we wouldn't want that. The poor kid might fall in love with you, for all we know!" The girls laughed at that, thinking about the ridiculous notion of a young, rich, handsome man falling in love with their mother. "Ah, I have just the thing!" He continued, ignoring the glare his wife shot him. "We should send the girls. He's sure to fall in love with the first one he lays eyes on, much like a baby duck." This spurred another round of giggles from the girls. Mrs. Bennet had had enough of her husband's quips for the moment. Thankfully, the phone rang just then, giving her a viable excuse to extract herself from the conversation. The rest of the family could hear her wailing down the hall, through the open door to the kitchen. "Yes, Laura, I've heard the news. You won't believe what my husband said!" She glared at her husband through the doorway before promptly closing the door, drowning out further conversation. Once Mrs. Bennet latched on to something, she wasn't likely to let it go. The next day, Jane and Lizzy were sitting in the sunroom reading quietly when their mother stomped in and flounced down on a chair. "Your father," she began as if they were picking up a conversation they had left off moments before. The girls knew through years of experience that a tirade was coming whenever she started out that way. "Is the most irritating man on the face of God's green earth." She paused, making sure that her daughters were paying attention. "I'm sure he is just teasing you, mama," Jane said, setting aside her book obediently, "Of course he will go and say hello to our new neighbor, just as he would any newcomers to the area." Her mother huffed at that, not believing a word of her explanation. Mr. Bennet appeared in the doorway behind his wife, smiling as his wife spoke. "No, Jane, you heard your father, he said it himself. And you know he is as stubborn as a mule." Mrs. Bennet crossed her arms petulantly. Coming into the room, Mr. Bennet sat down across from his wife. Lizzie finally put her book down, too, realizing that she was not going to get any more reading done for the time being. "You're right, dear. How about this, I will send this Mr. Bingley a note. I'll tell him I have 5 daughters, all ripe for the picking. We could make a catalog of it, even, just like JC Penny's. We'll be sure to tell him that they're all very silly, though Lizzie has a bit more going on upstairs than the rest." With that, he smiled and winked at his second daughter, who grinned back. They could hear a cry of offense coming through the open door to the study, where the rest of the girls had gathered to listen in on the conversation. "Then again," Mr. Bennet said after a moment's consideration, "he might prefer a stupid wife. He wouldn't be the first to make that choice." Lizzie felt her father was being needlessly cruel. She needn't have worried; the insult, like most, flew over her mother's head. "Why do you find such humor in my despair?" Mrs. Bennet cried, getting up and waltzing out of the room with a flourish. "Difficulties are often sent to test our faith and may even turn out to be blessings in disguise." All eyes swiveled to Mary, who was standing in the doorway wearing a serious expression. She was dressed in a long black skirt and white button-up blouse, which looked absolutely stifling in the summer heat. Poking her head around her dour sister, Lydia frowned. "I hope your games don't keep mom from making dinner. I'm starving!" She pulled back into the study and called after her mother, "Mom! When're we eating?" It was an embarrassing but not uncommon display in the Bennet house. Mary had recently decided to take up religion, choosing a small Holiness church that suited her restrained personality. There was no end to the shocking and slightly ridiculous things she said at the most inopportune times. After dinner, which was made by Lizzie and Jane, since their mother was far too indisposed to cook, the two oldest sisters lay outside on the trampoline, looking at the stars. "It would be nice, though, to find a man who could love me despite our ridiculous family," Lizzie sighed out of the blue. "Yeah?" Jane sat up, not even realizing her sister considered such things. Lizzie sat up too, brushing the pollen off her back and out of her hair. "But any man like that would probably be crazy, too, and I could never love someone who belonged in the looney bin." She stood up, jumping a few times before falling back onto her back and rolling off the trampoline. Climbing down after her, Jane followed her sister back towards the house. "I just want a marriage where we can respect each other. Without that, no one can be happy," she said sadly, thinking of one marriage in particular. "As we see proven every day," Lizzie said, rolling her eyes. "But I guess beggars can't be choosers." Jane shook her head dismissively. "Things aren't so bad, Lizzie. I'm sure all of us will find someone." They stopped to sit on the small back porch, choosing to finish their conversation in private before going back into the crowded house, where it seemed even the walls had ears. "With the house willed to our cousin and such limited job prospects, at least one of us needs to marry up. We don't have much, except our charm and sense of humor, really. And since you're ten times prettier than any of us, and at least twice as charming, I'm afraid it will fall on you to marry rich and provide for the rest of us into our old age." Lizzie smiled at her sister to soften the joke but could tell Jane didn't appreciate her talking in such a way. "I don't know about you, Liz, but I plan on marrying for love." And with that, she stood up and went into the house, leaving her sister to contemplate what she meant.
The weekends were not much different than the weekdays at the Bennet house, save for the fact that Mr. Bennet was home a bit more. Most weekends he spent out in manly pursuits or holed up in his library for much-needed silence and solitude. Jane worked some days at the library, helping the old librarian out where she could. Saturdays in the summer were her favorite; most weekends she tried to plan activities for the children in town, whether it be a reading or a special visitor. It was dark and cool in the small library. A two-room block building, the blinds were usually closed enough to keep the heat of the sun out, but open enough to provide light for reading, if you were close enough. In the back shelves of the building, one had to squint to read some of the titles on the faded spines of the old books. It reminded Lizzie of a strangely comfortable cave. It was pleasantly cooled but with little air circulation, stuffy in the way of a grandparent's attic. The smell of dusty books was almost oppressive, yet it welcomed and calmed her as soon as she stepped through the door. It was practically a second home to her and Jane, close enough to walk to, they'd been coming on their own since they were very young, walking the short distance under the watchful eye of everyone in town. In the summer the library provided lunches for the kids who would normally get their food from school. Lizzie liked helping out with the children, giving them meals that they couldn't get at home. The two sisters were just cleaning up when Lydia and Catie poked their heads in the library door. "Wait until you hear our news!" Lydia cried before running off again, leaving the door banging behind her. Lizzie and Jane smiled and looked at each other, shrugging, knowing they would hear whatever news it was as soon as they made their way home. "Mr. Bingley has moved into Netherfield!" Lydia announced later, once her full audience was gathered in the living room. Catie couldn't keep quiet. "And Mr. Lucas has gone to see him!" She exclaimed, ignoring the irritated look her younger sister shot at her. There was a dramatic sigh from the corner of the room, where Mrs. Bennet was curled up with a gossip magazine. "I don't even want to hear it! Why do we care what Mr. Bingley says or does since we're set to be strangers forever?" Lizzie covered a smile at her mother's antics. A loud sneeze interrupted the conversation and all eyes turned towards Catie. "Heavens to Betsy, Catie, do you have to sneeze so violently?" Mrs. Bennet chided. "I don't do it for fun!" Catie cried indignantly between sneezes. Lydia ignored both of them, continuing on with her news. "And he has a personal chef and a chauffeur!" Jane raised her eyebrows delicately at that. "He told Mr. Lucas that he loves dancing!" There was no end to the proclamations of the two silliest Bennet girls, each one trying to one-up the other. Now they were talking over one another- "And he promised to come to the next First Friday!" "Next week!" The shrieking was growing to an earsplitting decibel. Mrs. Bennet had had enough. "Girls! Please! Y'all stop talking about Mr. Bingley since we will never know him anyway!" Pouty faces were instantly directed her way. "But mom!" Lydia cried as if it were the end of the world. "I am sick and tired of hearing about Mr. Bingley!" Mrs. Bennet proclaimed, slamming down her magazine. A sly smile slid over Mr. Bennet's face as he lowered the newspaper he had been pretending to read. "That's too bad," he said quietly. Every pair of eyes in the room turned towards him. "If I'd have known sooner, it would've saved me the trouble of visiting him." There was a pause while his words sunk in. "You've been to Netherfield?" Mrs. Bennet asked in disbelief. "I'm afraid we can't avoid the association now," Mr. Bennet said, raising his newspaper back to hide his smile. The room erupted in excitement. "Oh, Robert, you are a doll!" Mrs. Bennet jumped up and kissed her husband's cheek before prancing around the room. "Come on, girls, we need to pick out your outfits for Friday!" Only Lydia and Catie follow their mother down the hall, the rest of the family watching after them in varying degrees of affection. The oppressive heat made Darcy loath to leave the delicious airconditioned house. But he had promised his best friend that he would venture out to the "First Friday" that the whole town was buzzing about. Charlie thought it was a charming small-town tradition, while Darcy thought it was a poor excuse for people to gawk at each other. "Do you think it's safe to be walking after dark?" Charlie's sister, Caroline, said, sidling up to Darcy with a scowl on her delicate face. It wasn't an attractive look. Charlie's other sister, Louisa, and her husband stepped out of the house behind Caroline, visibly wilting in the humidity. "Sounds like a damn stupid way to spend the evening," Hurst complained in his normal grumpy tone of voice. Charlie locked up the house behind the group, smiling good-naturedly and shooing them along down the driveway. There was already a bead of sweat snaking its way down Darcy's back. He just prayed to God that Charlie would get bored sooner rather than later, banking on his friend's short attention span to make an appearance. He was sure there couldn't be anything at the small-town function to interest him for long. They could hear the music down the street, lively and loud. It seemed the entire town had turned out for the event. There were booths up and down the main street, local artists and craftsmen selling their wares. On the main crossroads of town, a stage was set up, where an obviously local band was rocking out with classic songs perfect for dancing. Despite the large crowd, the group of newcomers' arrival hardly went unnoticed. As soon as they were within sight distance, heads were turning to catch a glimpse. Mr. Lucas appeared at their side more quickly than Darcy thought was possible. "Mr. Bingley! How good for you to come!" The older gentleman shook Charlie's hand affectionately as if they were old friends and not new acquaintances. "Please, let me introduce you to everyone." With that, he swept the group along, willingly or unwillingly. Charlie looked absolutely thrilled at the prospects of meeting new people, while Darcy cringed at the idea of being paraded around like a show pony. Across the street, Lizzie stared at the group with undisguised interest. "The two girls with him, do you know them?" She asked Charlotte Lucas, her best friend. If anyone knew the breakdown of the who's who in the new group, it would be Charlotte. "His sisters, from what dad told me," Charlotte said, pointing discretely. "One of them is married to that man there, Mr. Hurst." Jane had wandered over to get the scoop, as well. "The tall one?" She asked, noticing the tall, handsome man with a small scowl on his face. Shaking her head, Charlotte motioned to the left. "No, the other one." The man in question was shorter, a little full around the middle, and looked incredibly bored. "Even better," Jane joked, making the other two girls smile. "He seems very elegant." Lizzie wasn't sure that was a compliment, though she knew her sister would never say a harsh word about a stranger. Lizzie watched them closely for a few moments, noting that aside from Mr. Bingley, none of the group looked happy to be there. "Doesn't seem like they like what they see," she commented as another grimace crossed the prettiest girl's face. The oldest Bennet sisters were distracted by someone hissing their names nearby. Looking around, they saw their mother frantically motioning them over. "See that man over there?" She said once they came closer. "Mrs. Lucas says he is Mr. Bingley's oldest and richest friend. Darcy, I think his name is. He's even richer than Bingley and has a huge Plantation in Mississippi! Don't you think he is the most handsome man y'all have ever seen?" Their mother rambled away, not waiting for a response from her daughters. "I wonder if he would be half as handsome if he wasn't so rich?" Lizzie murmured to her sister. Jane snickered behind her hand before noticing that Mr. Lucas and Mr. Bingley were making their way over towards them. The movement didn't escape Mrs. Bennet's notice, either. "Jane! Lizzie! They're coming over here!" She fanned herself dramatically. "Smile, look alive!" Mr. Lucas stopped the group in front of the Bennet women, smiling broadly. "Mrs. Bennet! Charlie here has said he wanted to meet your daughters, I hope that is okay?" Lizzie smiled inwardly at the fact that Mr. Lucas was already on a first-name basis with his new friend. "Absolutely! This is Jane, my oldest," she said, pushing the daughter in question forward. Jane smiled shyly at Mr. Bingley before taking the hand he offered. "Then here is Lizzie, and Mary is sitting on the bench over there. Oh, where are Catie and Lydia? Yes, there, over there dancing!" She pointed to the two youngest girls dancing wildly and laughing. "They love dancing, my girls. Do you like to dance Mr. Bingley?" Charlie had been staring at Jane during the whole tirade but managed to pull his attention back to Mrs. Bennet when she asked him her question. "Hm? Oh, yeah, I love to dance, too. Jane, if you're not otherwise engaged, would you mind taking a turn with me? I'm afraid I'm not the best at country dances, but I'm sure you could show me the ropes." He smiled warmly at the pretty stranger that he hoped to get to know better. Blushing, Jane nodded, "Of course, I'd love to." She blushed again at her phrasing, making Charlie's smile wider. While Jane was busy making eyes at Mr. Bingley, Lizzie was watching the irritated expression that was written on Mr. Darcy's face. She cleared her throat, nudging her mother in motioning towards the taller man. "Oh!" Mrs. Bennet instantly caught her drift. "Mr. Darcy, do you also like to dance?" She asked as politely as she was capable. A look of confusion crossed Darcy's face as he wondered how this stranger knew his name. He shouldn't have been surprised, though, that news traveled fast in a small town. He was even more disturbed at being asked personal questions by people he didn't know. Charlie, for his part, hadn't seemed to realize that Mr. Darcy had followed them over. "Oh, I'm sorry! I haven't introduced you. This is Darcy, my best friend." He smiled and gestured to his friend, who just nodded and crossed his arms. "Welcome to town!" Mrs. Bennet said enthusiastically, putting on her brightest smile. "I do hope you've brought your dancing shoes like your friend here." She beamed at Charlie, who was back to staring at Jane. For a moment Lizzie thought the tall man wasn't going to respond. "Thank you, but I'm not overly fond of dancing," he said finally, his deep voice pouring out and filling the air between them. His accent was different than the rural Alabama drawl that was common among her family and acquaintances. It was fainter but more polished, representative of the upper-class southern people that held their selves separate from the masses. Mrs. Bennet was not deterred by his apparent lack of interest. "Well, let this be an exception then. I'm sure you'll never see such a lively bunch of lovely dance partners. We know how to have a good time!" She gestured towards Lizzie, hinting that she was free for a turn on the dance floor. There was an awkward silence, forcing Lizzie's eyes down in embarrassment. Darcy looked at her, his mind turning while struggling to come up with the right words to brush her off. He couldn't think of anything, instead, he gave a small nod and turned on his heel. Charlie saw the change in the women's faces before noticing that his friend had walked away. He hadn't been paying close enough attention to know what Darcy had done but knew instantly that he'd offended the Bennet girls. "Um, I'm sorry," he said, looking torn between playing damage control and following after his friend. He finally made up his mind, mumbling "excuse me," and walking away. The Bennet women stood in stunned silence for a breath. "Good Lord, someone is too big for his britches!" Mrs. Bennet burst out. Her voice carried farther than Lizzie was comfortable with. "Mother," she hissed, "They'll hear you." As if she hadn't been subject to enough embarrassment for one day. "Do I care?" She continued in the same tone and volume. "When his friend is so kind and charming, he should be ashamed. Who does he think he is?" Mrs. Bennet was getting more fired up by the moment. Lizzie shook her head, giving up. "I reckon the rich and fabulous don't have to worry about what us common folk think about them," she said, "We don't have to care what he thinks, either." She tried to hide her own hurt ego at his rejection. Crossing her arms, Mrs. Bennet huffed. "I suppose you're right," she said. "I guess he's not so handsome, after all," Lizzie said, smiling. They all looked over to where the men were standing, talking among their own group. "I should say not. He's nothing compared to Mr. Bingley, that's for sure." She huffed again and stomped away. It wasn't long before Charlie circled back around to collect his promised dance. Lizzie watched them from the sidelines, glad to see how happy her sister looked. They looked good together, Jane and Mr. Bingley. Lizzie hoped he would stick around long enough to liven things up around town. Darcy was also watching the two as they danced. The stars in Charlie's eyes were visible from a mile away. His friend gave him a loaded look, raising his eyebrows as if to say "see, you could be having fun, too." Darcy just smirked back, looking around at the crowd. He spotted that Mrs. Bennet glaring at him, talking with some other middle-aged ladies he had yet to meet. It didn't take much to imagine what she was saying to them. During a break in the music, Charlie took Jane over to meet his sisters. She felt shy around such posh ladies but was secretly pleased that he went out of his way to make sure she met his family. Darcy watched this development with growing displeasure. That feeling increased when Charlie led her back onto the dance floor for another round. Sitting on a bench with Mary, Lizzie smiled as she saw Jane and Charlie dancing again. "I don't understand Kitty and Lydia," Mary said suddenly. "They love dancing so much, I don't get it." Lizzie glanced over at her sister, sitting with her hands folded primly and a frown on her face. If there was anyone she didn't understand, it was Mary. "I would enjoy dancing more if I had a dance partner as sweet as Jane's," she said. "I think silence and meditation are far more rewarding," Mary said stiffly. There wasn't much to say to that, so Lizzie just shook her head. "I'm sure they are," she said. She could hear Jane laughing as she wandered off the dance floor to find something to drink. Mr. Bingley watched her for a moment before smiling and going to rejoin Darcy. He found his friend holding up a wall on the edge of the crowd. "Come on, Darcy, live a little. You're embarrassing me, standing around like someone killed your cat or something. Come dance." He elbowed him in the ribs good-naturedly. Darcy just shook his head and scowled. "Absolutely not," he said more forcefully than he meant to. "I'm not going to dance a jig at a country hoedown. It's unseemly." Bingley ignored the pointed jab with his normal grace and charm. Another person was listening that wasn't quite so generous. Lizzie could easily pick up the men's conversation from her vantage point on the bench. "Against all odds, your sisters were convinced to dance. And you know it would be torture for me to dance with anyone here but them," she heard Darcy continue. Her eyebrows shot up to new heights as he insulted the entire town. "Jesus, Darcy! Your standards are practically unreachable, then. I've never met so many charming women in my life. And some of them are quite pretty, too, aren't they?" Bingley shook his head at how ridiculous his friend was being. Looking around, Darcy shook his head. "You've been dancing with the only pretty girl here, Charlie," he said. That was all the encouragement Charlie needed to gush about his new crush. "Isn't she just gorgeous, Darcy? I've never met anyone like her." This earned him a solid eye-roll from his best friend. "Look, there's one of her sisters," Charlie gestured toward the bench where Lizzie was sitting. "She's cute. She seemed sweet, too." Darcy looked over and scowled. "She's not hideous, I guess, but not nearly pretty enough to tempt me." Lizzie's eyes widened at the insult and she had to struggle to keep from shaking with laughter. "Listen, Bingley, I'm not in the mood to dance with rejected women who can't find other partners. Get back to your new lady friend. Enjoy yourself. You're not going to change my mind." Shrugging, Charlie pushed off the wall with a crooked smile, always amazed at how moody his best friend could be. Lizzie stood up quickly, grinning, before running off to tell Charlotte what she'd just overheard. Not nearly pretty enough to tempt him! What a joke!
It was late by the time the Bennet girls got home. Mr. Bennet had enjoyed his evening alone, spent reading in his office, savoring the peace and quiet that was rare with 5 daughters. That peace was shattered once Lydia raced into the room, followed closely by her sisters and finally, Mrs. Bennet. "The girls were the bells of the ball, especially Jane!" She told her husband excitedly, settling herself into the office as if she planned to stay awhile. Mr. Bennet sighed and set aside his book, mentally preparing himself to hear all the inane details of their evening. Lydia and Catie giggled, flopping on the floor with all the grace of a baby giraffe. "Ugh, I ate so much! Look how fat I am!" Lydia puffed her flat stomach out dramatically, earning another giggle from her closest sister. "Me and Lydia danced to every song," Catie said proudly. Mrs. Bennet nodded, confirming that they did, indeed, dance to every song, or no it was meant for dancing. "Mr. Bingley seemed to enjoy Jane's company more than any other young lady there," she told her husband. "He danced twice with Jane, then once with Charlotte, which of course was out of pity, then with Jane again! Later he danced with Lizzie, but then guess what he did?" He had heard enough. "Please, spare me the details of his every last dance! I wish he had sprained his ankle on the first dance if that meant I didn't have to hear about him anymore." Lizzie hid a smile at her father's exaggerated exasperation. "And his sisters, such charming young ladies." Mrs. Bennet paid no attention to her husband's protests. "I wish you could have seen them, so lovely, and such snazzy dressers. Mrs. Hurst's purse must have cost a fortune." Mr. Bennet was beginning to wish he had locked the office door. "No purses, dear, I'm begging you." He held up his hands in a silent prayer that God would strike him down and put him out of his misery. That reminded Mrs. Bennet of something. "Oh, but that man Mr. Bingley brought with him, they call him Darcy. He's not worth the salt of our tears. He may be rich and handsome, but I declare there is not a more self-righteous, uptight man in the entire world. He even insulted poor sweet Lizzie!" Her words finally struck on something that Mr. Bennet cared about. "Insulted my Lizzie, did he?" He laughed quietly, imagining the words Lizzie would have for any man that dared insult her. "I'm not his biggest fan, either, so it doesn't matter," Lizzie added, brushing off the remaining sting of Darcy's comment. Mrs. Bennet didn't let the man in question off the hook so easily. "I would, hands down, refuse him next time, if he asks you to dance," she said, crossing her arms. That made Lizzie chuckle. "I'm sure I can safely promise to never dance with him, mom." She doubted he would ever have another chance to ask her, anyway. Even though it was still stifling hot during the day, the nights had started to cool a bit. Charlie was taking full advantage of this, convincing everyone to sit on the screened-in porch as they wound down the evening. He enjoyed watching the lightning bugs flashing through the garden of his new home. There was little peace and quiet, though, with his sisters around. "None of the country ladies caught your fancy, then, Darcy?" Caroline asked with a smirk. She had seen his dour expression all night, secretly pleased that the charms of the quiet country town hadn't swayed him. "Not even the famous Jane Bennet?" Louisa added, cutting her eyes towards her brother. Charlie glanced up at his sisters with a glare. "Well, I think they're the nicest people in the world. Some of the prettiest, too." The siblings smirked menacingly at each other. Deciding to finally join the conversation, Darcy shook his head. "The oldest miss Bennet is, I admit, very pretty." "Just 'very pretty'?" Charlie was incredulous. "Come on, Darce, she's an angel." Darcy smirked at his friend. "I think she smiles too much." The girls giggled delicately. "Come on now, Jane seems like a very sweet girl," Caroline said. "But her mother!" Sighing and rolling his eyes, Charlie gave up. "Though, I have heard that Lizzie Bennet is considered a great beauty around here," Caroline continued. "What do you think, Darcy?" The question made Darcy distinctly uncomfortable, so he stood up and walked to the window. "I'd sooner call her mother witty," he said. His comment was met with laughter from the girls. "Oh, Darcy, be nice," Caroline said playfully. There was suddenly someone standing next to him at the window. "I'll never understand why you're bound and determined to see the bad in everyone," Charlie said, looking at his friend with concern. "And I'll never understand why you try so hard to make everyone seem as good as you," Darcy responded, turning away. He wasn't in the mood for his friend's attempts to rectify the flaws in his character. Charlie sighed, realizing that now wasn't the time. "Well, you won't make me think badly of Jane, at least." His sisters had been listening intently to the private part of their conversation. "Definitely not," Caroline said, deciding to butt in. "I'll brave Darcy's disapproving stare and say she is very sweet, despite her somewhat unfortunate family situation. I would enjoy getting to know her better." "Oh, yes," Louisa added, "I would like that. See, Darcy, we are not afraid of you." Shaking his head, Darcy scowled. "I'd never have thought you were," he grumbled. From the corner, Mr. Hurst woke himself up with a particularly large snore. "What's all this? Right, a damn stupid evening, after all." With that he got up and went off to bed, his wife following behind with a dramatic roll of her eyes. The warm days made the girls lazy, and though they could have found something productive to do, instead the two oldest Bennet sisters had propped themselves up out by the creek, toes in the water. "He's everything I could ever want in a man, Lizzie," Jane fell back onto the mossy bank with a sigh. "Smart, kind, energetic… I've never met anyone like him." "Very handsome, too, that's always a good thing." Lizzie laughed when Jane splashed her. "He does seem to like you. I guess that shows he has good judgment. You have my permission to like him. Lord knows you've made worse choices." A bigger splash from Jane left Lizzie sputtering in amusement. "If only he had better taste in friends and family, though I suppose he can't help who he is related to," Lizzie added. Jane sat up suddenly at that proclamation. "You didn't like them?" She asked her sister, worried. Sensing that her sister was really concerned about her opinion, Lizzie tried to be nicer. "Well, they are definitely different than their brother," she said vaguely. "Maybe at first," Jane responded, "But after a while, I thought they warmed up. Caroline is going to help her brother around the house. I'm sure they'll be very nice neighbors." Lizzie grinned at her sister. "At least one of them," she said coyly. Rolling her eyes, Jane stood up and brushed off her shorts. "I think you're wrong about them," she said boldly. "Even Darcy might get better with time." "Oh, do you think he'll be in the mood to pay attention to young ladies who have been rejected by other men?" Lizzie asked, jumping up and clapping her hands excitedly. Jane shook her head at her sister's dramatics. "It was very rude of him to say that," she said softly, worrying that Lizzie's feelings were hurt more than she let on. Together they walked through the pasture back towards the house. "Sure, it was, a capital offense," Lizzie said, brushing it off. "It looks like Charlotte is here!" They could see their friend coming up the driveway as the came around the back of the house. "Lizzie, Jane!" Charlotte called, breaking into a jog to meet up with the other two girls. "My dad has decided to have a party at the Lodge, I wanted to come to invite you both!" The three of them went inside to tell the rest of the family, knowing that such an invitation would not be rejected by any of the ladies in the family. Lucas Lodge was set back into a grove of trees, a stately old house with ample room for entertaining. Mr. Lucas was known for his house parties, which often went on into the late hours of the night and were filled with food, drinks, and dancing. There was nothing in the world that Charlotte's father enjoyed more than to have their home filled to the brim with happy people. The Bingley sisters found themselves cornered by Mr. Lucas early in the night. "I hope this is just the first of many evening y'all will spend here," he gushed, not realizing that they were desperate to escape. "As you can see, we are very relaxed around here, no need to worry about pretense and awkwardness." A haughty nose was raised in response. "So I've noticed," Caroline said, failing to wiggle her way past the host. She was almost knocked down by a careless child in her haste to get away. "Oh yes, he's quite well off." The unmistakable voice of Mrs. Bennet wafted over the ambient noise of the crowd. Caroline wondered if she were talking about Charles or Darcy. Neither option thrilled her. She spied one of the younger Bennet girls chatting with a group of unrefined young men across the room. "I dare say he danced almost every song with Jane. It really seemed like he couldn't get enough of her." It seemed like Caroline couldn't escape that woman's shrill gloating. She inched toward the bathroom in hopes that she could get a break from the unruly crowd. Mrs. Lucas was busy playing her role as dutiful hostess, making sure that everyone was having a pleasant time. "So, Mr. Forster, are you enjoying your time here in the Tennessee Valley?" She asked the older gentleman that she'd stopped to speak with. He was standing with his wife and Mrs. Bennet, who had been talking with the couple. The man smiled at Mrs. Lucas. "Very much so, ma'am, and even more this evening. I'm afraid the locals don't always take so kindly to us when we come to town." Mr. Forster had been sent to the area by the government as part of a team of workers who specialized in building and maintaining infrastructure. Many local people thought the engineers and builders were taking valuable jobs from town citizens. Never mind that none of the townspeople had the skills needed for the job. A burst of laughter nearby caught the group's attention. The adults smiled at the scene, remembering when they were young and energetic. "Denny and Sanderson seem like they're enjoying themselves," Mrs. Forster commented, nodding at the two young men who were being thoroughly entertained by Lydia and Catie Bennet. Mrs. Bennet beamed at the implication. "You must know the governor, then, living so close in Atlanta," Mr. Lucas asked Caroline, having heard that the Bingley's had a house in Buckhead. Caroline discretely rolled her eyes at her sister. As if everyone in Atlanta knew each other. "No, I don't believe I've met him," she said, her tone dripping with thinly veiled sarcasm. Her answer apparently surprised Mr. Lucas, as his eyebrows shot up dramatically. "Well, we'll have to remedy that! I'll be sure to introduce you sometime." Mr. Lucas had made it small time in local government, which earned him invitations to events that he otherwise had no business attending. It was not something he let anyone forget, either. That was the last straw for Caroline. "Oh, you're too kind," she said with an awkward half-bow and sidestep into the crowd. Before Mr. Lucas realized what was happening, the sisters had staged their escape. "The nerve, to think we need his help in society," Caroline mumbled to her sister as they found a place to sit. "Come on, he seems like a nice person," Louisa chastised her sister. A cruel smile crept across Caroline's face. "And I'm sure he kept a very nice farm before he was elected commissioner or whatever he is." Louisa couldn't help but laugh along at Caroline's jab. There was some commotion across the room that drew their attention. The music stopped suddenly; Mary had been playing the piano in the corner, but she was embroiled in an argument with her youngest sister. Caroline watched in amusement at the drama, though she couldn't quite hear what was said. Eventually, Lydia pranced away in triumph as Mary began to play something more upbeat. "Jane, Charlie, come dance with us!" Lydia called to her sister who was sitting at the edge of the crowd talking with Bingley. Jane blushed at the sudden attention, shaking her head. "Not right now, Lydia," she said, though Charlie looked a bit disappointed in the rejected invitation. He wouldn't have minded dancing again with his lovely new paramour. None of this escaped Darcy's eagle eyes. He was once again leaning against the wall, watching the crowd carefully. There was one person that he watched more than the others, though he would never admit to it. Not for the first time that night, Lizzie felt as if someone were staring at her. She turned, catching Darcy's eye for a brief moment before he looked away. "I see that Mr. Bingley is still enjoying Jane's company," Charlotte commented, watching the couple talking, sitting more closely together than was necessary. "I'm happy for her," Lizzie said with a small smile. Charlotte nodded, considering her friend carefully. "She does seem smitten," she said. Smitten was putting it lightly, Lizzie thought. "I'm afraid if he keeps this up, she might be halfway in love with him before she knows what's happening." "And do you think Bingley is on his way to being in love, too?" Charlotte asked the question that was on Lizzie's mind. Sighing, Lizzie shrugged. "He does seem to like her, don't you think?" It was something that she had been worrying about all night. It wasn't like Jane to spend so much time with one guy; she'd rarely shown particular interest for anyone. "Then she should tell him how she feels. She needs to leave no doubt in his mind what she's thinking if she wants to catch him," Charlotte said with authority. Lizzie let out a disbelieving laugh. "Catch him? Good lord, Charlotte, he's not a fish." That made Charlotte grin. "Well, he's definitely not going to get any encouragement from his sisters," she said, looking disdainfully at the two women. "Or his friend," Lizzie added, causing both of them to look over at Darcy. His gaze was already focused on the two of them, and this time he didn't look away quite as quickly. Charlotte caught the look between the two. "Darcy keeps looking at you, Lizzie," she said, nudging her friend suggestively. "I can't imagine why," Lizzie said. "Unless he wants to scare me off with his contempt. He makes me uncomfortable." She turned pointedly away so he was out of her line of sight. Frowning, Darcy turned his attention away from the two chatting young women. He thought he knew what they were talking about. He scowled, hoping that his irate expression would fend off any attempts at conversation. It was not to be. "Isn't it just so nice, for the young people to be able to dance carefree," Mr. Lucas said, coming to stand beside Darcy. "It is one of the most wholesome forms of entertainment." Darcy mumbled something that Mr. Lucas didn't quite catch. "What was that?" he asked. "Even criminals can dance," Darcy said more clearly. The host wasn't sure what to make of that. "Oh, well, yes. Sure," he stuttered, grasping for something else to say. They stood there awkwardly for a moment, watching the younger Bennet girls spinning in circles with their partners. Lizzie was also watching her sister, noting the unmistakable quality of her dancing that meant she had been drinking something stronger than the punch. "I better go stop Lydia before she barfs all over the floor," she said, sighing as she stood up. She had almost made it to her sister when Mr. Lucas reached out to stop her. "Ah, Lizzie! Why are you not dancing?" Lizzie's heart dropped when she saw who was standing with him. "Darcy, why don't you take Lizzie for a turn on the dance floor? I'm sure you can't refuse such a lovely partner, no matter how much you dislike dancing." Mr. Lucas looked proud of his matchmaking skills. "Thank you," she cut in before Darcy could say anything. "But I hadn't planned on dancing. I hope you don't think I came this way to search for a partner," she said jokingly, trying to lighten the awkwardness of the situation. Darcy didn't even crack a smile. "I would like it very much if you would agree to dance with me, Elizabeth," he said stiffly. The way he used her proper name sent chills up Lizzie's spine. "Um, thanks," she sputtered, "but I'm not in the mood to dance." She didn't think she could handle it, especially if he kept looking at her as intensely as he was at that moment. Mr. Lucas was not pleased with her rejection. "Come on, now, why not? Darcy has even agreed to it, and we all know how he feels about dancing in general." "Mr. Darcy is very kind," Lizzie mumbled, dying to escape. Smiling, Mr. Lucas nodded. "Isn't he? And why shouldn't he be? No one could reject such a wonderful dance partner." Recent history had proven his statement untrue, as both Lizzie and Darcy well knew. "Excuse me," Lizzie said suddenly, "I have to go." In her rush to leave the conversation, she couldn't even come up with a good excuse. Something caught Mr. Lucas's attention across the room, giving him a reason to also leave the uncomfortable silence after Lizzie left. Darcy was once again on his own, free to stare at Lizzie as she made her way towards her sister. "I bet I can guess what you're thinking," Caroline's voice startled him, though he didn't show it. She was almost like a snake, slithering up next to her prey before they knew what was happening. Darcy suppressed a shiver at the thought. "I doubt that," he said dryly. She was standing uncomfortably close. "You were thinking how terrible it's going to be to spend too many more evenings with these people," she said, so sure that he would agree with her assessment. "No, quite the opposite, my thoughts were much more pleasant." He said, enjoying the way she stiffened in irritation. "I was thinking about how much a pair of fine eyes can add to the beauty of a woman." The eyes in question were fixed on the youngest Bennet girl, who was being scolded in the corner by Lizzie. Caroline's breath caught in her throat as her eyebrows shot up. "And who could it be that inspired such a grand epiphany?" She asked, struggling and failing to sound nonchalant. A small smirk twitched at the corner of Darcy's mouth as he considered whether he would answer her question. "Elizabeth Bennet," he said, deciding it was worth it to see Caroline's reaction. She was too easy. "Lizzie Bennet?" She asked, hoping she had heard wrong. Seeing Darcy nod, she followed his gaze, where Lizzie was standing and talking to a group of young men. Caroline let out an ugly snort. "Color me surprised," she said, stepping away and shaking her head. She wondered if Darcy had been drinking whatever spiked drinks that the youngest Bennet girl had obviously gotten in to. He didn't even notice when Caroline walked away in a huff.
