"Good morning Mrs Darcy!" Elizabeth Darcy started lightly at the sound of her new name, but turned to greet her husband with a smile, where he stood in the doorway behind her. "And good morning to you sir" She said, allowing him to take her arm and lead her into the breakfast room, it's bright and welcoming sunshine warmed Elizabeths complexion and for a moment she closed her eyes and her imagination took her to a warm and beautiful garden, filled with the glorious scent of summer blooms. Mr Darcy emitted a light amused chuckle that bought his wife back to her sences, she cast a mirful glance at him. "Might I ask why you laugh at me?" Elizabeth couldnt help speak fondly even though she had meant to tease him, noting him reluctant to answer and for a few moments he mearly raised an eyebrow, clearly in thought. "Why, I have been admiring my beautiful bride," he answered finally and began to eat. She did not know why,but Elizabeth still felt a light blush rise in her face, she was not acustomed to compliments , though Darcy payed them readily and sincerely. She occupied herself instead, with the task at hand, breakfast. It seemed that being home at last ,at Pemberly, was the remedy to her failing appitite. They had speant a glorious three months honeymooning in Scotland, but constantly moving about had, had an adverse effect on Elizabeths countainance. It had been a worry to her husband who now looked on with aproval, though Elizabeth herself believed it to be homesickness and finally she felt appeased. A peaceful quiet fell upon the room where only the clinks of china and spoons were heared. The young couple caught eachothers glance and finally the gentleman rose from his seat and aproached Elizabeth, and upon reaching her pulled her into a gentle embrace. She rested her head on his shoulder and he told her that he loved her dearly. They parted only when the sound of aproaching footsteps in the corridor alerted them to the arrival of the post. The letters were placed on a tray at the table and both took their seats once again, Elizabeth feeling a faint flutter of excitement at seeing her name 'Mrs Darcy' addressed on the envelope. She sat back in her seat and egarly opened it. "My dearest Lizzy, I hope that this letter finds both yourself and Mr Darcy to be in good health. Would you believe darling daughter, that having only just had two daughters married in these few months past, that we are to expect another wedding. I am happy to inform you that your sister Mary is engaged to Mr Pendleton. He is the particular friend of Mr Collins, and had joined their party on a visit to Lucas Lodge. He admired Marys talent and studious manner so much so that within a fortnight they are announced that they will wed! I have informed your sisters Lydia and Jane of the news and I hope that you will all be able to return to longbourne for the happy celebrations, that take place in a month. Kindest regards, your loving Mother." Eyes widened with shock, Elizabeth slowly lowered the letter to the table, Darcy tried several times to capture her attention but failing, he was forced to rise from his seat, fearful that Elizabeths expression had been caused by alarm of some manner. "My dear what is it?" He closed the distance between them, consern creasing his forehead, "Elizabeth, tell me is it bad news?" Elizabth felt his hand upon hers and looked up at him shaking her head in disbelief, " No indeed sir it is not bad news ,infact -" She handed him the letter "It is the complete opposite" Darcy read quickly, his expression changing from confusion to amusement, "Your poor mother is she to lose all her daughters in a year!" He laughed placing it back into her hands "It is poor kitty that I worry about," Elizabeth sighed " She will be all alone at longbourne and the last to marry, oh please may we have her here to stay with us so that she might be a little distracted" "of course" Darcy agreed, willing to do anything to please her, "She may visit as often as you both wish it"
Elizabeth looked up from her writing desk towards the window ,emitting a light sigh, she had been feeling a little unwell and so had taken up the quieter activity of letter writing. Oh how the sky's had changed since the morning ,where the sun had washed everything in gold . The woodlands seemed as though they would never survive the blustery winds that attacked them so viciously. Her dark gentle curls moved and brushed her face as she tore her eyes away, forcing herself to concentrate . She had been at this for almost an hour, after writing to her friend Charlotte Collins, she wrote further letters to her mother,in reply to her letter, her sister Jane Bingley because they were in constant communication, her sister Mary, to offer her congratulations and finally her sister Kitty. She sighed again. This was the letter that caused her grievance. She did not want her sister to think it was purely an invitation based on pity, for it was not. Without Lydia to lead the way to impropriety and nonsense, Kitty had kept to herself and become reserved. Even though Mr Bennett believed this to be far better than her previous disposition, Elizabeth could only assume that it was as a result of melancholy emotions and so she wished to be of assistance to her. Mr and Mrs Darcy were to attend many party's in the coming weeks and these she hoped would lift her sisters spirits. A sudden knocking came at the door and placing down her pen, Elizabeth called that they may enter. Slowly somebody appeared and she recognised the figure to be her young Sister in Law, Miss Georgiana Darcy. She was dressed in her night gown, its soft white muslin sweeping against the stone floor, her feet were bare. "Georgiana?" The manner of the young woman's appearance immediately struck Elizabeth as peculiar, believing her to be unwell, she stood making an alarming noise as the chair scraped the floor and hurried across the room towards her. Miss Darcy had a hand pressed against her mouth and now leant against the door ,supporting her tall frame, she quivered and shook, trying evidently to hold in her convulsive sobbing. "Oh my goodness, what is it?" Alarmed, Elizabeth embraced her, feeling that she did not know what to do. Georgiana leant heavily onto Elizabeth. The first being bigger in frame and height made it a difficult task. "oh sister, I did not know what to do , there has been a terrible accident, I had given up hope of finding a single person at hand , I did not think of ringing the bell." She said in hurried incomprehensible gasps, it was clear to the older woman that she was very distressed. Patiently, Elizabeth released her, but keeping a trembling hand in her own she attempted to calm her friend, and compassionately encouraged her to talk. " There was a man at my window!" Georgiana's eyes grew wider, as though she scarcely dared to speak, "he was just staring in and he startled me so much that I cried out and then he fell, oh Elizabeth , I heard something give way, it is so high he must have met his death!" Horrified, Elizabeth gasped and clutched at her sister. The younger again bursting into fretful tears. She had expected something terrible, but not this. A few long seconds passed as Elizabeth had to take the time to think, "Georgiana I must ask you to stay here whilst I find Mr Darcy," She tried to keep her voice calm and level, though she herself felt the beginnings of panic. " Please try not to distress yourself further or you will become unwell." The young woman placed herself onto a low couch and sat there, seeming relieved to have been given instruction and so Elizabeth left her. Despite being light of frame, Elizabeth was not accustomed to running, expeshally in a house as large as Pemberly. A maid suddenly appeared, clearly alerted by the quickened footsteps and was most alarmed to see that it was the Mistress of the household that came towards her in such a manner. Elizabeth stopped, her breath catching in her throat. Her cheeks hot and flush. "I must see the master , as a matter of urgency." she breathed heavily and the young maid curtsied in a hurry, completely bemused, " Please ring the bell and have somebody attend to Miss Darcy in the west drawing room, she is in a state of distress and send a man to fetch the Doctor as there has been a terrible accident, somebody has fallen from a window!" Elizabeth saw no point in concealing anything and so without further questioning, took flight once again, the house suddenly alive with the ringing of bells, that summoned people from all parts of the building. The woman did not know what she was to do, should she go out, or send somebody. She knew that she should not run but in doing so she felt as though she were being helpful at least. Her husband would be found in the library where he sometimes sat to write letters and deal with business matters. They always remained separate for these dealings as they often distracted one another with conversation and nothing would be accomplished. The light in the corridor was dim but Elizabeth could see well enough despite it being past ten. Avoiding all formality she threw herself through the doorway, causing Mr Darcy to shout out and jump to his feet in an alarmed manner. " What do you mean by this!" he cried out clearly affronted. He must have been asleep at his desk Elizabeth assumed, but there was no time for assumption, "There is not a moment to spare, you must hear me!" she said, strongly to her surprise. "There has been a terrible accident, a man was seen at the bedroom window of your sisters and he has fallen. Georgiana believes him to be on the ground below, grievously injured or worse" "At the window!" Mr Darcy, clearly astonished rang the bell and then turned to his wife once again. " Why on this earth was there a man at the window!" he began to pace "Where is my sister now?" " In the west drawing room being attended to for she is very distressed, I thought it best to find you directly, a doctor has been sent for," she added as an after thought , " though I am not sure who he is to attend to, for if a person has fallen from such a height-" Elizabeth trailed away, feeling unwell herself now, struggling to maintain her composure. Darcy placed his hand to brush her face. "Don't make yourself uneasy my dear" he said gently, "I will go myself and see to this, you have acted in a way no different to how I would have myself." The footsteps of Mr Darcy's manservant could be heard approaching and Darcy hurried out to meet him, "We are to investigate,James" he called, picking up his pace, indicating that he was to be followed. "The Doctor has arrived here sir" James replied, "He waits in the entrance hall" "Good, then he may accompany us." "I will go to your sister." Elizabeth called after them, feeling that there was nothing else that she could be of assistance with, for she did not wish to follow her husband. Georgiana wept still and it seemed to Elizabeth that she had sent away all company, for nobody else could be found in the room beside her. She sat with the girl and took her hand, finding it to be cold and trembling. "Georgiana, try to be calm, your brother is attending to the situation and the Doctor has arrived also, I will ask him to come here when they are done ,for you look very ill indeed, will you not return to bed? if it would help matters you could sleep in a different room tonight?" Georgiana mearly nodded and allowed Elizabeth to make arraingments for a different bedroom to be prepared for her, as she did not want to be in her own room. It was not long before the fire was lit and the bed warmed for Georgiana to rest at last. "Please wait with me?" She begged, her blue eyes red with sorrow. Elizabeth sat at her bedside, promising faithfully to watch over her. By the time the Gentlemen were ready to see them, both young ladies had fallen into a gentle slumber and Mr Darcy hated to disturb them but he felt it necessary for his sister to see the Doctor. Perhaps his wife also, he wondered but then checked himself for she had seemed to manage the whole situation with great composure despite its distressing nature, indeed she is a fine Mistress for Pemberly. The Doctor, a kindly older man, who had been with the family for a long time, spent a few short minutes with Georgiana, who did not wake properly. He then advised Mr Darcy that the girl was to be left to rest and then perhaps when she felt able to travel sent away for a short while which would enable her to forget the whole situation." Elizabeth waited paitently until they were alone before she asked questions of her husband. He had been silent and deep in thought, his troubled face creased. " Come" He beckoned, and Elizabeth went gladly to him. "I do not want you to worry, but we found nobody there in the grounds." Finding herself confused, Elizabeth looked up at him and he read her expression. "It is a great mysery" He mused. " I dont for a second believe that my sister could have imagined it because we found a gentlemans snuff box on the ground, marked, no doubt with the initials of the owner. The owner himself however was nowhere to be seen, so I can assume one of two things, either that he did fall and has somehow escaped with a terrible injury or that he did not fall and dissapeared somehow so as to make it seem he did, either way he will be found, so you may rest easy, my love." "I will not rest easy Fitzwilliam!" She remarked crossly, " why would a person take trouble to climb up and watch through a window, it is a disgusting thought that somebody could do that, what if he comes back, worse is what was he going to do!" "I am afraid I do not have the answers Elizabeth," he said kindly, " But please know that I will not let anything bad happen to you or to Georgiana."
For a few days, there was an unhappy lull at Pemberly that could not be lifted by any distraction. Elizabeth had taken to her bed for most of the morning after the commotion, feeling terribly unwell, but she refused to see the doctor and was up by noon, determined and stubbornly pressing on with the day. She had decided that running was not something she would take into her habit. Georgiana kept to her rooms, sometimes taking meals there and she had not practised her music. That is what worried the young couple most. Mr Darcy, having failed at cheering his sister, and also still not having the information he so wished for, regarding that unhappy evening, sat with his wife and began, "Who should we invite to Pemberly my dear?" Elizabeth smiled at such a sudden and unexpected question for they had been silent for over an hour whilst they both occupied themselves, the gentleman with reading and the lady with embroidery. "Whatever can you mean?" She asked, flinching where she caught her finger with a pin. "I believe that since Georgiana will not take a holiday and the house has taken on a somewhat melancholy air, it would feel more joyful and safe if there were to be more people here, just for a fortnight perhaps, they could arrive at the same time as your sister Catherine if they wish, do you agree?" Elizabeth could only see sense in what her husband said, and upon agreeing, he asked her again who she would like to see amongst the party. "Mr and Mrs Bingley of course" he began for her and it gave her great joy to think that her sister Jane would soon be there with her once more, for there was something of an intimate nature that she wished to discuss with only her. "Well" She began, " it does depend entirely on how big this party is to be, but I will start by suggesting your cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam, oh and I don't suppose we should slight Miss Bingley and also Mr and Mrs Hurst," Elizabeth added as an afterthought, "they would be terribly affronted" Mr Darcy made an amused noise and told his wife that she was too kind for her own good and it would be her undoing, for he knew how ill they had treated her previously, and were now filled with false admiration and flattery for his wife, because she was held in high esteem by many member of valued society. They, between them drew up a list and Elizabeth flexed her fingers with a deft smile, "Shall I write to Miss Bingley?" she asked making her husband laugh, "Yes do," He answered, "I am sure nothing else would both please and vex her more!" For the first in those few days, Georgiana's countenance lifted. She exclaimed that she would very much like to receive the company of those friends and would be pleased to become better acquainted with Elizabeth's sisters, Jane, Mary and Catherine (Kitty). "Oh please don't assume that I am not content with your company Elizabeth!" She said quietly, "it is just that when we have guests and the house is busy, I find it hard to be unhappy, I do long for some noise!" Elizabeth laughed and a badly pinned curl dropped and tickled her face, which made them laugh harder once again, "This will not do!" The woman cried, tucking it behind her ear for that moment, Elizabeth understood all too well the occasional need for a break in the peacefulness of things. Coming from a much smaller residence , and being one of five sisters, Pemberly was at times overwhelming despite all of its beauty and splendour. Within a day, responses were beginning to arrive. Mary had declined, saying that she needed to be at home at present, also the collins' were forced to decline due to unforeseen circumstances, Elizabeth detected the hand of Lady Catherine, but knew better than to pass comment. Charles and Jane however were to arrive the very next day, along with kitty, who was to travel with them, Mr and Mrs Hurst the day after with their sister Miss Bingley, who was 'delighted' to be received at Pemberly . The Colonel would also be joining them, but would have to delay his journey a few more days due to business matters. Feeling pleased, Elizabeth spoke of this to her husband and sister in law at dinner, saying that it would be a happy party. But Georgiana seemed a little confused, she rarely asked questions except when in the company of family and close friends. "I know it is bold of me to ask but I wondered if your youngest sister would be joining us?" "Oh- Lydia?" Elizabeth's face coloured and she looked upon her husband for guidance but he said nothing, seeming unsure but, almost, she suspected, waiting to see how she herself would approach this subject, she would talk to him later about her dislike of testing. Thinking before she answered, Elizabeth decided that it was best to be honest and speak the truth. "You see Lydia may come here but she will not accept the invitation because her husband is not welcome." Georgiana pursed her lips and said no more. Elizabeth wondered if the young woman had realised who she may be referring to and hoped that she had dealt with the conversation correctly, and not caused offence. It seemed that she had not for Georgiana began discussing a matter about the gardens and Elizabeth was for a moment released from conversing and allowed herself to think for, it seemed, the first time since they had returned home. She was still troubled by the thought of the man at the window, she had not wanted there to be a gruesome accident but at the same time,not knowing where this fiend had vanished was very unsettling. But there was too much for the young Mrs Darcy to arrange, for her to have time to sit in leisure and think. She had ordered the food for the following day and now began making arraingments for the bedrooms to be prepared to receive their guests. Elizabeth did not feel herself unequal to the task but she began to appreciate how much work it took to manage a house the size of Pemberly. Whilst walking in the gardens later that evening she envisioned her guests arriving, and felt how keenly she longed to see her sisters, they had not seen each other for almost four months and Elizabeth hoped that they might stay for the summer, but she knew that was wrong of her and that she couldn't keep them all shut away at Pemberly to herself. She tried to console herself in the knowledge that more happy occasions would bring them all together many more times before Michaelmas came upon them. "Elizabeth!" a voice called from behind her and she recognised it to be her husbands, "what are you doing out here at this hour, it is too cold surely!" He scolded gently, but with a smile, "I was just taking a turn about the gardens" she answered, not willing to divulge all her thoughts to him, "Would you join me?" He took her arm willingly and together they walked the lawn and through the orchards, the smell of apple blossom was invigorating. "You are happy dear, are you not?" Mr Darcy asked, looking down at his wife with genuine affection. Elizabeth often wondered how she could ever have mistaken that look to be anything else. " I am yes, very much so" she daringly reached up and kissed him on the face, making him laugh at her quaintness, "Why do you ask?" she wondered as they began walking once again, "I know that our first week here has been overly eventful, but otherwise, I don't think I could ever be displeased with Pemberly!" "It is just that sometimes you have this expression, I cannot work out what it means!" "oh ?" she asked, amused. "I mean that you seem to be deep in contemplation, quite often infact and I was hoping that those thoughts that took you from us are happy ones and not something otherwise unsettling" "no, not unhappy" Elizabeth reassured him deciding that they were not all unhappy thoughts, " I could never be unhappy with you my dear." Content, Mr Darcy suggested that they turn around just as light rain could be felt, "Are we never to have any time out doors" his wife said in good humour, beginning to pick up her speed, but then remembering how running had affected her the last time she checked herself and stopped, allowing her husband to lead her home again.
The house bustled with noise, footsteps of hassled maids and footmen running errands echoed through the corridors of Pemberly. The servants bells rang all over, sending people scattering, fires were lit, carpets beaten with extra ferocity. The floor of the smaller ball room washed and polished, for parties of young gentlemen and ladies must always be in want of a ballroom. Elizabeth and Georgiana resided over this, the older girl having gentle authority, and the younger having a more intimate knowledge of their home. It was decided that the guests were to be given rooms in the same quarter of the house that the family resided within. Elizabeth inspected them, feeling as though the only thing that would make them perfect would be a fresh vase of spring blooms in each. Now that, she said to herself, I need not bother the poor maids for, as I can do it very well myself, she smiled and went in search of a basket and a small knife. An hour later, having made the last alterations to her own preference, she placed herself to read in the drawing room along side Georgiana, finally satisfied that Pemberly could receive its visitors very well. As the party were announced into the drawing room later on that day, Elizabeth and Georgiana both stood to greet their guests with much pleasure and anticipation. "Oh Jane, Kitty!," Elizabeth , forgetting herself completely, rose up out of her seat and hurried across the room, the feelings of longing she had suppressed finally burst forth . She embraced them both in turn and curtsied to Mr Bingley, who was full of smiles and happiness. "A pleasure as always, Mrs Darcy" He bowed " and Miss Darcy" Realising that she was neglecting her role as hostess in place of her husband, who hurried back that instant, having sent word that he had been delayed, Elizabeth quickly made the proper introductions between her sister Kitty and Miss Georgiana, who had never before been introduced. "it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance Miss Darcy." Kitty said quietly and serenely, Elizabeth wondered when she had become so reserved? Feeling that she did not know where this quiet creature had come from. The two girls talked quietly together, it was evident that could easily become good friends. Georgiana soon after begged leave from the older ladies and gentleman to take a walk with Miss Bennett and show her the house. That is one thing, at least kitty gets a title now ,Elizabeth thought, amused that she herself had never received it. She does look altered since we last met. She has grown a little, but it has made her seem thin and as though she does not sleep for her eyes are without light. The young ladies left the room , Kitty caught her sisters eye as she disappeared around the doorway, attempting a watery smile which was returned and then they were gone. Elizabeth shook her head lightly and turned now to examine her other sister, who talked easily with the two gentlemen, for Mr Darcy had now returned. She was happy to find her feelings of Kitty to be contrasted in Jane who looked so beautiful in her happiness. Jane came to sit along side her soon after, in the cushioned window seat whilst the gentlemen situated themselves towards the other side of the room and could be heard discussing a drink of port. Both ladies smiled and turned back to each other, " How do you find being here Lizzy, do you like it well?" Her sister asked eventually. "I love it here Jane, it is so beautiful, and so big, I have scarcely began to explore at all, the only thing that has made me uneasy is the incident that you have no doubt been told of" she replied, and then in hushed tones she acquainted Jane with the story, as her sister had not heard enough of it to piece together a clear picture of what truly happened. "My goodness, what goings on!" Jane remarked eventually , "I hope there will be no more of that whilst we are here, or at all , how alarming!" "Indeed" Elizabeth grimaced "there are plenty enough goings on without such things! Tell me, what of Mary's future husband , does he suit her well?" "I would say they are well matched, he is a clergyman, learned, reserved and well spoken, he is quite handsome too!" "Well I wish our sister every happiness" Elizabeth turned inward, her dress rustling suspiciously as she moved, "Tell me , does Kitty bare it well Jane?" "Oh no ,Not at all," was her reply, " But she has confessed to me that she longs terribly to see Lydia, who has written only once in these past few months, she began to cry ,so I am lead to believe that missing her company only adds to her sorrow!" "Oh poor Kitty" Elizabeth felt a pang in her chest and a keen longing to help set things right, but she knew there was little that could be done. Despite that, she understood that Lydia was Kitty's friend and dear sister and that she must miss her just as she and Jane missed each other. "Oh it is such a shame." Elizabeth let out an exasperated sigh "Lydia would never accept an invitation to come here alone, and if I were to be completely honest it would be bad manners to address it such!" "But then if we go along like that Elizabeth, we will never see our sister except for when we visit them in Nottingham, which at present is impossible for she has not replied to a single letter." "I know you are right" she sighed, "Perhaps there is some happy alternative that we can achieve somehow." The party dined late that afternoon, everyone, including Kitty ate well, much to Elizabeth's approval. The room filled with happy light conversation and it had the desired effect on the whole household. The atmosphere was very much lifted there. Georgiana smiled easily as she talked with Kitty, Mr Darcy looked at ease for the first time and she herself felt her feelings appeased. She was not unhappy with her situation, she told herself, it had only been a shock to leave her large family and she sometimes wished that Pemberly were as easily situated to Longbourne as Netherfield Park was. With everybody away, some very far away and only solitary Mary as a companion, Elizabeth could only assume how lonely her younger sister must have been for when she questioned her on the matter, Kitty did not want to discuss it in depth and would only say that she hopes to see Lydia soon. Determined to right this in some way Elizabeth sought her husbands advice ,when she had a chance to talk with him in the privacy of their bedchamber's that night. "My dear?" she spoke as they lay resting upon the bed, and her husband opened a weary eye, drawing her closer to him. "I wondered if you would advise me?" "I will try," He said, a smile played on his lips, "But I do not know how well I will advise you in my present state." "I am troubled." At once there was a shifting sound and Darcy rose, took a candle to the dying fire and came back with it once again. "What troubles you my Elizabeth?" he placed a gentle hand upon her head. " It is my sister Catherine," she began "I believe that she looks very ill, she has grown quiet and thin. Jane says that it is due to her worrying about our sister Lydia Wickham, she longs for the company of her dearest friend." Mr Darcy was quiet a long while and Elizabeth worried that she had angered him. " I am sorry Elizabeth but I cannot permit George Wickham into our home, if his wife wishes to call upon you here then I will allow it." "I understand, I would not ask you to welcome him here, but I fear that Lydia will not accept an invitation without her husband. I wondered, if Lydia will not accept, perhaps we might convey Kitty to Nottingham?" " Certainly" He said, closing his eyes once again, " If Mr and Mrs Bennett will allow it, I will be more than glad to assist Kitty in getting to Nottingham, but surely with Miss Mary's wedding fast approaching, they will return to Longbourne before the month is over?" " I don't think it likely, Lydia had said they will not pass this way for a long time, and with Mr Wickhams commission in the army there ,he is not guaranteed leave to travel such a distance! Oh it is a shame, Lydia so far away from everyone familiar, she will miss so many happy times." "There cannot be too many more weddings amongst our acquaintance!" Mr Darcy exclaimed, " No for I think my mother has married off half of the country. I don't just talk of weddings, but other celebrations, of happy gatherings not unlike our own here, or other times that cause for celebrations such as children!" Her husband gave a light smile and reached for the candle, blowing it out, "When such happy events occur, I am sure that she could not refuse to visit!" he said into the darkness. Elizabeth blushed and lay there wondering if she should tell him that these happy events may in fact be closer in time than he anticipated. She decided against it and fell into an easy slumber. Elizabeth woke early and upon finding her husband to be out shouting with Mr Bingley, Elizabeth sought out her sister Jane that very morning. Asking her to sit in a small parlour where they would not be disturbed. " It is not like you to be so secretive Lizzy?" Jane smiled, when they had been sitting for a short while and Elizabeth still could not find the right way to say what she meant to. " You are not ill are you?" Her sister asked , noticing for the first time, Elizabeth's flushed expression. Flustered, the young woman took her sisters hand, and pressed its coolness against her own warm face. " I have been feeling a little unwell , almost every day, and I am so exhausted , I am not yet sure but I think this could only mean one thing " "Oh Elizabeth!" Jane exclaimed in delight, " I am to be an Aunt?" "Hush Jane" Elizabeth said quietly with a smile, glancing at the doorway, " It would not do for any one to hear as I have not yet told Mr Darcy of my suspicions, for if they prove to be wrong, owing that I have little experience in these things, then I fear he will be disappointed! " "Oh but you must be fairly sure, to be suspicious, surely you should consult with the Doctor and he could prove your suspicions right or wrong?" "I am fairly sure, and have been questioning the matter for several weeks, I will wait for one more week" Elizabeth promised, "and I will admit my suspicions and consult with the doctor, please keep my secret Jane, as I had to tell somebody or I would have been driven mad.!" "of course, if it is what you wish Lizzy, you can be assured of my secrecy!" Glad to have finally talked to Jane, Elizabeth began trying to adjust to the idea herself and started to feel that becoming a mother would make her very happy.
* Note. I just wanted to thank the people who have left reviews for my work, it is very rewarding to know that there are people waiting to read more, please don't hesitate to leave a comment as I always take into regard any advice, criticism or praise, that more experienced writers have to offer me and as long as I know that people are reading this, I will continue with it. Thanks guys. Love sian x Mr and Mrs Hurst arrived with their sister Miss Bingley later on that week after sending their deepest apology's, that they were delayed. They were quickly followed by friends of Mr Darcy, A Mr Henry Atherton and his wife Edith. The young couple were pleasant and attractive, greeting Elizabeth with warmest regard, expressing that they had long wished to know her. Mr Atherton had known Darcy since childhood, he was a tall man with a broad smile and fair complexion and his wife, a pretty faced and small framed girl ,of around 19 years, had been well acquainted with Georgiana. Elizabeth observed the young ladies exchange of affection and then the covetous look that briefly flashed across the face of Caroline Bingley, Miss Bingley always fancied herself to be a great friend of Georgiana, but Elizabeth could see that it was not the case. Being a woman dominated by a friendly disposition, despite her feelings, Elizabeth did not wish to have any guest of hers be unhappy, which Caroline deemed to become after seeing Kitty introduced to Edith, and be received happily into the discussion. So Elizabeth decided she must greet Caroline Bingley with warm salutation, "It is so nice to see you again Miss Bingley, I hope you are well?" she said ,noting that Caroline looked very pleased indeed, and watched discreetly in the hope that the exchange between them had not gone unnoticed. " I am very well Mrs Darcy, I thank you" she simpered. Since taking her married name, Elizabeth was suddenly told of being on intimate terms of friendship with Miss Bingley, this of course had been fabricated by the woman herself , for she was sensible to the knowledge that a connection between them could only work to her advantage. Mr and Mrs Hurst were also of the same opinion, for they too were in good humour and full of praise. " I must say that you look very well indeed Mrs Darcy" Mrs Hurst had left the side of her husband not wanting to be excluded. Elizabeth had never sort out their good opinion once, since knowing them, and when she heard within society that she , along with her sister Jane were such good friends of theirs, she had been too kind natured to correct it and acknowledged the acquaintance, despite not knowing when they had apparently taken time to know each other well. The Party moved into the drawing room shortly after, where they began waiting for dinner to be announced. The guests talked excitedly of dancing and music later that evening, awaiting the arrival of Colonel Fitzwilliam. Before she could enter, Mr Darcy intercepted Elizabeth and requested that she step into the study with him for just a moment. They therefore excused themselves and Elizabeth, confused, began to worry that he had discovered her secret and would be angry, but she knew it could not be true, for Jane would never betray her trust in that way. Her husband refused to discuss anything of consequence during their walk to the other end of the house, saying that it would all be said when know one would hear him. He closed the door behind them and then, maintaining his look of seriousness, Mr Darcy reached into his desk and withdrew two letters, one yet unopened. There was an air of foreboding about the place and anxious, Elizabeth walked to the window and sat herself on the small couch there, trying not to give an appearance of nervousness. "I have called you away from the party because there are some things that you need to be urgently made aware of, and I do not wish to make people uneasy" Elizabeth breathed a concealed sigh of relief, and reached out for her husbands hand, feeling that what ever this was, it firstly was not of her doing and secondly could not be something good. He sat beside her, the faint lines on his face creased with anxiety. "I suppose I should begin with the results of my enquires after the night of Georgiana's unfortunate experience." he began. Elizabeth nodded and made a noise of encouragement, eager to have this mystery solved. Her husband continued, placing the letters down upon his knee. "upon enquiry ,it has been told to me by the inn keeper himself, that a man under the guise of a Mr Partridge, had taken a room at the inn in Lambton on the morning of that very same day. He has been described as being a young gentleman , not yet of five and twenty, who had travelled in alone by post. He left the inn at around six in the evening saying that he was paying respects to a friend. He then returned very late , seeming grievously injured, and unable to walk effectively. He claimed that thieves had accosted him, but would not allow the inn keeper to contact the authority's or indeed send for medical assistance, he forthwith accepted assistance from the Inn keepers wife and then quitted the place in the middle of the night, regardless of the good advice of the inn keeper!" Having heard this, Elizabeth sat for just a few moments, taking in the details of the situation. "and what of him after that," She asked eventually, "for having heard this I believe he must be found out" "His location cannot be traced any further" He said regretfully and with feeling. Elizabeth took his hand into hers, " Is there anything more we can do then my dear?" she said. He shook his head , saying that unless he found the direction of the man's exit, there was very little that could be done. He then took up the letters there once more, now looking truly unhappy. "I have something here, that I need to discuss with you" he took up her hand again, "It is not concerning the previous matter but something that I have concealed from you in this past fortnight." curiously, Elizabeth tried to glance the address on the envelope, but it was hidden, " It is not bad news I hope?" She asked, feeling weary and out of spirits. "I am afraid it is not good!" He confirmed, "I have here a letter from a gentleman who is well acquainted with Our Brother in Law, Mr Wickham." "Oh no" Elizabeth gave an unhappy groan and her husband placed a comforting kiss upon her forehead, "I am sorry my love, but these are details I felt you should learn of." He said gently, and so Elizabeth placed herself better to listen. "As I have said previously, this letter reached me two weeks ago and I can only apologise for not telling you of its content before, I have here the unfortunate information that Mr Wickham has been living far beyond his means in these last months. I can hardly say I did not expect this but, he now owes an indescribable amount of money to a gentleman, signed a Mr R. Kent, whom I believe is not to be trifled with, and-" He held up his hand to prevent an interruption from Elizabeth "This is where I have been bought into the matter. Mr Wickham, unable to pay this gentleman has given him my name as being married to the sister of his wife and claims that we are the only relations who would afford to help him, and so this letter conveys these details and Mr Kent requests that we assist our relation, or he will be forced to take immediate action upon him ." "My goodness!" Elizabeth exclaimed, "who sends such a letter!" "a man who is owed a grievous sum ,Elizabeth" Mr Darcy answered her in all seriousness. "Oh whatever are we to do about this!" she dabbed at her face with a handkerchief feeling warm and uncomfortable. Mr Darcy noticing that his wife was in need of relief, opened the window a little and sat back down. "Now my dear, I am not a callous man," He began, "and I wished to discuss with you my actions on this. I will of course take pity on your sister and can assure you that Lydia will be taken care of in every possible way, regardless of the outcome. For she is but sixteen years old and cannot help that her husband shows little regard for her well-being, as everything he does is bound to have an ill effect upon her." "Though I am sure she gives him encouragement," Elizabeth remarked with disdain, "She has always thought of money as an unending source!" "Maybe so my dear, but as I have said we will assist your sister, but I will not assist Mr Wickham. He truly has exhausted all of my patience and I can no longer be responsible for him, he is foolish and I fear he must learn that about himself!" "I am inclined to agree with you, but surely these people will enact their revenge in a violent manner, I do not hold any regard for him, but he is my sisters husband and I do not wish him harm for her sake only!" "No indeed, I understand my love but I am sorry, he must be held accountable for his actions from now on." with Elizabeth about to answer, they were interrupted unexpectedly. "Lizzy?" A hesitant voice could be heard outside in the corridor, it was Kitty seeking her out and, Elizabeth, asked her husband quickly if her sister might be made aware of this matter as she would later relay it to Jane and Kitty anyway. "I will not ask you to conceal it from her,she is also your sister and will be affected by this" he said. Elizabeth opened the door and called to Kitty, who, not knowing where they were, had long passed them. "My apologies for the interruption" she seemed worried ,but Mr Darcy asked her to come in for they would need to have a discussion with her at some point. They, between them, told her of all the details that were necessary. "Oh our poor Lydia!" Kitty, clutched at her sister, looking for relief, "she will be made destitute surely and will be ruined!" "Calm yourself," Elizabeth placed a reassuring hand upon her shoulder, softening her tone, she said "we will not allow Lydia to come to any harm or ruin, for she too is a victim of Mr Wickhams unwise decisions. Regardless of the outcome, she will be provided for in every way possible, though Mr Darcy feels that no more can be done to assist her husband." Kitty wiped a tear from her cheek, and thanked Mr Darcy, knowing that her sister was not in danger, she regained her composure at once. "I have been holding onto this letter since the beginning of the day," Mr Darcy handed it to his wife and to her great surprise, she recognised Lydias hand, "I kept it in hope of broaching this previous subject of conversation, "Lydia has not written to me in months!" Kitty remarked with a note of anger in her voice, Elizabeth, not knowing what to answer her with opened it and read its brief contents. "I wrote offering her an invitation to Pemberly," She told her sister eventually, "I said that you were here and we all wished to see her, but she has declined and replys saying she is unable to oblige us but that you may be sent to her instead Kitty." Kitty contemplated for a moment, whilst Mr Darcy confessed that he thought it to be a very unwise idea, but the young woman disagreed. "I will visit our sister" she said, "I will convince her ,for she will listen to me. May I fetch her back here to you Lizzy,on the pretence of a visit for she will never be willing to go home to Longbourne, then we can make her aware of her unfortunate situation for she cannot be sensible of it surely. If we can make her see sense then perhaps she will remain here until the summer and all the trouble will be done with!" "But Kitty what if she refuses, besides Mr Wickham is in a great deal of trouble, do you really want to put yourself right into the middle of it all!" Kitty remained stead fast in her resolve however, "I will at least see my sister and if there is trouble then I will leave immediately!" She remarked, "hopefully with Lydia at my side!" After a long discussion, it was finally agreed that Mr and Mrs Darcy would, with her parents permission, provide the means for Kitty to travel up to Nottingham from Pemberly as soon as all the necessary arrangements could be made, though Elizabeth was very unhappy about it. "We will travel with you Kitty" she said after much thought, but her sister refused, "Then Lydia will know immediately that something is wrong, for you have barely been married these four months and she will be quick to question why you are not needed at home, she will not return at all, you know how she is Lizzy! No I must go alone" "She is right Elizabeth," Mr Darcy said, looking between them, his voice strained, "I am not happy with this either but it seems your sisters resolve is set?" "It is," Kitty answered, "I am determined" "Well then, that is how it will be, you will travel with a chaperone and servant however as the journey is almost two hundred miles and will likely take a week at a moderate pace, five days at a push though I am sure it is likely to kill the horses," Mr Darcy's attempted joke went unnoticed. Kitty's eyes widened but she nodded confirming that she was well aware of the journeys distance and still willing to undertake it. "very well then," Mr Darcy looked at his wife who was at a complete loss, she had not known this independent sister for long enough to trust that she was sensible in undertaking such a task, but it seemed that a plan had been formed and she went away to write and ask the permission from her parents and Lydia, that was needed to plan the day of Kitty's departure.
The only person of the happy gathering who knew the true nature of Kitty's journey was their sister Jane. Distressed, as the others talked of how joyful Mrs Wickham would be to receive her sister in Nottingham, Jane left the room for several moments in order to keep her composure, and then returned to her husbands side, feeling disjointed and unhappy. Elizabeth wanted to offer her comfort but also did not wish to draw attention to the matter. Georgiana and Kitty sat talking quietly together on the couch, in each others confidence. "Oh Miss Kitty I should love to have an adventure like that and travel to the north, I wish that I could accompany you!" "Absolutely not!" Mr Darcy raised his eyes and looked up from his book where he sat, his temper was very ill, for he had written a reply to Mr Kent that morning, and made it known that he would not take responsibility for Mr Wickhams debts. He continued such to quietly reprimand his sister, " I will not have you travelling up there to..." he stopped, looking hasted "Besides you have not been introduced to Mrs Wickham," He said, pronouncing the last word with venom" it would be very presumptuous of you to assume that you will be accepted into the household without even an invitation." Georgiana was affronted, she had not begged an invitation from Kitty, she had mealy expressed her wish to travel. Being tender hearted, her pretty face became confused and unhappy at the name Wickham. Elizabeth's reproach of her husband made him apologise immediately and she could see that he regretted his words,knowing them to be the result of the current situation they recently found themselves in. He loved his sister and would not mean her harm. Their company, otherwise engaged with each other had not noticed the exchange ,much to the relief of all involved and Georgiana accepted the apology, though with the manner of being still injured. It had all been arranged, Kitty was to leave in four days time, on Wednesday, the coach would stop each night at an inn where Kitty would be received, given food and a room. She would then send word to her sister Elizabeth and to her parents when she had been met in Nottingham by the Wickhams. It had been arranged that she was to stay a fortnight before returning back to Pemberly, hopefully with Lydia at her side or not far behind her. "I do not like this at all, it makes me uneasy to think of Kitty going so far all alone" Jane confessed as she and Elizabeth talked alone in her bed chamber that night. The two women sat in semi darkness upon the bed. It had been the only place they could speak without Caroline Bingley listening hard to hear them and offering her ill informed opinions. Not wishing to be unkind and rude, Jane had gone to lay down for she had a headache and now Elizabeth had come to see if she felt better. Under this pretence they were able to discuss what they needed to without interruption. "I am sure Kitty will be fine Jane she is not completely by herself," Elizabeth, shifted uncomfortably," but oh what an unhappy situation for poor Lydia to find herself in , I doubt she knows the truth of it ,and for Wickham to ask for more money after all that has been done for him!" "It is indeed a scandal," Jane sighed, clearly troubled with all that had happened. They were silent for a short while, lost in their own turmoil's. "I wish Kitty would see sense and let me travel with her" Jane seemed shocked at her sisters suggestion, and shook her head in disagreement. "a two hundred mile journey in your condition Lizzy?" She remarked, "I think that very unwise, what if you were taken ill, then what would you do!" "Supposed condition for I am yet to discover its truth," Elizabeth smiled, " and besides no harm would come for I am very well. As it stands, you need not worry, if I were to accompany Kitty, it would raise too much suspicion in Lydia and she would then refuse to return to Pemberly" "You win Lizzy, for now" Jane sighed, "but please see the Doctor soon, Mr Darcy will not blame you if your suspicions are proved wrong." "He will not, I just want to be sure before creating mayhem by calling out the Doctor, expeshally with so many guests in the house, it wouldn't do to have people asking questions now would it" "I understand, I suppose,"Jane took a brush to her hair and smoothed out the golden strands that framed her pretty face, she was quiet a moment, "It is always our family, is it not Lizzy," she smiled delicately, her gentle patience clearly tested in these last few days. Elizabeth slipped an arm around her sister, "don't assume it is us alone!" She laughed, " there is plenty of scandal about, it is not just our family that are subjected to it!" "I know that it was a foolish notion, it just seems that way sometimes" Jane lay back and spread her hair out onto her pillow, where it looked beautiful and Lizzy couldn't help admire it,the conversation had now finished. Just as they would when they were children, Elizabeth joined her then, she too draping her hair in its loose curls, their colour covering the pillow, together a stark contrast of light and dark. They fell asleep like that, much to the great amusement of the young maid who tended to the fire that night, she added more coals and then ensured that the windows were closed correctly so they would not feel the cold. Upon looking, the young girl fancied she saw someone walking the path on the west side of the garden, they moved quickly away from the house and she could only assume that one of the gentlemen had taken a late walk. She turned back to the door then, the women did not move once and slept soundly and serenely, like Angels, the girl thought with a gentle smile. Having received the correctly anticipated permission of all involved ,It was a subdued gathering that bade Kitty farewell on the Wednesday, for other members of the party were also leaving them prematurely. Mr Bingley, had been forced to return home after a fall from a horse during a hunt, and he, though fond of Pemberly and its occupants, expressed a wish to be in his own home to recover, of course Jane went with him and also Mr and Mrs Hurst and Miss Bingley too. The Colonel was yet to arrive and the Atherton's had left a day ago. "and then there were three" Elizabeth sighed whimsically, turning back into the house. "Yes" Mr Darcy took her hand, " but you have me here my dear, I am at your disposal, and my sister will be here for another month at least, though I hope Georgiana will not keep to herself again" They watched the young woman, who they knew to be making her way to the music room, sheets of paper clutched to her, " I think she is in fair spirits , for when she was not, she did not play the pianoforte once" Elizabeth smiled, " do not worry, for the house will soon be filled with noise once again, my sisters will not long return , Mrs Wickham despises silence and so herself makes up enough to account for six people!" "You are wicked Lizzy," he laughed, reaching out for her, he swept her up off her feet, making her cling on for fear of falling, her dress falling around her like water. "I am glad of quiet for I would not have been able to do this while our guests looked on and laughed!" "No!" Elizabeth let out a startled shriek of protest, "and I will not allow it either set me down immediately!" she herself laughed now, unable to contain it, and he set her down upon her feet once more, "I fear you are mad Mr Darcy!" Elizabeth brushed down her skirt. " well then you made it so my dearest Lizzy for I would never do such a thing before I had made your acquaintance!" he kissed her then, and she could only marvel at his sudden change in countenance, you are a strange being indeed Mr Darcy, she smiled to herself, knowing that he was trying to make amends for his previously ill temperament. Life returned to the way it had been, the house of Pemberly lay dormant and as she could not spend every waking minute by the the side of either her husband or sister in law, Elizabeth at times found herself to be quite lonely, thank goodness for Jane and Charlotte, she thought and tucked their letters into a pocket inside her dress and put on a bonnet. She was feeling a peculiar change in temperament and had hoped, though only two days had passed, to find at least one of the letters to be of kitty's hand , sure that this was the cause that bought about her unsettlement, Elizabeth walked down to the rose gardens for the afternoon had been uncommonly warm and she longed to see if the roses had yet began to bud. The gardens of Pemberly were enchanting, their sweeping green lawns and rambling flower filled verges, could not however tempt Mrs Darcy. She sat upon the ground,and knowing that she was not watched removed her bonnet and gloves before taking up her sisters letter. Jane told her that Mr Bingley felt much improved and regretted quitting Pemberly,having had his condition reconfirmed by their own doctor, to be a sprain, and not a broken bone as they had first thought. She also went on to express her wish that they could receive them at Netherfield in the coming months, perhaps in the middle June, if all was well. You can count upon it my dearest sister, she said to herself feeling keenly, the loss of her company once again. Elizabeth went on then and reached a mid point in Charlotte Collins' letter, the majority of it conveying the doings of their infant son, Andrew William Collins. A bonny little boy who had, luckily in Elizabeth's opinions, developed the looks and quiet disposition of his mother. Disturbed suddenly by a noise, Elizabeth happened to glance up and was quite astonished to see James, Mr Darcy's valet, hurrying in her direction , quite a distance away. She sighed and tucked the letter away once again. He cannot be looking for me surely she thought to herself, though thinking it best to put on her bonnet and gloves once more, she began to walk back in the direction of the house. It was not long in their meeting,as James had indeed been moving at a fast pace. He halted, upon reaching the young woman and attempted a bow, but affected by age and exertion, he gasped, struggling to draw breath with effect. "James what is it?" Elizabeth, concerned, felt as though she should offer her arm for the man to lean upon, but she knew it to be improper and he would never accept her assistance. "Madam, I apologise for my abrupt intrusion, but the Master asks that you return home immediately." "My goodness is he unwell!" Elizabeth cried, "Is it Miss Darcy?" "I can assure you that they are both well, all I can tell, is that you're Mother and Father are arrived from Longbourne." "My parents?" Elizabeth knew immediately then, that there must be something very wrong for they would never otherwise arrive unannounced
Again thank you for the reviews and alerts, I am glad my work is being read and hopefully enjoyed...here is chapter 7, I hope to begin tying all the mysteries together in the coming ones. x Elizabeth was met by the sound of keen sobbing and recognised it to be her mother. Foreboding sank into every bone and sinew, she desperately wanted to run from the study door as James introduced her arrival. "Oh Elizabeth!" Mrs Bennett was quite afflicted and threw herself upon her young daughter, her hair flying astray and tears staining her cheeks, "Mother what ever is it!" Elizabeth guided her mother to a chair and looked to the grave faces of her father and husband hoping to find that these tears were the result of some mellow drama. They were not however for the two gentlemen seemed very unhappy. "James!" Mr Darcy called as the man had been about to excuse himself, "would you have a room prepared for Mrs Bennett so that she may rest herself!" The Valet bowed and hurried away then, his footsteps urgently clattering on the marble floor. "Oh Elizabeth, oh" Mrs Bennett rocked gently where she sat, her husband rose to stand by her side. He placed a hand on her shoulder, seeming himself to be extremely moved by an emotion. Mr Bennett's health, had in these few months been failing, and Elizabeth wondered how he bore this display. "Please tell me," Elizabeth pleaded with them looking around, her mouth parched with nervousness. "I cannot bare this silence a minute longer!" Mr Darcy made a movement as though to begin offering some form of explanation, but whatever he had meant to say was drowned out by the distressed wailing of his mother in law. "Oh my little child, my beautiful darling child. It feels only yesterday that I held her in my arms and her eyes gazed up at my own and now ..now... I cannot bare this I shall die...oh Mr Bennett what are we to do!" The woman let out a primal cry. Elizabeth began feeling sick with fear and felt the thrill of it deep within her chest. She was relieved to hear footsteps come back down towards them and Mrs Bennett left them then crying out for each of her daughters in turn. "My Dear I beg you be seated," Mr Darcy turned to her gesturing to a seat , her father seconded the request. "Do you wish to relay the tale Sir?" Mr Bennett said grimly, obviously feeling himself to be unequal to the task. Elizabeth braced herself. Not knowing what to expect quite unhinged her and she began to tremble. "Your parents have received distressing news this morning," Mr Darcy began pacing about in an affected manner, his voice shook a little. "It is regarding your sister Catherine." "Oh dear lord, Kitty!" Elizabeth could not help cry out, but her husband begged her to be silent and hear him speak. Elizabeth could not look while he did and covered her mouth with her hand for fear she would shout once more. Her father, just as he had done with his wife, now placed a hand on the shoulder of his daughter, in an attempt to reassure and offer comfort. "late last night a maid raised alarm at a house, situated two days journey from here, crying that the carriage had been stopped, the driver beaten unconscious and her young charge, Miss Catherine Bennett taken away into the night, nobody knows where." "Oh good God, how can this be!" Elizabeth, beside herself with shock, and feeling guilt for thinking her mother to be mellow dramatic, began to cry, blaming herself for allowing Kitty to go alone. "What is to be done now? how can this happen, oh my poor sister!" Mr Darcy took his wife's hand then. His face full of pain at her distress and she accepted his comfort gratefully, not knowing what else to do. "We will do everything in our power. I will leave this very afternoon. I have already dispatched a letter to Colonel Fitzwilliam, asking his assistance and begging that he continue on Past here in order to meet me on the way, I have also sent word to the Wickham's .Your uncle gardener and Bingley will follow us as soon as they are able." Papa must indeed be ill to not make this journey himself. Elizabeth let each unhappy thought cross her mind in sequence. "I will attend to My Wife." Mr Bennett said then, squeezing his daughters arm and hesitantly managing a smile, "for nobody is as used to her nerves as I am dear, I will return very shortly when you have had the time to recover, to discuss the matter in detail" Unbound by any need for propriety, Elizabeth, having bid her father goodbye for a short while, stood unsteadily and threw her arms around her husband. He embraced her as she cried, only releasing her through the necessity of untying his cravat ,which felt at that moment close to strangling him and uncomfortably damp with tears. "I am here my love." He did not know what else to say. Eventually, Elizabeth came to her senses, and her sobbing ceased. "oh Fitzwilliam, who would take her!" she asked, finally letting go. "and what motive could they have in doing so!" He did not answer for a while and stood there with her, holding onto her trembling frame, he eventually managed to break the silence. " I have an idea Elizabeth, though it has no proof or strong basis." She looked up at him, wiling to hear anything that may help bring her sister to safety. Mr Darcy took to pacing the study now,but he did not tell her of the conclusion his mind had reached as Mr Bennett was returned. "How is my Mother?" Mr Bennett shook his head, his eyes dark and troubled. He began to cough, his body clearly shaken and ill. "Your mother has never been able to bare bad new in a sensible way, but news such as this." he shook his head again and sighed. "I thank you for your kind assistance Mr Darcy," he turned to his son in law, "I am only sorry I cannot make the journey myself, I fear I will be a hindrance and take ill on the way, then what use would I be to poor Kitty." "Oh Papa," Elizabeth embraced him " you would never be a hindrance, but do not worry, for we will find Kitty." Knowing it was not the time to discuss it, Mr Darcy could not help interject his wife at that moment. "We?" he asked uncomfortably, knowing what was to come. Elizabeth turned to him, a fiery determined look in her eye and upon her face. "Oh Lizzy come now, " her father said, anticipating an interruption of marital happiness, "surely you cant mean to go, this will not be a pleasant journey. It could hold many hardships." "I do not anticipate it as a journey of pleasure!" she did not take on an argumentative tone, but seemed willing to do so, if pressured. "Oh Elizabeth!" Darcy, clearly enraged, turned to her, determined that she would see sense. "you had much better stay here where you are safe, do not make this situation more difficult by being head strong and foolish!" Mr Bennett again excused himself, knowing that his daughter could hold her own side, for he had no place in their argument. She had always been determined even as a child and he knew that she would win even though this time he wished she would not. "You do not need to call me a fool for I know what I am!" Elizabeth's emotions now sought an outlet of a different kind, in the form of this passionate rage, "I should never have allowed my sister to go, it was me who sought permission from my parents and from Lydia, then I bade her goodbye and now I shall not likely see her again and it is my own fault" "Elizabeth, please wont you sit down?" Mr Darcy offered her a chair and she refused. "how can I sit a moment longer whilst kitty is out there, at the mercy of goodness knows who! Please do not make me wait at home here where I am left only to be frightened for my sister and frightened for you! I am determined that I shall accompany you!" "We don't have time for this Elizabeth!" he groaned, "I cannot have you travel in that way, it is...is !"He faltered "I am your wife and Kitty my sister!" " I am your husband, asking that you will listen to me and do as I ask!" "I will not!" Elizabeth tore her hand away from his own, knowing that this argument helped nothing at all and would probably gain nothing except injured feelings, made worse by her husbands imminent absence. He seemed at a complete loss, and Mr Darcy tried to calm himself "Elizabeth," he had taken to pleading now , "I both love and think too highly of you to place commands and restrictions, if you are serious then so be it, but cant you see that I worry for your safety on this trip?" Elizabeth did agree with that statement and held her arms to her husband, not wanting to be at war. Mr Darcy believing himself victorious then, embraced her gently, only to be disappointed, "I am coming with you" she said, casting her eyes at the ground, knowing that she was being head strong and difficult. "I simply cannot bare to sit at home and not know the information first hand, I hold myself to blame for this and wish to set it right." "Very well then, though I hardly see how you being there makes it more likely that she will be found, My sister will act as host to your parents and no doubt your sister Jane will arrive soon, along with your Aunt Gardener, who will bring Mary. Unless of course any of them wish to join us!" "oh do not be unkind to me," Elizabeth cried feeling his hostile tone, "Surely you cannot deny me my reasons for wishing to attend" "I cannot," was his reply, "though do not expect me to revel in them." With that he quit the room only calling back that they would leave in two hours, Elizabeth felt wholly exhausted and unhappy with this whole thing, knowing her husband to be the same. The girl sniffed furtively and she hid her face as she packed items of clothing as directed to by her mistress. "Hannah what is it?" Elizabeth asked eventually, feeling that she could listen no longer without having to enquire. She had to ask again before receiving a coherent response "I am in trouble Madam," The girl cried now trying not to let herself be overcome, "The housekeeper says I will be dismissed for sure!" "Here," Elizabeth gave her a muslin square handkerchief and bid her sit down, unable to see the girl who could be no more than fifteen, cry in such a way. "Now you must tell me and we shall see about this trouble" she said kindly. Hannah went on to tell her mistress of the night she came in and found her and her sister, Mrs Bingley asleep on the bed. She went on to say that she had gone towards the window and noticed the man walking about the property in the gardens. "You see," she said, " Mrs Reynolds has told me that I should have reported this to her and that the master will dismiss me." " We will try to see that it does not come to that" Elizabeth, patted her hand. "Come now and help me pack for we must leave within the hour." Elizabeth could not make too many promises to the girl, knowing that she had already argued with her husband enough times to warrant his anger. She took many liberties in what she had said and as always he was forgiving, but she feared that she had pushed him too far and could not bare the thought of him being unhappy with her. Elizabeth knew that partaking in the journey was an unwise decision on her part, but as she had explained to her husband, she could not bare to stay behind not knowing anything at all, she hoped they would not be gone more than a fortnight and that Kitty was safe, all thoughts of family life and her impending motherhood being pushed to the back of her mind. She convinced herself that it was for the best and could be addressed upon their return to Pemberly.
Hey all, am so sorry for the huge gap in posting this chapter, my life got extremely mad for a couple of weeks. This is just a short chapter tonight whilst I get back into the swing of things! The room was dark and the smell of damp pungently hung around in the air. Kitty furiously wiped her tears away, having gone through every other possible emotion, she now settled upon anger. "I demand you release me from this place!" she called, to who she was unsure and picked up a clay jug to throw it at the door. A fervent laugh could be heard from somewhere in the darkness, a maniacal utterance that sent a cold chill through the young woman. She shivered violently but tried to resolve herself to be brave. The voice came again. "come now Miss Darcy, that is no way for a lady to behave!" "I am not Miss Darcy!" She cried in frustration, " I have told you repeatedly that I am Catherine Bennett of Longbourne, not Georgiana Darcy of Pemberly!" "We shall see soon enough" was the only reply she was to receive. "Fitzwilliam?" Elizabeth placed her hand upon that of her husbands and yet he was still unmoved. "Very well" she sighed and turned away from him towards the carriage window. The world outside had grown bleak. It seemed as though Pemberly had been living in a cloud of agreeable weather while the rest of the county perished in darkness. Mr Darcy took her hand then and she felt a flood of relief flow with a couple of unguarded tears. "Oh please let us talk again" she clutched at his hand with both her own and much to his distress she began to cry. He was not used to seeing his young wife so undone and it gave him every possible pain, he could not be angry with her any longer. "Elizabeth," he placed an arm around her, "do not cry any more, you have shed more tears in a day than I would wish on you in twenty years, let this quarrel be done with now and we shall work together to find your sister. "Yes," she sniffed and sat up, "how far is it that we will travel tonight?" She had been in need of relief for awhile now and her legs were beginning to feel not her own. As she looked through the window she was overjoyed to see lights around a mile in the distance and her husband confirmed that they would not travel much further at that time, but would stop in an inn at the next village that came highly recommended by Colonel Fitzwilliam, he would be waiting for them there. Elizabeth shook her head to herself, how was this ever to be solved, where would they go from here.
Authors note... Just a quick note before I begin to upload any more chapters. I want to apologise to anyone who has been waiting for me to update this story. I love reading fanfic and know how frustrating it is when somebody abandons a story and leaves it unfinished. I have neglected it for the past few months, I do have excuses. As we all know, life can sometimes make it so that there is no time to write for pleasure. Since September, I have got married, bought a house and am about to give birth to my first baby in a couple of weeks (or any day). Because of my pregnancy and working in a high risk job I had to be moved onto night duty which means that I was sleeping through the daytime and barely had enough time to do anything . I now have time to write again whilst I wait to go pop lol I'm hoping to be able to finish this story and I do have all the chapters planned out on paper so I shouldn't suffer too badly from writers block this time! Anyway I know that if you have already started to read this then you will probably have to go back to the start because I did, and I apologise again lol. But anyway thank you to anyone who takes the time to read and review, I always appreciate feedback. Much love and happy reading! X Obviously, alerted by the clattering of wheels that cut through the silent night, the colonel could be seen exiting the entrance of the Inn and standing outside to greet them as they arrived. His manner was unusually grave and that fact pressed upon Elizabeth greatly. The face that always shone with joviality and good humour, now looked upon her with pity and concern. she felt as though she could barely stand it, feigning coldness to disguise her discomfort. "My dear lady." He bent down and kissed her hand after having first clasped his cousins in a reassuring grip. "I did not expect the pleasure of your company" He and Mr Darcy exchanged a warning glance then and the colonel could not help but smile. He never thought he would know a day where his stoic and steadfast cousin would be ruled by a woman. The tired party made their way into a private side room where they were greeted with refreshments and a warm fire. "I hope you do not mind that I took the liberty of commissioning dinner for us?" " Not at all Richard" Mr Darcy's composure relaxed as he realised that his cousin had taken charge as host. "It was the least I could do, given the circumstances, forgive me Elizabeth," The colonel glanced at her apologetically as they all took a seat, "I have been troubling over this ever since I received your news and I do believe we must contact the magistrate to ask for their assistance in finding Catherine, otherwise I am at a loss as to how we should continue. Pray, tell me how all this has come about, I want to understand what we are dealing with?" Between them, Darcy and Elizabeth told their tale. Beginning with the night that Georgiana had the unfortunate encounter with a man peering through her window and even though he appeared to have fallen there was no sign of him. Darcy told of the innkeepers account of his disappearing injured guest and then onto the letter from a Mr R. King who wrote to ask that Wickhams debt be paid. This lead them to Kittys journey and then ultimately her mysterious disappearance in the couple of days that followed. "That is indeed very grave" The colonel sighed after the room grew silent once again, his expression ,deeply out of character . "I am afraid that, even though I do not yet know how to tie in the encounter with the man at the window, I can only reach one sensible conclusion from all of this," He took a large swig from his ale tankard before continuing, "I am sorry to say that this has Wickham written all over it, either directly or indirectly and it seems that your Catherine may be being held to ransom, for the money that he owes no doubt!" "Surely not!" Elizabeth felt a jolt of shock but even as her exclamation escaped her lips she realised that it could be a large possibility, her husband sat tight lipped and nodded silently. "I am afraid it was as I feared my dear" He said gently then, placing his hand over her own, "I just wanted Richards opinion on the facts placed before us, so that we could decide on a plan of some sorts." "My goodness, what a mess" Elizabeth felt numb. "The only good thing that can come from your conclusion, if correct, is that they, whoever they may be, will not harm Kitty if she is being held to ransom." The woman shook her head, it was like something from a bad novel, the kind she avoided and found to be too fanciful. How could her poor sweet sister be dragged into this, she could be untold danger, her name would be ruined, the ton would talk mercilessly about her. There was no hope at keeping such a story a secret because the only hope in finding the young woman would be to ensure that everyone knew of her plight and worked together to see her found..hopefully unharmed. Whilst leaving Elizabeth deep in thought, the two gentlemen contrived a letter putting together the basics of their situation and addressed it for the local Magistrate. The Colonel rose agitated then and called the innkeeper into the room, causing Elizabeth to snap out of her state of contemplation. "Have the local Magistrate sent here to us immediately." He pressed the note into the mans hand. The Innkeepers eyes widened in shock, it was obvious to all three in the party as to why he was hesitant. No innkeeper wanted negative attention to be drawn to their establishment unnecessarily. "It is a matter of urgency that we speak to the local magistrate" Colonel Fitzwilliam repeated himself, though not unkind, his voice rang with authority and the man agreed without a second hesitation. The perturbed inhabitants of the room were left to wait for news of the magistrate, each person unsure on how to act even thought they were usually easy and relaxed in each-others company.
Sorry the chapters are so short I write best in small bursts lol hope you enjoy, please review and feed back its very helpful Elizabeth sat in the window sill of her room in ill spirits. The two gentlemen were below stairs discussing the nights events after the magistrate had left. It had not taken the local magistrate long to arrive after the letter requesting he come had been dispatched. He was an elderly cantankerous man who looked as though he had fallen out of his bed chamber without an idea as to why he was actually there. It was obvious to that all that having been summoned to the local inn late at night the old man had been expecting some sort of drunken brawl and came raring for an argument. He seemed quite taken back when he realised that it had been two gentlemen and a lady that waited upon him there. She Didn't know what she had been expecting but Elizabeth begged leave of them after a while feeling down trodden and disappointed. The was nothing the magistrate could do to assist them tonight. Having listened to their tale he decided to write an express to the magistrate of the area that the crime had been committed and recommended that the gentlemen make contact with the owners of the establishment where the maid sought help on the night the kidnapping had occurred. She and the coach driver were still there waiting for further instruction. In all the confusion Mr Darcy had almost forgotten about them and set about forming a plan of how to question them. "I shall write to the occupants of the house and send it at first light" he muttered to himself and then turned to his wife, "and you my dear do you think that you could convey the latest information to our family, I'm sure your father and mother are quite anxious by now. Though I believe we may have to delay in the sending of these letters until we have a return address, I cannot say for sure where tomorrow takes us." And so Elizabeth found herself sitting sadly alone ,having written to her parents, Jane, Georgiana and her sister Lydia who would have realised that something was amiss by now. She had the letters tucked into her hand luggage ready to send them as soon as she could give a return address. She started when a wrap at the door called her back to the world, "Yes, who is it?" The door creaked open and revealed that it was just her husband, He entered the room and shut the door behind him quietly. He didn't say a thing at first and just sat on the bed, calling her to him. Gladly, Elizabeth got down and allowed him to circle his arms around her. "Should I be concerned about you my dear?" Darcy pulled back from her and she could see from the look in his eyes that they held all sorts of questions and an unspoken sadness. "Your not unwell? Or unhappy with me?" She smiled at that last comment. "I could never be unhappy with you my love" She said and kissed him lightly, "You have made me so happy, and no I am not unwell, I'm just worried and I feel so powerless. I wish that I had never have asked kitty to Pemberly." "You cannot be blamed for what has happened dearest" Darcy laid down upon the bed and pulled her with him, "We have all made decisions that were foolish, this will be solved and Kitty found, you will see. ... "Would you like a drink of water Miss Darcy?" Kitty opened her eyes in panic and kicked out as a hand came towards her with a ladle. With satisfaction she noted that the ladle had been dropped and bounced angrily across the cold flagstone floor. "I have told you I am Miss Bennet not Miss Darcy!" Her voice was ragged and pain stricken from crying out for help. The man recoiled and threw down the water jug in temper. Some splashed across her causing the young woman to gasp. "Serves you right, You nasty creature, all bruised my ankles are from the times you've kicked them, I don't care who you are, all I know is I am sposed to keep you alive. How can I do that if you wont drink and you wont eat nothing, You'll be dead in less than a week!" Kitty realised then that he was not a man after all but a boy of no more than 15 years old. She hadn't seen him here before, she knew all the other faces and voices, but not his. "Please..." she pleaded weakly, "Please you have to help me, I don't know why I'm here, you look like a good sort of person, you'll be rewarded if you take me back to my family." "Ah miss don't go saying stuff like that." He crouched down and looked her in the eye, " You don't know these people, I couldn't let you go even if I wanted to." Suddenly the door slammed open with a horrendous clattering band and the boy jumped backwards and straitened up, looking embarrassed at being seen speaking to Kitty in that way. Kitty could hear that there was a struggling and shouting. "Take your hands off me!" Two burly men threw somebody onto the ground a few feet away from Kitty, "Another charge for you young Henry!" They addressed the boy and kitty mentally took note of that name for later. "and you miss Darcy... some company for you, I believe you are already acquainted!" Kitty looked then and to her shock met with familiar eyes. "You!" She called out in shock.
A bell rang, somewhere in the distance. Elizabeth desperately tried to swim to the surface of her sleep in order to know its meaning. There was movement around her that forced her to open her eyes. "Do not make yourself uneasy Elizabeth" Her husbands face loomed closer and he kissed her lightly on the temple. "The bell has rang for the post, there is no need for both of us to attend it." Confused, Elizabeth lay back against the pillow. The sun had barely risen, birds still filled the air with their early morning ritual that the bustle of the waking hours swiftly engulfed. It was not time to wake, and even though she naturally rose with the sun , she did not want to wake, her body demanded she rest. Why would the post be so important at this ungodly hour? All that her pleasant dreams had kept her from fell upon her in a sudden flurry. With a sudden manner of urgency she pulled herself out of bed and began to dress, not bothering to call for assistance. Small dredges of sunlight had begun to peer across the tops of the hills in the distance, telling her that she needed to be about an hour ago. Everything hurt her. The wood beneath her feet as she hurried across the hallway, was too hard and too loud. The sounds of the hens behind the inn tormented her as she crossed the mottled flagstones of the Inn courtyard. She was moving towards the voices that came behind the out buildings and discovered the colonel giving orders there to the stable boy, about the need to feed the horses immediately for they would soon depart. "Cousin" He remarked on turning to see her standing behind him. He seemed surprised. "What brings you about at this hour?" He lowered his voice "I know the manner of our stay here is not the happiest of situations, but surely one might make the best of it by sleeping until we are to break our fast. That will be a long while yet" "I am not in the habit of sleeping late Colonel, especially when there are such matters at hand, also I do not wish to miss any information that has arrived by express" The Colonel gave a small bow, "I assure you Madam I meant no offense, I beg your pardon" "Not at all sir, I am not so easily offended" She smiled kindly at him, not wishing them to be at odds already. "No I suppose you are not" The Colonel sighed and ran a hand over his coat thoughtfully. "If you were I suppose you would have not have wed my cousin" His eyes danced with mischief and Elizabeth gave him the shake of her head in warning, dispite the amused expression on her face. She and the Colonel had a similar sense of humour and understanding. There was every possibility that they would become good friends with time. Time was something that ran against them however and Elizabeth was in need of occupation to keep her from too much thought. "Can you tell me what our movements are to be colonel? I am quite anxious to begin" Efficiently Colonel Fitzwilliam began to pace the courtyard, a habit no doubt from his earlier military years, he began to relay to her the plan that had no doubt been laid out the night before. "Mr Darcy has sent an express to Saint Patricks court. That is the house that your sisters young maid raised the alarm at on that fateful night, also a letter to the town magistrate has been dispatched alerting them to our need for assistance. We will leave for Saint Patricks at ten this morning, in the hope that our express will have given enough warning to its occupants" "I see," said Elizabeth slowly. "And pray what are we to do in the meantime?" Elizabeth could not help the feelings of sad disappointment that began to rise within her. By now she had hoped for something solid to pursue, something that cut out the long and arduous middle pieces that would no doubt stand in the way of retrieving her sister. "I see what you are thinking," The colonel said kindly. She could hear by his tone that he meant to offer her comfort. "I am fully aware that time is of the essence, the longer we leave this, the colder the trail becomes, but we must conduct ourselves in the correct way if we are ever to find your sister at all." "If". Elizabeths voice came out as a barely audible whisper. She had never known a despair as deep as this, one than sunk as low into the pit of her stomach as to cause her instant nausea. The feeling washed upon her so suddenly and she was uncomfortably aware of the sheen of perspiration that began to prickle across her brow. The colonel, an observant man noticed it also and took a step closer, believing her to be about to faint. "Elizabeth, permit me to hold your arm dear lady, you are not well." "No please," She turned herself away and was instantly sick upon the straw beside the horses stable. Her morification at being seen thus felt never ending and she remained with her back to her cousin for several long seconds, before finally accepting the handkerchief that was thrust upon her. "I should not have said what I did," The colonel began, looking uneasy, "Please forgive an old soldier, I forgot myself for a time and have distressed you greatly. You must be taken to rest now, I shall send for your maid to accompany you, or your husband perhaps? Do we need to send for the Doctor" "Colonel, I apologise for what you have just witnessed, but I am not unwell please do not trouble yourself or anyone for that matter." Elizabeth looked down anxiously at herself, brushing off her pelisse, the colour high in her face. The Colonel frowned at her, remaining steadfast, "Do not fret, for I have seen far worse in my time you know." He moved a little closer an unusual expression manner. " Mrs Darcy, It will not do to have you take ill on the road and will delay us. " " Please Colonel, allow me this." She pleaded, " I am not usually of a nervous disposition, however this is my dear sister who at best may have her reputation ruined and at worst might be..." She paused for a few seconds to regain her composure. "I need not speak the words to express what I am afraid of sir, but please , It was merely the shock of hearing your words and recognising my true fears in that one instance, that caused me to behave thus. If Mr Darcy believes me ill then I will be sent home forthwith. I must be allowed to assist in discovering my sister when the fault lies so clearly with me. I must make amends." "This is a grave thought to have indeed" The colonel mused, "You must not hold yourself responsible Elizabeth, surely you can see that there is no sense in your feelings, you could not have predicted these happenings any easier than I could have myself." He offered her his arm, "However, I will keep your secret cousin." Elizabeth took it hesitantly and watched him wondering what he was about, "Colonel Fitzwilliam.. I.." "I don't wish to hear any more" He held out his hand, "Do not bring me into your confidence with something that I cannot keep to myself . I do not wish to receive an explanation that has not first been given to your husband. It would not be right or proper and I wish to remain in the high esteem of both my cousin and his wife." He knows. Elizabeth blushed furiously and wondered if he was angry with her. She discovered him watching her with curiosity, he was not. "I don't pretend to understand the fairer sex cousin," He continued, "However I will respect your wishes in this instance, I will clear my memory of this conversation, only if I can extract a promise from you, and that is for you to quit this journey immediately if it becomes dangerous" "You have my word" Elizabeth nodded in earnest, relief washing over her in strong waves. She had not needed to say anything and so there was nothing to tell. She and the Colonel walked back into the Inn, in companiable silence to the breakfast room. Elizabeth seated herself feeling exhausted, drained of feeling and emotion. The Colonel recommended a cup of coffee rather than tea as being good for calming her nausea as well as her nerves. That comment alone confirmed to her, had she felt doubt, that he had guessed her condition. She drank of it, feeling its warmth seep into her, but at the same time delicately repulsed at its taste. "Thats the way" The colonel grinned at her as though talking to one of his soldiers. Fitzwilliam Darcy had been watching this exchange with amusement, from the doorway. Knowing only pride that his cousin and his beautiful wife could be such good friends. There was a time where he worried that she preferred the jovial colonel to himself, but those feelings had long passed him. Elizabeth looked up then and gazed upon her husband, who quickly moved to join them at the table. He placed before them a letter marked with the Pemberly crest and nothing, aside from morning greetings passed before them for a long while. Each person no doubt sinking into their own dark thoughts. "How is our day to progress William?" Elizabeth caught herself using her private term of endearment for her husband and cast him an apologetic look. He took her hand benieth the table, showing her comfort. Expression of words did not come to him as easily as it did to others. The Colonel cleared his throat and so Mr Darcy pulled a small piece of paper from his pocket. "Firstly I have compiled a list of contacts for this area." He wiped perspiration from his brow. Elizabeth noted the effects of tiredness upon his person, the faint lines around his eyes were creased with unease. "These being the magistrates and the people who assisted on the night of Kittys abduction. I have sent ahead a request asking for use of a room there in order to interview each witness with the assistance of the magistrate." He paused and reached for the letter at hand in front of him. "Here we reach a most unpleasant business that I must inform you both of." Elizabeth braced herself and saw that the colonel did the same. How much more could her heart take. Her sudden thoughts threw themselves at the idea that her papa had become ill and that the letter from Pemberly conveyed news of this or worse. He had indeed been too unwell to join them. She scolded herself inwardly for allowing her emotions to rage so completely out of control and took a steadying breath or two readying herself to listen. "It is a letter from your father, Elizabeth. He asks that we read urgently, a missive received by them from our sister Mrs Lydia Wickham." Elizabeth could not keep the dismayed groan from escaping her mouth and she placed her head into her hands for the briefest of moments, preparing herself for what was about to come. He began to read aloud.
"Help! Let me out of here, can anyone hear me? Let me out!" Kitty took a stone from the ground and beat frantically against the door with it. "In the lord's name, Kitty Bennet will you cease that incessant racket! I cannot hear myself think for a single second and my head will surely split!" Kitty frowned towards the voice in the dark and filled with a new purpose; beat harder on the door in rapid succession, before turning on her companion in anger. "You do not have my permission to address me as Kitty sir, it is Miss Bennet, and I am a gentleman's daughter and demand the respect that that entails, especially from the likes of you. No doubt this situation I find myself in has something or more likely everything to do with you and your unsavoury behaviour" She was answered with a short snort in response to this and then for a while all grew quiet. Kitty moved her body about on the floor, the need to relieve herself becoming so intense that she could no longer sit still. "Turn away" She muttered. The snort came again and so she repeated herself crossly. "I have no wish to watch a woman use a piss pot. I cannot see anything anyway it is too dark." "That is beside the point, I wish you to turn your head away." Kitty felt sweet relief, if short lived and was quick to move herself away from the foul smelling bucket in the corner of the room. She wrinkled her nose in disgust and sat herself back down taking in her settings. The ground was sandy. So she could assume that they were near the coast. The occasional dull thump above them told her that they were being held below ground and that there was a road nearby. It had been four days. Two of which had been spent travelling under cloth in the back of goodness knows what, going to goodness knows where. My family will think I am dead, what if they do not come for me. The fear that nobody loved her enough to keep searching caused her a grievous amount of pain. They have to find me. Lizzy will surely make her husband come for me as he did Lydia, they will not stand by, surely. But Kitty wasn't sure and that is what frightened her the most. Tears welled up and she let out a frightened sob in the darkness. "For god sake!" Her companion spat, "What use is crying like a puerile infant! We had much better use our voices by trying to come up with a plan to get out of here!" "What do you suggest then? If you were as sagacious and canny as you like to think yourself, then we wouldn't be here in the first place would we." He ignored her and Kitty considered picking the stone back up to bang once more. Even if it got her nowhere, at least it inflamed the temper of her unlikely consort who, in her eyes deserved that and far more. "That boy..." Kitty looked up into the darkness wondering what he meant; she held her tongue a little longer hoping he would elaborate. He did eventually. "The boy who brings the water, he seems to like you Miss Bennet, can you not seduce him into letting us go?" Kitty recoiled and physically moved herself away, "You disgust me! We do not all think like you sir, that boy is a child and I would not risk my reputation in such a way," "Your reputation Kitty?" He laughed a maddening laugh and the sound of gravel crunching underweight told her that he was moving closer. "Your reputation is in tatters Kitty, even if we are discovered and rescued, nobody would associate themselves with you now, you are ruined and so am I." The last was said in such a way that Kitty began to cry again. The sudden scraping sound however, alarmed her into stopping and she raised her fingers up to guard her eyes against the light that now entered the room. A greying man stood before her in the doorway, he had a look of splendour about him that had Kitty wondering if he might be her rescuer, and until she heard the name King uttered under the breath of her cell mate and knew immediately that it wouldn't be the case. Before her stood her captor. "Miss Darcy" He mockingly bowed and stepped into the room. "Dear Mama, I write to you as a matter of urgency and beseech you to have father come to the rescue of my dear Wickham. He left for a short spell at the tavern a night ago and has not returned to me. Upon enquiry I found him to be involved in an altercation with two gentlemen. They were seen taking him away in a carriage; I know it is them who prevent his return to me. Mama I will be ruined, I cannot bare to be on my own and my sister Kitty has abandoned me also for I believed her to arrive soon and have been given no explanation as to her where about. Please Mama you must tell father to come, I do not know what will become of me if you do not, and I throw myself at your mercy, Your Loving and obedient daughter, Lydia Wickham. Lydia's words ran themselves around in circles within Elizabeth's mind. She examined every possible meaning to these events, as closely as she would fine embroidery. It led her to several different conclusions, that all ended with the same result. So it was Wickham, it was always Wickham; he would be the ruination of her entire family. "I should have run him through" The Colonel muttered to himself and glared out of the carriage window, "When I had the chance." Mr Darcy's dark countenance told Elizabeth that he did not disagree. She wished that she could reach out to him, to speak with him on what he might be thinking. His dark steadfast gaze held so many words unspoken at that moment and it drove a certain distance between them that she could only despise herself for. She emitted a sigh and became occupied with gazing out of the carriage window. The small village houses and Inn were long behind them and they were now met with the rolling greenery of hills and farmland. Dust was kicked into the air by the pace of the horse's hooves; the already hot morning gave no mercy to the parched grounds or the occupants of the cab. It was stifling and uncomfortable. An imposing house loomed upon them in the distance; its grey scale walls had looked to suffer much neglect over its time. Green climbing plants tumbled down the stonework like a turbulent waterfall and obscured many of its fine windows. The driver drew the carriage near and it became instantly clear that they were approaching Saint Patrick's court. Elizabeth allowed her husband to hand her down from the coach. He applied gentle pressure to her fingers and she looked into his face to see him smiling gently at her. "We will right this dear" He leant closer and said to her quietly. She closed her eyes to relief of his affection and laced her arm through his. A rounded, cheerful looking woman, who they learned to be the house keeper, greeted them at the door. "Good morning sir's, madam" She gave a brief dip, though her age must have made it difficult for her. "His lordship shall be down directly to greet you." As she had begun to speak, an elderly man came into view, arriving from the shadows of the darkened entrance hall. Elizabeth noted that there were many heavy dust ridden curtains that obscured the suns entrance into the house. There had clearly been very few visitors to Saint Patricks Court of late. "Mr Darcy, Mrs Darcy and the good Colonel, I see" The old man's voice crackled with age. He leant heavily on a twisted leg with the aid of a stick and Elizabeth wished that it were she welcoming him into her own home instead of the opposite, she wished that she could invite him to sit down directly. "Sir Patrick" Mr Darcy loosened his wife's arm momentarily and bowed to their host, "I must thank you for receiving us so readily into your home." The old gentleman made a noise of contentment; he nodded politely in reply and shuffled closer. "There is no need to thank me good man. It has been many years since these walls saw fine company or indeed had anything to speak of. Such coming and goings of letters, indeed you find me glad to be of use to somebody" His head and arms jittered with instability. Elizabeth found herself feeling very sorry for him. It was easy to see how lonely age could leave one. "Follow me into the study and I will have some refreshments bought to you." He slowly turned his twisted legs about and made his painfully slow journey across the house. The study was as dark as the hall; the stifling smell of dusty books was very overpowering. When they had been seated a while, Sir Patrick called for the maid to be summoned. Elizabeth wondered whether she would be permitted to stay and be involved in the interview of this crucial witness. Her husband had cast her a few furtive glances and she realised with satisfaction that he had already considered asking her to leave and had decided against it. She was to remain there.
Hello lovely readers. There is another chapter here I promise... a very important one, but I want to beg a moment of your time. I don't normally share a lot of my personal life with strangers, however in this instance I am going to make an exception and use this as an opportunity to do something positive. I had a review given to me last night, which was a deserved ticking off for leaving my fan fiction for 7 years. I promise whole heartedly that this is not a slight aimed at you or put here to make you feel bad. I feel that maybe it was a gentle reminder that perhaps I ought to give an explanation as to why I abandoned writing. I understand how frustrating it can be to enjoy a story and not see it finished. It is quite poignant that this should come up as it is maternal mental health awareness week in the uk and I vowed to reach as many people as I could with an honest account of my experience. I wanted to share with you my experience with Post natal (post partum) Depression and Anxiety. When I began writing this fan fiction, I was engaged to be married in the October of 2012. My (now) husband Tim, and I discovered that we were having a baby. My daughter Lydia jean was a happy surprise. I had always wanted to be a mother so there was no reason to suppose that I would ever be depressed. Lydia arrived in the Feb 2013. Her birth was terrifying, which ended in a caesarean delivery because of the danger we were both in. Afterwards, instead of the early days of my daughter's life being filled with the happy blissful feelings that everyone had told me motherhood would be. From an outside view I had no reason to be sad. The truth was, I had flashbacks of the experience and blamed myself for not being able to give birth. I felt as though I had failed her and that I was less of a woman for not delivering naturally. These are the ugly thoughts that began my postnatal depression. Thus began a tirade of self guilt and feelings of utter wretched despair. I struggled with every aspect of motherhood and shut myself away from the world. I honestly felt that my little girl would be better off without me. My wonderful husband ensured that I sought help from our Dr and gradually I became myself again. We had a second daughter, Eliza in 2015, and so the whole cycle began again only this time I had two children and I suffered with anxiety rather than depression. I lived with the constant fear that my children would die if I did not watch them every second of the time and I basically ran myself into the ground trying to appear as though I was coping when I really wasn't. I put up such a good front, that nobody aside from the immediate members of my family knew there was anything wrong. It has taken me a long time to come back to myself completely. Writing is my passion and has been since I could pick up a pen, so to have that torn away from me was heart breaking. I am now fine, I will add. My depression was hormone based and I am fortunate in that we have been able to move from this dark time. My daughters are the loves of my life and I could not be more proud of my feisty opinionated, loving little girls, who live up to their name sakes so aptly, (though if my Lydia ever runs off with a Mr Wickham wanna-be I shall not be pleased. ) The point I wanted to bring about is, that there is no stereotype to depression, you cannot see it, because it eats away inside of you. Just because somebody looks okay does not mean that they are. Please take care of new mothers , let them know that your love and support is there for them to take, regardless of how they need to take it, ask them how they are feeling and be the visitor that keeps coming back long after the two weeks after baby is born, because that is when things get really tough. It is only by speaking out that we can end the stigma surrounding maternal mental illness. My inbox is always open to anyone that needs to talk. If you have made it this far I thank you from the bottom of my heart and I hope that it helps somebody somewhere to know that they are not alone. I dedicate this chapter to all new mothers and the wonderful people who support them. Much love always. Sian x Kitty's maid was bought directly into the room. She was a shy and nervous looking girl of around fourteen or fifteen years old. Elizabeth felt the shock of realisation when she recognised her to be Sarah, the niece of her parents housekeeper, she had not realised that was the girl who had travelled up to attend her sister from home. Now feeling uncomfortable, Elizabeth glanced at old Sir Patrick praying that she had not been ill treated whilst here. No that cannot be the case; she told herself and could not imagine this cheerful old gentleman capable of being unkind to anybody. The girl however, looked exausted and emotionally wretched. Elizabeth had trouble understanding a society that allowed such young girls into service. It bought to mind her own young sisters; she could not imagine that any of them would have been able to wait upon somebody at the same tender age, when they could have barely cared for themselves. The girls face crumpled upon realising that it was Elizabeth and the two gentlemen that were waiting to question her. Her small heart shaped face twisted into a painful grimace and tears flowed on her cheeks. "Please Mrs Darcy, forgive me, I have failed Miss Bennet and I don't want to be sent home in disgrace, there was nothing I could do, it all happened so fast". The girl fluttered to the ground at Elizabeth's feet in a flurry of skirts and sobs. The older woman placed her hand upon the top of the young girls head in surprise, the cloth of her pelisse clutched in the girls tight grasps. There were noises of disapproval and awkwardness amongst those in the room. It was clear that the girl had been very distressed, however and nobody wished to distress her further by chastising her behaviour or lack of control. Elizabeth shushed her as she would a babe and made crooning noises. Mr Darcy was frowning now, probably at the sight of such impropriety on behalf of the maid, however Elizabeth held up her hand to prevent him from saying anything to her. He gave an apologetic cough, maybe he needed to allow Elizabeth to handle this, being the second eldest of five sisters and more than used to scenes of hysteria from her mother and a couple of the younger ones, this was more within her expertise than his. "There now Sarah, it's alright" Elizabeth said softly to her, as though talking to a frightened infant. "There is nothing to fear here, we have not come to blame you, you are not responsible for this" The girl's voice heaved in between sobs that she was afraid for her mistress and had been praying for her. "Come now child" Mr Darcy stepped closer and crouched down to the girl. She looked up at him in awe; her eyes wide in disbelief that such a man as him would be so considerate to her and speak so kindly. It was no wonder that Miss Elizabeth had chosen to wed him. Elizabeth smiled at her husband. He was altered indeed since the first time in which they had met. "You must take heart" He was saying to her gently as he assisted her to stand and handed her across to his wife "Of course you would not be held responsible for this unfortunate incident which has befallen Miss Bennet" The young girl looked between her elders in the room, each person clearly trying to appear as kindly and calm as they could. They knew that they were heavily dependent on this young woman's testimony and keeping her calm and level headed was paramount. Colonel Fitzwilliam cleared his throat hesitantly. "Might it not be best to wait for the counties magistrate before we begin to question the child" He muttered quietly, casting her furtive glance. "It would not do to have her distressed now and rendered speechless when the time comes for her to speak" "Indeed" Elizabeth nodded in agreement. The young girl shook from head to foot. "Sir Patrick would It be presumptuous of me to take charge of this young girls care" "Your gentle nature is very becoming, Mrs Darcy, " Sir Patrick smiled kindly at the young woman before him, "Of course my home and its amenities are at your disposal, please call my housekeeper and have bought before you anything that you might need. With the girl settled into a chair at the fireplace with a blanket and a glass of wine for her nerves, Elizabeth turned to her husband when he beckoned her to the other side of the large room. "The girl is distressed beyond measures" He said in low tones, casting his gaze across at the aforementioned person. "Are you sure that you want to bear witness to her testimonies, I fear for you hearing something upsetting" Elizabeth knew that she could well be told alarming facts, but they could not upset her more than she already was. Besides she did not believe it was fair to have the poor thing withstand the questioning of a room full of strangers, without a familiar face there to give her some courage. No she would stay and listen to her words. She must be there to hear it all first hand to ensure she missed nothing of the story. "I will stay for the girl's sake" She answered in the same hushed tones, "I do not wish to step out, I want to hear it" "Very well" Mr Darcy looked towards the door, "As long as you are sure, for I believe the magistrate has arrived" Elizabeth started as the door swung open. The Colonel and Sir Patrick entered, followed by another greying gentleman. Elizabeth caught something odd in the manner of the colonel's eye and it immediately put her on her guard. The gentleman stranger had a distinguished air of superiority and did not put her at ease, though she was unsure as to what gave her these uneasy feelings other than that. He must be a highly esteemed gentleman to hold the position of magistrate within the county and so she tried to let them sink back below the surface. The colonel approached them and made the introductions, "Mr William Burns, this is Mr and Mrs Darcy," The man's eyebrows shot momentarily through his hair line upon hearing Mrs Darcy introduced also, and it soon became clear as to why. He greeted her civilly enough however and shook her hand politely, "It is a shame we could not meet under a more pleasant circumstance Mrs Darcy," He drolled and tugged at his cravat, it was very warm in the study and Elizabeth herself began to feel stifled. Mr Burn looked between them, "Now once Mrs Darcy has convened herself in a more comfortable part of the house we can get this unpleasant business out of the way." Annoyance prickled under Elizabeth's collar and she looked at the man with distaste, how dare he dismiss her like that. She caught the colonel's eye where he stood behind Mr Burn and he gave her an amused facial expression before looking away. It would be her husband who came to her rescue. He offered her his arm applying gentle pressure to it, she knew he meant her to be quiet and she would as long as he defended her quickly or else she would be forced to say something that the magistrate would no doubt find impertinent. He did not disappoint her. "My wife is to remain present sir" He began, "The young maid has been quite distressed and has fallen into hysteria; my wife has been the only person able to calm her" "Nonsense" The man strode over to the young girl who dozed in the chair. She started and flung open her eyes in fright. "Come now young miss, you are in no danger here, you are far outgrown your mothers apron strings, you do not need to be coddled by this high borne lady, it is most inappropriate." "Do you suggest sir that my wife behaves inappropriately" Mr Darcy could hardly keep the displeasure from his voice. "She is here on my bidding and will remain so throughout the entirety of this interview, for the comfort of the child and because I have no wish to convey second hand information to her of her sister, when we are done." He was a force to be reckoned with; Elizabeth felt an immense sense of pride in her fine choice of husband in that very moment. Mr Burns frowned and seated himself most reluctantly on the settee. "Very well as you wish, though I will say this is highly unusual practice" he said with very ill grace. He watched Elizabeth with growing interest now and she shifted uncomfortably under his gaze, he was a most curious person. The called upon Sarah to speak. "Give your testimony as clearly as you remember," Mr Darcy added kindly, "You are not on trial here Miss Sarah, your words can only help us to discover Miss Bennet faster" She nodded taking a large gulp of wine. Elizabeth watched the nerves settle, a visible calm came over her as she was called to perform her duty and she leant forwards. "We had been stopped at an Inn to take refreshments when a man approached Miss Bennet and I" she began. "I think it was called 'The lamb and flag" "Go on" The magistrate urged when she stopped for a second. "He claimed an acquaintance with my mistress and she denied this claim immediately, she was ever so proper and refused to speak with him, she took herself immediately away into our rooms." She said in earnest. "It was very peculiar; my Mistress said that he thought her name was Miss Darcy and not Miss Bennet." "I see" Mr Darcy said in a sombre tone, "Pray tell us what happened next" "We rested another hour and then began on our journey once again. The weather grew poor and the winds were so high. I remember seeing a lantern up ahead as we approached a bridge into this county, there were people with a carriage and the driver called out to them asking if they needed assistance, oh how I wish they had not stopped, none of this.." "Yes that's all very well get on with it girl" The magistrate snapped looking up from his note book. The girl apologised and began again, looking to Elizabeth for reassurance, the child had been known to her since infancy of course she would take comfort in her presence, Elizabeth told herself and smiled at her by way of encouragement. "They answered that the bridge had begun to waterlog in the high rains and the driver pulled over the carriage and got down to assess the damage for himself. Oh it was awful," She had began to cry again and clutched at the edge of her seat, "As he walked towards them, the two men, they came upon him they beat him about the head with a large item and he did not rise from the ground. One man who stood over him was that who claimed the acquaintance with miss bennet back at the inn, I recognised his face and the other looked like somebody I have seen before also" Sir Phillips leant forwards and interjected into the conversation, "The driver is yet to regain consciousness" He muttered. The young maid took another sip of wine, her eyes hollow "Miss Bennet told me to run, she pushed me from the carriage and as she tried to follow me, they seized her from behind, I tried to fight them off her Mrs Darcy, and I swear to the dear Lord above that I tried to save her! They let loose our horses and dragged her screaming into the back of the carriage. I had no choice but to run for help lest they seize me too and then where would we be." She gave way to her tears once again and Elizabeth choked back her own through fear of being asked to leave the room. "Is there anything else?" Mr Darcy questioned her. She shook her head clearly desiring the interview to cease. "Very well" He said and stood abruptly, "I wish to reconvene in an hour, I have a few matters to attend to first and then we can discuss our next movements" "Elizabeth, I would talk with you dear, alone if you would" Mr Darcy took her hand and pulled her aside as the others reconvened into the drawing room. Sir Patrick talking jokingly of hiring extra staff for the duration of their visit. Mr Darcy appeared to be waiting until the others were out of sight before pulling her back towards the study. "I know this is most discourteous but I need to tell you of my suspicions immediately. You are the only one who knows every side of the dice and I can bring you to my conclusion as fast as I am able" Elizabeth took a seat by the fire once more, wondering if her husband was about to bring forward the same conclusions that she herself had reached. He sat close to her and took her hand in his. She wholeheartedly wished in that second that they were back at Pemberley and that there were no problems to worry on except what dinners to order that week. She wished desperately that she could be sharing her happy news with her husband that he was to expect their child before Michaelmas was before them. But for that moment it could not be. She must deny him this a little longer. "It begins with me refusing to pay off the debt that Wickham so kindly bestowed upon me." Elizabeth felt her husband tighten his grip on her arm; she leant against him, trying to reassure him. "They commented that action would be taken to get what they wanted. I believe that the night Our dear sister Georgiana saw an intruder at her window, Mr Kings associates were taking stock of how they could kidnap my sister," "But then why..." Darcy held up his hand, "Patience. After the distressing evening, did you not move Georgiana into the guest suite for her comfort and peace of mind?" "Yes" Elizabeth was struggling to see where it was headed and she was growing impatient, she did however trust her husband and so did him the honour of being able to continue uninterrupted. "Pray tell me Elizabeth, where did your sister stay when she arrived" "Good lord," Elizabeth gasped, it was slowly becoming clear, "Your sister insisted that Kitty have her bedroom as it overlooked the orchard and Kitty wished to paint it." "Yes" Darcy said a little loudly and took care to check himself. "I propose that having fallen and not succeeding in making out my sister's person, they sent another to come back at a later time. This person saw Kitty in that bedroom, mistaking her for Miss Darcy. They are both tall with hair the colour of straw; it is an easy mistake to make in dim light." "Yes," Elizabeth muttered darkly, "I can see how this is easily right. Sarah's testimony confirmed that whoever took Kitty thought she was Miss Darcy, Fitzwilliam, how could these people know details of Georgiana's bedroom and why have they taken my sister, or want to take yours?" "I can answer both of those questions directly" Mr Darcy said coldly, "Firstly there is a traitor at Pemberley and secondly they meant to hold my sister at a ransom" "What will we do?" Elizabeth whispered, already knowing the answer. Her husband sighed and moved to stir up the dying embers in the fire, "Two things" He said slowly, "We must remove our family from Pemberley, lest the captors discover that your sister is not Miss Darcy." "What difference would it make?" "I fear they have taken her on the understanding that my own sister would be more dear to me and I would be more likely to pay a high ransom to have her returned, if they fear they have captured a maid or a lady unknown to them, then they may be inclined to dispose of her" "Oh do not say.." Elizabeth clasped her hand to her mouth in fear and her husband encircled an arm around her, "I must say it Elizabeth, I warned you this would not be easy. This is far more complicated a matter that I first realised and I have no honest clue as to who we can trust." "What will our next move be?" she asked into the cloth of his shoulder, "At present nothing, if I am correct in my guess work however, there will be a ransom note soon enough that will point us to our next destination."
Hey lovely readers, thank you for your reviews and responses to my work so far. I wanted to thanks those who responded to my last post regarding PND awareness week and my experiences over the last few years. I have always found fanfic to be a place filled with caring and conscientious people and this time is no different. Also knowing that my work is being enjoyed is so encouraging. Should you find yourself inclined to offer any writing tips, I would be very grateful for a little guidance regarding my Mr Darcy. The nature of my story demands that he be the same strong male character within society as he is in Jane Austen's original. He needs to take charge of a very serious situation...in short I am worried that I am not managing to make him come across in the way that I want him to . An example of something that worries me is that he gives in to Elizabeth constantly. He has to, to allow the story to move, we cannot have her sent home, but do I let her win too easily? lol. I don't want him to be too tough and scary but also not a push over, is my Lizzy too headstrong? We are all our own worst critics and once I get an idea into my head that something is off balance, I can't seem to resolve it myself. If you feel able please could you tell me whether I have managed to give the impression that I was aiming for so far, and if not, how I might strengthen his character a little and give him a bit more backbone. Many thanks and happy reading! Dinner was a lot later than Elizabeth had grown accustomed to. It had taken a while to adjust to dining at half past six in Pemberley, as her own good parents kept country hours and dined at four. It was now well past eight and her stomach had began to grumble in a most indelicate way .She took pains not to stand too close to anyone lest they hear it. Sir Patrick had hurried back and forth throughout his house with such swiftness as his poor legs could manage, ordering that the large dining room be opened, calling upon the house keeper to remove the drapes from some of the lesser used furniture and lay the dining table with the most expensive linen cloth, until he was satisfied that the settings would not disgrace the meal that was bought before them, for it really was a splendid meal. "Twelve years" He croaked out into the relative silence of his dinner guests. The clinking of china and silver that had become a melodious tune to Elizabeth's ears, stopped momentarily to afford him the attention that he had so clearly hoped for. She looked up at him expectantly; wondering to what he was pertaining. "It has been twelve years passed since this room was used" "I see" The colonel answered politely, his straining having swallowed his soup, it was hot and he flinched a little, clearly praying it had not spilled on his best coat. The Old man split his attention between his guests and gazing fondly at the portraits on the walls, the light reflecting and dancing warmly on the gold gilded frames. A fire had been lit and spread its warm tendrils across the mahogany settings, but it did not bring heat to Elizabeth's haemal temperament. She found herself very low in spirits indeed since her conversation with her husband. They had since discussed the matter as a whole with colonel Fitzwilliam. The gentleman's quick mind was sure to devise a plan of action. Elizabeth could see that he was often absent from the conversations happening around them now and knew him to be thinking rapidly on what their next movement would be. "We used to be such a merry party," Sir Patrick said softly, more to himself than anybody else. "I had three younger sisters you know, Ada, Theodora and Magdalene, all married to good friends of mine, there is only my sister Theodora and I now, everyone else has gone to the good lord nigh on seven years ago and Theodora lives so far away." The ghosts of the past seemed to be dancing before him and Elizabeth shook herself, feeling a chill run up her spine. "I am sorry to hear that sir Patrick," She said sympathetically, having decided not to allow herself to dwell any further. When one of their party also seemed to want to give in to nostalgia and reflection, it would not do for her to be lost to her own thoughts as well. "Do not trouble yourself dear lady, when you reach an age such as mine, it becomes a far more common thing, you are called less to gatherings of merriment and more often for... well." He stopped himself and smiled at her fondly before picking up his spoon. Mr Darcy was next to speak. He cleared his throat to catch their host's attention, clearly seeking a distraction from the previous subject himself. "There is something I would speak to you about after dinner Sir Patrick, if you would oblige me?" Sir Patrick turned to him with an air of curiosity, he nodded, the tremors in his hands suddenly very prominent. "I will indeed oblige you. " He said, raising a trembling glass. "But We do not stand on ceremony here Mr Darcy; unless you wish to bring me into your strictest confidence then I do not see why it may not be discussed now over dinner." Mr Darcy was taken aback and for a second did not know how to respond, here was a very unusual old man indeed, so individual and unlike Lady Catherine who was around the same age, though she did not stand on ceremony either, but in a completely different fashion. Elizabeth imagined that she could grow very fond of Patrick indeed. "Very well Sir," Mr Darcy cleared his throat and placed his cutlery on the table, he glanced briefly to the heavens and Elizabeth imagined that he was asking guidance from God, that what he was about to say would be received in the way it was meant to be, and not viewed as impertinence. "We are in your debt sir, substantially so" He began somewhat awkwardly. He faltered and his wife wondered whether he needed her to intervene on his behalf, Mr Darcy of Pemberley was not in the habit of asking others for assistance. "Our situation is more complicated than I first imagined. You are of course aware that we are investigating the kidnap of my wife's dear young sister. Alarming facts have been pieced together this evening that make us fear for the safety of our remaining members of the family resided at our estate. We believe that our home has been infiltrated by a traitor who has passed on information to the people responsible for this heinous crime." "I see" Sir Patrick was now thinking quickly, the vein in his head pulsated; he pushed himself upright in his chair. "Am I correct in saying that you will be forced to remove your family from their home?" Elizabeth caught her husband's eye for the briefest of moments and she gave him a look that she hoped encouraged and reassured him, he had been most unsure of this to begin with. "Yes I fear so," He said eventually picking his spoon back up. "Then of course I must offer them my protection Mr Darcy, if it pleases you to have them bought to Saint Patricks Court immediately, nobody comes here as you have seen. They will be quite safe here" Mr Darcy smiled in surprise. That was a lot easier than he imagined. It had been his wife's idea and seconded as a brilliant one by the Colonel. It had come about when Elizabeth had overheard Sir Patrick talking to his housekeeper before dinner. She came upon them as he was saying that he wished they did not have to leave so soon and he would keenly feel their loss. He stopped of course very quickly as one did not have such personal conversations with ones housekeeper. This poor man was clearly very lonely and asking for his assistance in protecting Georgiana and her parents would indeed lessen the blow that their leaving would clearly deliver him. She began to discover how lonely he had been, when her attention rejoined the conversation. "That there is my beautiful Clara" He pointed to the portrait of a young woman, she was the very centre of the display and the others were simply eliclipsed by her beauty. "She was as lovely as the English rose itself, she was taken from me too young, died in childbirth, and the lord took my beautiful Harriet a week after her mother" Elizabeth absentmindedly placed a hand on her abdomen for the briefest of moments, and vowed to the life inside her that she would protect it with all of her heart and body. "That was a long time ago now" Sir Patrick's eyes were absent and sad, "I often imagine what a house full of small children would have been like. It would have bought me much joy, and my beautiful Clara, never did look upon the face of our daughter." This was just too much. Elizabeth, who could no longer withstand the subject, stood abruptly and doing so made her feel light headed. She gripped the table, aware that the eyes of the other three occupants shot towards her in an instant. They all stood, the eldest of the party struggling to his own feet with a distressed look upon his face, "Mrs Darcy are you quite well?" He asked, gesturing his man servant to hand him his cane. "Pray excuse me from the table gentlemen I do not feel myself." Elizabeth said with instant regret, she could not excuse her unusual behaviour with anything else other than illness and had now caused alarm to all of them. "Elizabeth Dear you must allow me to help you." Mr Darcy moved to her side and offered his arm. She took it of course but did not want all of this fuss. Though if she could seize this as an opportunity to retire to her chamber and loosen the strings on her corset then she would do it gladly, for the heat was beginning to wash over her in palpable waves. "Perhaps we should send for a Doctor Mrs Darcy, if you are unwell." The Colonel looked at her with meaning and she gave him a hard stare requiring that he stop and say no more. She caught the meaning behind his words and wondered if he meant to cause mischief. "No please, I do not wish for a doctor, it has been a trying day, I just need to rest." She said gently, aiming it at Sir Patrick, who was clearly still fretting. "I will be the judge of that" Her husband said firmly. She apologised again as she left the room and by the time they reached the hallway at the bottom of the grand stair way she was feeling very bad indeed. Her husband placed his hand about her waist as they entered the first step. "Really Fitzwilliam I am fine" She said feeling flustered, but he would not lease his hold until they had reached the upstairs chambers. He folded his arms and looked at her in astonishment. "Then why did you behave so in there Elizabeth, if you are not unwell?" The young woman wondered what to say. She was not ready to have the conversation that was on the verge of needing to be had and yet clearly she needed to say enough as to appease her husband that she wasn't being silly. "I am tired" She began, and sat down indelicately in an arm chair. "I am tired and I am upset and frightened. Sir Patrick talks of his sisters being dead, when I fear for my own dear Kitty's life. Then when that is done, he talks of his dear wife being gone and his daughter dying in infancy." Mr Darcy shifted uncomfortably, she had almost forgotten that he had also been at the same table and likely felt just as uncomfortable as she did. His own dear mother was lost to he and his sister at such a young age. "My own mother bore a babe who was not living when she arrived. I will never forget her little face, so white. I attended my mother during the birth, I was but eleven. I could not listen to any more of what he could say, dear I am sorry if that makes me discourteous to our host but my mind is such that it has me imagining all sorts of terrible things. I will soon have three sisters married and if anything ever happened to them as to bring about such sadness then I do not know how I would bare it. After the findings that this evening has given us, I could not shake the melancholy from my thoughts and worried I may upset Sir Patrick" "Alright my love." Her husband sat against the arm of her chair and pulled her close, " You do not need to say any more , I am sorry Lizzy, I did not imagine that such pain as that would be within you, and how will I know if you do not tell me." "My courage always rises at every attempt to intimidate me, only this time the intimidation was unintentional and I could not find my courage beneath the pain of all this mess!" The tears were falling now and Elizabeth wished desperately that they wouldn't. Once they began they would not stop. A handkerchief was placed gently into her hands, the top of her head gently kissed. Mr Darcy looked about him to try and ascertain the quickest way to get his wife a glass of wine. He gave up and decided that it would be quicker to go and retrieve one himself from the dining room, this house had only the basic staff despite its large size and it would no doubt take a long time. The guest suits so long unoccupied that the maid would perhaps get lost, he thought to himself with amusement. "I will be back directly" He said. Elizabeth tried to call out and tell him not to trouble himself but he was gone from her so quickly that he did not hear her. Instead she shifted about in discomfort, not realising that the dinner time conversation had produced such turbulent feelings within her, but now she was acutely aware of them and they would not go away. Poor Sir Patrick, what had he begun? Her face in the mirror looked back at her, flushed with heat and exhaustion. Her eyes were red with tears. This will not do, she scolded herself and let loose her hair. She wished that she had Jane or even charlotte Collins there to offer her sage advice, to calm her spirit. It must be my condition, she thought miserably. I have known plenty of sorrows and have bore them well enough without creating as much palaver as this, but then a sorrow such as this is unspoken of, She would never have imagined that her sister would be kidnapped. It was as she pulled the brush through her curls that her husband came back in carrying a wine glass. "Here "He put it down on the vanity and sat on the beds edge, beside her chair. "You already look better" He said gently twisting a curl around in his fingers, she began enjoying the movements and leant her head against his hand until he said; "I would be very grateful if you would wait here for the arrival of my sister when the colonel and I leave. She will appreciate your familiar face." He said it slowly and with great care. Elizabeth opened her eyes and looked at him in the mirror; he wanted her to stay here. His eyes locked with her own and he did not break her gaze. Indeed He was not in earnest this time. If he was waiting for her to agree however, then he would be sorely disappointed. "That is all very well dear" She said steadfastly, "but your sister will be with my parents and possibly Jane, she will not need me to be here also, Kitty needs me more." "Elizabeth" He warned, his face marked with annoyance. "I was not laying before you a list of options from which you may choose; I insist that you stay here now, it is becoming too unsafe for you to continue on with us." He changed his voice then, becoming gentle again in the hopes of reasoning with her. "I do not wish you to be distressed dear, but I really do insist this time." "And I insist that I do not stay here" She said stubbornly, refusing to be the first to look away, "I do not wish to stay here Fitzwilliam and you know it, you say that you do not wish to cause me distress and yet you keep trying to leave me behind" His nostrils flared, the only outward signal of anger. "You wound me intentionally Elizabeth, I wish you to stay in order to keep you safe and you know that!" He did look hurt and she turned in her seat to clutch his hand, but he continued "What do you suppose you will do that the colonel and I cannot manage on our own?" Elizabeth was offended and imagined that he meant to tell her she was of no use. "You imagine me to be content here? Waiting weeks to hear of news, all the while wondering what has happened and what danger you have found yourselves in!" Mr Darcy gripped the wooden chair and turned her around to face him, the legs making an alarming noise as they scraped on the floor. He sat forward then and lowered his voice. "You are making me angry Elizabeth, why are you being so difficult?" "It is you making this difficult" She dropped her gaze then, feeling ashamed, she was being difficult, she knew it was causing him pain. "I feel responsible Fitzwilliam, it is my sister that is missing and I am the one who sent her into the hands of her kidnappers, I should have known that it was a bad idea to have her travel up to Lydia when the Wickhams were so clearly in trouble once again and, especially after the happenings at Pemberley, I hold myself responsible and I shall right it." "Elizabeth look at me, you are my wife, your sister is my sister and your sorrows are mine to bare also" He placed a hand under her chin and raised her eyes to his before continuing. "Surely you do not imagine me happy to take my wife knowingly into danger, I am not so irresponsible you will stay here Elizabeth whether you like it or not" His words firm and clear made her tear her face from his hands then. She sat back in the chair and glared at him. "I do not wish to be parted from you, I do not want to sit and wait about, and I have come this far why now do you suddenly wish to be rid of my company!" "Really Elizabeth this is too much!" He got up and began to pace about the room, there would be an argument now when she had not really wished for one. He stopped in front of her. "You really are not yourself at all. You cannot suppose that I want to be parted from you surely, it hurts me as much as it does you, I can assure you, even the Colonel agrees..." "Oh so you will discuss what is to happen to me with the Colonel first then." She spat angrily, her brush hit the table with a sharp snap, her temper rising to a point where she knew it would not return. She stood up and met him squarely "I am not to be cast aside and left behind. You cannot force me do your bidding, if you leave me here I shall follow of my own accord" It was wrong of her to say it, but it had the desired effect, he was furious, but yet she would not yield. "Elizabeth you are becoming hysterical that is enough!" He shouted "Surely you do not wish me to liken your behaviour to that of your mothers? Are we to have these fits of hysteria all along the way? And if you continue to disobey me I will be forced to..." "Forced to do what Fitzwilliam? Forced to marry your cousin Anne or Caroline Bingley instead? Because that is the only way you will gain a wife who will do your every bidding and not ever disobey you? Even then I cannot guarantee it, women have the right to an opinion!" Her hair flew about her in wild tendrils, even he had to admit that she was beautiful when vexed but her vicious words stung like a thousand nettles and he did not wish to hear her any more lest he say things that they would both regret. " That is indeed a Low blow ," He spoke through his teeth " I will not do this; I am leaving you to yourself for that is the only company you are fit for at present." He got up and stalked to the door, pulling it hard and meaning it to slam. It was too heavy and lost its gusto half way through. He turned then with a semblance of forced calmness. "I will come and bid you goodnight when you have calmed yourself" "No need" was her reply. "For I am calm, you are the only raised voice in this room." Mr Darcy was met with an amused chortle from his cousin as he stormed into the billiards room a short while later, making no effort to hide his demeanour . "I take it that went well" The colonel folded his arm and laughed, even more so when his reply was to silence himself or else. "She said...argh, never mind what she said, she will not listen to reason and insists on coming!" "So then let her come!" The Colonel offered him a cigar to which he declined. "I would prefer a strong malt whiskey," "Fiery like your women?" The colonel laughed again and Darcy afforded him a reluctant smirk this time. "Yes if you like." He gave a resigned sigh. "I don't know what to do Richard, it is not safe for her to come with us surely, we don't know who or what waits on us and if anything happened to her then I don't know what I would do" He accepted the glass held out to him and took a large draught. It burned and bought his sharply into the present. "She will drive herself to distraction here Fitzwilliam, far better to let her come where she can observe first hand. She is a clever and witty woman, she may be of use." "I don't want her to be of use I want her to be safe!" "And so she will be with her husband and cousin to keep her so. Save yourself the hassle man and let her win, it will perhaps work in your favour" "It will be the second time she has won this one" He muttered grimly into his glass. Before downing the rest, "these Bennet women will be the death of me for certain" "She is a fine example to your sister and you know it man do not be so mellow dramatic" Darcy made a noise of agreement and the colonel continued "Heaven help you however, should she give you as many daughters as her mother bore, then Sir I will be inclined to agree with you. Go now and make peace with her. Do not let the sun go down on an argument."
To all my reviewers...thank you for responding. I think you have raised extremely valued points. I like to think that both Darcy and Elizabeth would be forward thinking people for their time. Finding the balance between what would be considered socially correct and proper and their own personalities has been quite difficult and I was glad to hear your opinions. The fact of the matter being that women were expected to listen to men and toe the line (so to speak) but that doesn't work for these two. I have taken all your advice on board and considered it whilst I wrote this next chapter. I already worked out that Lizzy owes Darcy an apology but also maybe he needs to learn to trust her to know her own mind also. He does of course value her good opinion and I don't think I have been able to convey that in my writing. I hope that you enjoy the coming chapter. Please leave a comment on anything that interests you or that you think needs improvement thanks for your ongoing support. "Henry come here" the man referred to as King, made a gesture with his hand. the young lad who stepped out beside him was the same boy that Kitty had been speaking to the previous day. In the light she took stock of him properly. Skinny, pail and younger again than she had imagined, twelve maybe at best. His skin stretched over his limbs and gave the appearance of someone quickly grown without the nourishment to sustain them. She felt a pang of pity as King grabbed him and hit him sharply across the side of the head before giving him a rough shake. "What state do you call this boy," The lads head snapped roughly back and forth on his neck as the man shook him. "This is no state in which to keep a lady, where are the chairs and blankets?" "But sir" he stammered, stumbling , "I am not the only one in charge and you said, they was prisoners and I was to treat them as such..." "Silence yourself insolent child, do you want to be out on the streets to fend for yourself again? You have not been doing your job" The man bought his face level with that of Henrys and gave him a nasty smile, "I've heard they throw small boys like you into the docks, it keeps the population down" "No sir, please don't I can't swim" The boy had tears in his eyes, his chest heaved with the effort of trying not to cry and his eyes darted about as though seeking an escape. Kitty could not listen any more, it was cruel. "Oh stop it!" She cried, "Do not hurt him on my account!" King did release the boy, who fell on the ground and whimpered, his head tucked into his knees, in the corner. "Ah so Miss Darcy speaks does she? Well Miss Darcy, how tender of you to have concern for my..." he looked back at Henry. "Ward" Kitty shifted uncomfortably under his gaze. She could not discover what he was about. Why did he speak so politely when she was clearly his captive? "I would speak with you alone Miss Darcy if you would be so kind as to grace me with your presence?" Kitty had no choice but to agree and stumbled to a standing position, when a large gruff looking man came and undid the lock on her ankle shackle. A hand grabbed her own in the darkness as she followed King through the door, "Georgiana" George Wickham gazed hard at her, with meaning, "Do take care." Kitty Bennet was not known for her intelligence, however by the time she had climbed the stone steps and taken a sharp right hand turn into a dark study room, she had determined the meaning behind him calling her Georgiana, despite him knowing very well that she was not. She would not tell King her true identity. The fear coursed through her body when he rounded the desk and invited her to be seated. I must endure this, she told herself, and I must endure this and live. This cannot be the beginning of the end. I will know life outside these walls this cannot go on forever, somebody will rescue me for sure. Inside her head she was screaming and beating upon the walls with her fists in fury, outwardly she sat with every appearance of the demure young woman King believed her to be. "You might wonder how you find yourself here my dear lady." Kitty did not answer him, a foolish question deserved no reply in her opinion, of course she wondered why she was there, it had been at the forefront of her mind, how could it not be, and she was not his dear lady. He twisted a finger in his moustache, clearly deep in thought. His pensive gaze seemed to settle on her face and she felt the colour rise in her cheeks. "So we are mute again" He said quietly leaning back in his chair "I see how it will be, but it makes it easier if you are silent. Let me put it strait to you Miss Darcy. You are here because of the actions of two people, the main perpetrator is Mr Wickham, and the second is your brother Mr Darcy. Wickham owed money to a lot of people you see Miss Darcy and your brother paid off each one in order for him to wed a Miss Lydia Bennet. All except me, you see. I am an honourable man until I am crossed I have given them both a chance to come up with the money and I am yet to see a reply that pleases me. Wickham will never have two coins to rub together, you brother however, now he is a man of consequence. I have written to inform your brother that you are to remain our guest for this fortnight until he has come to his senses and paid me what I am due, when I have received this, I shall release you in an undisclosed location , from whence you may seek help and rejoin your family. What say you to that Miss Darcy?" Kitty shook her head unsure what he wanted her to say. Darcy had the money to pay him that was certain what she couldn't understand was the reasons behind the need to kidnap her in the process. Why could he not seek an attorney and get his money paid legally. Mr King made a noise of displeasure when she refused to make a noise and motioned to the also silent man in the corner of the room, he came to take Kitty back to the cell. She watched King sit there with a frown upon his face as she was bundled through the door and back down the steps. Their cell had been given a light, two make shift beds and some straw to lie upon, and it was at least an improvement on nothing. Wickham was indeed a sorry state to look upon. He had his head in his hands, his clothes heavily stained, streaks of dirt trough his hair and an unshaven face. She turned her back on him for a small while, not wanting to talk about anything that would stir up the emotions boiling inside. It was he that sought a conversation with her. "What did he say then?" His gruff voice startled her out of her silence "That this is your fault" She said sullenly, "Nothing that I didn't already know" "Hmm" Wickham gave a sniff of laughter and Kitty snapped her head up to glare at him, how he dare find humour in any of this. "You have a lot of explaining to do sir because something about this doesn't add up!" When he did not answer her she continued, "You have done something more than borrow money haven't you? This is more personal than that!" "Yes" He stared blankly at the wall, his face stock still in the orange light. She had considered him to once be a handsome man in face and character, but not now, if only she had known. He turned to face her, leaning his tired body against the cold stone at the head of is bed and closed his eyes. "Cast your mind back and think where you might have heard his name before" "I don't wish to play games Wickham, we are both in trouble now, and you had better be quick in telling me why!" "Fine" Wickham droned, "I wonder were you ever acquainted with Mary King?" Elizabeth still sat at the vanity a whole hour after her husband's abrupt departure. Her head resting into her hands and her back stiffly uncomfortable. She had begun a letter to her sister Jane but tiredness and emotion prevented her from finishing it. Her frantic thoughts had settled down into a dull ache in the pit of her stomach; remorse. The feeling of having done wrong. She wiped a few more tears away. I have wronged myself and my husband and I do you wrong too. She placed a gentle hand on her abdomen. But do not worry, she silently told the little life inside her, I will try and make this right for the three of us. I will try and make it better. She had meant to go in search of Fitzwilliam; however he saved her the journey by knocking at the bedroom door. She straightened out the folds in her dress and hurriedly wiped away the tears. He entered carefully and she turned to look at him to see if he was still angry. "Elizabeth" He groaned and made haste to her side, "Lizzy, I have made you weep like this, I am sorry forgive me" Elizabeth shook her head and reached out for him. "No" She said in hushed tones, "This is my doing, I lost my temper and I am truly sorry. I know that you were only thinking of my safety and comfort." She paused for a breath trying to draw courage from deep inside her, "There is something that you should know." "Elizabeth" He cut her off not knowing the importance of what she had been about to say, "I think we have both said what we should not have, we had best draw a line under this whole thing and start again. We began this journey together and so I think that it's only right that we finish it thus" Elizabeth looked at him with eyes disbelieving, why had he so suddenly changed his mind? All thoughts of confession leaving her mind, she threw her arms about his shoulders. "I did not want you to think that I do not trust you, I married a woman who knows her own mind and I promised you that I would not try to temper your spirit. I want you to have both my love and my trust, and in return I want to earn yours, arguing that you leave my side at such a fearful time does not procure such affections" "Thank you "She whispered and he held her back with care, "I just want to be beside you and to be present to find my sister" "We will find her my love, together" Mr Darcy kissed his wife gently, "we just need patience and cunning, but I have every hope that she will be returned."
To my lovely readers, (I'm not entirely sure how many of you there are) Thank you for your reviews and valid opinions/questions. I won't answer them in my notes because I love a good bit of mystery, but I do promise that my bits and pieces do all tie in together to give you the answers you are asking for. I have had to start writing a little slower as I don't want the little twists and turns to get me tied up in plot holes! I have also been very busy this week. It's been my husband's birthday, my poor nana isn't well so I have been taking care of her and have also been arranging my sister-in-law's baby shower which is happening tomorrow, this has been at the front of my mind however and is never far from my thoughts.. So here goes chapter 16... Much love. "Oh Lizzy!" Jane was the first one to embrace Elizabeth upon arriving at st Patrick's court four days later. Her sister's serene form and gentle voice tempered her own inner disquiet. The ladies walked arm in arm up the driveways of the house, Mr Bingley holding quiet council with Mr Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam a little way ahead. "There is no news," Elizabeth whispered, determined to keep her voice low. Jane's gown stilled where it had brushed lightly on the path and the ladies came to a halt. It was almost as though saying it too loudly and having it heard would somehow cause it to remain so. She did not believe in things like good and bad luck and knew her thoughts to be utter nonsense, but thinking them all the same, oh how this had altered her. Jane sighed and placed a firm hold on her elbow, glancing ahead at the others. "What is there to be done?" She asked, frustration clearly pushing on the edges of her voice, "We cannot move blindly, but we cannot sit in a state of inaction either." "Those are exactly my feelings," Elizabeth, frowned up at the sky. The wind had suddenly picked up out of nowhere, clouds scurrying across the grey horizon, and she knew it to be the likely sign of rain. Her plans of walking in the grounds scuppered for another day, but she at least had her sisters company now. Besides it would be wrong of her to keep her sister from the rest of the party, Sir Patrick had been eagerly awaiting the arrival of extra guests and their dear parents were expected with Georgiana only hours behind them. No it would do well to go inside now and be grateful to rest in the knowledge that she had some of her loved ones nearby and safe. The gentlemen waited on them now. Elizabeth took her husband's arm, all thoughts of their recent disagreements had been left far behind them. He had been so focused on the task at hand, and writing to several acquaintances that he believed may be able to help, corresponding with the local magistrate as well as the one who served Pemberley. He had spent many an hour pondering over the information gained after the disturbance at their home, but the man at the window remained as elusive as ever. It was in such a manner that Elizabeth found him, when she looked for him at dinner time. "Food will be served shortly dearest wont you come down?" The sight of Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberley asleep in a library with his head on the desk, was something not often seen. He raised his eyes with a sudden start. "Forgive me Elizabeth" he said apologetically and moved to right himself, straightening his cravat. Sleep hooded his eyes heavily, he was not sleeping well at night, neither was she. "I had not intended for you to come upon me like this, I hope that I have not made dinner late?" "No you haven't" She closed the door behind her and came in, "But our sister and my parents are just arrived and I thought it best to search you out before old Sir Patrick steals them away and you haven't had the chance to speak to them." Her husband laughed and shook his head. Mr Bingley had shown an interest in the tapestries hung in the entrance hall and so began an hour long tour of the elegancies that St Patrick's hall had to offer. The Bingleys of course all politeness and smiles had not the heart to refuse or complain and so had followed the old man willingly. His crooked walk not once faltering through the entire viewing. "Yes" He reached up and took his wife's hand, tenderly kissing the palm. The look in his eye told her that he desperately wished to steal a moment or two away from everyone else, that he too longed for the solitude and peace that one can only feel whilst at home. Elizabeth pitied him. Whilst they travelled those months on their honeymoon tour, he talked so longingly of the place in which he grew up and how she would love it too; they had barely had a chance to reacquaint themselves with Pemberley before being torn away again. She placed her arms around him and he rested his head against the gentle rustles of her gown, just breathing gently. Her eyes closed, she was grounded and safe, and here was her home, wherever her husband happened to be. "Elizabeth?" His questioning eyes looked up at her, a puzzle resting on his brow. But the question was not asked or answered, a swift knock at the door set them apart very quickly. It was Jane. "I beg the intrusion" She clearly blushed having realised that she had stumbled upon a moment of intimacy, "Our parents and Miss Darcy have arrived and they come baring a letter, I think it might be important." "Heavens" Elizabeth's stomach gave an uncomfortable leap as her husband abruptly stood and moved rapidly from his seat. "Excuse me ladies please" He rushed from the room at a frightful pace, Elizabeth and Jane doing their best to follow him, but not quite able to match his stride. "What do you think it is Jane?" Elizabeth was out of breath but still could not slow her steps through fear of missing something vital, her sisters cheeks were high in colour as she hurried along at her side, "I do not know" was all she could answer for a moment, "But Father demanded to see Mr Darcy immediately as he came through the door," "It's got to be it" Elizabeth, quickened her step as her husband disappeared around the bend in the corridor. "Be what?" Elizabeth came to a halt in the doorway of the dining room where all chaos has seemingly landed, She turned grimly to her sister, "The ransom note." The scene of Chaos that ensued in front of their eyes was unlike anything that Elizabeth could have pictured. Clearly she and Jane would be the last to hear the news that awaited them. Her father, Mr Bennet sat ashen faced in the dining room chair being comforted with a hand on shoulder gesture by Sir Patrick, though Elizabeth believed it to be due to their mother's equally disadvantaged state, rather than anything else. Mrs Bennet muttered, to herself and fanned frantically. . "Kidnapped oh my darling child kidnapped whatever shall we do?" her voice ran out suddenly above that of everybody else's, as it always did when she must be heard. Elizabeth could not help but roll her eyes. She began to look about her to see if there was anyone else that might need her assistance first before feeding her mother's hysteria further by giving it attention, but at present there was not. "But, we knew her to be kidnapped mama" Elizabeth approached her with caution two hands raised in a kind of self certifying defeat. She knew that she would not calm her mother as easily as that, if she had decided to be taken over by her nerves, but also knew that she must calm her or she would take everybody else in the room down with her as well. "If that is what that letter conveys then it simply confirms what we already knew and it is much better to have confirmation than nothing at all surely" "Yes but Elizabeth now we really know it for sure," Her eyes were wide and childlike "there is no hiding the fact that our darling daughter has been taken from us by Force" she took a grasping breath and began crying. Mr Darcy and the colonel were standing ashen-faced at the table, and Elizabeth knew that she must see for herself, the cause of the sudden upheaval. It must be as they had feared, the letter balanced within the fingers of Mr. Darcy's hands and unable to help herself Elizabeth crossed the room in three short strides to take it from him, he did not stop her. Despite being addressed to Mr Darcy at Pemberley it had already been opened of course, no doubt on the instruction of her husband in his absence. Elizabeth took a steadying breath and passed her gaze around the room. She realised that it had grown suddenly silent and every member of the family and friends had their eyes upon her in that instant. "Read it aloud Elizabeth if you would" Jane said gently. The poor lady placed a hand against her face and closed her eyes, a prayer played upon her lips. Elizabeth looked down again at the elegant hand of the person who held her dear sisters future. "Dear sir" she began. "I consider myself a reasonable man, and will not patronise you with long winded explanations. so I will get strait to the matter at hand. The terms of your sister's release depend upon the deposit of 12,000. I ask that this be made out in full to a Mr P m Partridge at the royal bank of London. Do not trouble yourself to try and locate me or this person by using that name; your quest will remain fruitless. When I have received news of your deposit, I shall in turn release Miss Darcy in a safe location, where she shall be able to seek help and return herself to you. If I do not receive correspondence or a favourable answer, then your sister along with Mr Wickham shall be conveyed to a ship which will shortly journey onto the Americas. Please do not doubt my sincerity in this matter. I will not get a good price for your sister but some price is better than nothing, I appeal to your good sense in that you will not deny me further on this matter. I await your reply, in the form of payment, in anticipation. King." So they were right, it was a ransom and kidnap, that stupid man Wickham, what on earth had he dragged her family into now. That terrible sum of money was not an easy amount to hide surely he could not have spent such an amount without portraying levels of grandour that would give him away. Elizabeth looked up at her husband. He lent heavily handed against the table, Bingley and the colonel also silent and Mrs Bennet weeping quietly in her chair. Mr Darcy was the first to break the silence that lay upon them so. "Lydia Wickham must be bought here immediately, we need to speak to her before we move" He said firmly, "She must be able to give us something more to go on than that, she must know something of this ridiculous sum of money that her husband has borrowed" Mrs Bennet lept up from her seat very suddenly and everybody in the room started, "Oh can you not just pay the Ransom sir, please I need my dear Kitty back by my side, why can't we just pay the money?!" She threw herself down upon her knees to the ground in a fit of tears and Mr Bennet got up and scornfully pulled her to her feet as best he could, "for goodness sake have some sense woman and some pride, it is not as simple as that, this good man could pay the money indeed and if he thought it would solve our problem,I do not doubt that he would for a moment, but imagine he pays them and then they do not return Kitty, had you not thought of that?" "father's Right Mama we cannot just pay the money and expect them to return Kitty to us immediately and without any other questions asked, these people are dangerous men, they saw fit to kidnap her, I do not think that they are so easily bargained with or trusted" Elizabeth had not expected it, but Mrs Bennet turned on her in an instant. "Of course you would side with your father. You always do Elizabeth, and this is your fault you did not take care of your sister as you should have and now you do not want to part with your precious money even for the sake of your sister's life, you may have married far higher than you deserve my girl but..." "That is enough!" Mr Darcy's voice carried above all of them and was one that could not be ignored. He moved instantly to Elizabeth's side and placed a hand on her shoulder, presenting a united front. It's weight steadied her ,she did not need her husband to come to her rescue and aid, she knew that she was not her mother's favourite child and had grown accustomed to the accusations thrown in her Direction whenever she said something disagreeable, it was often the way. However these particular words carried an unfortunate sting. They hurt and were hard to swallow. Mr Darcy closed his eyes and Elizabeth noted him draw a breath, clearly attempting to remain as calm as he could. "You may be her mother madam" He spoke slowly "but I will not allow you to speak to my wife in such a way. Firstly what Elizabeth does with her money is her own business, but I can honestly reassure you there is not anything on this earth that she would not do for the love of her sister and if you search within yourself you know that as well" Mrs Bennet sniffed and wiped her face with the handkerchief in her hand; she first glared at Elizabeth, but then dropped her gaze clearly defeated. " forgive your mother my child, I am tired and weary and afraid, I did not mean you any harm, I take back those words, please come to me child , please forgive me" she held out her arms and Elizabeth sighed and moved towards her, giving in to her, she knelt beside her chair just as she sometimes did as a child and for a moment, as her mother placed a hand on her head, Elizabeth felt a semblance of maternal love that she had not received in a very long time. "It is alright Mama, we all bear the burden of this terrible situation, and of course I forgive you" Her mother was not always the most affectionate towards her but she had mostly been a good mother and Elizabeth knew that she did not mean the harsh words said in Anger, especially words such as those. It was looking up from the place of her mother's knee, that Elizabeth noticed Jane's arm about poor Georgiana, who has begun to weep quietly, the girls tired frail face held within it, all of the strain and anguish, she so clearly held herself partly responsible this in itself evident within her words. "My poor dear friend" she cried miserably " oh my dear friend she bears this because of me, she bears both my name and my burden and there is nothing that I can do except sit here, oh whatever am I to do please give me something brother" she looked beseechingly towards her brother. Mr Darcy made a pained noise and moved to comfort her; he hated to see her in distress. "Do not make yourself uneasy my dear, for this has been King's first mistake. with this letter I can now track their location you see this?" He held out the envelope and pointed to the postal Mark everybody in the room grew silent again, Mr Bennet, Mr Bingley and Sir Patrick Drew closer to see what it was that was so vital a clue. The colonel folded his arms clearly already aware of what Darcy was about to say. "I'm sure I do not need to tell you that a postal Mark gives the location of where the letter was sent from. I can, by looking at this at least ascertain the Handling house or postal office that this letter was first received in" "That is ingenious" Bingley remarked clapping his friend on the back in a Jovial Manner. Elizabeth did not see what there was to be as overly joyful as that, but did not hold it in her heart to reproach him. "I will not take the credit for this" Darcy bowed his head towards his cousin "it was the good colonel who first came up with this idea so we have him to thank." Having thought of it once, Elizabeth looked up at Mr Bingley again. He behaved very strangely, kept glancing at Jane with a strange light in his eyes, he guided her movements, every time she moved he mimicked, if she moved further away then he moved closer, as though guarding her. It amused Elizabeth highly and she found herself wondering at what he played. He laughed when she laughed, there was something suspicious indeed. she caught her sister meeting his eye at that moment and watched her mouth form the words ,no, but Bingley clearly missed that and moved to the head of the room with an air of certainty about him, he cleared his throat. " my dear friends and family" he said with a delighted smile " I do not know if this is the right moment but it seems that if I do not take the opportunity now the right moment will not come " Elizabeth watched her sister trying to gage her reaction; she had by now guessed his announcement. Jane flashed with displeasure; she shook her head at her husband, who clearly continued to miss what she was trying to tell him "No" she mouthed "Charles stop" but he did not stop he continued regardless, overcome with the need to make others happy. "I wish to bring a little happiness to the situation by informing you that my wife and I are to be parents. We expect the new addition to our family in early February" A strange feeling crept upon Elizabeth, why had her sister not wanted her to know? Why did she not tell her first? She hid her own condition so carefully, perhaps Jane was worried that Elizabeth would be offended by the congratulations that she was now receiving, when they should have been her own first. No Jane knew her too well for that, and she did not feel this way, her decision had been based on the current situation that they found themselves in and would remain so until she saw fit to change it or necessity bought about the need to tell her husband. So they were to both be parents and in a very short space of time. This was something to hold onto in the darkness indeed. Mr Darcy shook his friend's hand robustly offering his sincere congratulations and she wholeheartedly wished that he had some share in them himself. In time she told herself, before walking forward towards her sister, whose face was a mixture of confused happiness and pain. "Do not fret dear Jane" she whispered into her ear "do not fret, I am so happy for you so very happy" Mrs Bennet found herself suitably distracted from her hysterical tears of sadness for they were now hysterical tears of Joy instead and she rushed forward with the rest of the room to offer her congratulations first "Oh a grandchild! First four daughter's married and now a grandchild, how I have been blessed! My dear Jane I knew that you would be the first to bless me with such a thing" Elizabeth stepped aside so that the mother could embrace Jane, noticing the colonels half amused smile in her own direction. She avoided acknowledging it as best she could and forced her attention back towards Poor Jane, who merely looked uncomfortable. It was a while later that Elizabeth realised exactly how uncomfortable Jane had been. She walked along the hallway quite late that evening in search of her dear sister and came upon the unfortunate discussion held within the room that she wished to enter. "It was not the right time to tell anybody Charles we barely knew ourselves what if something goes wrong!" "Surely nothing will go wrong" "No Charles" Jane was saying, she moved about the room, her voice travelled and pattered against the wooden surrounds. Elizabeth stepped back from the door; she did not want to be found listening like that "You had not given me the chance to tell my sisters or my mother in private, it is not the same for women as it is men, it was my announcement to make to them and you took that away from me. I know you are excited and happy, so am I but I fear that feelings may have been stung a little by the manner of the announcement, it was too soon and done in the wrong way and certainly at the wrong time, I am most unhappy" Elizabeth stepped back in surprise she had never heard her sister, so meek and gentle speak to anyone in this manner she could only suppose that Jane did truly feel strongly about this. She could not listen anymore, guilt and shame creeping upon her in a wave and tapped hard on the door to let them know that she was there. There came a scraping sound and Mr Bingley came to the door, hassled. Elizabeth noted with amusement that he looked like a boy scolded by his mother. "Mrs Darcy" he bowed gracefully "pray please come in" "I am searching for my sister Mr Bingley is she here?" Jane appeared in the doorway her face flushed and unhappy "Hello Elizabeth" she called seemingly deflated. Mr Bingley kissed his wife and then begged to be excused. He left the room in a hurry his feet tapping down the corridor no doubt in search of a whiskey or some other consoling activity. "I suppose you heard" that Jane said shyly, "Do not deny it I can see it on your face, I'm very sorry Elizabeth, but he should not have made that announcement in this place and at that time, I felt quite undone and very embarrassed I do not know what he is about. I wanted to tell you and Mama, to have the chance to grow used to the idea; I know now why you kept it so quiet yourself" "Please do not argue with your husband on my behalf Jane, I am not offended in any way and Mama certainly is not, it is my own doing that I have not made the announcement myself yet" She glanced about them and shut the door, "Besides that is not why I have sought you out, my husband thinks that we should fetch Lydia here, but I can't help thinking that might be a bad idea. Lydia cannot be quiet for one second does you suppose it would be a great burden on Sir Patrick to have her in this house also? Especially when half of the party are to leave so soon after her arrival?" Jane dragged a seat out and sat down to the table; she sighed and placed her chin into her elbow. Dark shadows cast across her delicate features. "I do not know Lizzie" she said, "I do not know what Mr Darcy supposes to gain from having Lydia here, Lydia is not sensible at the moment, certainly not without her husband by her side, if she were ever sensible at all" she lowered her voice "Lydia grows more and more like mama everyday with fluttering and nerves I don't think she will help at all, but if Mr Darcy think so then maybe we should bring her here. He must have his reasons and we should trust them." "What do you think of this business Jane" Elizabeth said Softly "I find myself searching below the surface for something more, surely it cannot just be that Wickham owes this man 12,000, if it would just that, surely he would have gone to the magistrates and taken him to court for it... gone about it the correct way, rather than doing this terrible thing, they will hang him if he is caught." "They will indeed "Jane agreed placing a gentle hand against her own throat "what a terrible idea but poor poor Kitty, it does not bear thinking about what could be happening to her." Jane's eyes filled with tears and Elizabeth reached out and took her hand into her own. "We will bring Lydia here" she said firmly, it was the only sensible thing that would come to her mind at that moment, "it is only right that she knows exactly what her husband has been doing, not that any good will come from that, but if she knows anything that could point us in exactly the right direction then it will be the right thing to do"
So this is the fastest update of the story so far, two chapters in two days! I have decided to dub this chapter 16 part two even though it is number 17, because it continues on nicely from the last one, plumping out the tale nicely and leading us to where we need to be next... I had already written part of it and wanted to tag it onto the end, however I didn't want to make the chapter 5000 words long. Again thank you for your lovely reviews and comments, Doris I have tried to place bigger spaces in between my paragraphs for you in an attempt to try and make it easier to read! I have been crazy busy these last few days however writing is my passion and addiction, I need it as an escape... bare with me during this chapter, it might leave you hanging, but I wasn't ready to piece together all the odds and ends.. We are getting there; the next chapter is already in creation... My love and thanks always, Sian x The scene in the drawing room that evening played out in every way the merry party. On times it was easy to get caught up in merriment, until Elizabeth thought of Kitty and then stopped herself sharply. Sir Patrick had a glow to his face that told them exactly how pleased he was to finally have company. He chattered with Elizabeth's father and Mr Darcy, who for the first time that day was resting at ease in a chair. The flames of the fire licked colour at the walls with its orange tendrils. The colonel in animated discussion with Mr Bingley on the movement of the Regiment occasionally glanced in her direction. Elizabeth found herself gazing longingly into space, the voices around her filled the room and yet she could not focus on a single one .Her sister Jane and Georgiana had both already retired to their rooms, the journey to st. Patrick's Court clearly proving too much for both of them that day. Her gaze focused again, in an attempt to appear present, this time on her mother. Mama looks well and happy enough Elizabeth mused to herself, although she would look that way having been given the news of a grandchild earlier this evening. Encouraged by Sir Patrick, who talked of the joys a child would bring to the home she glanced at him asleep now with is cane drooping off the side of the chair, Poor Sir Patrick. It had given her mother something else to focus on other than her missing daughter; she had talked Jane out of the room with advice on confinement and the best way to sew a vest. No wonder Jane has gone to bed for the night, I would too, if it were me. Poor Jane! Oh dear Kitty whatever are we going to do. And so Elizabeth's thoughts ran around in that way until a cautious voice appeared at her side. "Are you well madam? Elizabeth smiled gratefully at colonel Fitzwilliam who had come to enquire after her, he had been watching her all evening and she need not suppose why, being the only one other than Jane to hold her confidence, goodness what an awful position to be in. " You find me deep in thought sir, that is all" he took the seat at her side and moved a Little Closer, casting a weary glance around himself he was clearly about to say something that did not mean to be overheard and Elizabeth steadied herself for a lecture, but it did not come. " I hear that you will be joining us on the next leg of our journey after all Mrs Darcy" he said his voice ringing with amusement " I would advise you against it but I have come to know that is the worst thing to do" " Indeed" Elizabeth knew here laugh was lacking, so her husband had been talking after all , but then she supposed that he must have somebody other than her to speak to ,she knew that she could be difficult sometimes but she had not meant to be. She knew the colonel was aware of this as well and it showed on his good-natured face that he meant no harm by what he said "And we are to await your sister Mrs Wickham before our journey continues on also" it was a statement rather than a question and obviously a difficult one to make. He pursed his lips at the name Wickham; it rang with a particular tone of distaste. Elizabeth imagined that the name itself was hard for the Colonel to say given the tarnished memories it had attached itself to. It was beginning to become hard to think his name without boiling up into a fury. She could not blame the man for his feelings; Mr Wickham had almost ruined his dear cousin Georgiana, the poor girl was still suffered under the light of those circumstances. it was only recently that she was starting to become confident and happy again. It made Elizabeth worry about Kitty. They may get her back but under what terms? How would poor Kitty be after this, would she be ruined too? She wondered for a second if she had said that out loud, for the colonel held pity in His Eyes. he could obviously see exactly what thoughts were passing through her mind at that very moment. Was she truly as transparent as this? She found herself saying it anyway. "My poor sister Kitty, is my whole family to be tarnished and cursed by the name of Wickham sir" " come now Elizabeth" the colonel said, he was very taken aback by her sudden show of feeling ,perhaps he was worried that she might start to weep in the middle of the room and then Darcy would be cross with him for upsetting his wife. "It is not like you to be so taken over by melancholy, here" he pulled out a handkerchief and pushed it towards her willing that she take it from his hand. " no I am quite well I promise " she pushed his hand away declining the offer, " I am not weeping and bemoaning sir I just feel so lost and out of control! My husband insists on fetching Lydia here to this house and I know that he is certainly right to do so, it is the only way forward, but Lydia is not in control of herself or her feelings or indeed her words for that matter, I foresee chaos in its purest form" The colonel glanced over at Georgiana in that moment and Elizabeth took more care to keep her voice low. They could not protect the girl from Wickham forever but it would not help matters to have the poor thing further unsettled this evening after all of her earlier turmoil. "But unfortunately come she must, and soon" the colonel muttered "however much any of us wish her not to. She will be quite safe here with your mother and father and Jane perhaps Georgiana might have a tempering influence on her and we may return with Kitty to find her quite the different woman." "That is the problem sir, Lydia is not a woman, she is but a girl despite being married and a wife she does not know her own feelings, or the damage she wields by following them. She has proven that time and time again and I am truly afraid of what she might have to tell us, I am afraid that Lydia somehow has a hand in this and I don't think I could bear knowing this, I really do not. " The Colonel's eyebrows rose to his hairline in surprise, his tone turned serious and harsh in that very second, less the jovial friend and more the Stern Military Colonel "Surely you do not think that Lydia would conspire to kidnap" he had a startled look about him. "For that are a crime in itself and all the high born connections in the world will not be able to protect her.!" " no Richard I did not but I do however know Lydia and her love for money even if she is not at the end result of this problem she most certainly is somewhere at the beginning" "Well then pray that your sister arrives quickly, the faster all this business begins to make sense the better. If it is one thing to be taken from that letter, it is this. I truly believe that they would ship your sister to the Americas" Kitty sat in the darkness once more. The Ebbing light had sunk slowly away from the dungeon floor, for that is what it was, a dungeon a prison, the hole in the ground, whatever you called it, it remained the same. She slid herself far back against the wall in disgust, she would not look upon the face of the man who sat opposite her "There truly is no end to your stupidity is there" Her words were not really meant for anyone. She placed her head towards her knees feeling sick and dirty. Every inch the child she wished for the embrace of her mother or her sister, of someone who could take her in their arms and tell her that everything would be alright, and it was certain would not be the man that faced her now. She wanted no words of comfort or kindness from that person. Oh what an absolute fiasco, how could he ever have imagined that this stupid plan of his would not catch up with him at some time or another and her sister how could she ever agree to such a thing to begin with? Surely even Lydia, with about as much intelligence as the cat that caught mice in the barn back at longbourn, would have known that nothing good would follow what they have done. Now she was paying the price and what a terrible price it was. The threat of the Americas loomed over her head. Sometimes she caught herself thinking that maybe it was the kinder option compared to what awaited her at home? Pity at best, social ruin, no prospects, no friends, no connections. Dark thoughts matched the darkness of the room. What if she never saw home again. Longbourn danced in front of her eyes, as beautiful as a dream. Elizabeth walking in front of her, reaching out a hand to touch the long grass that grew in the fields outside the house. Lydia sat upon the swing in the old Apple Orchard. Father writing at his desk, mother fanning herself in the drawing room. Mary's piano playing, Hills feet up and down the stairs. back and forth, all these things she held so dear in the night and in the dark .she used them to put up a barrier against Wickham she would not speak to him again while she was here, this was all his fault. No instead she picked up the rock and banged. Wickham's anguished groan masked by the clanging that rang out, just as it had for two hours prior.
Fitzwilliam Darcy walked about the larger drawing room of Saint Patrick's court seeking refuge from the noise and chaos of the once silent house. He took a seat and it was shortly afterwards that his young wife came to find him "You looked puzzled Fitzwilliam" Lizzie placed her hand on her husband's shoulder and moved closer. He leant against her and sighed deeply, reaching up to pinch the bridge of his nose between his fingers free fraction of a second. "Not puzzled as such I am just very conscious of how this letter sounds," He said, now looking up at her. "I don't know what's your sister to be so frightened that she would refuse to come, or flee the County before we have had a chance to reach her" "She will not refuse, she is a frightened child and desperate for somebody to come in and take things over." Elizabeth took the seat beside him then and his hand into her own. "At home Lydia is in the dark and has no idea or control of what happens" "I only pray that you are right then" he said, grimly pressing stamp into the ink and sealing the letter once and for all that would summon Lydia Wickham to them at st. Patricks Court. St. Patrick had given free use of his horse and carriage to fetch Lydia and that is what they would do a driver and chaperone would travel up a day after the letter was due to arrive in order to collect her. Mr Darcy and the colonel had begun putting together a list of questions that Lydia Wickham would be able to answer. Things that they could ask her that might be of help in this search. the magistrate would once again attend though they had come to realise that he would not be much use to them. The atmosphere in the house changed on a daily basis they were happy moments and sad, the days rolled into one when no one left or did anything different from the day before. These stagnant none moving days were the worst few days of Elizabeth's life she had never known anything like it. Never been so inactive or unoccupied. The Carriage rolled onto the driveway early on the Sunday morning the Darcy's and their extended family gathered at the entrance of the house ready to greet or not greet whoever it was that stepped out of the carriage. A hand drew back the curtain and there she was Lydia Wickham. Not much altered in height or looks, but completely altered otherwise. She had the look of a person who was starved, not of food but of light, of life and people and affection. Mr Bingley was the first person to move forward and hand her down from the carriage. She stood there gazing about herself lost and forlorn, as though she did not recognise them, as though the tender ropes that tired a family members heart to another had frayed and snapped long time ago and she did not know how to mend them back together. for a moment Elizabeth thought of holding her arms out to her sister to embrace her. The lady had a startled expression upon her face she paled and her eyes grew wide her chest heaved and just as suddenly as she had appeared she met the ground with a dull thud, her skirts and petticoats falling about her. "Good heavens my child!" Mrs Bennet shrieked and rushed forwards. She crouched down to where Lydia lay upon the gravel path "Lydia my child! Lydia!" she took hold and pulled at the girl, trying to set her into an upright position. "Mother stop," Elizabeth urged, "Mamma! You cannot expect to lift her like that, Mamma!" But Mrs Bennet was deaf to her daughters pleas and continued until entreated by Mr Darcy, "Stand aside Madam" He said firmly "you will only hurt her by pulling at her in that way" He stooped down and plucked Lydia from the ground as though she were fallen feather. She hung limply in his arms, and could not be easy to bear for she was not a small frame. He began to move her quickly into the house and Elizabeth followed closely at hand. " I will call for the doctor" Sir Patrick become hobbling towards the stable and the colonel rushed after him calling that he would ride for the doctor himself, afraid the poor old man intended to do it. Lydia lay upon the bed now in the Pretty front room that had been prepared for her. Darcy retreated and left her in the capable hands of his wife whilst he waited for the doctor to arrive. Elizabeth confused and worried as to what caused such a drastic reaction in her young sister soaked a cloth in a bowl of water and dabbed the girl's face. She began making soothing noises, trying to hush her into consciousness. "Is she alright?" Jane approached bedside with caution and took a cloth out of the bowel also. Elizabeth shared with her elder sister a hasty glance. A look that told her that she and Jane had the same thought in that very instance. She considered squeezing just a little too much water onto Lydia's face wondering if that might just wake her. She did not look as though she were feigning illness but it indeed would not have surprised either of them. "Why do you suppose she fainted?" Elizabeth asked loudly ensuring that the girl who lay before them across the bed would hear her if she was indeed feigning unconsciousness. Indeed it was evident in the colour Beneath Her Eyes that she has not been sleeping. Elizabeth noted that her nails were short. Bitten perhaps with anxiety. She could only hope that it was anxiety for Kitty and for Wickham. She could only hope that her sister was thankful to be among them, that the relief had overcome her. It seemed to take forever and an age for the doctor to call at St Patricks Court, but when he did Elizabeth noted with amusement that he could have been Sir Patrick's brother. He was as doddery an old man as the owner of the household and came into the chamber with the assistance of Mr Darcy, who patient as ever had carried the doctors bag for him up the stairs "So this is the young charge is it not?" he approached the bed and the ladies Stepped aside. For a brief moment Elizabeth fancied that she spied Lydia watching through a half closed eye. It was quickly closed again however and she went back to her original state of lying limply. For shame, Elizabeth muttered to herself and moved further away again. The doctor lifted Lydia's eyelids and made a tutting sound. "Where is my mother?" Elizabeth whispered at her husband, "I am very surprised that we have been able to keep her away from this room" Mr Darcy made a grim sound "She has taken to her chamber with effect of nerves" he said with an unusual smile, Elizabeth could not imagine what he had to smile about until he told her what the doctor had wanted "The doctor has already been to see her and recommended leaching, oddly enough your mother's nerves disappeared rather rapidly but she has admitted the need to lie down and took herself away" Elizabeth suppressed a quiet a laugh and hid it delicately behind her handkerchief "Yes and dear Lydia is so very much like our mother." She approached the Doctor and her sister Jane then with an idea in mind, hoping that her clever sister would catch on quickly enough. By the look in her eye as it met her own, she had. "Doctor, I have been asked by Sir Patrick to act as mistress in this house, would you accept an invitation to dine with our party this evening?" The doctor smiled gratefully at her "Indeed I would be delighted" he remarked genuinely pleased. Said Jane to the Doctor then "pray Sir I do not suppose it would be wise to give Lydia such rich things as cake, since she is so inconveniently laid in bed? I have it good authority that a rich food is no good for those who are prone to fainting?" "Yes indeed," Elizabeth nodded in earnest, "Mamma would only take broth if she experienced fits of nervousness." " A wise choice" The Doctor cleared his throat, "Rich food is no good for nerves ,indeed you are very wise ladies, it is best that she only has bread and clear broth." Lydia groaned gently and moved her dark hair around the pillow. So she hears us then, Elizabeth raised an arch eyebrow and reached out a hand onto her sisters head, "I say she is warm to the touch Jane do you?" Jane came forward, her marble hand resting so lightly on Lydia's brow, "She is" Jane said in a concerned tone. "What is the saying Jane? Elizabeth tried her best to sound in earnest, "Isn't it starve a fever, feed a cold?" It was difficult to sound serious when her husband's own face hid an amused glint in his eye, he knew exactly what she was about and so did Jane, the only one in the dark was the poor old Doctor. Lydia's eyelids flickered again dark lashes against porcelain skin, "Mamma" She murmured, her voice barely above a whisper, throwing her head back and forth against soft satin "Mamma, is that you?" Elizabeth approached the bed, you know full well that it is not mamma you little vixen, she thought angrily to herself, and you are only awakening because you thought you would get no food! But of course acting in this hostile way did not produce results and they badly needed results. "Rest easy dear one, it is your sisters, Elizabeth Darcy and Jane Bingley who wait at your bedside, the Doctor is here, and Mr Darcy also" Elizabeth took her hand and kissed it gently making a smile ghost Lydia's lips. So she thinks that she has fooled me, and then I have fooled her also. Elizabeth rang the bell and asked the maid to bring up a tray of food and a glass of wine for Mrs Wickham's relief and on the way from the room; she turned to her husband and confided in him quietly that she suspected foul play. "But why would she act in such a way" Fitzwilliam turned his head back toward the room and frowned, hating to imagine why a lady would need to behave thus. Elizabeth placed a gentle hand on his arm, "Leave this to Jane and me," She said softly, "We know Lydia's little games well enough and trust me when I say that one is indeed afoot." Lydia Wickham had lain abed for a full day before Elizabeth dared to question her. She sat up the following morning with poached herring and eggs before her on the breakfast tray, her eyes bright and hair brushed into billowing ebony curls about her shoulders. She appeared completely at ease. Elizabeth had been walking the corridor, her arm through Janes and they waited patiently for the maid to be summoned and then a little longer for her to leave again with the empty tray, the remains of her breakfast evident. "Good to see that she at least has an appetite" Elizabeth raised an eyebrow at her sister in chagrin, "Come on Jane let us go in to her now; I cannot bare to leave this for any length of time" They pushed open the chamber door. Lydia sat at the dresser, running her horse hair brush through her dark tresses. She paused briefly and Jane took it from her hand, stilling it. "Let me" She smiled, "we cannot have you over exhorting yourself" "Indeed" Elizabeth joined her at the other side of the chair, trying her best not to look as though she had arrived to interrogate, no doubt failing as Lydia's complexion grew pale and weary. "How do you feel today sister?" Lydia's large almond eyes grew, all the innocence of childhood danced within them and for a second Elizabeth found it hard to believe her suspicions to be real, no, and this beautiful unassuming child could surely not have had anything to do with this awful thing. "I don't know anything about Kitty" Lydia began. Janes hand stilled with the brush within her fingers and she met Elizabeth's eye. Elizabeth knew that look, it told her to wait and not rush hastily into whatever it was that she were about to say in reply. "That is what you were about to ask is it not?" Lydia's bosom heaved with emotion and her eyes filled with the start of more fat tears. Her reflection crumpled in the mirror, fit to burst, "Don't think that I don't hear you in the corridor whispering Elizabeth, if I knew where they were holding Kitty then I would tell you, don't you think!" "Hush now Lydia, of course you would," Jane ran a hand down the girls hair in a soothing gesture, meaning to comfort her but Elizabeth felt what little patience she had was beginning to slip. "What about Wickham?" She frowned deeply, "Will you tell me that you know nothing of him also?" "I can only assume that wherever they hold Kitty they hold Wickham also" Lydia sniffed and turned away her face from her sister, back to the looking glass, pouting her lips at her reflection in the same way that a child likes to watch itself cry in a mirror. Elizabeth wanted to shake the petulance out of her, "Listen to me," She snapped, "Mr Darcy wanted the magistrate to come and interview you, but I managed to convince him that you were not well enough at present, he will come in the morning so if I were you I would think about the matter of your husband and any information you may have, very carefully." She received no reply from the girl and so Jane beseeched her also, "Please Lydia" She begged, "Our sister and your husband may be in grave danger, this is not some childish game, they may be killed if we do not act quickly" "I know nothing" "You mean to say that you know nothing of the debts that Wickham owes or of a man named King." The movement on Lydia's lips, repeating the name king to herself was all that Elizabeth needed to confirm her suspicions, Lydia knew. "Lydia," She snapped again, "What ever it is you must tell us" Lydia spun around in her chair the legs scraping dangerously on the floor, making the most alarming noise, she had began to cry once again, pushing the hands of her sisters away from her as they attempted to calm her down, "He...he made me swear...he he made me promise not to tell" She stumbled over her words, pushing herself back against the dresser. "I cannot tell you, please don't make me" "Lydia," Elizabeth clutched at her wrist, "Lydia sits down! Jane help me please!" Jane moved to take her other arm and the two women wrestled their struggling sister back into her seat. She sobbed and wretched, her skin blotchy with the force of crying so hard. She made one last attempt to get up and throw away their hands, but was unsuccessful. Where she expected to go, Elizabeth could not imagine. "Stop" She said firmly to her, "Stop this now Lydia, or else we will have the entire house here to bare witness to this ridiculous behaviour, Lydia!" Jane raised her hand so suddenly that Elizabeth barely had the chance to move out of the way. The sound of a sharp slap echoed against the walls followed by resounding silence, shock swept the room, and Lydia stood aghast, her hand clutched to her pulsating cheek as she gaped at her eldest sister in horror. "That is quite enough Lydia," Jane pushed her firmly back down and knelt in front of her, taking a hold of her shoulders, "Now listen to me, I will only ask you once because this is vital and I expect the truth, do you know what Wickham's dealings are with Mr King?" Lydia looked between them both, Elizabeth had to hand it to Jane, she didn't think she had it in her, and neither did Lydia by the expression on her face. "You slapped me!" She cried, Jane shook her head, "Yes and unless you start talking my girl I'm going to do it again!" Backed into a corner, Lydia visibly deflated. Her shoulders slumped and she drew into herself, small and wretched in her misery. "He did it so that we could marry" She wailed, weeping into her hands, "He did it for me but I didn't ask him to I swear it." "Lydia," Elizabeth sighed resigned, "please can you tell us what you mean, and from the start I need to understand what we are dealing with here" Lydia sniffed and pulled out a handkerchief, gazing at them from between the lace stitching. "It started with Mary King." "Mary King, that little red haired girl, the one from..." "Elizabeth if you force me to tell a story then at least afford me the courtesy of being quiet, "she snapped tossing her hair like an angry horse. "Wickham came to me one night and proclaimed his love for me, he had long desired me to be his wife you see but we had neither the means nor ability to wed. He was already in touch with King and his family by this point, involved deeply in whatever awful crime funds their family coffers," Elizabeth took and deep steadying breath stealing herself for whatever was to come. "It was desperation that led him to their door, he would never have otherwise, and he is a good man." She pleaded as though trying to convince herself, "They would not let him break away, they held him in their grasp and crushed the life out of him, he had no money or prospects and had to keep doing what they told him to do... the more he did the more they held over him, he has broken so many laws that by that point he no longer cared what he did. Mary King was infatuated with him, he didn't want her you know, but she insisted, when she fell with a babe that Wickham was the one responsible. He never touched her. They told him he had to do the honourable thing; King offered him a lot of money. Wickham pretended to be in love with her, he arranged a false officiate for the wedding, it was never a legal marriage and he took the money and ran, he did it for us, so we could be together. He did it for me"
Just a short one today guys, thank you all for your patience and reviews, I thoroughly appreciate feedback and constructive criticism. I hope you enjoy my update. Much love and happy reading. "For heaven's sake." Elizabeth did not know where to look. She looked at the wall and toward the window but she could not look at this silly, doltish child before her. Lydia must be either extremely stupid or very malicious, how could she ever expect to feed them such a ridiculous tale and expect them to believe that she was as innocent as she claimed to be. The anger surpassed to a different emotion and Elizabeth realised with horror that she felt sick. The heat crept up her arms and back, the nausea washing over her in a terrible wave. She felt the constraints of her bodice to be too tight and longed to release her body from its cage of material cords and whale bone. "I am going to step outside" She placed a hand to her mouth and shook away Jane who had reached out to her in concern. "I have not finished with you Lydia, do not move an inch!" "I do not exactly have a choice" Lydia said to her back as she moved for the door. Maybe I will slap her next time Elizabeth thought bitterly. Mr Darcy had stationed himself at the end of the corridor in a chair, at hand where he could be ready if the ladies required his assistance; it took him by surprise to see his young wife running from the room and into their own ,adjacent from it. "Elizabeth?" He called and began moving quickly forwards to seek her out. Elizabeth threw a towel over the offending bowl with a grimace having vomited and gave a startled cry when she found her husband to be standing behind her with a concerned expression upon his brow. "Here" he held out his handkerchief and placed a steadying hand against her back. His fingertips were so cool that Elizabeth could feel them through the layers of her dress. He was guiding her to a chair and she didn't resist, her body felt buoyant and unstable like a boat being tossed about in temperamental waters. "You must sit down Lizzy, you are unwell, let me fetch the doctor" "No!" Her voice was dry and raspy and she placed her hand against her throat, to try and stave it, "No I am not ill, I have just had a dreadful shock, Lydia is indirectly involved in our current situation," Her voice faltered with tears, "I am so ashamed to call her my sister, what they have done is inexcusable, it has put us in terrible danger" Mr Darcy placed his arm about her and held her gently, kissing her hand and her temple, it was unlike his wife to be as tender-hearted as this, and so whatever it was must be extremely bad. It distressed him to see her like this. So many tears and difficult things in such a short time, the lord indeed meant to test them. He got up and rang the servant's bell, asking the valet to summon colonel Fitzwilliam. The colonel appeared shortly afterwards and entered the room with a sharp knock. "What ever is wrong with my dear friend Elizabeth?" He asked as he pushed open the door and when he received no reply, moved forward to take her hand. He bowed low over it and kissed her knuckles, his smile turning to a gentle frown, "Truly good lady you look ill, has something happened?" "It appears that Mrs Wickham has made a confession of sorts, and she is upset" Mr Darcy sat back down and gestured to a seat nearby, answering on her behalf, the Colonel took it and crossed his ankles in an almost relaxed manner, as though preparing to read a newspaper. Elizabeth imagined that this information was hardly a surprise to him, he had been expecting it. "You had better tell me then," was his grim reply, "And then I will go and take down her confession on paper by way of evidence before we make preparations to leave." He frowned at Elizabeth, "Do take a tonic wine Elizabeth please, it might help" "Young Henry," Kitty called to the boy who had been sweeping the same spot in her room for the last five minutes, "Henry will you not come here for just a moment?" Henrys eyes, like a frightened doe, glanced first to the door and then at kitty. Kitty had been moved, it happened in the middle of the night, some men came and bought her up to a room of some sort, stumbling in the darkness. It was very basic, but it had a bed, a table with a candle and tinderbox and a small high window that reminded her of the battlements in a castle tower. Henry came three times a day, either with food or to empty her chamber pot. There was always a guard who escorted him, sometimes they entered the room and on other times they did not. They were cruel and unkind to him, full of sharp words and harsh tounge lashings which made the wretched child wimper and cry, nothing the poor thing did was right and its what made Kitty think hard about how he might help her. At this time it was just Kitty and young Henry and she would take her chance whilst she could. Henry crept closer, it was in this light that Kitty realised exactly how thin and sad looking the poor boy really was. Dark crescents stretched out beneath sunken eyes and sallow skin pulled across his cheek bones. His elbows were boney and his clothes hung against his body like the scarecrows on its stick frame in the fields at home. His fair hair was coloured a dull grey with dirt and ash. This poor child suffered. At worst this plan would feed him, at best it might save his life. "I have something for you" She held out her hand to him as though offering an apple to a horse, he eyed the bread cautiously where it sat in her fingers, "Take it" She urged, "There will be more at dinner time and I cannot eat it all" "I cannot Miss" His desperate eyes looked between her and the bread back and forth, he wanted to take it so badly, he made an animal type groan, "They will beat me if they find out I been eating what's not mine mistress" Tears began to form in his eyes and Kitty reached out and purposefully placed the soft bread into his hand, his own tightened around it in an instant. "They will not find out from me" She said firmly, "Now eat it please, you need it more than I do, I do not want it to waste" Henry did not need to be told again, he snatched it up in his spindly hands and ran back to the corner to eat it. Kitty felt mildly sick, she had never seen such a sight as this, such hunger in a child was unheard of in her small village home, where the wealthy saw to it that the poor were at least fed enough to survive. "I will keep back some of my meat tonight" She said softly to him as he forced the last bits into his mouth. "I wondered if you could tell me, what floor am I on, in this building?" He nodded at her, his eyes watering with the efforts of swallowing such a dry meal so quickly. He gave a loud hiccough and brushed the crumbs from the front of his shirt. "You are on the ground floor mistress," He said barely above a whisper, then leaning forwards, "Will you really keep meat for me?" "Yes I will", so they had been underground before then, she knew that much was right. She glanced towards the door being careful to keep her voice low in case they were overheard, "so long as you come in alone, you will be able to eat it, but you must not tell a soul do you understand me Henry?" She held his gaze and he nodded in earnest, in that moment she knew that he would do anything she asked of him so long as she kept him in food. "You have believed many foolish things in life Lydia but this is by far the stupidest tale you have told," Mr Bennet gazed down his spectacles at his youngest child, a dissatisfied look upon his brow. Mrs Bennet was silent and Sir Patrick tapped his foot in an agitated manner. Elizabeth had thought it an unusual decision to have the old gentleman present, but then it was his house and now he was privy to all of their affairs once and for all. Her husband trusted him completely however and so in turn did she. They could rely on is discression in this very serious matter, they would have to. "Did your good gentleman ever happen to tell you where he went to be in service of this King?" Sir Patrick of all people was the first to begin. Lydia shook her head and shrugged. "Lydia," Elizabeth warned her with an icy tone, "You must address Sir Patrick in the correct manner . You need to start trying a little harder, there has to be something" The woman sniffed and pulled the lap blanket around her knees a little tighter, her dark damask dress rustling underneath it, "I know that it was three days travel from Longbourne and that is all I can tell you, where ever it was took three days by post" Mr Darcy's hand moved franticly as he took it all down, his expression altering occasionally with each comment. He stood abruptly, making Lydia start in her chair, "If you have nothing else to contribute Mrs Wickham, We shall retire and try to draw some conclusion from it all, I suggest that you spend this time in reflection on your actions, perhaps in prayer that the good lord will return your sister unarmed from these dreadful people." He turned his back on the woman before she dared to answer. "The Colonel and I will sit in the library and discuss these matters" Mr Darcy muttered quietly to Elizabeth when she followed him from the room, "We need to look over all the details of the events and try to determine our next movement now that we are better informed." Elizabeth could not work out the details enough from her memory, did not know what they could draw from the information at hand, but that did not mean that she wouldn't try her hardest to be of use to them. "I will attend also" She said firmly.
I may regret the uploading of this chapter tomorrow. I have had a few glasses of gin to celebrate the birth of my niece Elsie. I am so proud of my little brother becoming a daddy! I hope everything is okay with this chapter, I am so excited to share this with you, I have worked hard on it, PLEASE BE GENTLE! Bearing witness to young Henry devouring the meat from the plate of leftovers that Kitty had hidden under her bed turned her stomach around in vicious circles. Despite having eaten the bread 3 hours before, the poor child was clearly starving. He looked up at her with grateful eyes and wiped the greasy stains from around his lips. Seeming self conscious for the first time. "I thank you mistress" he said quietly "I thank you with all my heart. That is the first time I have eaten meat in many months and probably the last" his young voice trailed off into quietness again and he sat on the floor with his arms around his knees. She knew then that he was as much a captive as she was, clearly forced to do the bidding of the disgusting man who held her there. Her thoughts turned to Wickham and she wondered where they could have been keeping him, she wondered if he too had been given the luxury of a room that had a bed or whether he languished in the dungeon below her feet. The dungeon was where he belonged in her opinion, despicable man. She held the wooden cup of water out to the young boy and he took it gratefully, drinking long and deep. When he had finished he got up from the floor and took up his broom it was clearly what he was meant to be doing in the first place. She knew that he could not be seen as neglecting his duties here or they would stop him from coming and then where should she be? "I wonder what could have befallen Mr Wickham" she said quietly, watching to see if the boy took her bait. The sounds of the Broom scratched across the stone floor for a few moments more before stopping. He then began to sweep more viciously but worked his way closer to her. She knew that he meant to tell her, but did not want to be overheard. "He still stays below mistress he is in the dungeon they have left him there" "I see" said Kitty "I wonder why they moved me here then" "I am afraid that I cannot say" Henry took up the Broom once more "I cannot say because I do not know ,but I will say that Mr king never does anything for no reason, he always has a reason behind his actions, that is why I am here also." "Oh do go on" Kitty said encouragingly when the boy stopped once more. He looked at her fearfully, he knew that he was speaking out of turn and would likely get a lashing if not worse for talking to the young lady about anything, but she had been so kind to him, Kinder than anyone in this place had ever been, he would trust her with this at least. "It began when I was very small" he looked towards the door to make sure that nobody was coming in before continuing quietly in his own little way. His movements reminded her of a frightened animal and she wondered what could have happened to make him act in such a manner. "When I was small I lived in a big house, I am the son of a gentleman, it was just Mother Father and I, I did not know much about the way of the world, but I did know that Mother and Father were very unhappy. Father like the drink you see and mother became sick and sad. I was sent to live with my grandmother and before I knew it mother died. I never got the chance to see her before she left us and father did not want me back at home, but at the time I did not know that there was no home to go to. Father had borrowed from King. He owed him an awful amount of money, so much so that nothing my father could ever do would be enough to pay him back. My grandmother was poor and struggled to keep me in clothes and food. In the end King came to some agreement with him and I was sent to Kings care to work back the debts of my family in exchange for the bed and board that my grandmother cannot afford, they send money to my grandmother you know to help keep her in comfort, she was kind to me, she loves me and I love my grandmother" He looked away then his eyes filled with painful tears and Kitty new that the young lad was not so Naive as this King, who half staved and flogged the boy, did not send money to his grandmother, but he worked on, in the hope and belief that he did and that his long days and hard Nights were not in Vain. "Henry you are a brave boy" Kitty stood and reached her hand towards him, she clutched at his wrist, "Henry you are such a brave boy, you have been through an awful ordeal and if you will help me then I will help liberate you also. When my family come, I will see to it that they help you out of this terrible situation. You will have somewhere to live and there will be food, you do not belong here nobody belongs here, but you are clearly a gentleman's son and I am a gentleman's daughter I give you my word and my solemn promise that you will not be left here with King. Hush Now child..." she placed an arm around his shoulder as his little body and thin frame began to shake with emotion and relief. "Forgive me Miss Kitty" he wiped the tears away hurriedly completely overcome, " forgive me for weeping like a child, please forgive me, it is not gentlemanly and I've bought shame on myself, but you have no idea how relieved I am to hear you say this." He paused and swallowed, calming himself down. "I will help you if I can, but I must not be seen to be helping you if you understand my meaning? If King knows what is happening then he will whip me and I will not be permitted to come here and then I will be no use to you and I will not be able to help you" "Yes I understand all this very well" Kitty said in hushed tones "I understand that I am putting you in a very dangerous situation, I know that it will be a very hard thing to do and you will have to be quick and clever and deceitful on my behalf, but I promise you that it will not go unrewarded. You must not give us away Henry you must keep quiet and be careful you must not tell anybody that you are going to help me or that I am feeding you or anything that suggests either of the two things at all" "I give you my word Miss Kitty that I will help you," Henry gave a short bow and moved away from her again, he brushed outside the door loudly and clanked plates about as he wiped the table. "How long does it take to sweep a floor and pick up plates boy hurry up!" the guard called crossly from outside the door, Idol boy he could be heard muttering Their Eyes met once again before the young boy left the room, his own full of meaning and kitties full of desperation. She prayed to the lord above that she had not made the most dreadful mistake by putting her trust in a 12-year-old boy. She was sure that he would not give her away on purpose, but she did not know his person and so did not know how careful he would be with everything that I passed before them. She lay down upon the bed then, the hard hay poked out from its mattress and scratched her through her dress, the cold draught blew from underneath the door and made gooseflesh rise on her skin. Please please I must be released from this hell she pleaded, no tears would come today, and she had cried so many now that they had run dry for a long time. She sat up again and moved to the desk, Kitty Bennet would not be defeated; she would not lie down and take this. A plan began to formulate in her mind and she set about putting it into action. "We firstly need to lay together everything that we know" Mr Darcy sat heavily down at the desk and looked between the colonel and Elizabeth. "Yes" the Colonel agreed "we need to come up with a formulated list of everything that might help us discover the whereabouts" "Lydia seems to think that Wickham would travel 3 days by coach from Hertfordshire to get to wherever it was that he needed to be, in order to do King's bidding. That is a mighty long way; 3 days... you would expect it to be about 190 miles, where would three days travel take you from Hertfordshire?" "Why Liverpool of course" Elizabeth looked between them "it is Liverpool. Mary King told my sister's that she was being sent to Liverpool to live with her uncle indefinitely. Liverpool is approximately that distance from Hertfordshire surely?" The colonel and Darcy looks between each other "It cannot be this easy surely?" said the colonel "could they really be in Liverpool? Is she right Darcy; is that the right distance and the right amount of time?" Mr Darcy took map out from his pocket. It had been residing there a long time waiting to be of use. He had been studying it for days now, trying to work out all the possible locations. He had been tracking the name King across the country, to find them out in the areas surrounding them. "Indeed" he said cautiously, "indeed Liverpool would be just about right and there are kings in Liverpool that I have come to hear of" The colonel sighed, got up and walked towards the whiskey decanter across the room. He poured 3 small glasses and brought them back to the table. "Then it seems as though we're to go to Liverpool, though what we will do when we get there, I do not know. I cannot help but feel that we are grasping at straws Fitzwilliam, I wonder whether we should gather more information first before charging off to Liverpool" "What do you propose that we try to find out Colonel?" Elizabeth said sharply "I do not know what we must wait for in order to act" "I understand your frustration dear cousin" the colonel looked at her with kind eyes, " I do understand your frustration, but we cannot just charge into the abyss without knowing our enemy, without knowing anything more about King other than he is not a good man. We must be armed with the correct information and sent travelling in the right direction, we must be sure that it is the right direction before we go. What if we travel to Liverpool and then discover that they are in Ipswich? That sort of mistake could cause mayhem, it could be the result of many more days where your sister is The Captive and goes undiscovered!" "We must not forget that they have offered a bargain also" said Mr Darcy "they have offered to return Kitty to us for a sum of money. I wonder whether we should reply first and wait to see if they give us a location" "Yes I had quite forgotten about that" the colonel said gravely "in all the commotion that has arrived along with Mrs Wickham", he got up and began to pace the room, "Do you think then Sir that the best course of action is to reply first in the affirmative that we will do as they have asked? if we can track down the location from whence the letter has been sent, then it may give us the best idea of where to find your sister." he looked at Elizabeth again waiting for her agreement " if the directions indeed do come from a location close to Liverpool, then we know where we need to go to find her. We have the advantage of course in that we are closer to Liverpool than Pemberley is. They believe us to be still in Pemberley and so a day or two further away than we actually are. If we travel ahead of the arranged date it may allow us the chance to intervene, for I do not believe king has honourable intentions with your sister Elizabeth, I will not lie to you, I believe that he means to have the money and I do not know what he will do with your sister afterwards" "I hear you meaning all too well" Elizabeth said slowly "if they are to be convinced that we're in Pemberley then the letter in which we use to reply must also come from Pemberley, for they are not likely to be so stupid. If we can ascertain their location using postal stamps than they might do that also Fitzwilliam can you not have a letter sent directly to Pemberley with some firm directions?" "I can do Elizabeth but all this is going to take a very long time, are you proposing that I write the response to King on one letter and another letter with directions on where to send it?" "I am" she said firmly and frowned at the Colonel who's pacing had become frantic, " but I am so sure that they are in Liverpool I can feel it, I know that is where she is my dear Kitty ...Richard for heaven's sake will you sit down for more than two seconds together!" She snapped finally. The Colonel bowed in apology and poured another glass of whiskey, "My apologies madam" He said taking a seat once more, "I am not in the habit of keeping still; I am a man of action." "I am sorry for being so harsh" She smiled, "It is just important that we all know what we are doing and if you take yourself over to the other end of the room whilst pacing around then you may indeed miss something!" "And is all very well saying that you feel that Kitty is in Liverpool, my Dear," Mr Darcy interjected tactfully, "but we cannot just go on feelings Elizabeth, this has to be done properly. I know it is frightening and I know that it is hard to wait so long, they will not harm Kitty at present if she is to be used as a bargaining tool, there is great sense in what you have said I will have Mrs Reynolds send on the reply from Pemberley, to make it look as though we are still there. I will send this letter today it is Monday the letter will arrive on Wednesday and after it has been sent on it will not likely reach the King's again until Friday. It may well take them a few days to reply but as soon as we get our instructions on when and where they wish us to meet, we shall leave instantly for Liverpool, if that is where the trail leads us." "This could all go so wrong Fitzwilliam what if they are doing the same as us, what if the letters are being sent from London or elsewhere?" "Elizabeth there are several of our party that can be sent in different directions at the same time. Lydia and Mrs Bennet will remain here with Jane and Georgiana to keep them sensible. Bingley and Mr Bennet will travel to the location identified by the King's, if it is different and not in Liverpool. We will solve this once and for all." "In the meantime" said the colonel "I will make some quiet enquiries about these Kings amongst the officers I can promise their discretion." "As long as their discretion is promised than you may of course do that" Mr Darcy, rolled his map away and put it inside his Jacket pocket, " but we cannot have any more details put out into the Open at risk of being discovered, if they move Kitty now then we may never find her in time." He sighed then as though he bore the weight of a thousand men on his shoulders, "Come with me Elizabeth," He said, "Your written word is far superior to my own; please assist me in drafting this letter."
