An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Prologue The Royal Rest Inn was so named due to its much-repeated claim to have hosted not one, not two, but three royal guests during its existence. There was no clear proof, and many were skeptical, but enough believed the tale that the inn was usually the first choice for exhausted travelers… that was until the new highway took a new route, bypassing the old Monks Road for a more direct route southward towards London. Over the past fourteen years the old inn had taken on a much more forlorn appearance, and it had changed hands twice. So then the new owners should have been extremely pleased when a massive storm flooded the new highway and drove two different carriages, travelling in opposite directions, onto Monks Road and into the waiting arms of The Royal Rest. Unfortunately, and perhaps ironically, the innkeeper's wife had suffered a miscarriage only the night before. Nevertheless, an inn must do business to survive, and two relatively wealthy couples could certainly not be turned away. Irony having already been mentioned, it must now be noted that both couples, one arriving two hours after the other, were expecting new additions to their families… and both very soon. Why they were travelling so close to the expected due dates will not be mentioned at this point, though accusations and recriminations flew from at least one quarter on this issue for many years to come. Whatever the reason, the result was that two young ladies arrived at the same inn on the same day and both went into labor during that dark and torrentially stormy night. The two fathers adjourned to the main room where each nursed their drink of choice. They paced. They read. They shared a few stories and jokes. They even attempted a game of chess, for which neither could produce the necessary concentration. Oddly enough, they never thought to share their names or discuss their homes. They shared camaraderie that night, but parted almost as near to strangers as they arrived. Two beautiful baby girls were delivered, much to the delight of one mother and the chagrin of the other. Both mothers suffered during the long hours of delivery. Both were incapable, at least in the immediate aftermath of delivery, of providing nourishment for their young daughters. With the storm making even local travel impossible, the only available nursemaid was the innkeeper's own distraught and despondent wife. So then the woman who had just lost her own child had to sit up during the night. She enlisted the aid of a young niece who was good with babies, although not too bright. Because the little girls were both born with bald heads and blue eyes, the nursemaid elected to feed each at a designated breast. This worked throughout that seemingly endless first night until near-dawn. One baby had fallen asleep and had been laid on the bed. The fussiest of the little girls remained stubbornly awake. She flailed and squirmed and finally managed to claw her food source with vicious little fingernails. In that moment of pain and distraction, the lethargic nursemaid switched the fussy little baby to her other breast, while taking careful charge of flailing claws. Both nursemaid and charge finally fell into a deep slumber. The niece, returning to the room after her own brief rest, followed the agreed-upon procedure, returning each baby to its respective cradle. Dawn broke to a bright new day. Neither couple wished to linger when their homes were only a short carriage ride away. By mid-morning both families departed, one south to London and the other north to the little town of Meryton. All records of their brief stays disappeared five months later when some exuberant guest from the Four-Horse Club overset a candle, burning the storied inn to the ground and taking the lives of both owners and several guests. Chapter One – Newcomers at the Assembly Elizabeth rolled her eyes as the entire assembled crowd, dancers, sideliners, and musicians alike, almost froze with the arrival of the strangers. She could only assume that this was the infamous Netherfield party. After a quick assessment, she turned to her best friend Charlotte, "Only five in the party? Do you know who each is?" "The blond gentleman with the big smile is Mr. Bingley. The two ladies are his sisters. The shorter one is Mrs. Hurst; she is here with her husband." "The tall, forbidding gentleman?" Lizzy inquired with attempted nonchalance as she admired the man. Charlotte smiled, neither fooled nor surprised that the man would attract her friend's eye, "No, the rotund man who is making a run for the refreshments." "Better and better, though the tall one does appear rather unhappy to be here. The sisters certainly seem more pleased with themselves than with their current surroundings." Charlotte nodded. She had visited Netherfield Park with her father. The sisters, especially the younger one, had made no secret of their disdain for all things rural. "She will be acting as the hostess. She doesn't seem too impressed with our little area of England." Lizzy flinched when she heard an all too familiar voice stating, entirely too loudly, "And Mr. Bingley's fortune is nothing to that gentleman's. Why, he has ten-thousand a year!" She turned away from the matron, hoping somehow to dissociate herself. The music began again and Toby Long stepped forward to claim his dance. Lizzy did her best to overcome her mortification, successfully enough that she was smiling again by the end of the dance. Charlotte had also danced, albeit with a much older man. The friends were reuniting to secure refreshments and continue their chat when their progress was interrupted. "Girls! Girls! Come here! You too, Lizzy, though I don't know why I should bother," Mrs. Bennet's call was somewhere between a bark and a crow's caw. Elizabeth grimaced but obeyed, followed by Charlotte's sympathetic gaze. After marshalling her three eldest chicks, the mother hen led them over to where Sir Lucas was standing with four of the newcomers. Good naturedly, if a trifle pompously, Sir William Lucas made the introductions, "Mr. Bingley, ladies, please allow me to introduce one of our foremost families, the Bennets. Mr. Bennet is not here tonight, but may I introduce Mrs. Bennet, Miss Jane Bennet, Miss Elizabeth, and Miss Mary?" He paused to look for the missing duo and Mrs. Bennet promptly took over. "So very honored to meet you, Mr. Bingley. As Sir Lucas said, this is my eldest, Jane. This is my middle child, Mary. My two youngest are over there dancing…" All eyes followed her gesture to see two young girls dancing and flirting rather outrageously with several men, "… and, oh yes, Lizzy." Her enthusiasm seemed to drop with the last introduction, causing all eyes to turn to the shorter, dark auburn-haired girl, who was flushing with embarrassment. Mr. Bingley, who very seldom picked up on social cues, answered with a bright smile, "Very pleased to meet you all. Please allow me to introduce my dear friend, Mr. Darcy, my elder sister, Mrs. Hurst…" he paused for a disconcerted moment, only then realizing that his brother-in-law had vanished, "and my younger sister, Miss Caroline." Mrs. Bennet gushed. Miss Bingley turned her nose up. Mr. Bingley solicited the next two dances from a blushing Jane, to which she assented. Elizabeth was aware of all of this in a periphery manner, but her focus was shifting between Mrs. Hurst and Mr. Darcy. For some odd reason, both of their gazes were fixed on her in the most unnerving manner. She was about to question them when her mother's voice intruded once again, "And do you dance, Mr. Darcy? My Mary is currently in want of a partner." The plain, brown-haired girl mentioned had been focused elsewhere. With her mother's tactless prompt her focus was snapped back to the group with a look of alarm. Rather than respond, the tall, forbidding man scowled, bowed, and walked away. Mrs. Bennet's face contorted into a mask of hatred and she declared, "Why, have you ever seen such a proud, disagreeable man!?" Mary had already headed back to her favorite corner, so it fell to Elizabeth to speak, "Mother! Please, he'll hear you!" The older woman spun and turned her ire on her least favorite daughter, "Well I certainly don't care if he does hear. Who is he to look down on one of my precious daughters? I don't care if he does have ten-thousand a year! And you! Trying to put on airs like you are somebody special. Don't you ever try to correct me again!" With that, she headed towards the tables where the other gossiping matriarchs were sitting, rudely shoving past the stricken young woman.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 2 – Disconcerting Behavior Five more dances were performed, with Elizabeth much in-demand. She was popular with the local population despite her mother's cruel dismissals. Elizabeth was enjoying herself and her dance card was almost full. She knew that she would pay for this later, but she didn't know why she shouldn't dance. After all, Jane, Kitty, and Lydia also had full cards, so what was the harm? Mary could dance if she desired, but she seldom did. That could hardly be Lizzy's fault… though it wouldn't matter to her bitter mother. Well, that is a concern for later. Sufficient to this moment are the troubles thereof… or the fun. What will happen will happen whether I enjoy myself or no. The Quadrille came to a conclusion, partners bowed, and Elizabeth moved towards a quiet corner farthest away from the tables that housed the matrons. She was obliged, by the scarcity of gentlemen, to sit down for the next two dances, but she didn't mind overly. Mary was also ensconced there, so Elizabeth gracefully took a seat beside her. Mary smiled ruefully, "I don't see why everyone enjoys dancing so much. I find that deep contemplation had much greater value." Elizabeth touched her sister's hand. She knew that her sister's bookish ways frightened away most of the local men. "Perhaps it is true, dear Mary. But I hope that you will someday meet the man who will deeply touch both your heart and your intellect." Both sisters returned their attention to the crush. Mary noticed a certain tall gentleman who she had observed moving behind the crowd around the room. It was clear that, although he had danced obligatory dances with the two host ladies from Netherfield, he was now avoiding the younger one. Miss Bingley had been pursuing him whenever he made the mistake of being seen. More than once she had cut straight across the assembly hall, once stepping right through the dance line. Nevertheless, her quarry persisted in evading her. Mary was quite entertained. She did notice that, whenever she saw him safely at rest, his gaze was almost fixed on a certain individual. "Mr. Darcy certainly looks at you a lot, Lizzy," Mary teased. Lizzy had noticed, though she couldn't understand it. He certainly hadn't approached her in the past hour. "I don't know what he is about. Perhaps he finds some grievous fault with me and can't stop staring… like watching something frightening at the London Menagerie." Charlotte had just joined the pair. She and Mary shared an amused look. "Eliza, I doubt very seriously that he is finding fault, though he has been asking several curious questions about you." She lifted her eyebrows suggestively. "Oh, Charlotte, don't make any false assumptions. Whatever his reasons, he can't be truly interested. If he isn't from the first circles of the Ton, he must certainly be near them. That means that he will be looking in Town for any potential match, not here… and I have no interest in being any man's temporary distraction." Both Charlotte and Mary frowned at this. While neither of them had ever been near matrimony, Jane and Elizabeth had each experienced what seemed to be real interest, only to have the men offer less appropriate proposals. Their mother had been furious in Jane's case, but had cruelly suggested to Elizabeth that that might be all she could ever hope for. If it weren't for the damage that such a decision could do to her other daughters, Mrs. Bennet might very well have pushed Elizabeth into becoming that man's mistress. "Elizabeth," Charlotte only used her friend's full name when very serious, "I know you were hurt by Mr. Turner, but all men aren't like that. Please don't write off a potential suitor based on one bad experience." Further conversation ceased as the three ladies overheard a conversation behind them and to their left. "Come Darcy," Mr. Bingley prompted, "I must have you dance. I hate to see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance." "I certainly shall… Bingley, don't you see? Oh, nevermind, of course you don't. Perhaps… could you re-introduce me to the young lady there." Bingley followed his friend's indication and saw the three ladies. "Which do you… Oh, Miss Elizabeth of course. Follow me then." Darcy, more aware of social niceties than his friend, grimaced at Bingley's automatic dismissal of two of the ladies. With introductions made, he first solicited Elizabeth, and then the other ladies for dances. Elizabeth was tempted by some recalcitrant imp to refuse, but one look into the handsome man's brilliant blue eyes made her compliant. Charlotte accepted the next dance and a curious Mary surprised all by accepting the third. The music began, signaling a country dance, which meant that the pair would partner for longer than usual. Despite his previous disdain for the exercise, Elizabeth quickly saw that Mr. Darcy was an accomplished dancer. As tall and powerfully built as he was, he was still remarkably light on his feet. More importantly, despite his height, he seemed able to adjust his movements to his diminutive partner. When a full ten minutes had passed without a word, Elizabeth teased, "Come, Mr. Darcy, we must have some converse. I shall make mention of how much I enjoy a country dance. You may then remark on how appropriate it is for the length and narrowness of this assembly hall." Fitzwilliam Darcy had been attempting to take the measure and countenance of his partner for the past hour and a half from a distance. This was the first time, barring their brief introduction, that he had been close to her. He was struck by the remarkable sparkle in her deep brown eyes. In fact, he almost stumbled when he allowed himself a moment too long to look into them. Shaking himself mentally, he responded, "You talk by rule, then, while you are dancing?" She smiled impishly. Though confused by the man, his proximity was somehow exhilarating. "Sometimes. One must speak a little, you know. It would look odd to be entirely silent for half an hour together; and yet for the advantage of some, conversation ought to be so arranged as that they may have the trouble of saying as little as possible." Darcy was struck by the intelligence of her words and the teasing sparkle of her fine eyes. Involuntarily, he smiled, and it was Elizabeth's turn to almost stumble. "Are you consulting your own feelings in the present case, or do you imagine you are gratifying mine?" "Yours, of course," replied Elizabeth archly as she tried to regain her equilibrium. That smile is a dangerous weapon, "for having observed your curious movements about the room…" she raised an eyebrow to make her point, "I suspect that you pick and choose your conversation partners even more carefully than your dance partners." Their next movements separated them as they proceeded from the lead of the line to the backmost. Reunited, she continued, "Casual conversations about little nothings would not seem to be your forte." Darcy allowed himself to enjoy the brief touch of her hand that the dance required before responding. "You perceive much based upon such a brief acquaintance. Though I pray that you not sketch my character too closely just yet. Time and repeated interaction may allow for a fuller portrait." Elizabeth caught the nuances behind this man's words and found them both intriguing and disconcerting. "But sir, what are the chances that, with a man of your standing and responsibilities, circumstances will afford such opportunities for repetition?" Darcy's voice became slightly husky as he replied, "I sincerely hope that opportunity will allow." Although there was an electricity between them, conversation drifted to the more mundane, perhaps both realizing the dangers of such intensity. Oddly enough for Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy occasionally introduced almost intrusive questions about her family and her early childhood. His questions were just on the edge, but he always returned to the mundane quickly enough that she could not take offense. Nevertheless, she could not shake the feeling that the questions were more purposeful than random. When the dance was completed the musicians took a brief respite. Charlotte and Mary had circulated, Mary most likely to another hiding place. Mr. Darcy resumed his quizzical frown and drifted away, again moving in direct opposition to Miss Bingley's circumnavigation of the hall, much to Elizabeth's amusement. It was startling, therefore, when another person took a seat beside her. Mrs. Hurst had shed her previously haughty mask and now seemed almost tentative, "Forgive me, Miss Bennet, for imposing, but I wished to know you better." Elizabeth, having misjudged once already this evening, gave the older lady a genuine smile, "I would like that, Mrs. Hurst. It can be quite lonely moving into a new neighborhood. I would be pleased to offer any assistance and would also be pleased at making a new friend." She was surprised to see what looked like relief on the woman's face. Mrs. Luisa Hurst was neither as tall nor as beautiful as her younger sister. Still, after she relaxed there was a certain gentility in her manner that quickly recommended her to Elizabeth. They spoke of the limited shops in Meryton, of fashion, of the various genteel families in the area, and of other inconsequentials. Yet, just as with Mr. Darcy, Mrs. Hurst asked the occasional intrusive question. It was all a little unsettling. oOoOOoOo The assembly ended. Celebrants dispersed, each to their own modes of transportation. The Netherfield party had ridden in the Darcy carriage. Larger though it was, it still felt cramped when the one of the passengers persisted in attempting to "innocently" brush her knees against Darcy. When this failed to elicit any positive response, Miss Bingley proceeded to denigrate everything about the county, the town, the assembly, and most especially Elizabeth Bennet. She had seen Mr. Darcy's dance with the three women, but had specifically seen the repeated smiles on Mr. Darcy's face elicited during his dance with the second Miss Bennet. Caroline could count on one hand the times that she had seen Mr. Darcy smile, and up until now those had always been elicited by his little sister. The truth was that Caroline had spent very little time with Darcy during the many years that he and her brother had been friends. Despite her best efforts, the dratted man had persisted in being elusive. The only positive aspect of this ridiculous excursion into the wilds of Hertfordshire for Caroline was that she expected to have Mr. Darcy completely to herself. If she couldn't win his hand, she would find a way to effect an inescapable compromise. She had promised herself long before that she would be the next mistress of Pemberley. This had seemed simple before this evening. Now, for the first time, the irritating man had shown an interest in a lady, and it wasn't Caroline. Worse, it was a diminutive country mushroom of a woman who couldn't even be described as beautiful! If Darcy had honed in on the elder Miss Bennet, it might have made sense, but Eliza Bennet!? Something about the girl disquieted Caroline in an almost primal way. She looked nothing like her sisters. Her own mother didn't even seem to like the chit. And for Caroline herself, there was an odd familiarity about the drudge that invoked all of the worst feelings in her chest. One thing was for certain: no country nobody was going to steal Caroline Bingley's manifest destiny! oOoOOoOo "How dare you push yourself out like that," Mrs. Bennet snarled at Elizabeth, "And to dance with that rude, insufferable, arrogant Mr. Darcy!" Elizabeth schooled her features. As much as she wanted to roll her eyes and defend herself, she knew that it would do no good. Her father might enjoy her company. He might share his books. But he seldom stepped up to intervene in his wife's incessant rants against Elizabeth. "Mama, the only reason that Mr. Darcy asked me to dance was because he was trying to avoid Miss Bingley…" "Nonsense! Why would he wish to avoid her? She was everything refined and beautiful, not as beautiful as my Jane, but certainly a jewel of the ton. Why would that odious man choose to dance with you to avoid her? You are nothing to her, Jane, or in fact any of my girls! You were supposed to be a BOY! But you couldn't even get that right!" Mary frowned but didn't interject. Lydia and Kitty giggled. Jane, sitting next to Elizabeth, surreptitiously slid a comforting hand over hers. The eldest interrupted in her sweet, soothing tone, "Mama, didn't you think that Mr. Bingley was handsome?" "Oh! So handsome! And rich as well! Five-Thousand a Year! Oh, my dear Jane! I've always known that you couldn't be so beautiful for nothing! Such jewels you will have, and carraiges! And just think how your elevation will allow your sisters… well, most of them (she glared at Elizabeth for a moment)… into the paths of other rich men!" In the darkened carriage Elizabeth squeezed her older sister's hand in thanks. Then she closed her eyes, settled back to listen to her mother's endless speech, and let her mind remember a certain handsome, manly face.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 3 – Disquiet and Dislike AN: Sorry, this chapter is more narrative than dialogue. It is almost expository in nature. But it will answer some questions and set the stage for what will follow. Old Monk's Road – 1794 Charles sat his horse, neither riding nor dismounting, and stared at the scorched ruins of the inn. What am I to do now? Genevieve had repeatedly told him her suspicions, but he had laughed it off at first. The idea that two babies had been switched was, after all, the stuff of novels. As her disquiet continued and grew worse, he vacillated between doubt and belief. As the girl child grew, as her features matured, and as her temper revealed itself in full, she became more and more a stranger. Still, he took no action. It was only when Genevieve began to sicken that he finally made the trip. She was plagued with nightmares, convinced that her dear little girl was somewhere out there, alone, abandoned and unloved. His first wife, Millicent, had been arranged. Her dowry and her father's standing as a major shareholder in the Hudson's Bay Company had helped him to elevate his own business empire. They hadn't loved each other but they had gotten on well enough. Most of his time was spent in building his business into an empire. He wasn't a callous man, per se, yet he gave little thought to Millicent's needs. Typhoid took her when Louisa was only five and Charles Jr. was only one. Charles met Genevieve's father while negotiating a shipping deal in Cornwall. He was invited to the great man's home on occasion, but never allowed to attend any events. It wouldn't have done for anyone to know that they even associated with someone in trade. He often wondered why he was invited at all. He was even more surprised that one of their daughters was allowed to be in his presence so often. Genevieve was strikingly beautiful, intelligent, and lively. The daughter of her father's second wife, she had no standing in the house and was often treated as more of an afterthought. Charles and Genevieve talked comfortably with each other. He spoke of his little children and told her about his burgeoning business empire. She talked about her uncomfortable place in her home and her own dreams for the future. Eventually, they fell in love. It was then that Lord Anthony Hargrave revealed his cruel plan. Like many of his peers, Lord Hargrave had a mountain of debt. While he detested the merchant class, he appreciated their ready supply of money. Now that the young man was hooked, the Earl of Warwick demanded a ridiculous sum of money from Charles Bingley. In return, he would allow the marriage in private, but would publically denounce the match to all who mattered. In fact, from the moment that Genevieve married, she would be completely disowned, her place in her family disavowed. Charles paid willingly, determined to free his love from the home that had become her prison. They never looked back. Unlike his first marriage, Charles included Genevieve in his business and investments. She had such a sharp mind and an instinct for people that she aided him enormously. Together they recouped the money spent to facilitate their marriage and then continued to grow his shipping empire far beyond what he had ever envisioned. Whereas before he always travelled alone, now he always took his wife along. The announcement that Genevieve was with child brought great joy to the entire Bingley family. Charles envisioned a little boy or girl with his wife's deep auburn curls and her dark, sparkling eyes. 1791 was a year of great trials for the Bingley family. Two ships were lost, either to the French, pirates, or foul weather nobody ever knew. A fully stocked warehouse burned to the ground in London. Genevieve's father tried to extort additional funds. And finally the workers in one of the northern factories took control of the building to demand extortionate wages. Against Charles' better judgment, given her condition, Genevieve insisted on accompanying her husband on his long trek north. Truthfully, she was much better at sifting through the many complaints and prevarications to identify the truths than he was. With her by his side they met with disgruntled workers and supervisors and ironed out a deal that all could agree to. They finished negotiations a full three weeks before Genevieve's due date, but spring storms delayed and harassed them all of the way home. They were less than half a day's trip from London when flooding drove them off of the King's highway onto Old Monk's road. Genevieve broke her water in the carriage and the die was cast. They stopped at the Royal Rest Inn and prayed for the best. The delivery wasn't easy. Her screams drove the helpless Charles down to the common room where he met a gentleman who, amazingly, was in the same dilemma. His wife was also ensconced in a room of the inn, travailing through the birth of her second child. The two men were both highly intelligent, though the other chap seemed to have a questionable and biting sense of humor. He was also already well into his cups. Charles shared the man's brandy and barely remembered what they talked about or what they did during their long wait. Now, three years later, Charles wished that he hadn't allowed himself to drink so much. Try as he might, he couldn't remember the other man's name, assuming that they had ever shared names. Nobody in the surrounding area knew it either. Everyone remembered the storm, but they offered little sympathy for anyone foolish enough to have been far from home during it. Charles did find the deceased owner's niece, but she was of limited understanding. She did remember two babies, but nothing more than that. Defeated, Charles Bingley turned his mount south and headed home. I will keep searching, my dear. But meanwhile we will do our best for little Caroline. She may not be ours, but we will treat her as if she is and we will pray that the others do the same for our lost little girl. oOoOOoOo Old Monk's Road - 1797 Henry Bennet watched with interest as the builders stood up the west wall of the church that was being built in the location that had once housed The Royal Rest Inn. He hadn't actually intended to detour here, but after a restful stay in London he was loathe to return to Longbourn. Fanny had never warmed to his little Elizabeth. In her mind the innocent child was at fault for not being born a boy. Henry's own research into the issue showed that, while historically women were blamed for the gender of their children, many now speculated that it was the fault of the male. Whether it was God, fate, man or woman to blame, the fact still remained that the Bennets now had five girls to feed, clothe, and dower along with an entailed estate. With each child Fanny became more strident, more unreasonable, and more impossible to live with. Henry was usually able take charge and bring her into line somehow, but that was always difficult and seemed to cause a physical strain. He had married a beauty and had paid little or no attention to her intelligence. Truthfully, Henry had been raised as a traditionalist where marriage was concerned. Women had a place, but it certainly didn't involve deep and meaningfully intelligent conversation. His Elizabeth was the exception. From the beginning she had gravitated to Henry. That was probably due to Fanny's undisguised dislike, yet he did not question the reason. He might not have a son, but Elizabeth's bright little mind intrigued him. He taught her to read personally, rather than leaving it to his neglectful wife. He taught her how to figure. He introduced her to literature. They explored atlases together. He even taught her Greek and Latin for fun of it. He watched her learn and explore with fascination. It was odd though that she looked nothing like anyone in either the Bennet or Gardiner families. Henry would have thought no more about it, except that one night Fanny suddenly burst into his room, distraught and shrieking. She had remembered the incident of Elizabeth's delivery and had convinced herself that Elizabeth had been switched and that the other couple had stolen her son. After hours of exhausting assurances, Henry was able to finally convince her that two girls had been born that night and no boys. With that matter settled, Fanny had grumbled, called for Hill and her smelling salts, and returned to her bed. She forgot the incident, but Henry's sharp mind wouldn't let it go. It would be easy to think that the little girl's agile mind had come from him, but it didn't explain so many other physical features that did not match. Elizabeth was short and petite. The Bennets and Gardiners were invariably taller than the common. She had curly, dark auburn hair. Everyone on both sides of the family was either light or darker blond. She had dark brown eyes, a trait not shared by a single other family member. She had a naturally darker skin tone. The Bennets were light skinned and the Gardiners were so pale that they were almost albino. Not one of them could spend much time in the sun. As much as Henry cherished his bright little Elizabeth, the facts were hard to dispute. And so, while travelling in the Bennet coach back to Longbourn, Henry had determined to take this detour and found out that the inn had burned to the ground. It wasn't until he had unwittingly retraced Charles Bingley's own footsteps that he heard about another man had made similar inquiries. Unfortunately, the man had not left his name with anyone. Equally unfortunate, Henry Bennet also neglected that simple step. The mystery remained unsolved. Meanwhile, Henry had a whole new shipment of first edition books travelling by post to Longbourn. He had even spent a few minutes deciding on a treatise about the relatively new concept of crop rotation. He didn't know it he would ever read it, but there was always the possibility. Henry suffered a stroke two months after arriving home in the aftermath of one of Fanny's hysterical diatribes. While he recovered, he continued in a weakened condition. Mrs. Bennet had previously been difficult to live with. Now she became terrified, convinced that Henry would die at any moment, leaving her… and, oh yes, her girls… to die in the hedgerows. Geoffrey Gardiner did his best to reassure his sister, admonishing her that her histrionics would only make her husband's condition worse. She finally settled down, but she was never the same. Their already troubled relationship was not the only thing to suffer. Henry's weakened condition prevented him from spending the time on the estate that was required. Their annual income dropped to a paltry two-thousand pounds per annum as a result. Henry was also too tired to intervene in the manner he should for little Lizzy. Whenever his stress level rose too high, he became too exhausted to function. Fanny, sensing weakness, took advantage at the same time as she bemoaned her husband's health. She also found a way to blame Elizabeth for everything. By the time that Elizabeth was ten years old, all that Henry could do was to offer his beloved child sanctuary in his study or encourage her to take long rambles. Several of his other daughters were bright and lively, but Henry seldom involved himself in their lives. The burden of raising the girls now rested almost entirely on Fanny Bennet's limited intellect. oOoOOoOo Louisa waited until everyone was soundly asleep before slipping out of her room and down the stairs. She made her way to the corner room that she had set aside for her own private sitting room. She and Albert, her husband, could only take so much time spent with Caroline. This separate room was the concession that he, and secretly she, had demanded from Charles and Caroline before consenting to relocate to Netherfield Park. Of course, for sanity's sake, the couple didn't explain the real reason that they had insisted on a private relaxation area. Caroline was quick to attack anyone who even dared to cast aspersions upon her actions or attitude. Better to appease and endure. Louisa lit several candles before turning to an as yet unopened box. Once opened, she reached inside and carefully extracted the top picture, removing the linen wrap. She then walked the painting to the mantle, set it down, and stepped back. She had been almost seven when her father brought Genevieve home and introduced her as her new mother. Louisa had been skeptical at first, but soon fell in love with the effervescent woman. Louisa's own mother had been mostly uninvolved with her children. Genevieve loved children and celebrated every moment with them. Standing there and gazing at the painting, Louisa remembered when her parents had brought baby Caroline home. She remembered the odd moments when Mama had watched the child with a furrowed brow. She remembered Caroline growing, becoming more demanding, dominating every family gathering, and rebelling against her kindhearted mother. Little Louisa had tried her best to be the loving big sister, but Caroline was never easy to love and even more difficult to please. Louisa had been secretly thrilled when Papa had sent her off to school, even though the girls from more prominent families were often unkind. It was mortifying when Genevieve's health worsened and Caroline was also sent to school. She was far too young to attend, but Papa had probably paid a small fortune to pave the way. She began causing problems immediately. Many of the girls who had accepted Louisa now became standoffish and even cruel. When Mama Genevieve died, Louisa was eighteen and Caroline only ten. Louisa was overcome with grief. Caroline didn't seem to care at all. In later years Caroline, in unguarded moments, would proclaim that her mother had been a weak, uninteresting woman who never understood her and didn't deserve her. Papa was distraught. He buried himself in his work, sent his son off to Eton and then Cambridge, and left Louisa and an ever-changing string of governesses to raise Caroline. Louisa was twenty-two, Charles was eighteen, and Caroline was fourteen when Charles brought his friend Fitzwilliam Darcy home for a visit. It didn't take long for Caroline to ferret out the fact that Darcy was both rich and well-connected. From that point on, her sights were fixed on him. The only good result of this was that she finally became serious about becoming accomplished. Unfortunately, though she was successful in her external improvements, the inner meanness that characterized her most did not improve. Louisa never knew why Papa had insisted on Darcy attending his deathbed. Perhaps it was because Darcy was already a successful, landed gentleman with proven responsibility. Perhaps it was because Papa was less than impressed with Charles' malleability and desire to please. Whatever the reason, Darcy was there with Louisa and Charles when he revealed the mystery of Caroline's identity. Promises were made and surprising information was revealed. Finally, Charles Bingley, Sr. closed his eyes and breathed his last. Two years had passed since then. Charles, in typical fashion, quickly lost interest and focused on his new responsibilities. He was a kind person, but irritatingly flighty at times. Louisa worried, stressed, and prayed because that was all that she could think to do. Darcy, ever the methodical man, launched quiet investigations which yielded little or no result… until this very night. Again Louisa turned her focus on the painting of Lady Genevieve Bingley. There was no doubt in her mind that Elizabeth Bennet was the missing child and her half-sister. From the desk of LFU: First of all, thank you to everyone who has already jumped in to read, review, follow, and favorite. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it. Several notes of importance to the story: Some are pleased and others are displeased by my portrayal of Mrs. Bennet. Frankly, I've never cared for a mother who would publically or privately denigrate her own children. Second, there are proven psychological cases of women who have mothering instincts who still take a strong dislike to one of their own children; even worse if the child is not a biological child. Sadly, I knew of a case that resulted eventually in a teenage suicide. Second, I hope that this chapter has somewhat explained Mr. Bennet's lack of meaningful intervention. I often wondered if the reason for Mrs. Bennet's fear for his mortality and his own stress avoidance didn't have something to do with a health problem (fiction, I know, but still). This is now confirmed in my own case. I have been very sick for a long time and sometimes find even a little stress to be overwhelming (that is not necessarily a plea for reviewers to make nice, but still…). Third, several have made note of this kinder-gentler Darcy. There is a reason. It will be revealed in the next chapter. One important detail is that, in this reality, Wickham has not made a move on Georgianna (does anyone hear a "yet" thrown in there?). Finally, the closing of this chapter assigns an honorary to Mrs. Genevieve Bingley's name. Considering the idea that the story already explained that she was disowned deliberately, and the fact that Caroline would definitely be touting such a connection if she knew of it, you may be wondering. Please be patient. All will be revealed over time.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 4 – A Summons and a Task AN: The titles mentioned in this story are entirely fictional, though they might occasionally resemble certain historical figures and events. Cambridge – 1802 The first time that Fitwilliam Darcy met her, he was, quite frankly, petrified. There are dowagers and then, there are dowagers. Some might have lost most of their power with the passing of their husband, but not the Dowager Duchess of Argon. Even Darcy's own father and his brother-in-law, the Earl of Matlock, seemed to only discuss her in hushed tones. In his time, the deceased Duke of Argon had been known as "the King Maker." He exercised such power that other powerful people often made their decisions with regard to his wishes without him ever saying a word. He was afraid of no man, not even royalty. There was one woman, however, his wife, who he did fearfully respect. It wasn't that she was a murderess or even a harsh taskmaster. It was simply that she used her influence to guide the women of Great Britain, who then subtly guided their men. She moved through ballrooms, sitting rooms, and women's gatherings like a guiding angel; a subtle word here; a gentle, cajoling laugh there; the occasional lift of an eyebrow that made her audience flinch and quickly revise their stance on a matter. The Duke was often a force behind decisions, whether through gentle persuasion or harsh threats. The Duchess could change the entire way that the nation thought about matters without ever raising her voice. So when a sealed missive arrived at Darcy's campus apartment requesting his presence at tea on the following day, there was no question regarding his attendance. He nearly drove his valet to distraction before finally settling on the proper appearance. Truthfully, only the demanding clock forced him to reach a final decision. The day was fine, so he walked the short distance to the home where Her Grace was residing as a guest. He arrived early, but the immaculately liveried footmen announced him anyway. "Come, Fitzwilliam. I don't bite, despite the tales your father or uncle might have told you about me." She grinned impishly, "Dreadfully bad for the teeth." The Dowager Duchess was a slight woman with snow white hair and a pixie's face, yet she still somehow managed to project power. Her dark eyes sparkled with intelligence and barely concealed mirth. She couldn't be described as a classic English beauty, but Darcy suspected that she moved many a man's heart when she was younger. "Well, I can see that the Darcys still manage to produce the handsomest men in Great Britain," she raised an eyebrow with appreciation, enjoying the young man's blush. "More importantly, they also seem to have a tradition of responsible, hardworking, respectable men." Again she paused as young Darcy stood straighter. "I've watched your school career carefully. You have used your time much more wisely than most. You seem to have your father's integrity and your mother's intellect. I am impressed, which is why I have asked for you to come to see me today. But first," she signaled and a tea service was rolled into the room, "Let us enjoy a treat and a little conversation before we get down to business." As she had intended, Darcy was perfectly relaxed now, or as perfectly relaxed as a Darcy ever allowed. They enjoyed their refreshments and spoke of many things, mostly tending towards the subject that he was currently studying at Cambridge. Although not surprised, Darcy was nevertheless impressed with the scope and depth of the Duchess' knowledge. She addressed many subjects with confidence and was not afraid to admit ignorance when she did not know a subject well. It occurred to him afterwards that his Aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, was attempting to project the image that Her Grace wore so effortlessly. After the tea service was removed, the Duchess effected a slight change in posture which told Darcy that the time had come. "Fitzwilliam, what I'm about to tell you must remain between us unless and until I or my designated proxie tells you otherwise. Is that understood?" Darcy agreed. The dowager reached over to grab a face-down painting from a side-table. Darcy had noticed it, but hadn't given it too much thought. She turned it over now and extended the painting to him. A lift of his eyebrows asked a question, to which she responded, "Yes, please take it." Darcy looked at the painting in his hands and his heart seemed to beat faster. It wasn't that the young woman in the portrait was exceptionally beautiful. There was an slight lack of symmetry in her face that both distracted and intrigued. It wasn't that she was unique. There were many young ladies with somewhat similar features. It was her eyes that both captured and intrigued him. They looked somewhat familiar, "She is your… granddaughter perhaps?" "Almost correct. More specifically, Genevieve was my second son's granddaughter. This painting was completed around her eighteenth birthday." There was sadness in her eyes that explained the use of past-tense. The dowager continued, "Her mother was foolishly wed to the previous Earl Warwick." She nodded when Darcy grimaced, "Lord Hargrave was a dashing fellow who was on the prowl for a second wife during my granddaughter's first season. An inattentive chaperone and a few whispered nothings and the silly girl was lost to that pernicious rake." Though her tone was steady, Darcy could sense the anger in her spirit. "He couldn't even be bothered to come home when she went into labor. She delivered Genevieve. My granddaughter died while the merry lord was in another county betting on a boxing match." She paused, then exhaled softly, "I am ashamed to say that neither I, my husband, nor my son spared much attention for the infant. You are aware of the political climate thirty years ago and my husband's involvement?" Darcy nodded and she continued, "We were so focused on the Royals, the colonials, and quelling the political machinations of others that we forgot about the younger generation Darcy gazed at the painting again. He could see that the painter had managed to catch a glint of sadness in the girl's eyes, despite the sparkle, "And Lady Genevieve? Clearly, she lived, but how was her life?" "Not what it should have been. I don't have to tell you about the man's habits. They are legend in themselves. Genevieve was kept in near poverty and mostly ignored. Occasionally she had to hide herself away when one of Hargrave's less-than-honorable friends visited and attempted to catch her alone. Eventually, when Hargrave's financial situation became too dire, he hatched a plan. My son had refused to advance the man another shilling beyond his daughter's dowry. I suspect a part of his plan included revenge. Regardless, he arranged for Genevieve to be married off to a tradesman when she was eighteen." Darcy sat back in shock. For the daughter of an Earl and great-granddaughter of a Duke to be given in marriage to a tradesman, not even a gentleman… The dowager chuckled, "It's not as bad as it sounds, whatever that reprobate intended. The truth was, though I was incensed at the time, I later learned that her husband was… and remains, a good and honorable man. Genevieve loved him dearly. She also loved his children, which leads me finally to the purpose for your visit today, Fitzwilliam." Darcy sat up and met the elderly woman's gaze. She continued, "Genevieve had two step-children along with her own little one. There is a mystery surrounding her own child, but that is not a topic for today. The reason that I asked for your visit today was to ask for your assistance in paving the way at Cambridge for her step-son, Charles Bingley. Naturally, as a tradesman's son he cannot expect to be welcomed with open arms. Yet he is a fine young man and I'm hoping that you will take him under your wing until he finds his footing. Will you do this for me?" Darcy agreed, albeit hesitant in his mind. He didn't necessarily object to the young man's associations with trade in this circumstance. He was more concerned about his own ability to befriend a total stranger; something he had little or no experience with. He also agreed to keep the relationship, albeit ancillary, between the Dukes of Argon and the Bingleys a secret. Something itched at the back of his mind as he rose, bowed over the dowager's hand, and prepared to leave. He was almost to the door when his steps paused. After a moment's hesitation, he slowly turned back, "Your Grace?" She raised a single eyebrow regally with a glint of anticipation and amusement in her eye, "Yes, Mr. Darcy?" "You said that Lady Genevieve was the granddaughter of your second son?" "Yes, Fitzwilliam, that is what I said." "My God. That does complicate matters." "True, but that will be a matter for a later date. As I stated, there is a sad mystery wrapped around the birth of her daughter. It will be sorted. For now, all associations must be kept entirely secret. I have absolute confidence in your discretion." Darcy had never realized the depth of meaning that a single raised eyebrow could hold. He nodded, bowed again, and left her powerful presence. When the new term began, Fitzwilliam Darcy was waiting. What began as a duty quickly became what Darcy hoped would be a lifelong bond of brotherhood. Bingley's energy and enthusiasm for life was the perfect foil for Darcy's stern, taciturn approach to the world. Darcy never admitted to anyone that a beautiful woman often visited him in his dreams. This young lady looked like the painting that he had held in his hand, and yet somehow different. oOoOOoOo Netherfield Park, 1811 – Dawn Unbeknownst to Louisa Hurst, another person was prowling the darkened corridors of Netherfield that night. Darcy paced the halls of the main floor, deep in contemplation, until he finally came to rest at the small writing desk in the sitting room. Decisions made, he quickly scrolled off three letters. Even before the maids rose to begin their morning duties, two express riders departed, one riding south, the other riding north. Darcy couldn't even contemplate sleeping at this point. He strode purposely to the stables, saddled Arion himself, and rode off into the dawn. If he passed through any beautiful landscapes that morning, he didn't notice. Instead his mind's eye saw only a pair of extremely enticing eyes in the face of a pretty young woman. Will she thank me or despise me for the events that I have set into motion? There were no answers forthcoming on that morning ride.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 5 – Sisters Longbourn Estate – 1811 Elizabeth and Jane waved farewell to the Millers, one of the tenant families attached to Longbourn. Agnes Miller had only recently added another child to an already large brood, and this time it was taking longer for her to recover. The Bennet girls, at least the older three, liked Agnes and her husband. They weren't the handsomest couple, nor the most brilliant, but their love for each other and for the children gave their home a warm and welcoming feeling entirely lacking at Longbourn. This was the morning after a gathering at Lucas Lodge, and Elizabeth couldn't resist the urge to tease. "So, sister, it seems that your Mr. Bingley enjoyed the evening." Jane blushed prettily, "Oh Lizzy, he's not my Mr. Bingley." "If he is not, I believe that he soon will be," Elizabeth grinned. "He is such a good man. Kind, soft spoken…" "And handsome, which a young man should be if he can help it. I give you leave to like him. You've liked many a stupider person." Jane blushed again and laughed, then retaliated, "Mr. Darcy certainly spent a great deal of time watching you last night." She raised both brows, never having been able to raise one in the way that Lizzy could. Her tease his its mark and Elizabeth's face reddened, but then her brow furrowed, "I don't really understand the way that he looks at me. It feels as if I am some mystery to him that he has to solve." "Or the look of a lover?" "Hah! That can't be correct. First of all, his look isn't…" she struggled for the right word, "… well it doesn't seem to be… I don't know! And then there is his status and mine. He is from the first circles. He is handsome, rich, and connected. I am just a country miss and the least attractive girl in our entire family." "Lizzy! You have to know that isn't true! You are beautiful! If you weren't, then Mama wouldn't be constantly trying to steer men away from you to her other daughters," Jane, who always wanted to think the best of everyone, was chagrined to admit this about her own mother. "I don't know why Mama always says such things." Elizabeth laid a comforting hand on Jane's arm, "Don't distress yourself, dear Jane. Mama is as she always was. She blames me for not being born a boy. What can I, or you, or any of us do. With our home entailed away from the female line one of us will have to marry well. And since you are five times more beautiful than the rest of us, I am afraid that the burden will fall on you." Elizabeth smiled, though the sadness and hurt from her mother's treatment still lingered in her eyes. Jane shook her head. Elizabeth often teased her in this way, though they had both made a pact years ago. "But I should so much wish… I very much want… to marry for love." "And so you shall, only take care that you fall in love with a rich man… I think that Mr. Bingley will do quiet nicely." Jane blushed again but remained silent for a few minutes as the sisters continued their walk toward home. Then she smirked, "I did notice that you described Mr. Darcy as handsome." Lizzy grinned and gave a faraway look, "Mr. Darcy is handsome. In fact, he is so handsome that it almost hurts my eyes to look at him. Not that I intend to stop looking, mind you." Both laughed and continued their journey in companionable silence. oOoOOoOo Mary Bennet was a survivor. She entered the unwelcoming world of Longbourn without fanfare, having had the audacity to be born female. Her fate might have been the same as Lizzy's had it not been for her mother's adamant and sometimes vehement dislike for her second child. Mary might have been excused her sin entirely had she not also displayed waywardness by being born quite plain. Mrs. Fanny Bennet might have been of limited understanding at times, but in her mind the second greatest accomplishment of a female was to be beautiful. The first and greatest accomplishment was, of course, to birth sons, but she could hardly be blamed for the rebellious and uncooperative ways of her children. It was right and proper that Jane was born a girl because she was beautiful from birth and only grew in beauty with each passing year. It was only right and proper that the second child should be a boy, but she wasn't, and that was an unforgivable sin. The next three were also born girls, but for some reason they didn't engender the same disquiet that Lizzy did. Try as she might… not that she really expended much effort on the task… Fanny could not make herself like her short, odd, second daughter. Back to our original premise: Mary Bennet was a survivor. She was not her mother's favorite, but she stayed out of her notice as much as possible. She was not her father's favorite, but she still managed to secure permission to partake of his impressive library. She was not her younger sisters' favorite, but she managed to stay out of their way. Lydia especially had mastered the art of mastering her mother. She could sneak, steal, and snipe at other members of the house with impunity because she knew how to manipulate her mother. Kitty played along, mostly because she was too weak to think to do otherwise. But Mary survived by the simple expedient of being observant. She watched everything. She saw everything. Most of the time she remained silent, catalogued new insights in her mind, and adjusted as necessary to preserve her invisibility. It was such activity that occupied her this morning. She had seen much the previous evening and it had given her much to ponder. It began with a typical complaint from Lydia. The shrew had long since realized that she could act against Lizzy with relative immunity, and she often did. But unlike the other sisters, Lizzy's wardrobe was entirely useless to Lydia after she surpassed her older sister in height at only twelve years old. This meant that Lizzy's dresses, no matter how appealing, could not be of any use to Lydia. "I'm sure that blue dress would look much better on me, Lizzy! It's a shame that you're so short and scrawny!" Lydia deliberately adjusted her bosom, quite proud that hers was the most prominent in the family. "Sometimes I wonder if you're even our sister. Hmmph!" With that, she stomped away, but even though Mary had heard the words before, this evening they would come back to haunt her. At the party Sir William Lucas was his usual ebullient self, though he always seemed to be a little nervous around Mrs. Bennet. Surprisingly enough, Mr. Bennet had chosen to escape his bookroom for the night to attend the party. The two men separated from the group and joined other local landowners. Following suit, Jane and Elizabeth broke from the pack and left to seek out Charlotte Lucas. The two youngest Bennets spied several young, unattached men and they went off to flirt. Mrs. Bennet located Lady Lucas, Mrs. Phillips, and Mrs. Long and went that direction to share the latest gossip. Only Mary remained by the door when the Netherfield party entered. It was an odd thing; a brief moment when time seemed to stand still. The new arrivals stepped through the door, Sir Lucas hustled forward to greet them, and Miss Caroline Bingley frowned. Mary was looking her way and caught the woman's image in profile and… for that moment… she felt as if she was looking at her Mama, or perhaps a more mature Lydia. The moment passed, the arrivals disbursed, but for Mary reality shifted. Using her social invisibility, Mary spent the rest of the evening moving about the room, catching glimpses of Miss Bingley, hearing her voice, her speech, her snide remarks; seeing her facial expressions and mannerisms. At some point Mary also became aware of Mr. Darcy, and she realized that he was doing precisely the same thing… only with Lizzy as his point of focus. The night ended. The various groups disbursed. Mary was not overwrought by her curious observations, so she was able to sleep well. In that sleep her mind measured, considered, compared, and arrived at several seemingly inescapable conclusions. Now, the following day as Mary sat on a bench in Longbourn's garden, Mary's mind delivered its findings. An incident from long ago came back to Mary's mind. She had been woken by Mama's shrieks, not an unusual occurrence, but one that prompted Mary to throw on a robe and creep close to Papa's room where Mama was, as usual, casting aspersions about Lizzy. What was it Mama had said? Something about… Oh yes, "That other women stole my son and switched that girl for him! I know it! We need to hire runners to find them!" "Hush, dear. I can assure you that there was no boy born that night. Two girls were born. The storm passed. We went home with our girl. They went home with theirs. That was the end of it. I promise you, dear, there were no boys in the inn born that night." "But… But… Oh, Mr. Bennet, you don't know what that girl does to my nerves! Hill! Hill!" Mary pondered this a little longer and then formed a resolution. oOoOOoOo Henry Bennet sat back in his chair and stared at the volume on his desk sightlessly. Bingley… Bingley… could it be? For years he had struggled to remember the name of the other family at the inn. Was it possible? Like Mary and Mr. Darcy, Henry Bennet had been observing the crowd the previous evening. Henry loved to observe and ridicule the ridiculous, and there was always plenty of that to be had in Hertfordshire. But things had changed in a moment when the Netherfield party had arrived. He remembered well the day that he first saw Fanny Gardiner. She had been tall, stately, and beautiful, with just that touch of haughtiness that somehow appealed to him. Henry had been investigating an investment opportunity. He was attending a party of merchants, so his genteel status and his three-thousand a year held instant appeal to the tall, beautiful creature. She had been everything appealing: demure, soft-spoken, poised yet gently flirtatious. He was smitten. Mr. Gardiner was quick to support the match and Henry wasted no time in meeting Fanny at the altar. It was only later that her true nature was revealed. But even now Fanny's beauty was evident, though years of bitterness had marred her features. Miss Bingley was not anywhere near Mr. Darcy when Henry saw her, so she wasn't making any effort to conceal her disdain for this gathering. Her expression, her features, and even her manner of standing struck Henry like a hammer blow. It was perhaps fortuitous that he held a glass of brandy in his hand in that moment of realization. Cautious sips soothed racing heart until, finally and none-too-soon, Henry felt somewhat in control of his failing body. For the rest of the evening he considered both the probabilities and the difficulties of his epiphany. It was only with years of practice that he was able to keep his concerns at bay. Henry never noticed Mary's activities. He seldom did. But he did observe Mr. Darcy's attentions. He was not surprised at all when, on the following morning, the Bennet family received an invitation to dine privately with the residents of Netherfield.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 6 – Dinner at Netherfield AN: At this point in the story, Caroline has not invited Jane to visit. In fact, she despises the family so much that she is avoiding all association. Therefore she has yet to discover their ties to the Phillips or the Gardiners. That is an oversight which she will later regret. Oakham Mount at dawn Darcy pushed up with his legs and leaned forward as Arion powered up the steep incline, not even slowing until they had topped the rise of Oakham Mount. Once on top, Darcy reined in his mount and pointed the beast to face east. Magnificent! The sunrise over the cultivated landscape of fields, stone walls, hedges and groves glowed in the first rays. A mist rose on the dew-dampened fields, made more prominent where the creeks wound their way across the landscape. From this vantage point he could see Netherfield Park and what he suspected to be Longbourn. "It has always been my favorite view," a soft voice declared, startling Darcy out of his reverie. He turned to see that Elizabeth Bennet was standing not ten feet away. She didn't turn her head, determined to catch the last miracle of sunrise and slightly embarrassed for having addressed the tall man so informally. Darcy noticed that her uncovered hair was swept up and his eyes drank in her long, slender neck. There is was, just as he had seen in brief, fleeting glimpses the night before at Lucas Lodge. His eyes followed that pretty neck to appreciate her slight but firm shoulders, her back that tapered into a slender waist, her hips… He turned away to face the sunrise just quickly enough to hide his ungentlemanly perusal. No other woman had ever affected him so completely. They both watched silently for another five or so minutes, and then Elizabeth sighed. "Well then, if you will excuse me, Mr. Darcy. I should be getting home." She suddenly realized that her bonnet was in her hand. She had been outside, in this man's presence, without appropriate covering for nearly half an hour! Embarrassed, she quickly donned the bonnet and headed down the hill. "Wait!" Darcy startled himself as much as he had Miss Elizabeth. She stopped, paused, and then slowly turned. She regarded him silently with on raised eyebrow, so reminiscent of another lady that Darcy knew. Finally he found his voice, "Miss Bennet, you and your family will be joining us tonight?" She nodded, "Yes, I believe so." "There is… I mean…" He ran his hand through his hair reflexively in frustration, unaware that the young woman before him would have loved to do that for him. Again he found his voice, "Miss Elizabeth, in the next few days you will hear and discover things that may startle you. Please believe me when I say that I have only your best interests at heart." Confused and bewildered, Elizabeth met his gaze. When no more information was forthcoming, she nodded, whirled, and proceeded quickly down the hill towards Longbourn. Darcy groaned and muttered, "Idiot! Idiot! Idiot!" Then he turned Arion in the opposite direction of the hurrying figure and spurred him into a fast trot. Once the incline was passed, he galloped Arion for miles, trying to regain some control of his racing heart. On the path to Longbourn, Elizabeth placed one delicate hand over her heart. Never before had any man invoked the responses that now plagued her. Just that man's proximity was enough to unsettle her in a most frightening and yet pleasant way. She had felt his eyes on her. It had taken every ounce of her hard-learned self-control not to turn and meet his eyes. And then, when she thought herself safely on her way, he had halted her with that cryptic words. What should I make of that man? He avoids me yet stares at me. He singles me out to dance and then ignores me. He appears unexpectedly and at odd moments. Then he says something so bizarrely odd, as if somehow my very fate rests in his hands! Arrogant, difficult, insufferable man! Perhaps I should claim to be unwell this evening… but no… aargh! Elizabeth continued toward Longbourn, trying unsuccessfully to expel the image of how fine Mr. Darcy looked on that huge stallion. Netherfield Park, mid-morning The stench of trade, those evil girls at school had labelled it. It followed Caroline Bingley wherever she went and no matter how many accomplishments and connections she added to her repertoire. She hated it! Caroline had been the undisputed queen of her world until that first day at finishing school. She had been only nine at the time; almost ten. At home she knew how to make the servants, her brother, and even her sister bend to her iron will. Papa was usually off tending to business. Mama was sickly and weak. The servants didn't dare refuse her anything. Then her sickly mother became worse and Papa made the decision to ship Caroline off, as if she was the cause of her mother's poor health! Why, her mother had been sickly and sad for as long as Caroline could remember. Well, Caroline didn't mind going to school, after all, she had conquered home long ago, so it was on to bigger and better things. But nine year old Caroline quickly learned that school wouldn't be such an easy conquest. The other girls, all older, quickly labelled her as "that tradesman's whelp" and cast many other derogatory terms her way. She was insulted, ignored, and bullied daily. She begged her father to let her come home, but he ignored her pleas. She caused destruction to both school and personal property, but her father's wealth covered over all her attempts to get cast out. Finally, Caroline learned. She wasn't stupid. She watched those girls in power. She learned to flatter. She learned to manipulate. She learned how to intimidate. She stole and deliberately set up her enemies to catch the blame. She set up situations that cast others in the worst light. She used stupid girls to spread rumors, always keeping her own hands clean. By the time that Caroline was fourteen most of the girls in school knew not to mess with her. Worse still, they learned that they could not avoid her many schemes. Those who opposed her could almost always count on retribution. Even the teachers learned to fear her. There were exceptions, of course. There were girls whose families were so far above the others that it would be dangerous to touch them, like the Fitzwilliams. Caroline attempted to ingratiate herself to those girls but most of them ignored her. She knew one thing for certain: she would shed the stench of trade one day, and she would never look back. And that was when she first beheld Fitzwilliam Clarence Darcy. Her idiot brother Charles had also been sent off to school, Eton first and then Cambridge. Being the vacuous soul that he was, he imagined that Caroline actually found any pleasure from receiving an occasional splotched and blotted letter from him. She never responded and after a while she never even bothered to read his rubbish. If she had, she might have deciphered that he had made a new friend, a friend who was vastly above the Bingley family in rank and consequence. She certainly would have recognized the name that circulated regularly around her school, accompanied by sighs and giggles. So when Charles loped into their London home on holiday, accompanied by a tall young man, Caroline had to rely on her own skill at valuating potential suitors. What she discerned, even before Charles bumbled through his introductions, was that this man was a man of great wealth and consequence from the first circles. The name Fitzwilliam Darcy only served to confirm all of Caroline's suppositions. From that moment on, she had a new mission in life: she would become Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy, the next mistress of Pemberley and Darcy House. Upon returning to school, Caroline decided that she would actually pay attention to all of the lessons that her teachers were paid to provide. She devoted herself to earning accomplishments like a soldier training for battle. She learned pianoforte and harp, but without any passion. She learned painting and drawing, but without any life. She learned languages while despising the countries and their peoples. She perfected her walk, her talk, and her manners. She studied all of the latest fashions and chose the most eye-catching patterns and colors. In short, Caroline Bingley did everything she could to achieve her goal and to reach her self-appointed destiny. But the stench of trade remained, and now some country chit, whose only claim to notice was that her father was a landowner and therefore genteel, was somehow catching the attention of the man who belonged to Caroline! She would not stand for it! oOoOOoOo The first return post arrived near noon. It had travelled the farthest, so the man couldn't have rested for more than a few minutes the entire trip. Darcy paid the weary rider and headed out onto a foot path while the man went in to the servants' quarters to sleep. Once he confirmed that nobody was nearby, Darcy broke the wax seal and began reading. The note was short and to the point, but it did offer clear directions for what steps to take next. Time was of the essence. The second return post came shortly thereafter, along with the recipient of the third, early in the afternoon. "Richard! That was quicker than I'd expected." Colonel Richard Augustus Fitzwilliam dismounted, extracted a package from his saddlebags, handed his reins over to the express rider, and suddenly seized his cousin in a back-slapping bear hug. His purpose, other than affection of course, quickly became clear as he stepped back and admired the new dust coating Darcy's otherwise impeccable clothing. Darcy looked at the man with a rueful shake of his head, "You'll never grow up, Richard. They'll make you Grand Marshall and you'll still behave like a little boy." Richard threw back his head and laughed. He had none of his cousin's handsomeness or imposing height, but he did project an air of power and authority that was palpable. He also oozed charm, something that Darcy never could quite emulate. Darcy looked about before steering the shorter man back towards the same path where he had gone earlier. Richard reached into his coat and extracted another sealed letter and handed it and the package over to his cousin. "Darcy, are you sure about this. Once we set this into motion there will be no turning back. She will be the target of every fortune-hunter alive." Darcy nodded, pushing the package safely under his left arm, taking the letter and breaking the seal. "I am sure, I saw the mark myself. Though I think, considering the players involved, that we might need to employ a little subterfuge. You know something of Miss Caroline's character from your sister's reports and your own interaction with her. I want to get Miss Elizabeth as far away as possible before the whole truth is revealed." He quickly read the few lines nodded, and placed the paper safely into his pocket. Richard whistled, a habit he had learned in the Army which he knew that Darcy disliked, "Yes, I can definitely see the danger. Then again, there are other much more powerful people who will pose problems as well. Ah well, that is for future concern. So tell me about this Miss Elizabeth." Darcy did. Although he tried to deliver a clinical description, it didn't take Colonel Fitzwilliam long to realize that his cousin was already lost, even if the man didn't know it yet himself. Interesting. Fitzwilliam Darcy is smitten. We didn't think it would ever happen. "And Charles?" Richard asked as an afterthought. "Oblivious as always. Once he saw Miss Jane Bennet she became his newest 'angel' and he was lost to all sense. Louisa saw it right away in their first encounter. She sought me out privately earlier today. She is also convinced." Darcy paused, then continued, "Remember, Richard: Louisa and Charles know about the switch, but not about Genevieve's complete pedigree." Richard shook his head and grinned, "I know Darcy. I'm not exactly a cadet here. In fact, I've never understood why Her Grace chose you instead of me in the first place." Darcy actually snorted, then blushed at the sound, "She knew perfectly well what a lady's man you are, Cousin. When you see Eliz… Miss Elizabeth… and Miss Jane for that matter, you will understand why she wouldn't let you near decent women without an armed guard." Richard looked at his cousin speculatively, "And I suppose that you are immune? That the only reason that you have kept that painting so close for years is that you needed a reminder what her mother looked like?" Darcy didn't deign to answer. oOoOOoOo Caroline was already in a foul mood by the time that afternoon turned to evening. She had spent much of the day casting aspersions on the Bennet family in general and Elizabeth Bennet in particular. Her goal, of course, was to bring Mr. Darcy to his senses. But that pestilent cousin of his had arrived, uninvited, and he was driving her mad! Colonel Fitzwilliam had the audacity to point out that the Bennets might not be from the first circle, but a Bennet had held their land for many generations. In fact, their original land grant had come from William the Conqueror himself. Therefore, they were a genteel family, while the Bingley's, (no offense) were mere tradesmen. He repeated this mantra several times over the passing hours, making her temper rise, but it was when Mr. Darcy spoke up and supported his cousin's argument that Caroline finally stomped out of the room. She was so incensed that she never thought to wonder how the Colonel could possibly know so much about the Bennets, having only arrived that day. The Bennet carriage arrived only twenty minutes past the appointed hour, a miracle with six women to prepare and only two female servants. Everyone was pleased to escape the cramped confines of the carriage and Mrs. Bennet's preparatory harangue. "And make sure that you cover that ugly thing properly tonight, Miss Lizzy," the last was said in almost a sneer. It's the Devil's own mark. I saw it twice at the Lucas', even though I specifically told you to fix your hair!" She complied with her own instructions by grabbing Elizabeth roughly and tugging down the hair at the back of her daughter's neck. Mr. Bennet intervened, "That's enough, Mrs. Bennet. We don't make a spectacle of ourselves in front of all and sundry." Mrs. Bennet scowled at her husband and roughly released her most bothersome daughter. Elizabeth caught her father's eye and struggled to fight the tears that wanted to accompany the pain of her scalp. Mrs. Bennet had moved her attentions to Jane, though her touch was gentler now. Elizabeth felt a hand reach out and squeeze her own quickly. She turned to give Mary a brief smile. Then everyone was heading up the stairs. "Mr. and Mrs. Henry Bennet and family," the butler intoned with just the appropriate pomp. The four men in the room stood immediately, the ladies more languidly as was appropriate. Caroline was the hostess, but Charles superseded her, stepping forward enthusiastically to welcome each person, though his eyes seldom left Miss Bennet's lovely face. When it was clear that he had forgotten his other houseguest, Darcy stepped forward to introduce his cousin. "Mr. Bennet, Mrs. Bennet, ladies, please allow me to introduce my cousin, Colonel Fitzwilliam. Richard, this is Miss Jane Bennet, Miss Elizabeth, Miss Mary, Miss Catherine, and Miss Lydia." When Darcy used the title of "Colonel," the youngest Bennet squealed and turned flirtatious eyes on this new arrival. Their behavior would have been comical if it wasn't so inappropriate for the daughters of a gentleman. Jane, Elizabeth, and Mary colored in mortification, yet didn't dare offer correction in the presence of their mother. She saw every single man as a potential husband for her daughters and she saw no crime in doing whatever it would take to "catch" a man. She might disparage similar behavior in other mothers and daughters, but encouraged it… even demanded it from her own. Surprised as he was, Richard recovered quickly and addressed the older three young ladies who presented an entirely proper appearance. Miss Bennet was easy to identify. She was remarkably beautiful and definitely the type that Charles would fixate on. There was also no questioning the identity of Miss Elizabeth. Richard couldn't see the birthmark, but she was almost a mirror image of her mother. She even looked remarkable like her great-grandmother. The third young lady, Miss Mary, was perhaps not as beautiful as Jane, nor as distinctive and eye-catching as Elizabeth, but Richard thought that there was a certain intriguing quality about her. Richard turned his eyes and met the tired yet amused look of Mr. Bennet. Darcy had not yet been afforded enough time to take the man's measure, but locals described him as intelligent, yet indolent and severely hen-pecked. Looking at him now, Richard saw something more. The man had the look of death about him. He was definitely not well. Before more could be said, the butler stepped into the room and stated, "Dinner is served." Nobody was surprised that Caroline had chosen to place Darcy next to her. Neither Darcy nor Richard were surprised that Elizabeth was placed as far from Darcy as the numbers would allow. But Caroline did not wish to test Charles by placing Jane far away from him. As a result she had Elizabeth close to her youngest sisters, and across from the Hursts, and the elder Bennets uncomfortably close to herself. Dinner proceeded with gushing compliments from Mrs. Bennet, joking comments from Mr. Bennet, silence from Mr. Darcy, except when addressed by Mr. Bennet, and poorly disguised insults from Miss Bingley. It was a meal more conducive to indigestion that mutual society. Whatever Caroline's intentions toward her, Elizabeth found that she rather enjoyed her table conversation with Louisa, and found Mr. Hurst to both well-travelled and well informed. He tended to pay more attention to his heaping plate and his wineglass than to his surroundings, but he occasionally threw in surprisingly insightful comments. The younger sisters were close enough to Colonel Fitzwilliam to allow them to focus their attentions completely on him, though he tried to direct much of his conversation towards Miss Mary. He had repeatedly inserted an idea into Caroline's head all afternoon, just as he and Darcy had planned. The hook was baited. Now they waited for time and opportunity to catch their fish. Meanwhile, he was enjoying the exercise of drawing out the most taciturn of the Bennet sisters. Caroline had intentionally ensured that the wine was plentiful that night. As she planned, the two youngest girls showed no restraint in enjoying their cups. The pair became progressively more effusive and vulgar as the night wore on. The older girls were mortified, Mrs. Bennet was oblivious, and, surprisingly, and against Caroline's purpose, Mr. Bennet took action. Directing Lydia and Kitty to rise, he escorted the protesting girls out of the room and asked for his carriage. Mrs. Bennet began to speak up, but Mr. Bennet silenced her with a hard look. He seldom asserted himself, but she knew when to back down. What has gotten into the man tonight? She may have seen no cause for her husband's actions, and she might have preferred that her youngest girls remained in the presence of eligible men, but Fanny was nothing if not selfish. She would not allow Mr. Bennet's behavior to interfere with this fine meal nor the opportunity to push her eldest and most beautiful daughter forward. Besides, there was something about Caroline Bingley that appealed to her. Charles was too distracted by Jane to do his duty properly, so Darcy followed the retreating trio to offer assistance. Having called for the carriage, Mr. Bennet then asked for stationary. He scrawled a quick note which was handed to the coachman to pass to Mrs. Hill. They were to be put straight to bed to sleep off their inebriated state. He fought back the strain of weakness that threatened to overwhelm him, stood firm with his protesting daughters, and firmly closed the door of the carriage after them. When the carriage rolled away, Mr. Bennet turned to Darcy. Tiredly, and somewhat sadly, Mr. Bennet said, "I believe that you followed me out here for a specific reason, Mr. Darcy. Based upon what I have observed, you have noticed the same thing that I have." Darcy was startled by this abrupt address, but he nodded in affirmation. Bennet continued, "I am assuming that the good Colonel is here for a purpose as well. Whatever that purpose is, I propose that the three of us, and any other involved parties, meet tomorrow noon. I will request a private meeting room at the Golden Horse Inn. Fair enough?" "I think that will be acceptable. I suggest, however, that we wait to include those parties most directly impacted by this until after that meeting?" Mr. Bennet agreed. The two men returned to the dining room. The sexes did not separate after dinner. Several of the ladies exhibited. Bingley focused entirely on Jane. Caroline had no desire to speak to anyone. Mr. Hurst fell into an inebriated slumber. This left the burden of conversations with the other guests to Louisa, Darcy, and the Colonel. Darcy had been able to pull his cousin aside for a moment so that he could impart the information about the next day's meeting. Any plans or machinations could wait for the result of this meeting. Mr. Bennet grew increasingly weaker, so it became necessary for the Bennets to depart earlier than was usual for such a dinner. Mrs. Bennet groused. Mr. Bingley was regretful. Caroline was pleased to have the hateful evening done and over with. From the desk of LFU: I have read a lot about birthmarks in the past month. There are hereditary birthmarks, but most fade within the first five years of life. There are exceptions, some which are unpleasant clues to more serious issues. But there are also birthmarks shared by family members that are entirely benign. Such is the case in my own family. This would not be enough to prove heredity today, but there were cases during the era of this story where birthmarks were given great significance. In this story, that may or may not be enough. You'll have to wait and see (insert evil laugh here).
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 7 – Revelations, Calculations, and Connivances Netherfield Park, the same night Caroline's inability to turn Mr. Darcy's head and her irritation with Colonel Fitzwilliam, along with her failure to facilitate a truly embarrassing scene from the Bennet family resulted in a splitting headache. Louisa seemed especially solicitous, accompanying her to her room, listening to her hateful diatribe, and even ordering a sleeping draught for her. The two cousins helped Mr. Hurst to his room as well, without the additional kindnesses of course. Charles was a trifle confused as to why Darcy had specifically requested him to wait in the library, but he contented himself with thoughts of Jane while he waited for an explanation. Finally, after the two aforementioned slumberers were snoring away, Caroline discontentedly and Mr. Hurst blissfully, the others joined Charles in the Library. "The servants?" Darcy asked Louisa pointedly. "I've directed Mr. Gilbert to station himself at the far side of the sitting room. He will ensure that nobody ventures close enough to overhear." "What is all of this about," Charles demanded irritably. He hated always feeling like he was left behind in every conversation. The Colonel made one more quick check of the next room, nodded, and then took a seat. Darcy reached behind a shelf and extracted a small framed painting. He looked at it for a long moment until the Colonel cleared his throat softly. Embarrassed, he turned it in his hand and extended to Charles. Charles took the proffered artwork, examined it, and his eyebrows in surprise, "Why do you have a painting of Miss Elizabeth… wait… Good Lord!" He looked up from the painting in shock. Louisa and the Colonel chuckled. Darcy just shook his head in wonder at his friend's single-minded obliviousness. "Can this truly be possible? Does she know?" "There is almost no possibility for doubt. Miss Elizabeth does not know yet, at least I don't believe that she does. The only other person who does know is Mr. Bennet..." Darcy paused when the Colonel laughed. "What?" "Am I the only one who picked up on Miss Mary's clever little conversation with Miss Caroline?" "Explain. As you are well aware, I tried to stay as far away from Miss Bing... Caroline as circumstances would permit." Louisa blinked and then smiled, "Of course! That whole birthday question! I thought it was a little odd, but Miss Mary has always seemed a trifle odd to me." The Colonel frowned at that, but Charles interjected, "Perhaps someone could tell me about this conversation that I missed?" Louisa did the honors, "Miss Mary started talking about a book of British history that she had been reading. She talked about how many famous people were born in the month of April. Caroline preened and proudly stated that she was born on April 10th. Now that I remember it, Mary seemed satisfied with this and dropped out of any further conversation." "And Miss Elizabeth?" Darcy prompted. "She was playing pianoforte at the time," the Colonel responded. "As a matter of fact, Miss Mary didn't initiate that conversation until her mother and father were elsewhere in the room. Clever of her, what?" He was acting surprisingly smug. Darcy gave his cousin a pointed look that seemed to say "we'll talk about you and Miss Mary later," and returned to the conversation. "So then, Mr. Bennet and Miss Mary know. I am amazed that nobody has mentioned the similarities between Miss Caroline , Mrs. Bennet, and the rest of the Bennet girls. That is good though. The more people who know, the more difficult and potentially dangerous this becomes…" "Dangerous?" Charles interjected, "That seems a little overdramatic, Darcy. Why would you think any of this would be dangerous?" It was Louisa who responded again, "Charles, open your eyes! How do you think that Caroline will respond to all of this? For that matter, based upon what I have seen, that vile Mrs. Bennet hates Elizabeth already! How do you think she might respond?" Charles frowned, "I can't see that they are all that bad." He scowled at the other three who responded in snorts, coughs, and an chuckling shake of the head. "Okay, I suppose that Caroline might… Good Lord, she has spent the past week pointing out everything wrong with the Bennets…" he palmed his face, "this isn't going to go well." Darcy spoke this time, "Actually, we've been laying the groundwork for this all day." Louisa and Charles looked at the other two. She suddenly opened her eyes wider and nodded. He just continued to look befuddled. The Colonel seemed about to say something derogatory until a look from his cousin stopped him. Darcy met his friend's eyes, "All afternoon Richard has been emphasizing the fact that the Bennets are genteel while the Bingleys are still quite mired in trade." Charles frowned, "I did notice. Richard, I never thought that you held my family against me. It wasn't very… ohhh!" The other three simply sat there to allow Charles to work it out by himself. "I know how bitter Caroline is about being linked to trade, but will that truly be enough to make her accept this without a fight?" Louisa nodded, still working out the various nuances, "No… not by itself… but if she were elevated and… Elizabeth lost status…" "Exactly," the Colonel spoke up, "And that is even more important if she is led to believe that Miss Elizabeth will lose any possibility of catching Darcy!" He smirked when his cousin glared at him, but the others nodded. Even Charles had looked away from Jane long enough to see the admiring glances between Darcy and Elizabeth. "Papa made sure that Caroline's dowry belonged to her. If she knows that she still has twenty-thousand and that she will now be a gentleman's daughter... If she also believes that Elizabeth will be left without a dowry, then…" Darcy interrupted then, "Mr. Bennet spoke to me after sending his youngest home. We are to meet with him tomorrow at the Golden Horse. Mrs. Hurst, I know that you have a full stake in this, but…" She nodded, "It would not be unusual for men to meet, but my presence would raise attention. Besides, I need to keep Caroline occupied… someday you will all owe me for this." A few more details were discussed. Suggestions were made to casually reinforce the Colonel's ploy, and then everyone adjourned to bed. Only Charles slept the blissful sleep of the unimaginative. Louisa kept wondering why her father had included Mr. Darcy in this search, and what part Colonel Fitzwilliam had to play. The Golden Horse Inn, around noon The three men from Netherfield watched as a very tired looking Mr. Bennet walked into the private room. He saw there expressions on two of the men and smiled sardonically, "Yes, gentlemen, I am dying." Charles sat up straighter in his seat at this. To his credit, his first concern for was Jane. Mr. Bennet enjoyed laughing at his fellow man but he chose not to chuckle at the young man's obliviousness. "I believe that we are here to talk about my Elizabeth… and my true daughter. Am I correct?" Darcy took the lead, "Yes sir. It seems obvious that you and your wife were the other couple at the Royal Rest Inn that night?" Mr. Bennet nodded and Darcy continued, "I have brought along a painting that you should see…" He extended it and Henry Bennet gave the image a long and sad perusal. He nodded once and then handed the little painting back to Mr. Darcy. "All of the evidence is clear and indisputable. The elder Bingleys were at the inn on the same night. Both mothers delivered healthy baby girls… and somehow we each went home with the wrong child." He seemed to slump more, "Might I ask how long it took for them to realize the error?" Charles spoke up for once, "According to my father, Genevieve knew that something was wrong fairly early. It took three years to convince Father." "Genevieve… not 'Mother'?" "She was my father's second wife, though she was the only mother I remember. Unfortunately she became sick very early, I and my older sister were sent off to school very early, and we didn't get to spend much time with her… but she was a very kind and gentle woman," Charles Bingley looked sad. "And did she treat my little girl well?" Charles hesitated for long enough that Darcy stepped in, "Miss Caroline was treated well… but… how do I say this without offending…" Mr. Bennet waved that consideration off, "Now is a time for frankness, young man. Just say what you need to." Darcy grimaced, but continued, "Miss Caroline resembles Mrs. Bennet and Miss Lydia in more than appearances…" Darcy colored and Mr. Bennet chuckled. "So what you are both afraid to say is that my little girl was a difficult child. Would that sum things up nicely?" It was the Colonel who responded with a bark of laughter, "An understatement if there ever was one." Mr. Bennet nodded exhaustedly, "So then tell me, gentleman: why should I exchange my beautiful, lively, kind, and brilliant Lizzy for a copy of Fanny Bennet? What do I get out of this deal?" All three men looked shocked. Mr. Bennet had not impressed them as mercenary. Darcy finally found his voice. His expression cold, he asked, "What is it that you want, Mr. Bennet." Mr. Bennet met the younger man's eyes and held them. Despite his obvious deteriorating health, he still projected force of will. "Son, I want a promise from you, specifically." "Me?" Henry Bennet chuckled, "I am not blind, Mr. Darcy. I have seen how you look at my Elizabeth. I want a promise from you that she will always be safe and always well taken care of." The other two young men looked at Darcy. He always played his cards close, seldom admitting his feelings. Still, his interest in Miss Elizabeth had been remarked by all. Darcy never took his gaze off of Mr. Bennet, though his eyes softened now, "I promise you sir. With my life." The next quarter hour was used on strategic planning. It was decided that revealing the truth to everyone all at once was a disaster in the making. Instead they would meet with the two young ladies first and then move on from there. Once all of the details and schedule had been agreed upon, Mr. Bennet rose and excused himself. The other men watched him go and all felt sad. Charles, in a moment of surprising insight, worried, "If Caroline cooperates, it will still be difficult for both Miss Elizabeth and Ja… Miss Bennet. I know that you plan on taking Eli… my sister away from here for a while. But Caroline won't easily give way to Miss Bennet. I want to make her my wife." Both other men startled at this. Bingley was often enamored, flitting from "angel" to "angel" like a bee to flowers. Matrimony was a big step. "Bingley… you've only known Miss Bennet for a little more than a week. Surely…" "And if you knew that Elizabeth would say yes right now, what would you do? And if you knew that circumstances were going to cause major unexpected changes? Mr. Bennet said himself that he is dying. Caroline… well, I can just imagine what Caroline will do to the Bennet family." Darcy was focused on Bingley, so he didn't notice the deep, contemplatory expression on his cousin's face. "Charles… you do realize that Caroline is about to leave your family? If you marry Miss Bennet…" Mr. Bingley looked very serious as he met his friend's questioning expression, "Jane is worth it, Darcy." Longboun and Longbourn Chapel, early afternoon They had all agreed that Elizabeth should be told before Caroline. First, because Elizabeth was more rational. Second, because she would then be prepared for any repercussions. Third, because all had agreed that her removal from the Bennet home might need to happen quickly. And last, because it would afford Mr. Bennet a chance to say goodbye. On top of the shock of her true identity, he would have to add the truth of his own mortality. He had concealed his deteriorating condition for as long as he was able, setting aside every pound that he could hide from his spendthrift wife and investing with his brother-in-law, Mr. Gardiner. Time was running out. But his family's welfare was secondary at this moment. Mr. Bennet summoned his beloved Elizabeth to his bookroom through a quiet word to Mrs. Hill. Mrs. Bennet had taken her two youngest with her into Meryton for her usual visits, but both Mary and Jane remained behind. Elizabeth had been waiting. Mr. Darcy's words had haunted her all night. Added to measuring looks from Mrs. Hurst, Colonel Fitzwilliam, and even Mary, she knew instinctively that something major was about to change in her life. She also knew that her father had left for some meeting and returned deep in thought. She knocked softly on her father's door and entered after his prompt. She was surprised to see that he wore a coat and that his hat and walking stick were setting on his desk. "My dear Lizzy," Mr. Bennet regarded his dearest child sadly, "I need you to take a stroll with me. Could you please quietly gather your bonnet and shawl? I will wait for you just around the corner wall." She asked no questions. Somehow she knew that there would be answers soon. She could hear Mary practicing a new score on the pianoforte. She knew that Jane was working in the still room today. For some reason their activities were comforting. Life was following its daily routine. All was well. Except that all wasn't well and Elizabeth had no idea what this "little stroll" might entail. Huffing at her own disquiet, she tied her bonnet, donned the shawl, threw back her shoulders defiantly, and marched forward to face whatever may come. As promised, Henry Bennet was waiting for her around the corner. She took his proffered arm and quickly realized that she was supporting him rather than the reverse. Fear took her for a moment, "Papa? Are you unwell? We can return?" Mr. Bennet patted Elizabeth's delicate little hand, "No, child. We must make this short journey. A longer trip is in the offing for each of us, but for now I am well able to complete this little jaunt." Elizabeth interpreted her father's words concerning his own "journey" correctly, but forced herself to remain silent. It was clear that her Papa had a purpose here and now. She would wait for his timing. It seemed appropriate to Elizabeth when Papa led her towards the little church. What was surprising was finding three men waiting as well. "Mr. Darcy! Mr. Bingley! Colonel!" Elizabeth turned to look at her father. He patted her hand, led her to the front pew, and sat them both down. Charles and the Colonel had found stools at the front of the church. They used those now. Mr. Darcy chose to stand. Mr. Bennet began, "Lizzy… Elizabeth, you've heard the story of your unusual birth before, correct?" Elizabeth nodded to her father and then scanned from face-to-face. "You've also heard your… Mrs. Bennet proclaim loudly and cruelly that you are not her child." Elizabeth frowned, somewhat disconcerted that her father would voice such family matters in front of virtual strangers. "Yes, Papa. But…" Mr. Bennet stopped her by touching her hand, "Please let me finish, my dear child. The story is correct. I am sorry to say that Mrs. Bennet was speaking the truth, though I'm not sure she even truly understood it all. On that dreadful night at the inn there were two babies born, not one." Again Elizabeth scanned the assembled men. Her questioning gaze moved quickly from face to face and then fixed on Mr. Bingley. The pieces of the puzzle fell together. "Miss Bing… Caroline?" Everyone was impressed with her sharp mind. "That is why I don't look like my sisters! Oh, but how can that be? I don't look like you or Mrs. Hurst either, Mr. Bingley!?" Mr. Darcy handed the portrait to Mr. Bingley. He rose from his stool and stepped towards his sister, "Your mother was my… our father's second wife." He extended the picture and Elizabeth gasped. "She was the only mother I knew." Elizabeth looked up at Charles with tear-filled eyes, "Was? Mr. Bingley?" There were tears in his eyes as well when he replied, "Please call me Charles? Yes, 'was'. I am sorry to say that she became very sickly when I was but a small child. I was fourteen when she passed. She was a kind, intelligent, and gentle soul, Miss… Elizabeth." "And our…" Elizabeth struggled to say the words, looking at the only father she ever knew with trepidation. Mr. Bennet squeezed her hand, "It is fine, dear. You should know about the man whose blood flows in your veins. You will always be my child. Ask your question." Elizabeth returned his hand squeeze and turned back to Charles, "And our father? What was he like?" "Our father was a good man, hard-working, and ambitious. He could be stern, but he cared for his family well. He would have been proud of you." Elizabeth gulped back a catch in her throat before it became a sob. She looked at the portrait again, running a delicate finger over her true mother's features. Then her brow furrowed. She looked up again, "Does Mrs. Hurst know? Or Miss Bing… Oh! This is complicated!" Everyone chuckled at that. Darcy spoke up, "For now, for the sake of ease, perhaps you should remain Miss Elizabeth and she should be Miss Caroline?" Elizabeth nodded, then waited. Darcy answered her question. "Mrs. Hurst was one of the first to know. She wanted to be here for this, but was the clear choice for keeping Miss B…" he shook his head and grinned, "Miss Caroline occupied. Miss Caroline does not know. We all decided that it would be best for you to know first." She pondered this silently and everyone waited. Finally, she inhaled deeply and let it out. She addressed her father first, "Mama… Mrs. Bennet will be overjoyed to discover that I am not her daughter after all." Mr. Bennet nodded sadly. "Kitty won't care too much. Lydia… well, I would rather not guess at her behavior. Jane and Mary will not be pleased..." She turned her gaze to her newfound brother, "Miss Caroline… how will she take this?" It startled her when the Colonel answered her question, "If we have done our job well, then Miss Caroline will leap on this opportunity to change families for several reasons…" He deliberately paused to see how the young lady would respond. Elizabeth nodded, "She despises the Bennets on principal, but might be pleased to be a gentleman's daughter… even more so if it means that I will no longer enjoy that distinction. She does not like me much." Her gaze moved over to Mr. Darcy, making it clear that she understood the reason for Caroline's dislike. Blushing, she furrowed her brows, "Mr. Darcy, Colonel, why exactly are you a part of this whole discussion? I mean no offense, but I don't see the connection." Darcy and the Colonel looked at each other. The colonel nodded and strode quickly out of the hall. Everyone watched him silently when it became clear that he was checking for potential eavesdroppers. When he returned, all eyes turned to Fitzwilliam Darcy. From the desk of LFU: Okay, I'm cruel, I know it. But the chapter was getting so long and I didn't want to strain your eyes. See, I was just trying to be kind! (LFU dodges flaming arrows). I promise that another chapter will follow soon… really, I promise! And may I remind you that if I am hurt, it will be more difficult to type?
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 8 – A Second Summons A/N: A quick reminder. Although some of the historical events are real, both the characters and most of the actions are not. Even when real historical figures are mentioned, their actions are fictional. Longbourn Chapel All eyes were on Darcy as he composed himself. Finally, he began, "Only Colonel Fitzwilliam knows what I am about to tell you. He knows for two reasons: first, it is a part of our shared family history, and second, because I asked for permission to enlist his assistance. I know that he doesn't appear that bright…" the others chuckled and the Colonel shook his head, "but Richard is in Army Intelligence. At the risk of expanding his already vast self-importance, he is considered one of their most successful young officers." "Thank you, Darcy…" the Colonel interjected, "That is also something that I would prefer not to have bruited about… not the self-importance that you wish to suggest, my humble cousin, but I and my superiors would prefer that I maintain the…" he shot a baleful look at his cousin, "illusion of stupidity." Everyone nodded, Mr. Bennet smirked, and Darcy continued, "Back to my point: The information that I will now pass on is both important and potentially dangerous for Miss Elizabeth," he looked at Charles specifically to emphasize his point, and then asked, "Bingley, what did you know about your step-mother?" Charles looked thoughtful, then responded, "I believe that Genevieve was actually the daughter of a peer, but she was disowned for marrying my father." Both Mr. Bennet and Elizabeth looked surprised at this information. Darcy continued, "Lady Genevieve Bingley was the daughter of Lord Hargrave, the Earl of Warwick, and Lady Isabella Gwened." He paused when he saw Mr. Bennet sit up straighter. Elizabeth looked at both men quizzically, without understanding. Darcy nodded, "I will explain further, but first I must tell you a story within a story." Leicester – 1805 Fitzwilliam Darcy hoped to at least have time to wipe the dust of road and horse hairs off of his clothing, but it was not to be. The butler who greeted him this time was different than the one three years previous. Was that man just attached to that house or did she outlive the poor sod. The Dowager Duchess of Argon was now the oldest person that Darcy had ever met. If rumors were correct, she was eighty-nine years of age. He didn't know what to expect when he was led into her chambers, but he certainly wasn't expecting to find both his father and uncle there. He also didn't expect the Duchess to look just as well as before. Again she regarded him with one eyebrow raised in amusement. "Come in, Fitzwilliam… what a ridiculous given name, Mr. Darcy. Whatever possessed your family to start such a tradition?" Darcy smiled as his father shook his head in bemusement. "Your Grace, you might just as well twit this gentleman for his family tradition: William Fitzwilliam… now that us a ridiculous appellation to hang on a man… even an Irishman." Both Darcy's chuckled at Lord Matlock's scowl. The Duchess only smiled. Her gaze returned to the young man. "You lived up to your reputation in school, young man. Now I suppose that you're planning a grand tour or some such nonsense?" "No, your Grace. Father is sending me on a tour of all of our properties. I will be learning about the management of each." The Duchess nodded, but a look of sadness crept into her eyes and for the first time she looked her age, "That sounds hauntingly familiar, I'm sorry to note. It is ironic and germane to the purposes of our meeting today as well." She gestured for Darcy to have a seat. She was, by far the smallest person in the room but there was no question as to who was the most powerful. She wore authority like a part of her own skin. "When we met last, Fitzwilliam, I gave you a task. You have performed that task brilliantly. In fact, if I am not mistaken, you have become good friends with young Charles?" Darcy nodded. He noticed that neither his father nor Uncle Fitzwilliam seemed surprised by her words. She continued, "At that time, I also alluded to a mystery surrounding the birth of Genevieve's daughter? Good. May I assume that you have now met the young lady?" Darcy failed to conceal his expression and the Duchess chuckled, "Have no fear, Fitzwilliam. Caroline Bingley is a frightful young thing. I believe that the Earl's daughters might be acquainted with her?" This time it was the Earl of Matlock who nodded and grimaced. "Excellent. That will make this easier: Caroline Bingley is not Genevieve's daughter." Only young Darcy reacted to that statement, but he didn't look at the other two. The dowager told the story of the storm, the two expecting couples, and Lady Genevieve's claims. Darcy must have looked skeptical, so she explained, "I had my doubts as well, Fitzwilliam. But I think that you know that we have paintings spanning back for ten generations for Genevieve's entire family tree. Surpisingly, the same is somewhat true for the Bingleys. It seems that, although they have been part of the merchant class for all of their history, they were highly successful merchants. They also had paintings spanning back, though only for six generations. Caroline Bingley does not share features with anyone in any of those paintings. Trust me, we have had experts in portraiture make the comparisons. "Genevieve also clearly remembered the one time that she was able to hold her baby before exhaustion, laudanum, or both sent her back into oblivion. The little girl had a strawberry-colored birthmark on the back of her neck, at the base of her skull. Genevieve noticed it because it was the same mark on her neck… and her mother's neck… and much further back." Darcy tried to surreptitiously crane around while looking at the dowager. She stifled a chuckle, "No, Fitzwilliam, I do not have that mark. Unfortunately, Mr. Bingley chose to travel with Genevieve too soon. She caught a fever by the time they reached London and spent nearly two months bedridden and insensible. By the time she held the baby, it was too late. Worse still, Charles Bingley assumed that her insistence that she had the wrong child was a simple case of fevered imagination." After a long pause, "Fitzwilliam, do you remember the last question that you asked me in our last meeting?" Darcy pondered this for a brief moment, "Yes, Your Grace. I confirmed that Lady Genevieve was the granddaughter of you second son." "Exactly. Please elucidate. Why was that significant to you?" "As I remember it, Lord Clarence was married to Lady Isolde Tourleon, daughter to the Duke of Caerleon, niece to the Duke of Brittany?" "Continue, please." "The Tourleons are… were directly related to the Richemonts and the Burgundys, and tangentially related to the House of Orleon." He stopped and waited. "Very good, Fitzwilliam. As you know, the House of Argon came originally from Brittany. The first Duke supported William when he crossed the Channel and conquered England. Most remained in England, and our blood can be found in many of the noble houses through marriage, including the Fitzwilliams of course. But one of the sons, Armonde de 'Argon, returned to Brittany to hold our lands there, in Normandy, and elsewhere in France. With so many conflicts and shifts in power, the House of Argon lost control of most of our other foreign properties, but somehow we managed to retain our hold on the one estate that began it all. When the French line passed without a direct heir, control of that estate passed to my husband." The dowager reached for her wine glass, but saw it was empty. The Earl quickly moved to refill it for her. She took a sip. "Thank you, William. Where was I… oh yes, Geoffrey was my second son. A fine young man, adventurous and devilishly handsome," she smiled in remembrance, "He held the title of Lord Clarence, Earl of Rutland. My oldest had already taken on many of his father's duties and he had serious political ambitions even then, so Arthur chose to award the estate in Brittany to Geoffrey. There wasn't much to do in Rutland, so he wasted no time in commissioning a ship to take his across the water." The estate was in disrepair, and the French treated their workers abominably. Geoffrey immediately set to a program of improvement. He reworked the lands. He rebuilt many of the worker's homes. He replaced their antiquated tools with the most modern implements. Naturally, he had the house itself refurbished and modernized. But it was when he established a school for his people that he came to the notice of the Princess." She smiled at her audience's expressions, "Oh yes, though the French had finally merged Brittany fully into France two-hundred years ago, the noble lines of Brittany were still royal, both by history and by intermarriage with many of the royal houses of Europe. In fact, you should certainly recognize the title 'Princess of Navarre'?" When all three nodded, she smirked. "Her pedigree made the Argons look like country bumpkins." "Princess or Lady, whichever title you choose, Isolde was at heart a closet reformist. She was disgusted with the way that the lower classes, the so-called 'third estate,' were treated in France. She told me once, many years before the Great Travesty, that the actions of French Royalty and Nobility would someday come back to haunt them… insightful, wasn't she? So one day when Geoffrey was observing the progress of his serfs' children in their lessons, a beautiful young woman rode into the courtyard. Genevieve looked much like her, as I recall." "She had an entourage following her, naturally, but Geoffrey only saw her. Before she ever spoke a word, he was smitten." The Duchess became lost for a few minutes in silent reverie. Nobody dared to interrupt her musings. Then, as if she had never paused, she continued, "It took some work for Geoffrey to convince her father. I believe that he had planned to sell her off to some royal or other. But my husband was at the height of his power at that time. After a few letters, even that fop Louis spoke up in Geoffrey's favor." Her hands shook slightly as she took another drink, "Geoffrey and Isolde were ridiculously happy, and I loved my new daughter. Together they greatly improved all of their holdings, but they called Brittany home. As I said, Isolde was very far-thinking. Even though they worked together to improve the lives of those who depended upon them directly, she still saw the rot that was overtaking France. By agreement, they sent most of their wealth over to England. Still, they spent a great amount on various charitable efforts. Unfortunately, it was never enough, not when their peers were working so hard to dig their own graves. "Little Isobelle was born during one of their visits to the Rutland estate. Lady Isolde took quite a while to recover and they remained in England for Isobelle's first nine years. Geoffrey and Isolde decided to take another trip back to Brittany, but some instinct on Isolde's part made her decide to leave Isobelle with family here. "They were alarmed when they reached Brittany. The man whom they had left in charge had been embezzling from them. Worse still, in their minds, he had undone or destroyed most of the reforms that they had implemented. Now, if a man lives under oppression for his entire life, he may not seek to change it; it is all that he knows. But if you show him a better way and then yank it away again, he will most certainly rebel. There were young-bloods in Brittany at the time who did not have any personal attachment to Geoffrey and Isolde. They only knew the bitterness of helplessness as those in power played games with their lives. Before my children could restore all of their fine work, those young-bloods attacked. Geoffrey was off meeting with another family when it happened. By the time he heard the news his home was burned to the ground and his beautiful, kind-hearted Isolde was dead." Tears ran down her cheeks as the Duchess looked off into nowhere. Again the men waited. Again she returned to her narrative, "Geoffrey left Brittany that day and he did not return for many years. Fitzwilliam, I don't know how much your father has told you, but these two accompanied my son for over twenty trips to France in the height of the Great Travesty. They rescued hundreds of the nobility before it became impossible. So many murders. If it were only those who committed the oppressions, it might have been justified. But so many innocents were caught up in the bloodbath. "Geoffrey worked tirelessly, but I fear it broke his heart all over again. After such a period of frenetic activity, he retired to Rutland and seldom left his estate until his death. And in the middle of all of this, little Lady Isobelle came of age. He engaged the wife of a trusted friend to escort her through the battlefield that is the Ton. Instead, the lady took a seat on the sidelines and was too busy gossiping to notice when poor Isobelle was maneuvered into a compromising situation by that scapegrace Hargrave. It was done so well that Geoffrey had no choice but to approve the marriage. Later investigation revealed that Geoffrey's 'trusted friend' owed a vast amount in debts of honor… and Hargrave owned those debts. But Geoffrey did manage to conceal Isobelle's true monetary worth. Hargrave got the dowry he sought, but he never knew that it was only one-twentieth of her true estate. That fund remains today, and it grows year by year." The Duchess took another sip and then raised one eyebrow, "Which now brings us back to the question of Miss Caroline Bingley's true identity… and how we can possibly find and identify the true heir of Geoffrey and Isolde. Thomas," she called out. A footman stepped away from the place where he was standing, retrieved a painting, and brought it to Her Grace. "Fitzwilliam, you have already seen this picture. I want you to keep it now." Darcy remembered the painting very well. In fact, he sometimes wished that he could forget the image. Of course, he didn't say any of this. Almost as if she read his mind, the great lady smirked slightly. Then she motioned for Thomas again and he retrieved another painting. The Duchess held this smaller painting without sharing it, and continued her story, "I told you that the girl-child shared a birthmark with Genevieve. That birthmark also appeared on the necks of Isobelle, Isolde, and many other of their line. In fact, it was first noted on Arthur III, the Duke of Brittany in the fourteenth century. That mark was seen since that time on dukes, duchesses, and even on a certain princess." The Duchess turned the painting around and passed it to Fitzwilliam. It was a stunning painting, clearly the work of a master painter. Instead of the traditional face-front pose, the noble lady in the foreground was performing a curtsy in preparation for a dance with a person who was clearly the King of France, Louise the XIII. Prominent on the neck of the woman was a strawberry colored birthmark in the shape of a dove. "So many of the family line bore that mark, and so prominent was the family, that for many generations Isolde's family created hairstyles which proudly displayed it. Fitzwilliam, when you find my missing great-granddaughter, she will bear the Dove of Brittany, of that I am assured." Longbourn Chapel – 1811 Elizabeth self-consciously reached back and touched the mark on her neck which her "mother" had so often disparaged. Her sharp mind had absorbed all of the details of Darcy's story and one disparity stood out, "You never explained why both your father and uncle were there at the meeting." Darcy and the Colonel looked at the young lady in amazement. Darcy had just informed her that she was not only highly connected, possibly even royal, but also enormously rich, and all she was worried about was a missing detail in the story. You are truly unique, Lady Elizabeth. Darcy must have gazed at her too long, because she raised one eyebrow and said, "Mr. Darcy?" He shook himself slightly before answering, ignoring the chuckles from the other men, "Lady Elizabeth, the search for you isn't a new idea. My father and uncle were conducting the search for years. I didn't know it at the time, but my father was very sick and getting worse, so the task was passed on to me." "I'm very sorry about your father," Elizabeth said. All eyes drifted to Mr. Bennet. Mr. Bennet sighed, "Elizabeth, I am so very sorry to tell you like this, but my time is very short." He felt pain at the tears running down his beloved daughter's cheeks. Even though he knew that she wasn't his by blood, he had always cherished her. "So, in a way, your being found is an act of providence. God gave you to me for a brief time and now he is making sure that you are well taken care of. I can hardly imagine the adventures that are in your future." "But what about Jane and Mary? Even Kitty and Lydia? What will happen to them?" It was evidence of Elizabeth's true character that her biggest concern was for girls who she now knew to be unrelated. I doubt that Caroline will care in the slightest, for her former brother and sister or for her newfound ones, Darcy thought to himself. "Actually, Mr. Bennet…" Bingley stepped forward. Henry Bennet nodded sadly, "So, now I'm to lose another daughter?" Bingley nodded hopefully. "Young man, normally I would require a long courtship. As it is, I would like you to wait at least a month for the wedding." Bingley's face erupted in a huge smile. "Of course, Mr. Bingley, you might wish to ask the poor girl first?" Bingley looked surprised, then determined as he almost ran out of the chapel. Elizabeth watched him depart with wide eyes. Well, at least one sister is secure… Her thoughts returned to Darcy's story, "I wish that I could have met the Duchess." "You still can," Darcy and the Colonel answered at the same time. Darcy furnished, "She is still alive, Lady Elizabeth. As a matter of fact, I sent an express to the Duchess on the morning after the assembly. We've been summoned to Leicester." Elizabeth felt overwhelmed at the rapidity of changes taking place. She turned to Mr. Bennet, "Papa?" "We…," he indicated the two young men, "spoke earlier today, Lizzy. We all agree that it would be better if you weren't here when Caroline and your… and Mrs. Bennet are told. You are going to take a trip. I will send Sally with you as an escort…" "Actually, Sir," the Colonel interrupted, "I thought that maybe one of Lady Elizabeth's sisters might be better. Obviously Miss Bennet will be needed here. Mrs. Hurst will need to help Charles deal with Miss Caroline… so perhaps Miss Mary could…?" Mr. Bennet looked at the Colonel for a long time before replying, "Mr. Darcy, perhaps you could take Elizabeth for a stroll? I believe that the Colonel and I need to speak." From the desk of LFU: Don't worry, I'm not suddenly solving the world's problems in a single chapter. Charles and Jane may have a whirlwind romance and marriage, but the Colonel is still the son of an Earl. He will have to be more circumspect, whether he wishes to or not. Nevertheless, Mary will travel with Elizabeth and will have her own adventure. How the Colonel fits in we will have to just wait and see. Okay, I am tired now. As I wrote above, the characters and actions are entirely fictional, though they may seem like certain true stories from that time. There were several men, noble and common alike, who made herculean efforts to save as many as they could. There were also many innocent men, women, and children caught in the bloodbath. Anyway, hope that you continue to enjoy my story. Coming soon, Mr. Darcy takes a detour to retrieve his sister from her beach vacation a little early… sound somewhat familiar?
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 9 – The Reveal A/N: I must apologize for causing confusion with the timing of events. The murder of Isolde took place in 1765, long before the French Revolution. There was great unrest throughout France, but Brittany was worse for two reasons: 1) They had formerly been independent and were gradually absorbed by France, which many resented. 2) Although now French territory, even the French peasants regarded the Bretons as less-than-equal. There was great generational hatred based upon centuries of conflict. This hatred occasionally erupted into violence. Another quick note: Although in the previous chapter the flashback only related the second meeting, Mr. Darcy actually told Genevieve's story as well… also, he never made mention of his first task, not wanting Mr. Bingley to know the real reason that he first approached the younger man. Longbourn Chapel and a secluded trail behind it, the same day At Mr. Bennet's request, Darcy nodded and then looked at Elizabeth with a question in his eyes. She appeared uncertain, but when he offered his arm, she took it. The pair walked out of the chapel, leaving Mr. Bennet and the Colonel inside. Elizabeth glanced back for a moment, but did not resist when Mr. Darcy led her out into the sun. They stood there for a moment until Elizabeth raised a quizzical eyebrow. Darcy smiled, "You now this area, Lady Elizabeth. I do not. Therefore it falls on you to steer our course." Elizabeth nodded in thought. Heading toward Longbourn wouldn't be desirable. If her moth… if Mrs. Bennet saw her being escorted by the area's most eligible bachelor, she would throw a fit. Then again, if they walked down the road in the other direction, toward Meryton, they might encounter some portion of her family or some other nosy neighbor. "Perhaps… there is a trail behind this chapel which is quite scenic?" Darcy bowed gallantly, "As you wish, my Lady," again he offered his arm and Elizabeth hesitantly took it. They walked in silence for perhaps five minutes before Elizabeth finally asked, "Why are you addressing me as 'Lady Elizabeth'? It is my understanding that Genevieve was entitled to the honor because her father was an earl. When she married the elder Mr. Bingley, she might have a right to the title, even though her father disowned her, but I certainly do not." Darcy nodded, "You would be correct as pertains to Lord Hargrave, although he did not legally disown his daughter when he manipulated the pair, you would still not be entitled to the title of 'Lady Elizabeth'. Such was the case with my own mother when she married my non-noble father. She was addressed as Lady Anne, but neither I nor my sister Georgianna are entitled to that honor." "And so…?" Mr. Darcy exhaled a deep breath before answering, "I had hoped that you would be willing to wait until our trip to Leicester. Then again, I suppose it is my own fault for addressing you as such." Elizabeth waited, but her expression made it clear that she desired and expected an answer. "Very well. As my story earlier demonstrated, you are the child of Lady Genevieve, the grandchild of Lady Isobelle, and the great-grandchild of Geoffrey, Lord Clarence, the Earl of Rutland and Lady Isolde Tourleon." He paused to ensure that Elizabeth understood all of that. She nodded and continued to meet his gaze. "The Earldom is patrilineal; when Geoffry died without a male heir, it passed back into the family and is now held by one of the current Duke's sons. The same was true for the Earldom of Warwick. It is now held by a much better man than your grandfather… I mean no offense…" "I take no offense. For any man to prey on a young lady of sixteen, just as she was introduced to society… it is disgusting and vile. I take no pleasure in discovering a relationship to such a man. Enoug said about him. Now, you've just established that the Dukedom of Argon has also passed on to a qualified heir, so I remain unconvinced that I am qualified for your formal address. So pray, continue." "That leads us back to the story of Brittany. What do you know about the peerages in France after their so-called revolution?" "I know that the assembly declared all patents of nobility void and seized all associated properties." "Precisely," Darcy looked at Elizabeth with growing respect, "I could probably list on two hands the number of young ladies who know even a portion of what you know about such matters." Elizabeth blushed, "Papa… Mr. Bennet allowed me to spend much of my time in his bookroom. He also took on my education when it became clear that Mrs. Bennet intended to neglect it." Darcy reached his free hand over and covered the delicate hand which rested on his arm, "Lady Elizabeth, Brittany was once wholly independent. The Dukes of that territory were the equivalent of minor royalty: Kings or Grand-Dukes. At one time they were allied with England. By the end of the Mad War, they were allied with France, yet they continued to be viewed as an independent territory until very recently… well, at least by historical standards." Elizabeth nodded. "What you probably did not know was that the Dukedoms of Brittany and Caerleon were not only recognized in both England and France, but also patented in both countries. In effect, although the new government of France might have abolished their patents of nobility, that does not apply here." Elizabeth halted her steps and stared up at her taller companion in frozen shock, "And… this means…?" "To the best of our knowledge, the heirs to the Dukedom of Brittany were wiped out to a person... actually… but that is not immediately relevant. What is relevant is that the Dukedom of Caerleon was not wiped out… and the line of succession for that noble house is both patrilineal and matrilineal… In other words, Lady Elizabeth, if we prove your identity, then you either are a duchess, or, at very minimum, your firstborn son will be the next Duke of Caerleon." Elizabeth spied a nearby stump and quickly moved there to take a seat. She felt like she might be ill. Longbourn, mid-afternoon Every corner of Longbourn Manor echoed with cacophony of joyful shrieks and screeches when Mr. Bennet and Elizabeth returned home. Thankfully she was so busy celebrating the engagement of her dearest Jane to Mr. Bingley that she hadn't even been aware that either her husband or her most despised daughter were absent. One might have wondered why she never questioned the fact that Mr. Bingley hadn't stepped into Mr. Bennet's book room to seek permission, but in Mrs. Bennet's world her husband was little more than an afterthought these days. Besides, he wouldn't dare to refuse the match. We will leave the Bennets for now in favor of a quick peek at the activities of the Netherfield party, less one prospective groom. As you may have noticed, we have skipped over some important interactions from the previous narrative. Much will be revealed later in this story, but one key piece of information should be explained before proceeding: When Mr. Bennet and Colonel Fitzwilliam completed a very personal and pointed discussion, the Colonel went on to describe their plan for enlightening Caroline. Mr. Bennet expressed certain doubts and then offered an alternative plan. The Colonel, a highly experienced military intelligence operative, perceived that, though Mr. Bennet's body might be failing, his mind remained impressively sharp and agile. So then, on with our story. Netherfield Park, late afternoon Louisa's personal maid, Millicent, was stationed by the library door, watching for the signal from Mr. Darcy's valet, Trenton. Said individual watched as Caroline walked from the music room toward the sitting room and the library, in search of the rest of the residents. Trenton nodded to Millicent. Millicent knocked once on the partially opened library door and then walked swiftly away. She had just passed out of the room through another door when Caroline stepped in. She scanned the sitting room in irritated frustration, and was just preparing to stomp toward the library when she heard the raised voices. Something about the tone of the voices made her walk softly and swiftly until she could overhear properly. It was the Colonel's irritated voice that she heard first. "So what you're telling me that you allowed me to twit Caroline repeatedly about the difference between gentleman's daughters and merchant's daughters, and all of this time she is the gentleman's daughter!?" Caroline gasped, but quickly covered her mouth and leaned forward to hear more. Louisa spoke next, "We didn't know for sure, Colonel. Papa told us that Caroline wasn't our sister, that there had been an accidental switch, but he never knew what happened to our real sister." Caroline almost stepped into the library to demand an explanation, but chose to gather more information first. Darcy spoke next, "As I've explained, Richard, Charles' father asked me on his deathbed to help in the search. Honestly it wasn't until we arrived here in Hertfordshire that I saw any credibility to the story. Then both Louisa and I saw the resemblance to Mr. Bingley's second wife and… well… we had to conduct a thorough investigation before it was safe to say anything more!" "So what happens to Miss Caroline's dowry?" Caroline's expression turned fierce at this, but Louisa's answer calmed her immediately. "Papa still considered Caroline to be a part of our family. His will was indisputable. Caroline's dowry is hers and hers alone." "So what you're saying is that Caroline gets elevated to the status of a gentleman's daughter and she has a dowry of twenty-thousand pounds!? Do you realize what this will do to her standing in London ballrooms?" Caroline felt a thrill at this idea, but she was shocked at the Colonel's next question, "And where does that leave Miss Elizabeth?" Suddenly the pieces all fit together! SHE was the Bennet's daughter and that hateful mushroom Elizabeth was a Bingley… Caroline might have protested this idea, but Mr. Darcy's next words changed her mind. In a cold, hard voice, Mr. Darcy answered, "What about Miss Elizabeth? The simple fact is that she is no longer… actually, she never was a gentleman's daughter. And based upon the will, Miss Caroline gets the dowry regardless of what happens. Miss Elizabeth decreased and Miss Caroline increases. It is just the way that the world works." Caroline's feline grin could have made milk curdle. Longbourn, evening Mrs. Bennet had harassed and cajoled servants and her daughters until Longbourn was ready for guests. The cook had been near quitting her post by the time that dear Jane had gently led her mother out of the kitchen so that the beleaguered woman and her assistant could accomplish the five-course meal being demanded. With everyone set to a task, Mrs. Bennet had then demanded the carriage so that she could parade Jane and Mr. Bingley around the neighborhood to announce their betrothal. Elizabeth used this period of absence to pack a trunk for travelling. Mr. Bennet had summoned Mary to his bookroom for a private conference. When she walked out she ignored her younger sisters' demanding questions and headed quickly up the stairs. As soon as she located Elizabeth she closed the door and threw herself into the shorter girl's arms. Elizabeth ignored her own tears to comfort her younger sister, "It will be fine, Mary." "No it won't, Lizzy! I don't want to lose you and I certainly don't want to replace you with… with…" "I know. But did Papa explain that you will be going with me? I feel sorrier for Jane, Kitty, and Lydia." "Yes, but he said that the details would have to wait. Lizzy, you have to know how Mama is going to treat you once she knows… it will be horrible!" Elizabeth was deeply touched by Mary's deep concern for her. "She has never loved me, or even liked me, Mary. I expect that it will be bad, but we will get through it. All is in God's hands now." Mrs. Bennet was so pleased with Jane that she scarcely spared a minute to snipe at Elizabeth. When the Netherfield party arrived she was everything gracious and genteel. Only Mr. Bennet, Mary, and Elizabeth noticed that Miss Bingley seemed almost on-edge with gleeful anticipation. In fact, she even spoke kindly to Elizabeth, though in a measuring and condescending manner. With the arrival of dessert, Mr. Bennet stood and all eyes fixed on the head of the table, "Thank you, everyone. First of all, I would like to thank all of our guests for gracing us with your presence tonight. Next, I would like to make an announcement: It gives me great pleasure to inform you that Mr. Bingley has requested our Jane's hand in marriage, and she has accepted." Caroline was the only person who looked shocked at this, but after a moment of contemplation she could see the value in this relationship. With her influence in both the Bennet and Bingley home she could ensure that Miss Elizabeth was put in her proper place and never allowed to climb out of it. Kitty was sitting next to Caroline and she shivered at a sudden chill. Before Mrs. Bennet could begin proclaiming her joy to one and all, Mr. Bennet raised a supplicating hand, "Please, before we move on, I wish to make one more announcement." Mrs. Bennet scowled in confusion, Caroline glowed with anticipation, everyone else simply looked on and waited. If there was trepidation, satisfaction, or anticipation from the others, they hid it well. "First of all, my dear Mrs. Bennet, I must apologize. Twenty years ago, you told me your concerns, but I did not believe you. For that I am dreadfully sorry." Again, Mrs. Bennet looked confused. In fact, while trying to decipher her husband's meaning her mouth opened and closed repeatedly, like a fish. Mr. Bennet continued, "Most of my family knows the story of when Mrs. Bennet and I were caught in a storm while travelling." Mrs. Bennet closed her mouth and sat at attention at this reminder. "She gave birth to our second daughter that night at an inn… Elizabeth… Miss Bingley… I must apologize to both of you as well for what I am about to reveal." Now Mrs. Bennet looked down the table to look at Caroline in consternation, which began to turn into realization. "But there is more to the story. You see, there was another couple at the inn that night, and another baby girl was born." Mrs. Bennet was looking only at Caroline now. Caroline was smirking gleefully at Elizabeth. Neither lady noticed the other people around the table. "The storm ended the next day and we completed our journey. Mrs. Bennet, you told me repeatedly that Elizabeth couldn't be our daughter, but I didn't believe you." In fact, she complained about Elizabeth being a girl, but Mr. Bennet knew that Fanny would accept his version, since it made her seem more insightful. "But you were right, my dear. The other couple at the inn that night was Mr. and Mrs. Bingley… and Miss Caroline is, in fact, your true daughter." Fanny Bennet fainted. Jane, Kitty, and Lydia exclaimed in surprise. The others manifested expressions of shock. And Caroline Bennet smiled triumphantly and hatefully over at Elizabeth Bingley.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 10 – Pandora's Playground Urgent A/N: This is an urgent call for help: I need to correspond with someone who knows Great Britain well and would have at least a rudimentary knowledge of England around 1811, specifically geography and roads. My own research of the available maps is not yielding the answers required and could result in a total plot failure. Please PM me if you can help (warning, it will result in spoilers for you, but I will also give you credit for your assistance. Another quick note: To clarify: Elizabeth is not a direct heir for the Dukedom of Argon. That passed down the line of the dowager duchess' firstborn son. She is the direct heir for the Dukedom of Caerleon. Further details for that will follow as the story progresses. Netherfield Park, late evening The Darcy and Bingley carriages came to a halt in front of the entrance to Netherfield in the chilly dark of a cloudless night. A very exhausted group exited the two conveyances and proceeded up the stairs. There was a great variety of moods that evening, not all of which were concealed behind bland expressions. Mr. Hurst was surprisingly alert and sober. He had been completely in the dark about Caroline's true identity and the machinations leading up to tonight's fateful dinner. He was not a stupid man and he had not always been a drunk. In truth, when he married Louis he had felt an honest infatuation for her, not just for the contribution that her dowry had made to his dwindling family coffers. Then he met Caroline and discovered how much of a part of their lives that Caroline would be. Now there was an end in sight and he was quite overjoyed. He was intelligent enough to sense that there was a lot going on in the shadows, but he was content to sit back and watch. Louisa Hurst was nervous. She had lived with Caroline for twenty years, barring the blessed relief that her first years at finishing school had afforded her. Mr. Darcy and the Colonel's ploy, as modified by Mr. Bennet, had worked beautifully. Caroline had practically leapt on the story, her effusiveness and excitement over becoming a Bennet completely in contrast with all of her previous derision for the family. Of course all of her evening's perorations were aimed at emphasizing her perceived elevation in contrast to Elizabeth's precipitate decline… at some point Caroline would get past her euphoria and begin to look more closely. Elizabeth, the Colonel, and even Mr. Darcy would be gone, leaving Louisa and Charles to bear the repercussions themselves. The Colonel was pleased, not only with the success of a hand well-played, but with the fact that Miss Mary would be accompanying them north. Though he had only just met her, he was intrigued by her sharp, perceptive mind and her care for her sister. She might not be the most beautiful of the Bennet sisters, but by herself she certainly stood out from the crowd. Besides, there was just something that appealed strongly to Richard. Charles was off in his own little world. His mind was only on his "angel" Jane. While he was aware of the sudden change in reality that the dinner announcement entailed for all and sundry, his only concern was for how it would impact his beautiful Jane. Caroline was floating. As soon as the passengers disembarked from the two carriages, she had moved over to and seized Mr. Darcy's arm. With her new status as a gentleman's daughter she knew that it was only a matter of time before she was further elevated to becoming Mrs. Darcy, Mistress of Pemberley. Until then she would put up with the effusiveness of Mrs. Bennet and the ridiculousness of the rest of the family. Jane was a dear sweet girl, if a trifle blank like Charles. She had contemplated Jane's attachment to Charles from all angles. True, it would mean that she (Caroline) wouldn't be completely shed of the Bingley family or their ties to trade, but there were benefits: The Bingleys had wealth. Caroline's continued relationship with the family through Jane would allow her to continue to make use of the available funds… Charles was such a puppy and Jane was little better. They would be so easy to manipulate. Besides, Caroline couldn't deny that Jane was the most beautiful. By marrying her off to a tradesman's son Caroline could ensure that the chit would be excluded from the first circles of London society. Caroline could move alone and with impunity among the best of the best without her sister's competition! Mr. Darcy was troubled. At some point during the evening he had observed the two youngest Bennet daughters and their childish behaviors. It made him think about Georgianna. True, she was as different from those two girls as night and day, but still she was full young to be off on her own. It was a niggling thing, an irritating itch in Darcy's mind… but he suddenly felt uncomfortable having his little sister so far away in the company of strangers. Perhaps a detour to Ramsgate was in order before heading to Leicester? oOoOOoOo Unable to come to rest, Caroline flitted around her room painting dreams of her future. Why, with such a notable rise in her circumstances and the surety of her pending marriage, the whole Ton would have to take note of her. If she played her cards right maybe she could even take her rightful place as a patron of Almacks! Some of those old birds needed to be plucked and retired anyway. It was time for new and vigorous blood to steer the course of the first circle into the future. All that was wanting was a title, but with the Darcy wealth it would be nothing to purchase the patent. Lady Caroline Darcy, leader of the Ton. That is as it should be. Caroline opened her writing desk, extracted her finest stationary, mended her pen, and began writing. It was nearly dawn when she completed the last missive to her satisfaction and sealed it. Not wishing to brook interference from her former brother, she rang for her maid and gave specific instructions to the exhausted young girl. Then Caroline Bennet finally rested her weary head on her pillow and drifted off to a blissful sleep. Oakham Mount, dawn Elizabeth watched the sunrise paint the eastern sky over Longbourn for perhaps the last time and sighed. The evening had been just as awful as predicted. Once Mrs. Bennet was woken from her faint with smelling salts she had effusively praised her long-lost daughter Caroline for her style, her grace, and her many accomplishments. In contrast she had shot baleful glares at Elizabeth, repeatedly implying that "the imposter" had been stealing her beautiful daughter's rightful place for twenty years. It had been hurtful to Elizabeth even though she had never known Fanny Bennet's love and she had been expecting the older woman's reactions. Mrs. Bennet had been all for packing Elizabeth up immediately and casting her out, but Mr. Bennet, Jane, Mary, and the other men intervened. All worked together to convince her that it would be better to wait until the following day to make any alterations. It was already dark and the night cold, certainly much too late for such activities. Caroline had watched the entire proceedings with a gleeful smirk on her face. She made sure to take every opportunity to throw barbs at the displaced Elizabeth. Jane was both confused and concerned. It was in her nature to think the best of everyone and it hurt her soul to admit when she saw meanness and pettiness. She had long since recognized certain undesirable traits in her mother where Elizabeth was concerned, but she had wanted to like Caroline. She also had a selfless, empathetic soul and she could feel Elizabeth's pain. On more than one occasion she tried to commiserate with the woman she had called "sister" for twenty years, but Fanny deliberately kept "her girls" away from "the imposter." Lydia was as horrible as her mother, though she contented herself with cruel jokes and snorts at Elizabeth's expense. Kitty was much more circumspect. The invisible child, she had tied her line to Lydia for years as the only way to claim any notice at all from her parents. She wasn't unintelligent nor was she blind to reality. Elizabeth had always treated her kindly, albeit with exasperation for Kitty's childish behaviors and refusal to make her own decisions. Kitty had spent the occasional late night crying on her diminutive sister's shoulder over Lydia's petty cruelties. Trading Elizabeth for Caroline was not an appealing prospect. Mary, who had only ever been significant to her mother for not being Elizabeth, had more success in stealing moments with the beleaguered girl. Charles, Mr. Darcy, and the Colonel had deliberately stayed out of the fray, as per prior agreement. They did not want to give Caroline any reason to reevaluate her current euphoria. The longer it took for her to see the truth, the better. Fanny Bennet might have continued her behavior late into the night, but Mr. Bennet had slipped something into her drink and exhaustion eventually sent her to bed. With only a perfunctory exchange with Caroline, he sent the Netherfield party off to their own residence. Once the two youngest were sent off to bed, Jane joined Mary in Elizabeth's room. The three talked late into the night, with Elizabeth comforting a tearful Jane rather than the reverse. It took both Elizabeth and Mary's persuasion to ensure Jane that Elizabeth would be well. They told her about the trip in the offing, but neglected the more amazing details. It hurt Elizabeth to do this, but Mr. Bennet had expressed concerns about either Jane or Mr. Bingley saying too much too soon. He wanted Elizabeth well away before any word of her true pedigree reached baleful ears. Jane was hurt at first to find that Mary would accompany Elizabeth while she was to be left behind, but a reminder of her engagement quelled her distress. "Charles won't want you so far away and Mama would never allow it," Mary explained, "I don't matter much, so she shouldn't object too long." "And is the Colonel going along on this journey?" Jane teased, thereby demonstrating that she wasn't as oblivious as some might think. Mary blushed and nodded. Soon after that Jane retired to her bed and Mary returned to her room to continue her packing. Mr. Hill and John the footman collected the trunks at pre-dawn. Elizabeth grabbed her bonnet and shawl for one more morning ramble. Now Elizabeth watched as the sunrise colors faded sky turned a solid blue. She expelled one more deep sigh and thought, It is time. Elizabeth stepped into her home of twenty years and was shocked to see that it was a hive of activity. Mr. and Mrs. Hill were scurrying to Mrs. Bennet's dulcet shrieks; Sally the maid and John the footman were carrying furniture and small items. And Mr. Bennet and the girls were seated in the morning room eating breakfast. Lydia scowled at Elizabeth, "Lizzy, you sneak. You already packed your things? How do I know that you don't have something of mine hidden away!?" "Lydia," Mr. Bennet barked, "That is enough! Now you've eaten your meal, so now you can go to your room." Lydia pushed back her chair in anger and stomped away. Elizabeth met Mr. Bennet's eyes, "I take it that Lydia woke up early to sort through my things?" Mr. Bennet nodded. Jane, Mary, and Kitty looked sheepish. It was Mr. Bennet who spoke, "Yes, and Mrs. Bennet woke up early to redecorate Caroline's room." Kitty started crying and fled the room. Elizabeth tried not to let the hurt show about her former mother's actions. She asked, "Does… Ma… Mrs. Bennet know about the trip, and about Mary?" Nodding, Mr. Bennet smirked, "She believes that you are being sent to live with a spinster Bingley aunt in Shropshire. She threw a fit at the idea of even sending Sally as an escort until I mentioned that the Colonel would be travelling that direction as well and had offered to ride alongside the coach for protection. Then she tried to send Lydia instead. I told her that the Colonel had indicated an interest in Mary and she finally relented." Mary blushed bright red, but couldn't entirely conceal a smile. Mrs. Hill stepped in to inform them that the hired coach had arrived and that it was loaded and ready to depart. Jane hugged Mary and Elizabeth tearfully, demanding letters as often as possible. The two sisters stepped out of the room leaving Elizabeth alone with Mr. Bennet. He stood and she rushed into his arms. "Papa!" He hugged her tight and kissed the top of her head, "You will always be my beloved daughter, Little Lizzy. Don't ever forget that." "I won't, Papa. I love you." They stood that way for another minute before he finally pushed her away with shaking hands, "Off you go, my dear. It is time to seize your destiny." Elizabeth gave the only father she had ever known another hug. She feared that she might never see him alive again, but time was pressing and she needed to go. Elizabeth stepped out of the front door of her childhood home. She had only taken three steps when she was seized from behind and wrapped in a fierce hug. Kitty's sandy blonde hair fell over Lizzy's shoulder. "Please don't forget me, Lizzy? I couldn't bear it!" Elizabeth turned and returned Kitty's hug with an equally tight embrace, "Never, Kitty. Don't you worry. When the time is right I will send for you… I can't explain more now, but things are not as bad as they seem. Please don't say anything to Lydia, Caroline, or your mother?" Kitty didn't fully understand, but she trusted Elizabeth completely. "Yes Lizzy. Please be safe." Jane and Lizzy exchanged another hug. Then Elizabeth joined Mary in the coach. The driver snapped the reins and the coach headed down the drive. Neither Mrs. Bennet nor Lydia made an appearance. The staff would have dearly loved to say goodbye, but Fanny Bennet was too busy redecorating the room that had once housed that "hateful imposter." They drove through Meryton and then veered north. The coach proceeded to a remote crossroads and then pulled to a halt behind a much fancier carriage. While Mr. Darcy and the Colonel handed the two young ladies out, the drivers and footmen relocated their trunks to the Darcy coach. A friendly-faced maid from Netherfield was waiting inside the vehicle, and was introduced at their new lady's maid. Then, before they climbed in and proceeded onwards, Darcy asked to speak to Elizabeth for a moment. "I apologize for the change of plans, but I need to take a detour, Lady Elizabeth. I want to ride to Ramsgate to collect my sister. We will join you in Leicester." Elizabeth smiled and nodded, though a part of her regretted the separation deeply. "You will be safe with the Colonel," his eyes seemed to return her feelings on the matter. "We will be travelling longer days so that we can catch up to you at Leicester or sooner. I look forward to introducing you to the Duchess. Until then, please be safe." He gave a lingering kiss to her hand and Elizabeth blushed. "You take care as well, Mr. Darcy. I look forward to meeting Miss Darcy." The hired coach drove southward to be returned. The Darcy coach proceeded north, and a lone horseman rapidly hurtled eastward. Nobody was aware that a fistful of letters was posting toward London and other parts of England. Nor did any of the aforementioned party know that another coach was being leased in Ramsgate by a handsome and devious rake. He would also be taking a trek north for both wealth and revenge. Pandora's box had been opened and all of her little minions were dashing out to play.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 11 – Scheming and Strategy A/N: Many thanks to Steeleo for providing a website that answered my difficult questions, and for JAFan1995 for pointing me toward the book. Much appreciated! If you are reading this from Great Britain and you notice glaring errors, please notify me. For most stories I prefer to write about places I've visited… but my last visit to England was at the age of eight. Ramsgate, early evening George Wickham bared his teeth in anticipation of his revenge on Darcy. Of course, it would have been so much easier if the silly chit had been more responsive to his pleas for an elopement. He had romanced, lied, and manipulated the girl until she didn't know which end was up, but still she was reluctant to get married without her brother's consent! And she had seemed so malleable! Agnes Younge, his off-and-on lover and partner in crime, had intercepted four letters sent by Georgianna and even caught one from the housekeeper, but time was running out. Desperate, George had formed a new plan. It had only taken a bottle of brandy and some intensive negotiation, but the postmaster of Whitstable had agreed to play his part. Now all that remained was to wait the man's arrival. George straightened his cravat, smoothed his hair, and used the knocker. The housekeeper answered the door, poorly concealing her frown. It be'nt right fer a man t'be visiten a genteel young miss like this. And that companion! What was she doin' leavin' the man alone alls the time with the young miss. It jest be'nt right! Nevertheless, until the master responded to her letter, she must obey the directions of the young miss and that Younge woman. With that in mind, she led him to the sitting room, announced him, and departed to her duties. Georgianna Darcy gave Mr. Wickham a tight smile. It was not as wide as her smiles had been for the past several weeks. She had read all about love in the romance novels, and she knew that sometimes lovers did wild things to be with the one they loved… and it always worked out well by the end of the story... Still, she loved her brother very much and she just couldn't see doing anything that might earn his disapproval. It didn't seem right that George wanted her to elope… and it had begun to bother her that Mrs. Younge had seemed to support the idea at one point. In the end, Mrs. Younge agreed to Georgianna sending a letter to her brother. That had already been more than a week ago! She had actually sent three more in case the first was lost. None of it made sense! Fitzwilliam hadn't responded to one of her posts. She was alone with Mrs. Younge and Mr. Wickham was a daily presence. She didn't know what to do! She breathed a soft sigh of relief when George Wickham made no effort to renew his pleas for an elopement. He simply relaxed into his seat, smiled peacefully, and poured himself a glass of port from the decanter waiting there for him. Georgianna allowed her tension to ease after this. She also noticed that Mrs. Younge remained in her usual chair, placidly stitching her embroidery. It bothered Georgianna how often her companion had left her alone with the gentleman to scurry after one task or another. At first Georgianna hadn't been too worried about being left alone with her childhood friend, but as he became more demonstrative and strident in his overtures she had begun to cringe at the impropriety of the situation. I'll have to speak to brother about that too. They conversed easily about a variety of light subjects until fast hoof beats were heard outside the Darcy's beach house. There was a pounding at the outside door and then loud voices. Before they could reach the sitting room door, it flew open and the housekeeper escorted the rider in. "Express, if you please, for a Miss Darcy?" Georgianna gave a quick gasp and stepped forward to receive the express. The man continued to stand there and George scowled at the opportunist before passing him a coin. The man tugged his forelock and exited. "Oh!" Georgianna cried, "It's from a doctor in Grantham! Fitzwilliam had an accident! He's very hurt and can't be moved!" Wickham and Mrs. Younge uttered their own exclamations of dismay. Mrs. Younge turned to Mr. Wickham, "Sir, I realize this is a great imposition, but could you escort us there as quickly as possible?" George gently laid a hand on Georgianna's trembling shoulder, "Of course. My dear friend must need his sister. There is not a moment to delay. Have the servants pack your bags and we will be off as soon as I can lease a conveyance." With that he was off. Georgianna gave directions to the servants. Mrs. Younge instructed the pesky housekeeper to close up the house and release the servants. In less than an hour Wickham arrived with a hired coach and driver. Shortly thereafter they were heading west. oOoOOoOo It was mid-afternoon when Mr. Darcy halted Arion in front of the Darcy beach home. He had intended to make the trip in one day, but Arion threw a shoe. The farrier was unavailable that night, thus Darcy had to put up at an inn and continue on as soon as the man returned in the morning and nailed the shoe. Perhaps the only good that came from this was that he felt relatively well rested. It took him a minute to realize that something wasn't right. A footman or a stable hand should have stepped out to greet him and take Arion. Instead there was silence. Dismounting, he pounded on the door. After a long pause, a voice was heard, "Just a minute! I'm comin'" Then the housekeeper, Mrs. Fitzsimmons, opened the door. Her eyes went wide and she stammered for a moment. Annoyed and concerned, Mr. Darcy demanded, "What is happening here? Where is my sister and where is the staff?" "Sir!... They said you was terribly hurt… they was an express and all!" She appeared ready to faint. "Who said I was hurt? Speak up, woman!" "Well, the young miss, her companion and that other fella," Mrs. Fitzsimmons answered, wringing her hands, "Had us pack up everythin', they did. That Younge woman says to close up the place and that Wickham fella, he went and got a coach to take them in." "WICKHAM!?" Darcy roared. When the poor distraught woman almost collapsed in fright, he schooled his tone. "Please, Mrs. Fitzsimmons, you must tell me everything that you know, and as clearly and quickly as possible." Newport River Inn, the following morning The Darcy carriage, conveying Elizabeth, Mary, and the Colonel, was taking a much more leisurely pace towards their destination. Neither of the young ladies had ever been out of Hertfordshire, except for brief visits with the Gardiners in London. They were enjoying their adventure immensely, especially their charming and accommodating escort. After the first hours of their departure, the Colonel had chosen to tie his horse's lead to the carriage and join the ladies for conversation. They stopped for the first night at a fine inn that overlooked a lake. On the second night they reached in Newport and were glad that Mr. Darcy had sent ahead for reservations. They had arrived in the middle of the town's annual festival and the streets and inns were bustling with celebrants. After they all washed the dust of the road off, the Colonel escorted the ladies through the various activities. For the first time in her life Mary had the experience of being the focus of a man's attention while a sister… and she still thought of Elizabeth as her sister… played companion. It was rather exhilarating! The Colonel only had to turn his full attention in Elizabeth's direction one time, when a pair of drunks became too interested in making her acquaintance. After that the trio chose to leave the streets and return to the inn. It was morning now. They were just finishing a fine breakfast and preparing to depart when a very exhausted express rider came in search of the Colonel. The ladies watched in concern as the Colonel read the missive and his face turned ashen. For a few minutes he paced and cursed under his breath before he finally remembered the ladies. Still, he seemed hesitant to speak. Elizabeth prompted, "Please, Colonel, what has happened? Is it Mr. Darcy?" Colonel Fitzwilliam ran his hand through his hair, his face a mask of anger, frustration, and almost despair, "I apologize Lady Elizabeth, Miss Mary… I have to arrange for you to travel the remainder of the way without me…" Mary spoke up, "Colonel Fitzwilliam, in the past week Elizabeth… and to a lesser degree I have allowed you into some of the deepest parts of our lives. We have given you our complete trust… please believe that we can also be trusted. Tell us what is in that message." The look in Mary's eyes expressed a clear message even to the agitated Colonel. If he did not trust her now, there would never be any more. He looked at Elizabeth and saw only a desire to help. He nodded, more to himself than to them, and signaled to the innkeeper, "My good man, we require a private space for a few minutes. I need to pass on highly confidential information." The man responded quickly and shortly the trio were safely tucked away in a very private room. The Colonel explained, "The message is from Darcy. He arrived at Ramsgate to find Georgianna gone. She had received a supposed express telling her that her brother was severely injured and at death's door in Grantham. Of course, it isn't true. Naturally, Georgianna had to travel right away." Mary furrowed her brow, "The express was false. But to what purpose?" The message was crushed in his hands as the Colonel answered, "It seems that an old friend turned enemy has been regularly visiting my Georgianna. My little cousin only knew Wickham as a child, so she is unaware of his gambling, drinking, and chasing women… pardon…" He continued when the ladies waved off his apology, "George Wickham is a very handsome, charming, and a gifted liar. I'm sure that he had Georgianna's absolute trust. But the man is always in debt and Georgianna has a dowry of thirty-thousand pounds. He must have manufactured the express and set himself up as the hero, ready to offer his assistance and protection!" Elizabeth shook her head and said, "Once he had her in the coach, she is pretty much in his control. He wouldn't kidnap her for ransom, that's too dangerous. But if they are heading north toward Grantham…" Mary agreed, "He means to force an elopement. It is only two more days to Gretna Green, less if they push. But didn't she have some sort of governess or companion?" "She did," the Colonel responded with hate in his voice, "and it seems that she is in league with Wickham. Now, I need to…" "A couple of quick questions, Colonel," Mary interrupted. "Mary… I mean, Miss Mary, time is of the essence!" "Which is precisely why you need to slow down and answer my questions," Mary responded sharply. When the Colonel finally nodded in acquiescence, she asked, "Did Mr. Darcy's sister expect her brother's visit at this time?" "No, he wasn't supposed to collect her for another two weeks." "Good. Second question: is there a garrison nearby and are there any officers or men there who you trust?" "Yes, but what does that have to do with…" "Colonel! I know that you are sharper than this! I realize that this is a shock, but we can't save your cousin if you go rushing of like a donkey with a bee under his blanket. If this man wasn't expecting Mr. Darcy to arrive anytime soon, then he will most likely take the most direct route towards Grantham. However, if he expected Mr. Darcy earlier, he might take an alternate route in order to throw off pursuit. Based upon what we know, he will almost certainly choose the fastest and most direct route. Besides which, if Miss Darcy is from Derbyshire than she certainly knows the direct route well. She would recognize it quickly if the road they travelled wasn't the right one." Colonel Fitzwilliam looked at Mary with newfound respect. Elizabeth spoke up, "As to Mary's second question: is there a garrison with troops you trust nearby? You answered 'yes', Colonel. If so, and if you can recruit help, then we can have men either checking inns where they might stop to rest or watching roads. It is actually a good thing that they are deceiving Miss Darcy for now." "A good thing?" The Colonel snapped. "How is it a good thing?" Mary had the same thought as Elizabeth, "As long as they are still trying to deceive Miss Darcy, they are unlikely to offer her harm, nor will that man try to compromise her. It is a long trip, Colonel, and even a young lady could cause difficulties if she knew of her danger. No, they will want her docile and cooperative for as long as possible." "Which means that Georgianna's danger will escalate as soon as they pass Grantham without stopping," The Colonel finished the thought. Then he shook his head, "You two belong at Whitehall or in military intelligence." The Colonel felt more in control of himself now. He continued with Mary's second question, "Yes, there is a large garrison in Northhampton. I served in India and Spain with several of the officers there." Mary spoke quickly, "We need a reliable map. Is there a post-master nearby?" When the Colonel looked quizzical, Elizabeth explained, "Mary loves maps. She can see things in them that others might miss." It was the work of minutes for the Colonel to locate the post-master and borrow his route-map. They spread it out on a table and examined it together. Then Mary traced a line, "Colonel, you will go to the garrison in Northhampton. We will deviate at the split just north of here and aim for Kettering. From Kettering we will head east and stop at Stilton below Peterborough." Colonel Fitzwilliam seemed prepared to protest, but Elizabeth forestalled him, "We will be safe with Peter the coachman and Andrew the footman. They are loyal to Mr. Darcy and will not allow us to see harm. Not many people would tangle with Mr. Darcy's footman… wait, would this Wickham character recognize them?" Richard shook his head, "I just don't know. I haven't seen the rogue for years, but he has plagued Darcy quite often. It is possible that he might recognize them." Mary interjected, "Then what you need to do is instruct them to stay out of the way once the other coach arrives, at least until it is too late for Mr. Wickham to react. Even if Miss Darcy's coach travels faster than expected, they will still be a day behind us when we arrive. Peter and Andrew can spread the word to watch for them… you'll need to write out a good description. Stilton is the crossroads. They will have to come there and will almost certainly stop, if only to change horses." When the man continued to look skeptical, Elizabeth said, "Colonel, you will reach us with your men before Miss Darcy if you get moving. We will promise not to make any attempt to confront this man directly. Our part is to gather and disseminate information. Your part is to write a description, instruct Peter and Andrew, and get help to Peterborough as rapidly as possible." Ten minutes later the party departed the inn. Just North of town the group split, with the Colonel veering slightly west and the coach veering slightly east. The chase was on. Ware, on the northern road Darcy was exhausted and Argon was spent. He had checked at enough inns along the way to confirm sightings of a coach carrying a tall, handsome man, a woman in her late twenties, and a well-dressed young lady. Darcy was assured that he was on the right track, but he could go no further without a rest. Royston, on the same road George Wickham felt agitated. Agnes Younge had assured him that there was no possibility of pursuit, but he felt an uncomfortable tickle in his spine. It wasn't helping that he couldn't find any way to manipulate Georgianna into paying for his room and board. She had her remaining pin money, which was just sufficient to house and feed her and Mrs. Younge on the trip, but would not stretch to supporting all three. Georgianna had assured him that her brother would pay back any expenses once he was well, but there were obvious problems there… of which Georgianna knew nothing yet. Meanwhile, Wickham's available funds were dwindling rapidly and might not last to Gretna Green.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 12 – Play Acting Stilton, late evening A very road-weary group reached Stilton on the same evening as the last rays of sunlight faded into night. The once-pristine conveyance was gray with dust and grime. Peter the coachman has served the Darcy's since childhood and he pushed himself, the horses, and even the vehicle to its limits until they had reached their destination. After the ladies were helped down, Elizabeth turned to the two men, "Peter, thank you, you are amazing. After the horses are seen to, I want you to get some sleep. Andrew, do you think that you can find other reliable servants to spread the word and keep watch after you clean up?" Mary raised a hand to interject, "Andrew, please tell them that Miss Darcy's brother has recovered and that we are only trying to intercept the travelers before they make an unnecessary trip… No, that won't work, because then someone might try to convey the news themselves rather than leaving it to us…" "Say only that we wish to convey an urgent message to them, but we must approach them in our own manner… that we don't wish to shock the distraught girl any further," Elizabeth suggested. Mary pondered this and agreed. Only the smaller trunks were unloaded in case they needed to depart quickly to continue the chase. The ladies ate and slept. Both Peter and Andrew made the rounds of the town, seeking out reliable watchers and passing on the Colonel's descriptions. They were cautious, as they knew that men were just as prone to gossip as women. Miss Darcy had been a favorite to all of the servants since her birth. They wouldn't allow any harm to come to her or her reputation. But if they could catch George Wickham alone, in a dark alley… Royston, morning George Wickham managed to pull Mrs. Younge aside while Georgianna attended to her morning ablutions. "Agnes, I'm running out of funds quickly. I need you to pilfer something from Miss Darcy's jewelry box before it gets packed away this morning. She isn't worrying about jewelry due to the nature of this trip, so she won't notice. When we stop in Stilton tonight I will sell it. We need about fifty pounds to finish this trip." Ware, same morning Arion was temporarily lame. The tiny discomfort caused two days before by the loss of the shoe had multiplied with yesterday's hard riding. Darcy smoothed the magnificent beast's coarse hair to comfort it, and then turned to the stable master. "I need the best horse you have." The stable master loved horses better than men. He eyed this gentleman suspiciously. He didn't much like the idea of handed over another horse to a man who almost knackered this one. Then Arion lovingly nudged his master and Darcy absently scratched the beast's nose. That decided the stable master. "I have a roan, he's not as stylish as this handsome fellow, but he'll serve you well. We have an agreement with Toby Ferris on in Caston. He'll exchange you there." Darcy thanked the man, arranged for Arion's care, and mounted the horse that was prepared for him. Within ten minutes Ware had faded from view behind him. He didn't notice. His focus was north, where his childhood friend turned worst enemy was stealing away with his dear sister. I hope that Richard got my message. It would be too easy for only one man to miss them. Stilton, around noon The Colonel made the introductions, quickly becoming annoyed at his friends for their attempts at flirtation with his two attractive charges. Elizabeth called in Peter and Andrew to share about their efforts with the locals and then everyone talked strategy. After the first few minutes, the officers forgot their surprise at including the two young ladies in their planning. The conflict only came after the officers dispersed with their men to their assigned locations. "Lady Elizabeth, Miss Mary, I want you to remove with to the White Horse Inn." "But that is on the far side of town," Mary protested. "Precisely. You've done your part magnificently. Now you need to leave the rest to the men. George Wickham may be a rake and a gamester, but he can also be very dangerous. Peter, take them in the Darcy coach and hide it behind the inn… as a matter of fact, cover the crests so that there is no chance that Wickham will notice. Andrew, stand guard over the ladies." There was a heated argument, but in the end the Colonel prevailed. He suspected that he would pay later, but for now he wanted the ladies safe. oOoOOoOo Sergeant Hollings was the first to spot the carriage, he had ridden south ten miles to serve as the leading edge of the watchers. Once he confirmed the passengers by riding slowly by, he detoured past them and galloped northward. Having been alerted, Lieutenant Preacher was the next to identify the travelers. As agreed, neither he nor Hollings made any suspicious moves. Instead he repeated Hollings' earlier maneuver and passed the carriage in the opposite direction before turning, only rejoining the main road three miles further on. That was the mistake that overturned their plans. George Wickham still had that persistent itch of fear, and it only grew worse as their coach came closer to his childhood stomping grounds. He knew Peterborough and Stilton well. In his younger years he had adopted the plan to avoid exercising his vices too close to home, lest the elder Mr. Darcy discover his true character and withdraw his support. This area became his playground. So when the coach came close to the outskirts of Stilton, He directed the coachman to veer off the main road and onto a track usually only used by locals. The main part of town was too well policed, but he knew of a pawn on the northern edge of the town who was more open to receiving questionable goods. Luckily, it was also located close to an inn that was off the beaten path and still respectable. If anyone was searching, they probably wouldn't think to search there. oOoOOoOo The Colonel cursed in frustration when Hollings made his report. He hastily scrawled out several quick messages and sent the man off to adjust the troops and begin the search of Stilton. I should have known that that slippery snake wouldn't make this easy! He called for another runner to alert the watchers north of town, just in case the coach continued on without stopping. Then the Colonel gave directions to Lieutenant Waterford to remain while he mounted his horse and joined the search. oOoOOoOo The ladies were eating a quiet dinner, both irritated at being out of the loop, when Andrew suddenly knocked and stepped in, "My Lady, they're here!" "Who? The Colonel, Mr. Darcy?" Mary sought clarification. "No, Miss. The little miss and that scoundrel… and the other woman." Both ladies surged up. Their rooms were on a second floor overlooking the courtyard. Looking out of the windows, they saw a dusty coach resting at the front of the inn. A tall, quite handsome man stepped out, turned, and handed down a very pretty young lady. Then the man helped an older woman to step down. The younger lady was facing the inn so she couldn't see the other two, but Elizabeth and Mary witnessed the man caressing the woman's arm in a very familiar way. Elizabeth and Mary left the room to stand by the stairs and catch a glimpse of trio walking in. The man, obviously Wickham, led the two ladies to a table, then bowed and excused himself. When he left through the front entrance Mary rushed back to their sitting room to watch out of the window. After Wickham spoke to the coachman he strolled nonchalantly down the sidewalk and disappeared around a corner. Mary returned to Elizabeth, who had collected both Peter and Andrew. "How long would it take us to get word to the Colonel, Peter?" Elizabeth asked. "'Bout twenty minutes, m'Lady." Mary shook her head. "Forty minutes there and back. We don't know where Wickham has gone or when he'll return. We have to act now. Peter, is there any rope in our carriage?" Both Peter and Andrew looked skeptical, but the two ladies quickly persuaded them. Once they had a clear plan in place, everyone moved into position. Georgianna had been becoming more and more concerned as the journey continued. Several times she had caught George in a measuring smirk that discomfited her nerves. Then, on more than one occasion, she thought that she had seen the man touching Mrs. Younge in a very familiar way. Today, after a noon meal, she had drifted off to sleep. As she was beginning to wake she thought that she had heard her two travelling companions almost whispering, and she heard the words "Gretna Green," and "once we have her dowry." When she stirred, the conversation ceased. When she finally opened her eyes both Mrs. Younge and George were sleeping… or at least appeared to be. Suspicions were racing through her mind now. Every interaction, every word from George Wickham's mouth, and every time that Mrs. Younge left her alone with the man now returned in sharp focus. And nothing pointed to a conclusion that sat well with Georgianna. She had just set down her drink to quiz Mrs. Younge when two young ladies stepped up to the table. Both were around twenty, one taller and plainer, but still pretty, and the other quite eye-catching. The plain one spoke first, "Miss Darcy! We are so glad that we were able to catch you! Thank goodness!" Mrs. Younge looked startled, but tried to gain control of this unexpected situation, "Excuse me, but this is highly innapro…" "Oh, forgive us, Mrs. Younge, we haven't introduced ourselves," Elizabeth interrupted. "I am Lady Elizabeth Tourleon and this is Miss Mary. Miss Darcy, I am overjoyed to tell you that your brother has recovered. Everyone was hoping to intercept you here in Stilton before you headed north. In fact, Mr. Darcy is with us, headed south." Mrs. Younge's mouth worked like a fish as she tried to recover. These young women not only knew about the deception, but they were using it against her! Worse, if she tried to confront them on it, Georgianna would immediately know the truth! She had to get away, and right now! "I… I think that I should collect our baggage…" Mary gave Mrs. Younge a feral smile, "Oh, certainly, Mrs. Younge. And Peter here will be more than happy to go with you to carry your bags." The companion looked at the coach driver and her shoulders slumped. Then she walked out of the dining area, followed closely by the man. "So then… it was true? My brother was hurt, but he's okay now? I was beginning to have doubts…" Elizabeth and Mary gestured for Georgianna to rise and follow them. As they walked out of the rear door toward the Darcy coach, they told her the truth. Twenty minutes later, a contented George Wickham whistled down the avenue and strolled into the White Horse Inn. He had managed to talk the man up to sixty pounds for the pearl necklace, an exorbitant sum perhaps, but they were of the highest quality… a true Darcy heirloom. Extra money for me and another cut to Darcy; a good evening's work. When he didn't see the ladies in the dining area, he asked the proprietor which room they had been assigned. With that information, he walked lightly up the stairs and down the corridor. He knocked once and waited. A muffled female voice bade him enter. With a smile he opened the door and stepped in. There was an explosion of pain as a fist connected with his face, and then everything went black. oOoOOoOo Darcy galloped into town, weary eyes searching for his quarry. The roan had been exchanged for a chestnut mare; the mare exchanged for this pale gelding. But Darcy had made the entire trip. He felt like he might fall from the saddle at any moment, but he couldn't allow himself to rest while his sister was still in danger. "… Darcy… DARCY!" He snapped out of his stupor to see his cousin riding towards him. "Richard! Have you found her?" It was an almost desperate plea, but Richard couldn't give him the answer that he wanted to. "I have eleven men watching the roads and the inns. I have a post to the north in case they pass through without stopping. They were spotted an hour ago south of town, but then that rat scurried into some hole. We're searching out every nook and cranny of this town. Peter and Andrew also have some locals watching…" "Peter and Andrew!? Then… where are the ladies? I told you to send them on to Leicester!" Colonel Fitzwilliam glared at his cousin. He wasn't some ensign to be bawled out in public, "The ladies are here, Darcy," he answered coldly. "And before you say anything more, they have been an immense help… but I'll tell you all about it later. Right now they are safely tucked away and we need to…" They stopped speaking and turned as a coach and four loudly clattered out of a side road and drove toward them. The sides were draped with black material, but Darcy could swear that it was his own crested coach. The flapping material kept affording glimpses of what looked like gold paint. Then both men recognized Peter driving. As the coach came to a rest in front of them, the Colonel scolded, "Peter! I thought that I told you to keep the ladies…" "FITZWILLIAM! RICHARD!" A sweet voice called out and a tall blond girl hurtled out of the carriage toward them. Darcy stumbled as he dismounted, drunk with weariness, but his sister caught him into a fierce, tearful hug. "I was so scared! I thought that you were hurt… and then I didn't know what was real… and I sent you letter after letter that you never answered… and then this trip… and Lizzy and Mary… and it was all lies… and I didn't know what to do…" Tears flowed down Darcy's eyes and he was unashamed. He held his sister tight, saying, "Shhh… shhh… you're safe now Little Bit. Everything is good now." The two young ladies had also exited the coach. Darcy looked up and his eyes met Elizabeth's. Neither looked away for a long time. From the desk of LFU: I will leave this chapter here. Details about the culprits will follow soon. But this seemed like a good place to stop. For the next few chapters we will focus on Elizabeth and company. Later we will return to the doings in Hertfordshire. And eventually the two stories will converge again. That might be interesting… perhaps… who knows?
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 13 – The Dowager Duchess of Argon On a Westbound Road to Leicester Tinkling laughter, merry voices, and the occasional giggle emanated from the Darcy carriage as it travelled westward. Darcy and Richard, both mounted on fresh horses, rode on either side of the conveyance. They smiled at each other. Just one day before all seemed lost. Now Georgianna was safe and was being joyfully entertained by two ladies who continued to amaze. Richard rode forward a few feet until he rode next to the coachman's seat. "You have to stop this frowning, Peter," he teased, "It's a beautiful day and all is right with the world!" Beside the grumpy man, Andrew was grinning despite his heavily wrapped right hand. "He's still fumin' 'bout me clobberin' ole George." Peter glared back and forth at both men, "It shoulda been me! I was supposed to hit him. If that false lady hadn't started scootin' her chair tryin' ta warn the feller, I'da got him too." Richard laughed heartily, "Don't worry, Peter. Maybe when we get to Leicester I'll pull him out and let you work him over for a bit… fair deal?" Peter knew quite well that the Colonel was too upright to do anything of the sort, but the idea of it was appealing enough to lighten his mood. "Well, it's probably for the best. One blow from these here fists an' I'd be up on murder charges." While Richard had ridden forward, Darcy had slowed to draw even with the second coach, the one which housed two criminals. The women riding facing forward turned her head away, refusing to meet Darcy's gaze. Wickham glared balefully at Darcy. He might have said something sarcastic or scathing to his nemesis, but Andrew's big fist had hit him right on nose and mouth, breaking the former and knocking out several teeth from the latter. Wickham's mouth was swollen and bleeding, his nose ached terribly, and both eyes were purple-black with bruising. Darcy chose not to taunt the man. There truly was no need. Kidnapping was a serious offense, but it might have led to a scandal. It wasn't necessary though. Lieutenant Preacher and Sergeant Hollings had spotted Wickham entering the pawn broker. When he left, Preacher followed but detailed Hollings to arrest the dealer and secure the stolen goods. When Lieutenant Preacher saw Wickham entering the White Horse Inn, he had immediately hired a boy to deliver a message to Colonel Fitzwilliam. Lieutenant Preacher then proceeded into the White Horse, but by then it was already all over. The girl was safe, the woman secured, and the man lying unconscious and bleeding on the floor. Shaking his head at these unusual and appealing women, he tasked himself with securing the prisoners so that the ladies could take the young miss to the Colonel. He knew that he would never hear the end of it at the barracks, but he didn't care too much. It was too good a story to tell. But the key point to Darcy was that Mrs. Younge had stolen a valuable family heirloom and Wickham had sold it to a man who specialized in stolen goods. In a time where street urchins were hanged or transported for stealing apples, it was more than enough to send both prisoners to Botany Bay. And since the circuit court was in Leicester, and the circuit judge was of the House of Argon, Darcy was confident that his old friend would be out of his life for good. After it was determined that the hired coachman knew nothing about the attempted kidnapping and elopement, Darcy had agreed to pay his fare if he would continue as the driver to Leicester. At one time Darcy might have shown mercy, but for his childhood friend and his father's godson to go after Georgianna in such a fashion… that was more than he would bear. Dear reader, we will not tarry in this tale over the trip between Peterborough and Leicester. Suffice it to say that a pleasant time was had by all but two, and that by its conclusion the three young ladies had formed a friendship that would span all of their years. Argon-Bretagne Castle, North of Leicester Everyone sat straighter as the Darcy carriage and the two horsemen rode through impressively designed wrought-iron gates into a sculpted park that stretched off into the distance, ending in a castle that sat on a rise. Darcy and the Colonel had been to this castle, but neither the servants nor the three ladies had. The other carriage had surrendered its passengers into the loving hands of the circuit judge. The driver had been paid and he departed, saying good-riddance to the whole business. Now the Darcy party proceeded down a perfectly straight drive that followed a square pond for precisely one mile, measured to the foot. Another drive bordered the other side of the pond for traffic going the opposite direction. Centuries-old oaks and maples guarded the roads coming and going, offering both shade and dignity to the landscape. As the distance shrank and the castle grew, the ladies remarked the crenulated walls, the corner towers, and the two tall spires. In the center, rising above the walls was the castle house. They approached the high walls and passed through a gate that lifted into a recess in the wall above just like one would find in a book of illustrations. Elizabeth teasingly complained about the lack of a moat, but the other two ladies were too shocked to speak. The mile-long road had been graveled, but the roads courtyard of the castle was cobbled, resulting in a notable change in the sounds of both horse hoofs and carriage wheels. While the fortified structure still appeared as it must have for centuries, the castle house and other ancillary buildings inside of the vast walls had been renovated and modernized, with many windows, chimneys, and fancy brickwork. It was built in the shape of a squashed "H", with the center stretching for fifty yards and the two wings stretching for thirty. Ivy clung to the three-story home, lending it a more comforting appearance, but it was still incredibly imposing. Liveried footmen in wigs stood at the top of the stairs. They moved down in a stately fashion, but Darcy and Richard had already dismounted and they helped the ladies out. By the time that all were standing on the cobbled drive, two couples had appeared at the top of the stairs. Georgianna was the first to recognize one pair. At Matlock she might have called out their names in joy, but the presence of the other stylish couple and the magnificence of the setting quelled such impulses. With great dignity Darcy offered his arms to Elizabeth and Georgianna, while the Colonel offered his arm to Mary. They proceeded up the stairs and everyone naturally assumed the most perfect dignity that they could manage. Lady Sophia Matlock watched her son's face and regarded the young lady on his arm with intense interest. This was an unexpected development, but not unwelcome. Darcy began first, Your Graces, My Lord and Lady, may I present Lady Elizabeth Bingley. And Your Graces present my sister, Miss Georgianna Darcy. The two couples nodded and Richard stepped forward. "And may I present Miss Mary Bennet, erstwhile sister to Lady Elizabeth." Darcy continued the introductions, "Ladies, may I present to you Their Graces, the Duke and Duchess of Argon, the Earl and Countess of Covington, and Baron and Baroness Fingal… and this is Lord and Lady Fitzwilliam, the Earl and Countess of Matlock, my and Georgianna's aunt and uncle and parent to Colonel Fitzwilliam… which we choose not to hold against them." Everyone chuckled at this and the Duchess, a very pretty lady of perhaps forty years old, exclaimed, "Oh, Thomas, she has your grandmother's eyes!" The Duke, a handsome man of medium height and slight build, chuckled, "We have all been looking forward to meeting you, Lady Elizabeth. Miss Darcy, I have heard much about you and have wondered why your brother hides you away from us. Miss Bennet, it is truly an honor to meet you. Now, if you two scamps will escort these fine ladies into our home, we can go and see the only person who truly matters here." Everyone laughed, but they also complied. Once they had entered, however, the Duke offered Elizabeth his own arm and Darcy reluctantly relinquished her. The duchess walked beside the pair talking about the trip and the weather as everyone followed through a spacious foyer, around a staircase, and through tall gilded doors. Sitting on a well-cushioned chair was a tiny woman with snow-white hair. She was tiny, but even from a distance and in this large room, she dominated the scene with the power of her personality. "Elizabeth! I thought that you would never get here!" Her words, which might have seemed accusatory, were gently spoken and pleased instead. "Come here my child! You can't imagine how much I have longed to meet you." Everyone else stayed. Only Elizabeth moved forward. She walked forward, moving like a magnet to metal, and without any conscious intention found herself in the frail but powerful embrace of her great, great-grandmother. For a minute, they only hugged, but then Elizabeth felt the woman turning her. She immediately understood and turned so that the dowager could look at Elizabeth's neck. The Duke and Duchess moved forward as well and all three smiled widely. There, just at her hairline, was the birthmark of the dove. Elizabeth felt moisture on her neck and realized that the dowager was crying. She turned and looked at the ancient lady, tears in her own eyes. "Oh, and you look so much like Genevieve… and Isolde. I still remember when my Geoffrey returned from across the channel with his bride. He was so proud and she was so lively and beautiful!" Elizabeth took a seat beside the kindly lady, "Mr. Darcy told me the story, Your Grace…" "No! No! There will be none of that Your Grace business. To you, my sweet dear, I am Grandma Lizzy." The new arrivals, Elizabeth in particular, were all surprised. The dowager beamed, "Imagine my surprise when I received Fitzwilliam's… oh, that might be confusing for you with all of these Fitzwilliam scapegraces around," everyone chuckled and the Earl shook his head, "I shall call him 'Darcy' now to avoid confusion… where was I… oh yes, the express! Imagine my surprise when Darcy wrote to tell me that he had finally found my dear lost girl… and that her name was Elizabeth Bennet!" She smiled impishly at Darcy and Richard, "I bet that neither of you scamps knew my given name, did you?" When they shook their heads, she gave a slight frown, "That's the problem with all of these titles and forms of address: they take away the person and only leave the position. But don't you worry dear, Elizabeth you are and Elizabeth you shall always be to me. Imagine, switched at birth and somehow they came to name you correctly anyway." They spoke for a little longer but it soon became obvious that the dowager was weary. The Duke kissed his grandmother's brow and then motioned for all to exit. Elizabeth looked back and saw the tall footman reach down and lift the tiny woman into his arms before carrying her toward the opposite door. She felt eyes on her and looked over to meet the Duke's gaze, "How old?" she asked softly. "Ninety-five. We think that she has been waiting," Lizzy raised an eyebrow in question, to which the Duke chuckled, "You even have her mannerisms… She has waiting for you to be found, Elizabeth. She could never rest while one of her children was lost." Leicester Court, the following day The circuit judge raised his staff and brought it down on the marble floor beside his chair. "For theft, I sentence you both transportation. For attempted kidnapping, I sentence you both to flogging, no less than twenty lashes. But I have listened to Mr. Darcy's appeal and will rescind that sentence in the case of Agnes Younge." When he saw Wickham glare at Mr. Darcy, he stated, "It should be noted that Mr. Darcy made this appeal for both of the criminals, but I am very aware of George Wickham's activities in this and in other surrounding boroughs. We have turned a blind eye for far too long. It is the opinion of this court that you should both hang from the neck until dead, but I have heard the appeals of the Duke as well. Why he should bother with you, George Wickham, is beyond my comprehension." He glared at the now terrified prisoner, "But know ye this, George Wickham: I will send notice out. You go to Botany Bay. Should your feet ever touch our shores again, you will face the full and just anger of the law." With that, the man stood, turned his back, and walked out of the room. Prior to being collected from their jail cells the prisoners had been gagged. The judge was well aware of how such people might try to sully Miss Darcy's reputation as a last act of vengeance. He intended to have none of it. The two prisoners were dragged out of the small courtroom, Mrs. Younge crying and Mr. Wickham struggling against his guards. Fitzwilliam Darcy and his cousin stood, along with the Duke and the Earl. When Darcy turned toward the front exit, Richard said, "You won't witness it?" Darcy bent his head, "No. I ran and played with him as a child. My father cared for the boy. I don't want my last memory of him to be a flogging." "Sometimes I think that you are too kind-hearted, Darcy," Richard said, softening his words by squeezing his cousin's shoulder. "Perhaps that is why I am a farmer and you are a soldier, Richard. The sentence was better than he deserves, I know that. Still, the execution of justice does not belong to me. When you return to the castle, we'll share a brandy and toast our miss-spent childhood." Darcy departed and the others followed the prisoners out to the yard. Argon-Bretagne Castle, the following day Elizabeth looked out of the window and watched Colonel Fitzwilliam and Mary strolling arm-in-arm through the ornamental garden. "They seem to be a fitting match," a voice said behind her. Elizabeth turned to meet the measuring gaze of Lady Fitzwilliam. "Do you disapprove?" She asked with concern. The older lady watched out of the window for a long minute before replying, "Do you know, we gifted Richard with an estate which yields three-thousand a year. The dowager duchess gifted him with another estate that passed through her mother which yields five-thousand a year. They are both beautiful estates with rich farmland and very pretty parks. They aren't Pemberley or Matlock, but they are still excellent estates. We hoped that they would encourage him to quit the army. But for Richard, duty comes first. It's a barely kept secret, but Richard will soon be elevated to Baron as thanks for activities that I probably don't wish to know about if I ever hope to sleep at night." She turned to Elizabeth, "So the question isn't 'do we approve of Miss Mary Bennet,' but rather, can she handle being married to a man who might never come home? Who might, in fact, be caught on foreign soil and be killed without her ever knowing what happened?" Both ladies looked back out the window for another long while, then Elizabeth spoke, "Did your son tell you about the search for Miss Darcy, Lady Fitzwilliam?" The Countess nodded and smiled, "Yes, he can barely stop talking about his 'brillian' Mary." "Then perhaps you see: the more likely scenario is that they might both disappear someday. It might drive the Colonel crazy, but Mary will most likely go wherever he goes, even if she has to stow away on the ship or swim behind it." The Countess surprised herself and Elizabeth with a giggle, "Yes… I can certainly see that happening. In answer to your original question, Lady Elizabeth: We do approve. Not that it matters. The only thing holding Richard back now is Miss Mary's answer." Elizabeth followed the countess' gaze as they watched Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam kneel before his lady. oOoOOoOo Dinner was a celebration that night, with everyone congratulating the Colonel and teasingly commiserating with Mary. Anybody who had ever thought her plain would have been amazed by how radiant she looked that night. Elizabeth watched with pleasure. She laughed with everyone. She offered her own impertinent observations. And she tried to be content. But several things nagged at her: Her father was dying. He would never see Mary's joy. Her family, at least the only family that she had ever known, was far away and… not her family anymore. The Argon family was vast, kind, and entirely welcoming, but they still felt like strangers to her. And, perhaps worst of all, Mr. Darcy seemed to have withdrawn from her. He wasn't avoiding her, exactly, but he didn't engage in conversation as before. He didn't seek private moments with her. He didn't "accidentally" touch her like before. Now that he was pulling away, Elizabeth realized that she was helplessly in love with him. As the family began to disburse, she searched the room for him and found him staring out of a window into the night. As casually as possible with her newfound feelings, she walked over to him. They stood there together, looking into the dark. She was about to say something, anything, but he spoke first. "Lady Elizabeth, now that you are settled here, I think that it is time for Georgianna and I to depart for home." It felt like a punch in the gut. As calmly as she could, she asked, "Wh… why do you need to leave so soon." Darcy turned to face her with blank, lifeless eyes and said, "My task is complete. There is no more reason to stay." Elizabeth ran before the man who had just stabbed her through her heart could see her tears. The ancient duchess, sitting across the room, shook her head in frustration and called for her footman. From the desk of LFU: Please don't hurt me! I promise another chapter soon. Don't worry, like JA I don't care for chapters and chapters of angst and tears.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 14 – Confrontation and Courtship Argon-Bretagne Castle, the dowager's private rooms The Dowager Duchess of Argon examined Fitzwilliam Darcy with steely eyes, "So tell me, Fitzwilliam, what do you find wrong with my great, great, granddaughter?" Darcy stiffened, "Wrong? I don't find anything wrong with her, Your Grace." "Then explain to me why you seem to be withdrawing from her?" She demanded, "And don't think that the girl hasn't noticed. I've watched her since yesterday. I've seen her confused and hurt looks when you seem to brush her off. Now, according to my sources, you were romancing her up until two days ago. So what happened?" "Your grace, I hardly…" "Nonsense! Don't even think about telling me to stay out of your business. I'm old! In fact, I haven't ever met anyone older than me. Meddling is all that I have left, and I will most certainly meddle where my beloved lost child is concerned. Do you know why I asked you to conduct this search, Fitzwilliam?" "I thought it was because my father was sick and he was passing on the responsibility." "And do you know why he was conducting the search?" The dowager demanded. Darcy shook his head, "No, Your Grace. You never told me." "It's simple. Without an heir of the body from Isolde, the line would pass to the over to the next extant line. Can you guess where that might lie?" Darcy's eyes grew large as the truth sunk in. The dowager nodded, "when we traced it back, the only other blood descendants belonged to the Darcy line. I summoned your father many years ago. He heard my story and the story of our lost heir, and rather than take the mantle that I offered, he begged our house to leave things as they were and to allow him to search for the missing child. When he became sick he passed the responsibility on to you. If two more years had passed and you turned thirty, the search would be abandoned and everything would have passed to you." Darcy shook his head to clear it. He respected his father even more now. "So, Mr. Darcy, if you are foolishly thinking that you are suddenly unworthy of Lady Elizabeth, then think again. If you had failed in your task, then you would have received the consolation prize of a dukedom." The young man closed his eyes and his shoulder's slumped slightly, "It isn't that, Your Grace. It's just… how can I protect her when I couldn't even protect my sister?" The diminutive ancient woman regarded Darcy for a long, uncomfortable time, when she finally spoke, there was great sadness in her voice, "You are like your father in so many ways, young man. In some ways that is good. Your father was a man of honor who I trusted absolutely. Who else would have turned down a dukedom in favor of a lost little girl? But in other ways it isn't a good thing. You both have an overdeveloped need to take the blame of the whole world on your shoulders. At the risk of further adding to your burden, allow me to tell you the truth about your mother." She shifted in her chair and looked deep into the past. "You probably don't remember this too well, but when you were eight you almost drowned. Now, there were some who swore to you father that they saw your 'friend', George Wickham, push you off of that embankment. One of the villagers could swim and he dived into that freezing water and pulled you out. You had a high fever for weeks and almost died. Because of that, your dear mother begged your father to allow her to give him another child. He had resisted because your own birth almost killed her, but with you so close to death he finally relented. "When she finally became with child, she was overjoyed. Your mother was made to be a mother… unfortunately fate didn't agree. After your sister was born Lady Anne grew progressively sicker until finally she passed. And your father never forgave himself. He tortured himself in his mind until he finally grew sick as well. And that fool lost years that he could have spent with his two beautiful children!" Darcy reared up in anger, but the dowager forestalled him, "Think, Darcy! Do you think that your dear mother would have been happy with the way that your father ignored you both and grieved for years on end? Do you think that she would have been happy that he used her death as an excuse to withdraw from the world?" Darcy thought about it for a long time and then shook his head, "No, she would have been furious at him." "And if I allowed you, you would use the fact that she made the decision to have another child because of your ill health to torture yourself, but Fitzwilliam Darcy, you may be sure that I will not allow it!" She glared at the young man in silence until he blinked, "Now, dear boy, understand this: there are terrible people in the world. They killed Isolde. They engineered a compromise to entrap Isabelle. And two of them tried similar tactics to harm your poor dear sister. But they are the bad people, not you. You can't always stop them, though you have to try. So then you must use the power you have to do more good then they can do bad. "And one of those things you can do good is to love that poor lost girl of mine. The only father she's ever known is about to die. I will die soon. Even with her new family, she is all alone. Don't allow your foolish need to blame yourself to hurt the woman who loves you." The ancient woman sighed. "I'm tired now, Fitzwilliam. Go and make this right." Fitzwilliam Darcy left the room and began his search for Elizabeth. oOoOOoOo Hours had passed since Elizabeth ran. Now she lay on the front pew of the family chapel. Her face, clothes, and the wooden pew were wet, but now she had no more tears to give. Nothing, not her mother's cruel rejection, not her younger sister's cutting remarks, not even her father's complacent lack of support had hurt as bad ad that one brief sentence had. How did I get it so wrong? How could I think that all of his attentions were anything else to him but duty… a "task." Oh God, how could I have let myself fall in love with him? She heard footsteps, but ignored them at first. Then, somehow, she knew that it was him. "Please go away," She requested sharply. He didn't comply. Instead he came closer and sat behind her, "GO AWAY!" She sat up, glaring through watery eyes, proving that there were still tears to be found. She turned forward to ignore him. Softly, almost too quiet for her to hear, he said, "I can't." They sat there in silence for what seemed like an eternity before she demanded, "Why can't you? Your 'task' is over. So please, kind sir, GO AWAY!" "I can't, Elizabeth. I love you too much." Elizabeth turned around angrily, "What!?" Darcy sighed, "Allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you. Despite the fact that your status is far above mine. Despite the fact that you could marry any duke, earl, or prince you choose and I am only a gentleman without title. Despite the fact that your family is vast and powerful and there are only Georgianna and myself left of my entire Darcy line. And despite the fact that you deserve someone who can truly protect you, and I can't even protect my little sister, I love you so much that I cannot make myself leave. "You deserve so much more, but I offer you my…" He never finished, because Lady Elizabeth Bingley was suddenly laying across the back of her pew, kissing the irritating man. A throat cleared and Thomas, the dowagers personal footman, gave the young people a pointed look. Elizabeth blushed and pulled back. Darcy stood and offered his arm to her, "Please walk with me, Elizabeth?" She looked deeply into his eyes, stood, and wrapped her tiny hand around his arm. They walked out of the chapel and followed a path that led to the west garden. Far enough back to afford them privacy, but close enough to deter any further lapses in propriety, Thomas took up station to follow. "I am so sorry that I said those words, Elizabeth. I… I've been beating myself up about Georgianna and about your elevation, and …" They walked on. After a while she answered, "I am the unwanted child who should have been a boy. I am the girl who is not as beautiful as my sister Jane. I am too smart for my own good and too impertinent to ever attract a man. I am not even the girl who I thought that I was just a month ago. I am now the imposter. "But one man, one very good and handsome man, saw me and truly looked at me. I don't care about titles or wealth or power, Mr. Darcy. I just want somebody to love and who loves me. That's all." "Fitzwilliam," Darcy said. "What?" "My given name: Fitzwilliam. If I call you Elizabeth, can't you call me Fitzwilliam." "Fitzwilliam reminds me of the Colonel." "It's better than Clarence, my middle name, even if I was named after your great-grandfather." "Ugh. Fitzwilliam it is." "I think that it would be best if we agree to a courtship before and engagement, Elizabeth." "Why," She looked up at him, appreciating the way that the moonlight lit up his handsome features. "Because this is only the beginning. For you to truly claim your rightful place you will be poked, measured, and questioned. If you were… married… then it might interfere." Elizabeth stopped walking, releasing Darcy's arm and glaring up at him, "Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy, I am going to marry you. No person, committee, not even the King… not even you, Mr. Darcy, are going to change that!" "Now you sound like Miss Bingley," Darcy teased. Elizabeth gave him a feral grin, "You forget, Mr. Darcy: I am Miss Bingley." Darcy groaned and then chuckled, "Miss Bingley caught me at last! So then, a courtship?" "Arrogant, insufferable man; you may call it a courtship if you choose, Fitzwilliam. I will think of it, quite appropriately mind you, as a long engagement." Darcy stopped this time. Despite Thomas' presence he lifted Elizabeth's hand to his lips and gave it a lingering kiss, "Agreed, my dearest, loveliest Elizabeth." oOoOOoOo Her Grace, the current Duchess of Argon, Olivia, looked at her sister, Sophia, the Countess of Matlock as they both stood looking out over the west garden. "Well, that is another couple who belong together. By the way, you didn't ever tell me what brought you here right now. I assumed that it was because your son notified you of their discovery, but then he seemed surprised to see you here." Sophia grimaced, "Oh yes, that. It seems that the lovely Miss Bennet nee Bingley has decided to notify the Ton of her sudden elevation in status. She sent letters to all and sundry gossips to spread the word. I gather that she plans on sweeping in to London and taking the town by storm." "But, how much has her status changed, really? She went from a wealthy tradesman's daughter to a minor country gentleman's daughter with relations in trade." "I gather from Richard that they might have concealed that little piece of information from her," The Countess grinned at her sister. The Duchess began laughing delightedly, "Oh goodness! That will not go over well." The Countess grew serious, "Unfortunately, she also emphasized the fact that Elizabeth is now the true Bingley." The Duchess contemplated this, "That isn't good. Enough people with irons in the fire knew that we were searching for the missing Miss Bingley. That means that they also know that she has been found. The repercussions of this…" "Now you see why William and I felt the need to come here as soon as possible. At least the Orleanist's branch is mostly in Switzerland or thereabouts. The different French factions in exile might see 'Princess' Elizabeth as a way to bolster their cause or strengthen their power base. They aren't known for playing fair, Olivia. On top of that, enough people know about the Tourleon Dukedom to see Elizabeth as the prize of the century." "Has William spoken with the Duke about this?" "We were going to tomorrow. The poor girl has had enough to deal with today." "Agreed, but we need to watch for barbarians at the gate. That Caroline never stops causing trouble. Perhaps it's time we made her aware of her own insignificance." From the desk of LFU: Sorry for the short chapter. It's hard to type while hiding under my desk with a lynch mob at the door. I had to get this out fast. For historical clarification: The Bourbons were the royal family. Two of these remained: Louis XVIII and his younger brother Charles. Louis was almost crippled, so Charles sort of ran the government in exile. The Orleanist's, a cadet branch (lesser branch) of the Bourbon family were enthusiastic for their shot at the throne. There were others who believed that Napoleon's defeat would open up opportunities. All of these would appreciate the value of Elizabeth's newfound connections.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 15 – As seen in the daylight, Part One Longourne, the morning of Elizabeth's departure Henry Bennet watched the hired coach turn the corner and disappear from view. He knew that Elizabeth and Mary were moving on to a much brighter future, but he wouldn't see it. It was as if a large portion of whatever was sustaining him had been yanked away. He felt the tightness in his chest and decided that he wouldn't think along those lines. There was still much to be done. As he turned back to the house that had been both his haven and his prison, he saw Kitty's slumped shoulders and tearful face. I have been a terrible father, he finally realized, and I will answer to God for my neglect. At that moment of epiphany, he reached a decision. "Kitty, how would you like to spend some time with your Aunt and Uncle Gardiner?" Kitty was first surprised to be addressed by her father with anything but a cutting remark. Then she recovered and looked into his eyes. She saw only kindness and concern there, so she allowed a small smile. "Yes, Papa, I would like that very much… but Mama would never allow me to go and leave Lydia behind." They both heard Mrs. Bennets strident voice from the upper floor, followed by Lydia's, "Oh Lord, I wouldn't dance with that man for the world, Mama! He's too old! Let Kitty have him." Kitty cringed and Mr. Bennet shook his head. "Don't worry, my dear. I heard yesterday that the militia will be quartering in Meryton for the winter. The advance party should arrive by weeks end. Lydia wouldn't leave now for less than a cottage in the middle of a garrison." Kitty's eyes darted back and forth as she weighed the prospects of redcoats against the idea of London. She had no idea that Papa could almost read her thoughts, or that her decision would determine how much attention he would give to her future. In the end, the desire to remove herself from Mama's and Lydia's influence… and the horror at Caroline's presence… made her decision. She nodded, "When can I go, Papa?" Netherfield Park, early afternoon Caroline walked majestically down the stairs, running her hands lightly down the rail, as she contemplated her bright future. The usual servants bustled around silently, becoming scarce as she was seen descending. If she noticed their avoidance of her person, she wouldn't have cared. After all, servants only existed in her world to accommodate her needs and desires. Otherwise, why should they even enjoy the same air as her? She casually made her way to the sitting room and found it empty. She then looked in the Library, but it was also silent and unoccupied. She was about to invade Charles' office when she was alerted by a light tinkling of the pianoforte keys. Stepping into the music room, she found only Louisa. "Where has everyone gone," she demanded. Louisa turned, "Oh, good day Caroline. Mr. Hurst has ridden into Meryton to seek out his favorite brand of tobacco. It seems that one of the local merchants has surprising connections…" Louisa stopped. She knew that Caroline could not care less about her former brother-in-law's activities. "Charles is at Longbourne, naturally. He could hardly wait for a decent hour to visit his betrothed." Caroline snapped, "But what about Mr. Darcy… and the Colonel?" Louisa braced herself before answering, "Colonel Fitzwilliam needed to return to his military duties. He departed early this morning… and Mr. Darcy was headed to Ramsgate, Kent, to collect Miss Darcy." Caroline frowned darkly, but then it occurred to her that Mr. Darcy would certainly want his sister nearby after they became engaged. She smiled brightly, "Oh, dear Georgianna, how I long to see her! Well, they shouldn't be long away. Perhaps I should instruct Mrs. Wilton to prepare a special room for her." Louisa tensed, but it had to be done. She was irritated that Charles had left this task to her, however, and would give him an earful later. She nodded to a footman, who opened the door and gave a hand signal. Caroline didn't even notice when two other large servants stepped into the room. "Caroline… I'm afraid that you seemed to have forgotten something important." Perplexed, Caroline demanded, "What do you mean?" "You are a Bennet now, not a Bingley. That means that you are no longer the Mistress of Netherfield and cannot continue to act as such. That duty falls to me now… until Charles marries Miss Jane Bennet and she takes over the duties." "Nonsense!" Caroline Barked, "I am still…well I should be… Aaaaahh! If you think that you are just going to toss me out of my rightful spot, then…" The three men moved forward. One stood close enough to intervene if she made a lunge at Louisa. The other two took up station behind her. "No, Caroline, I am not kicking you out of the family. You did that quite emphatically when you unfeelingly celebrated becoming a Bennet and denigrated Charles, me, and especially our true sister Elizabeth in front of both families and our two guest last night. As you so vehemently stated, Caroline, you are no longer shackled to our family." Louisa stood, regal in her firm stance, "You, Miss Caroline, are a Bennet, and to the Bennets you must go." As if on signal, the butler knocked and entered, "The carriage is ready to depart, M'um." Louisa's eyes never left Caroline's, "Very well, Mr. Banks. Please instruct the driver to wait at Longbourn for any further instructions from Mr. Bingley. Miss Bennet, your conveyance is waiting. A travel trunk has already been loaded. The remainder of your things will be delivered before the end of the day." "And where exactly am I supposed to stay? Longbourn only has enough rooms for its current occupants," Caroline was too startled by this turn of events to get her footing. The menace of the three large footman was not lost on her either. "Oh, Miss Bennet, you forget how enthusiastically you endorsed Mrs. Bennet's intentions to evict Miss Elizabeth last night. She would have done so if Mr. Bennet had not intervened. As it is, her room is not your room." Caroline glowered at her former sister. In the past it had been so easy to control this woman. Now there seemed to be new steel in her backbone. "And I suppose that Eliza Bingley will be moved into my rooms here?" "No, Caroline," Louisa answered sadly, "With all of the poison being hurled around by you, Mrs. Bennet, and Miss Lydia last night, we all thought it best to send her away North for a while." "To Aunt Abigail in Shrewsbury! Hah! Let's see how Eliza likes that old hag! Well then, good riddance to all of you! That little chit gets what she deserves and I move up in the world. But know this, Mrs. Hurst: once I am Mrs. Darcy, you may be quite sure that the Darcy's will no longer be maintaining friendships with PEOPLE IN TRADE!" With that final shriek, Caroline wheeled, pushed past a footman, and stormed out of the room. Louisa calmly watched the carriage pull away and summoned Mr. Banks. "Please have all of her things packed and out of here within the hour, Mr. Banks. As of this moment, Miss Caroline Bennet is not welcome here or at any of our properties unless Mr. Hurst, Mr. Bingley, or I specify otherwise." "Yes, Mum. Shall I send the notification to Mrs. Tanner and Mrs. Bromford?" Louisa shook her head, "Only Mrs. Tanner. My husband sent notice to the Hurst properties days ago." She decided not to notice the butler's smirk. Nobody, not even the servants, was happier to be quit of Caroline than Albert Hurst. After the butler departed, Louisa looked out of the window in the direction of Longbourne. As much as she liked Jane Bennet, she almost wished that Charles hadn't proposed. It would be good to be very far away when Caroline finally discovered the truth about… well, just about everything. I wonder if Albert would consider a grand tour of the continent. Longbourne, one hour later Mr. Bennet allowed Fanny to coo over her new daughter until he saw that Caroline was ready to explode. Then he intervened, "Thank you, Mrs. Bennet, for sharing your wisdom with our daughter Caroline. Unfortunately, there are legal arrangements that must be handled today. As you have so often remarked, I could drop dead at any moment. It wouldn't do to leave important matters unresolved." He stood and gestured for both Caroline and Charles Bingley to follow him. They walked out of the front door to find the Bingley carriage still waiting. Charles offered his hand to assist Caroline, but she scoffed and climbed in without aid. Once the two men were seated, Mr. Bingley tapped the roof with his cane and they were off. The trip into Meryton was a short one. It was a sunny day, so the owner of the pub had placed tables outside. Mr. Hurst was seated at one of those tables and he raised his glass in salute with a wide grin on his face as the coach rolled by. Caroline studiously ignored him. They pulled in front of the law offices of Phillips and Barker. This time Mr. Bennet offered his hand to Caroline and she deigned to take it. She had decided that it would be useful to get on this man's good side. In time she would rule Longbourn just as she had Netherfield. Mr. Phillips was a portly man, his height and girth making his large office seem very confined. Mr. Bennet explained his business and Mr. Phillips extracted some documents. If Caroline noticed that these very specific documents were already prepared, she didn't lend the idea any significance. In a matter of minutes Caroline was legally recognized as Caroline Bennet, the second daughter of Henry and Fanny Bennet, and entitled to all that that entailed. She was also asked to legally confirm that she was not related in by blood, by claim, or by obligation, to the Bingley family or any ancestors thereof. Again, she didn't question the oddity of the wording in that document. "Caroline," Mr. Bennet turned to his newly acknowledged daughter. She stiffened at the informal address, but gritted out, "Yes?" "On the matter of your inheritance," he paused when Caroline tensed, then proceeded, "Normally, because you are not yet twenty-one until April of next year, control and trust on this account would fall to me." Again he paused, raising a hand to forestall her protests. "But this is not a normal situation. I must be blunt: I will not last out until April of next year." Caroline, for the first time that day, showed a little humanity and felt sorry for the man. "When I pass, my brother-in-law, Mr. Gardiner, will become my executor. But he is a complete stranger to you, and as such you may not feel comfortable handing over control of such a large amount. "Mr. Bingley and I discussed the issue this morning," Caroline glared at her former brother before returning her attention to Mr. Bennet, "If you wish to do so, he will release your funds to you directly. Now normally such an action would paint you in a bad light as unmarriageable, but as I said, these are unique circumstances." The three men waited as Caroline pondered. It suddenly hit her that she no longer had access to the Bingley accounts. With full access to her own funds, she would be able to buy her trousseau and enjoy herself before her marriage to Mr. Darcy. This reminded her that all of this legal rigmarole was really just a waste of time. Within months she would be Mrs. Darcy, leader of the Ton. "I believe that is the best way to handle things… Mr. Be…" she gritted her teeth and made herself say, "Papa." Mr. Bennet chuckled and shook his head, "Caroline, you've lived your whole life as someone else and I am a complete stranger to you. You do not need to force yourself to call me that. Mr. Bennet is enough." Once the necessary documents were completed, everyone stood. Mr. Phillips reached out a hand to Caroline and smiled, "Welcome to the family, Miss Caroline." Her face turned ashen. Mr. Bennet and Mr. Bingley were both very grateful to whichever gods were watching that Caroline didn't pursue the matter further. Her mind was racing, Even the best families have the occasional bad seed in the family. Mr. Phillips is probably just that. But I will certainly not ask about it with Charles in the coach. He has no need or right to know! Netherfield Park, evening Louisa looked from Charles to Alfred, her expression suddenly hopeful. "Truly? Oh, that would be a relief! I've been having nightmares in the middle of the day thinking about Caroline storming over here murdering us in our beds or burning Netherfield around us. I'll instruct the staff to begin packing right away!" Charles had met with Mr. Bennet originally in the morning to discuss the marriage settlement. After they completed this satisfactorily, they moved on to the issue of Caroline. Mr. Bennet had surprised Charles by proposing that the Netherfield party depart earlier than planned. More importantly, he suggested that they take Jane and Kitty with them. This would give Jane an opportunity to shop for her wedding and her trousseau, and Miss Kitty could help. Propriety demanded that the sisters reside with the Gardiners for now, but Charles and Jane would be able to enjoy time together without Mrs. Bennet and Caroline's constant interference. And best of all for Louisa, she would be separated from Caroline by over twenty miles of road. She determined to work with the staff to ensure that everything was packed up and ready to depart as early as possible in the morning. Longbourne, on the same evening Jane had been able to claim a headache and Kitty "accidentally" twisted an ankle, so they remained behind with Papa when the other three departed for Chester Hall, the residence of the Long family for a card party. Fanny was happy to parade her stylish newfound daughter along, while Lydia had heard a rumor that the militia advance party has arrived early and would be in attendance. Meanwhile, two suddenly recovered sisters quickly packed their belongings so that the footmen could carry them to the stables. They would be held there to tie on the coach when it returned home. Mr. Bennet and Charles had already agreed that passengers would ride in the Bingley carriage and any extra luggage would be loaded in the Bennet carriage. Naturally, Fanny knew none of this. Henry would explain it as urgent business in town which naturally lent itself to wedding shopping as well. Mrs. Bennet would be needed at home for wedding planning. Caroline needed to settle in. Lydia wouldn't wish to leave with the militia marching toward Meryton, perhaps that very moment. Mr. Bennet sighed. It all sounded good, but he expected a storm-front when the two… now three most difficult women in Hertfordshire woke up and found Jane and Kitty gone. London, at one of many small gatherings "… and she writes that they were actually switched at birth, right there at the inn! So now Caroline Bingley is Caroline Bennet, and the other chit is a nobody!" "I can't say that I've ever heard of the name 'Bennet' in our circles either, have any of you?" "No, but based on her letter Mr. Bennet is a country gentleman. He has an large estate named Longbourn, and it has been in the family since William the Conqueror." The third speaker sniffed, "So they've been farmers for a few centuries. I don't see where that really elevates her that much… She is still Caroline, and that is bad enough, regardless of her pedigree." Everyone within hearing range laughed in agreement. Another lady leaned forward to gather as much information as possible. Her eyes drifted to a man who was sitting quietly with the other gentlemen across the room. Their eyes met. They nodded. Five minutes later the couple stood at the entrance of the spacious townhome, waiting for their carriage. They had people to meet before the night grew much older. The girl had been found!
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 16 – In the light of day, Part two Longourne, late morning the following day Henry Bennet sipped his coffee, a drink that Fanny had declared "uncivilized," and therefore his favorite morning drink. He turned the pages of one of his few remaining tomes. Most of the rest had departed with the Bennet coach this morning as it followed the Bingley coach southward towards London. Not only did he want his heir presumptive to not have Jane or Kitty, he did not want the pusillanimous bootlicker to have his books. He had met William Collins only once. The man had attempted to invite himself to Longbourne. Henry had forestalled him through the simple expedient of presenting himself at the man's home of residence, the parsonage at Hunsford. Henry had met the good reverend. Then he had met the man's keeper. He had not been impressed with either. If the man ever read the Bible, it was to prove a point rather than to gain knowledge and guidance. His world revolved around the Word On High as delivered by Lady Catherine De'Bourg. In fact, by the end of the short and yet endless visit, Henry Bennet wondered that the man didn't buy real gold paint so that he could always write her name properly on any document. The man had the audacity to suggest that Mr. Bennets daughters should be made available for inspection so that the great man could choose the best for himself. As Henry exited, he explained in no uncertain terms that he would never marry one of the Bennet girls while he still had breath in his body. Then he had returned to Longbourn and redoubled his efforts to save for his family's uncertain future. He felt some comfort now: his clever Lizzy was gone to find her own destiny, perhaps even as a Duchess or Princess. His bookish Mary was gone, and if he read the Colonel rightly, was probably already betrothed. His beautiful and kind Jane was gone, preparing to marry Mr. Bingley, and now Kitty was gone, carrying legal paperwork transferring guardianship to the Gardiners. Mr. Bennet had no doubt that headstrong Lydia would never submit to a forced marriage to that idiot. And Caroline… well, Caroline would most likely disembowel the man… which might have been fun to watch. Of course, all three remaining ladies might just disembowel him when they awoke this morning. And so he waited. London, Gracechurch Street, noon Mr. Frank Gardiner waited until the Bingley coach had departed and his two nieces had settled into the drawing room to talk with their aunt Madeline before he closed the door to his office and opened the package that Henry Bennet had sent along. He set aside the seven sealed letters tied in a ribbon. He set aside the obvious legal document. He opened the personal letter addressed to him. He read the missive sadly, nodding at certain parts, frowning at others. So it is almost time. Frank Gardiner was six years younger than Fanny and eight years younger than Fiona. When his father died Frank was only seventeen. Henry Bennet had stepped in and had been his support through university and through starting his business. He had stood up with him when he married Madeline. He had bounced each of the Gardiner children on his knee. The man was indolent, and he could have done more to curb Fanny's spending and poor behavior, but the man had tried. There was seldom a more incompatible match than Fanny and Henry. Only a very few knew that Fanny had engineered a compromise to catch the man. Henry had submitted because, quite frankly, Fanny was beautiful. It was a mistake. Neither had been happy since that day. Still, Frank had no illusions about Henry Bennet's worth as a father. Five girls with Fanny as a mother required extra effort, not a man who hid in his bookroom. It was a wonder that one of them had not already brought down a scandal on the entire family! But the man's first stroke had woken him up, even if it left him with a weak and damaged his heart. From that point on Henry had begun investing in Frank's businesses. Henry's backing had allowed Frank to buy his first ship. Now he had seven ships plying the trade of the world. His warehouses were full and teeming with customers. His investments in other enterprises yielded strong returns. The Bennets didn't know it yet, but they were much better off than they ever realized. And in this moment that should be a triumph, the family was tearing apart. Elizabeth was suddenly not even a Bennet. Mary was gone as well, without any contact yet. Jane would marry in less than a month. And Henry had called in his last favor and requested Frank to assume guardianship of Kitty. From what he had noted, something had changed about the girl, so it might not be too bad. Lydia was practically unwelcome in the Gardiner home after her antics on her last visit… Fanny was not much better. The new young lady, Caroline; what would be the end result of that change? According to Henry, she was a carbon copy of Fanny. Jane, who never spoke ill of anybody, would not talk about the girl at all. Kitty merely grimaced at the mention of her new sister's name. Frank broke the seal on the legal document and read it through. All seemed to be in order. Fanny wouldn't be pleased, but it would give her one less mouth to feed. The interest on Kitty's portion would be more than enough to compensate for any costs if she became a burden. At sixteen, she was getting ever-nearer to her presentation. We will hire masters in all of the relevant subjects. Madeline might ask Lady Bridger to help prepare her. Kitty is good with the children, so that will help. Mr. Gardiner expelled a deep breath and put his hand on the bundled letters. Everything is in place, Henry. I will do my best for your family just as you have done for me and mine… and I will miss you, Old Man. Longbourn, at the same hour "Oh, MR. BENNET! You delight in vexing me! You have no compassion on my nerves!" Fanny flopped back on her fainting couch, hand over her forehead, then sat up again, "I should BE THERE to help Jane. How else will she know what to buy!?" "My dear, you know that Jane has a good sense of style. Besides which, Mrs. Gardiner will be able to help her. You are needed here to plan the wedding." "But you sent the carriage to London! How am I supposed to shop, to make visits, to LIVE!" This continued on interminably. Lydia had heard that the militia would be marching in today, so she had departed as soon as she dressed. It disturbed her world a little that Kitty was gone, but that just meant more officers for her! Caroline, on the other hand, was beginning to understand why Eliza used to take so many walks. The woman would never shut up! Caroline had her own set of problems, however. At the card party last night, while she was bragging… extolling on her good fortune… one of those hateful Long girls told her that not only was Mrs. Bennet related to the local solicitor by marriage, but her own brother was in trade! How could somebody forget to say something so important!? Every day that Mr. Darcy delayed in coming to claim her hand was a day that the Ton might discover that she was still related to trade! She needed to get to London and protect her interests, but it might take days for her funds to be released; nothing happened fast in these back-water towns! And now she was alone! Netherfield was shut up! Her former brother and sister were gone! Worse, they took her personal maid with them! Would that woman ever stop screeching!? English Channel He boarded the fast packet that they operated back and forth in the Channel. He had once argued with the captain about his smuggling runs and the danger that they represented to the mission. The man had shoved him against the mast and pressed his knife against his throat. After that Pierre chose not to irritate the man. Thankfully the little sloop was on-hand when he arrived at Ramsgate. They departed on the next tide and were making fast time thus far. He needed to meet with his superiors to decide what to do next. A princess, even of Brittany, would greatly bolster their faction's fight to reestablish the monarchy under their terms. But they wouldn't be the only ones after the girl and time was of the essence. Longbourn, late evening Fanny finally ran out of steam hours ago, only to retire to her bed to continue to scream for Hill and her salts. Henry had weathered it all but the strain was telling. His arm hurt terribly. His mind felt fuzzy. One of his few remaining books, a tattered volume of Cicero, was too blurry for him to read. Sighing, he abandoned the book, rose with great effort, picked up his candle in its holder, and exited the bookroom. He trudged exhaustedly through the dining room and sitting room. Then he started up the stairs. I should have moved my room downstairs years ago, he thought. There was only a single sharp pain, so brief that it was forgotten as soon as it passed, to be replaced by numbness. His face hit the stair, but he only knew it happened. He didn't feel it. His eyes were facing the outside rails, so he saw his lifeless hand drop the candle holder. He saw the candle fall out and roll. He saw it fall over the stair and disappear. Then Henry Bennet saw no more in this present world. oOoOOoOo There are moments in every person's life that test that person. They come at unexpected and unwelcome moments. They often allot the person only seconds to act, to respond, to decide. And often the result is much different than anyone would have predicted. Such a moment came to Caroline Bennet, nee Bingley on the second night of her stay at Longbourn. For the first time in her life she had been at a loss about what to do. She had abandoned her old life, or it had abandoned her. She had hurt or offended everyone that had mattered to her, to the point that now she probably could only count on closed doors. She had sent off multiple letters telling of her ascendance to the ranks of the gentry, only to discover that she had only fooled herself. And now she was all alone in a strange house, completely stripped of her illusions. Later, she wouldn't be able to say if it was the smoke or the noise that had alerted her. One minute she was contemplating her woes. The next minute she was out in the hallway looking at a nightmare. From what she could see, the only exit down the stairs was engulfed in flames. The hall she was in was so filled with smoke that she couldn't see. She could escape out her window, but what of the others? The moment had come for Caroline Bennet. Without any conscious decision she ran to Lydia's room. It was already too late to rescue Mrs. Bennet. She didn't even know where Mr. Bennet slept. But Lydia's room was at the end of the hall and the flames hadn't reached there yet. She knocked first, screaming, then schooled her fuzzy brain and turned the knob. Lydia was sleeping, her room filled with smoke. Caroline shook her, but got no response. Then she slapped the girl and Lydia's eyes flew open. "Fire!" Caroline didn't even recognize her own raspy voice. "We have to escape!" "Mama!" Lydia cried, but Caroline shook her head, "Too late!" Then, in a moment of insight, Caroline stepped over to Lydia's dresser and threw open the drawers. Finding handkerchiefs, she dunked them in the washbasin and handed one to Lydia. Covering her own nose, she cried, "We have to get out!" Lydia pointed to the window, "There's a tree. Kitty and I use it to sneak out!" The window fought Caroline, the smoke having already weakened her. Lydia helped and they tugged until it finally lifted. In that odd burst of character that had so far animated her, Caroline point to Lydia and yelled, "You go first!" Lydia turned, put on leg through, then the other, drinking in the fresh night air as she reached for the tree with both legs and hands. Then she was out. She turned then and reached for Caroline. The older girl suddenly felt a burst of frozen panic, but the flames burst a window on the floor below and she became animated again. Just when she felt about to fall, Lydia's surprisingly strong hand grabbed her and pulled her into the tree. For several minutes the two young survivors gripped each other and the tree, drinking in the fresh air. Then, with trembling limbs, they began to work their way down. They were struggling on the last limbs when strong hands grabbed them and helped them to complete the distance. All reserves of energy were gone now, and Caroline allowed herself to be carried. In the dark she remembered that the man was John… or something like that. John the footman, that was his name. She hoped that the other servants were safe, never questioning such a thought as foreign to her way of thinking. He set her down on a stack of hay in the stables and Mr. Hill did the same with Lydia. Mrs. Hill, tears streaming down her eyes, threw horse blankets across the girls' shoulders. From where they sat they could see men rushing with buckets of water, but it was only to prevent the fire from spreading. Longbourn was gone, and with it, Mr. and Mrs. Bennet. Caroline couldn't understand why she did it at the time, but she cried. She felt another body lean against hers, felt Lydia's wracking sobs as well. And the cold, unfeeling, selfish, and cruel Caroline put her arm over her younger sister's shoulder and held her tight.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 17 – Do not go gently The Phillips home in Meryton, early evening on the following day Archibald Phillips stood on his doorstep to greet the two carriages that pulled to a halt. Mr. Gardiner and Mr. Bingley stepped down first and then helped the ladies down as well. Everyone was in dressed in black, even Mr. Bingley. Jane and Kitty rushed forward, hugged their uncle, and then hurried inside. The Gardiners stepped forward. Mrs. Gardiner gave the man a quick hug, stepped back, nodded, and also went in. Mr. Bingley looked at the size of the house and made a decision, "Don't unpack the carriages. I'll go instruct Mrs. Higgins about opening up Netherfield. I should be back in an hour." The two other men watched the young man swing onto the horse that had been tied behind and ride away. "He's been a great comfort to Jane and Kitty... had everything organized for travelling within an hour." Mr. Gardiner turned back and shook the portly man's hand, "The girls?" "Alive. They didn't get burned, but they inhaled a lot of smoke. Both of them are in bed, coughing horribly. Both have fevers, but Miss Caroline's fever is the worst. Jones said she is still in danger." "And she saved Lydia?" the tale didn't match with what Mr. Gardiner had heard about the young woman, but sometimes a person could surprise the world. "There can be no doubt," Mr. Phillips nodded. "She took care of Lydia afterwards, too. Wouldn't let her out of her sight until they were brought here." He seemed almost proud of the near stranger. "The house? Henry and Fanny? The servants?" "The house is down to a stone skeleton. Mr. and Mrs. Hill and John, that huge footman, got out… The searchers were only able to go in to search the wreckage two hours ago. They found four bodies. The maid, Sally, never got out... they found one body where her corner room would have been. The Hill's saw a wall collapse on Lila the cook when she wnt back in to save her cat. That leaves the Bennets: One body was found on the stairs; that was probably Henry because the other was right where Fanny's room would have been. That part of the house was in flames before the servants or Caroline became aware of it." Frank nodded sadly. He hadn't gotten along with Fanny, but she was still his sister, "Have you sent a message to Mary and Elizabeth?" Mr. Phillips shook his head, "When Caroline was coherent, she said that she thought the girls were sent to Scarborough, but that doesn't seem right according to the hints Henry was dropping. He was being very mysterious about Elizabeth… seemed to be implying that we would all be amazed." He scratched his bald pate. Frank Gardiner shook his head, "That was Henry through and through: always liked to laugh at the world. Well, Mr. Bingley should be back soon, maybe he will know where our girls are." "What about the other ones... Bingley's sister and husband... Mr. and Mrs. Hurst? Seems to me that Caroline might need her sister... this is convoluted." "They agreed to host my children until a friend of our family returns tonight. They should be here by noon tomorrow." He frowned, "I wouldn't have accepted their offer for help had I realized that Miss Caroline was in danger." Archibald Phillips shrugged, "They were both fine when I sent the express. She just kept getting worse as the night wore on… Now, for the other matter: when do we send a message to that Collins man?" The brothers-in-law looked at each other for a long, speaking minute. Finally, Mr. Gardiner responded, "Only after we send for our other nieces and then get paperwork in place delineating what is his and what is not; our nieces being clearly in the latter category." When Mr. Bingley returned, he shocked both men with the address he provided for Elizabeth and Mary. Castle Argon-Bretagne! No wonder Henry was grinning about his big secret! Netherfield Park, four days later An entire entourage of people and conveyances rolled to a stop in front of Netherfield Park early that afternoon. By this point everyone who needed to know had been told something of Elizabeth's lineage, but they were still shocked when three crested carriages and additional service coaches lined the drive. Fitzwilliam Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam had ridden with their fiancées for this last leg of the journey. They knew instinctively that emotions would grow worse as they neared Meryton. Now they stepped out, extended their hands, and helped the two sisters-in-all-but-name down. The young ladies saw the other Bennet girls, less two, and forgetting all decorum, ran to them. While the four girls were crying on each other's shoulders, the rest of the passengers disembarked. Bingley handled the introductions of the Phillips and Gardiners while Darcy and the Colonel introduced the Duke and Duchess of Argon and the Earl and Countess of Matlock, and Miss Georgianna Darcy. Two days before Mr. Bingley had persuaded the Phillips to relocate not only the girls, but also themselves to Netherfield until the girls were well. Lydia was out of bed, but she hadn't left Caroline's side except to sleep and eat for days. Thankfully Caroline's fever had finally broken this very morning. She was sleeping peacefully now and breathing better for the first time. Louisa and Jane, with the help of Kitty, had taken on the job of hosting and they now guided their distinguished guests with grace and dignity. Elizabeth and Mary were both impressed. Kitty escorted Elizabeth and Mary to the room where Caroline lay. Georgianna had elected to visit after the sisters had some time alone. When they quietly entered, Lydia was holding the sleeping lady's hand gently, watching her like a mother. Neither of the newcomers knew what to make of this sudden shift in reality, but they were very grateful for Caroline's heroic actions. Lydia might have been their most troublesome sister, but she was still their sister. Oakham Mount, the following morning Elizabeth stood on the same spot where she had watched the sunrise with Darcy a short time ago… though it felt like years ago now. She looked out over the view that she used to love so much, marred now by the ugly black ruin of what had once been her home. Tears ran down her face and she leaned back into her fiancé's loving arms. Darcy had requested an audience with the Duke on the morning after he confessed his love to Elizabeth. The Duke had approved the idea, but had requested a modification of the timeline. He explained the potential dangers for Elizabeth and her need for the protection of marriage. It truly hadn't taken much persuasion. And then the express had arrived. Frankly, Darcy was becoming quite sick of news coming via express. 1811 was supposed to be a time of peace, after all. He hadn't quite reached her when he saw Elizabeth read the message and pass it to Mary. He just made it to her when she collapsed into his arms in tears. Elizabeth's world had changed so much in such a short time. He wanted to whisk her off now to Pemberley for several years of quiet and solitude. Somehow he doubted that it would all be so easy. For now he could only hold her close as she looked down on the end of one part of her life. "I wish that I had more time to get to know your father," Darcy said, his chin lightly resting on his love's head. "He seemed a very clever but good sort of man." Elizabeth nodded slightly so as not to dislodge her protector, "He was. He belonged in a university lecture hall, not on a farm. His love was books, history, literature, and languages. He barely knew a field of wheat from a field of rye." Another thought cropped up, "She took it remarkably well." Darcy knew who the "she" was. "Which part: that you are Lady Elizabeth, potentially Duchess, or even Princess Elizabeth… or the news of our engagement?" "Choose. I can't imagine what that fire was like, but it changed her. Do you think that it will last?" Darcy didn't have an answer to that question, so he settled for kissing the top of her head. The couple watched a small carriage pull up to the shell of Longbourn. From this distance neither could make out any detail, but they didn't need to. "He has arrived." "Yes. We should head back to Netherfield and get this over with." Netherfield Park, the ballroom It was decided that the ballroom of Netherfield would be the most suitable place for the reading of the will. Nobody, not the Duke and Duchess, not the Earl and Countess, and not Darcy or Richard, were willing to sit out the proceedings. They had no right to be there as they were not named in the will, but Elizabeth and Mary had become too precious to them to send them in alone. Mr. Collins, oblivious to the mourning sisters and family, was preening and complimenting the distinguished attendees until the Duke sternly told him to be silent and be seated. Caroline was carried in by a burly footman. Lydia made sure that she had a blanket and was comfortable and then sat silently next to her. When everyone had taken a seat, Mr. Phillips opened a folder, pulled out a document, and began reading. He was a big man and his voice reverberated sonorously around the room. He quickly toned his voice down and began again. "This is the last will and testament of Henry Bartholomew Bennet, being of sound mind, dated on this tenth day of September, in the year of our Lord Eighteen Eleven. This will was witnessed by Sir William Lucas and Mr. Andrew Long and is legitimate in all parts and particulars. "The first part is, I'm sorry to say, a message to Mrs. Fanny Bennet. As this is unfortunately irrelevant, I shall move on." He paused to allow any objections. There was a sniffle from a tearful Kitty and a cough from Caroline, but no dissent. "To my beloved daughters: Jane, Caroline, Mary, Katherine, and Lydia, and to the one who remains a daughter of my heart, Elizabeth: There are many things that I should have said and done, but what I regret the most is not being a better father to you. I have entrusted Mr. Gardiner with a letter to each of you that speaks my heart. Read these in one month after receipt. I am proud of each of you. "To Mr. Collins, I now turn over to you the estate of Longbourn as specified by the entail established in seventeen-hundred and fifty-six. As you know, mine was the final generation of the entail, so you may enjoy Longbourn without fear of further entail. I hope that you serve it and it serves you well." Mr. Phillips reached into the folder and extracted a survey map. He handed this to Mr. Collins, along with a copy of the deed marked with his name, "Please sign here sir." Mr. Collins, a tall, corpulent man with skinny legs, stepped forward, almost skipping in his delight. He signed with a flourish and then began, "Although it gives me immense pain to celebra… I mean, to mourn the death of my dear, beloved, distinguished cousin, I take upon…" Mr. Gardiner interrupted, "Mr. Collins, this is neither the time nor the place for speeches or theatrics." The reverend regarded the offender with pompous dignity, "I assume, sir, that you are Mr. Gardiner… the tradesman. You are hardly qualified…" Another voice interrupted, "Then perhaps, Reverend Collins, you will listen to me?" The minister turned again, looking somewhat like an apple on two sticks. His mouth worked silently as he tried to compose himself, "… Y… Your Grace!" He bowed at the middle so deeply that everyone was expecting the man to topple over. The Duke of Argon spoke again, "Mr. Phillips, are you done with Mr. Collins at this point in the proceedings?" Mr. Phillips contained a grin and nodded, "Yes we are, Your Grace. Mr. Collins, you have your survey map and your deed. You are now the Master of Longbourn. I also had a set of keys for you, but those… I'm afraid, will be of little use to you. Your portion of this will is concluded. You may leave." Again, Mr. Collins struggled to speak, "But… the manor has been burned… and I'm supposed to marry… and, who's responsible for the fire…?" Mr. Phillips started, "Oh yes, I did forget. Mr. Bennet did take a policy out recently on the estate." Mr. Collins smiled triumphantly until Mr. Phillips continued, "You will need to come to my office to collect the paperwork, but I believe that by now it should have accrued fifteen-hundred pounds." The smile fell. Mr. Collins stood straighter and proclaimed, "Mr. Bennet promised me that I could marry one of his daughters." "He Did Not!" Mr. Gardiner roared, "I have a letter from Mr. Henry Bennet that describes his visit to your parsonage in great detail. Should I read the part where he specifically told you that you will not marry one of his daughters?" Collins squeeked, "But he said 'while I am still breathing'." Three of the girls paled. Elizabeth, Mary, and surprisingly Caroline all glared at the man. Before anyone could assault the idiot, however, Mr. Phillips cleared his throat, "Perhaps I should read one excerpt from the will which, though it is addressed to Mrs. Bennet and the Bennet ladies, does pertain to this matter." He made a show of locating the passage and then, taking full advantage of the nature of the room, read sonorously, "As it will be impossible for me to prevent any of my daughters from marrying the Reverend Mr. Collins after I am dead, I make the following provisions: I have made my own feelings quite clear on this matter, but Mrs. Bennet may attempt to force the issue, Mr. Collins may try to manipulate the issue, or one of my daughters may choose this course of action on her own. "If the first, then Mrs. Bennet shall forfeit any monies coming from this settlement other than her own amount of five-thousand pounds. Should any daughter choose to marry the man, she shall forfeit all monies coming from this settlement. In short, I absolutely and unequivocally forbid any daughter of mine from marrying The Reverend Mr. William Collins. He is entitled by law to take my land, but he shall never have one of my daughters." There were chuckles and giggles around the room. Mr. Collins turned read with mortification. He looked about to speak when the Duke spoke up one more time, "That, Mr. Collins, is your cue to leave. Go... now." Once the man had left and the footmen at the door had ensured that he could not eavesdrop, Mr. Phillips continued, "Thank you, Your Grace. Now, where were we… yes... here we are: When it became apparent that I was decidedly mortal, I finally began doing that which I should have done from the beginning of my marriage. I invested all monies saved each year and those earned through the sale of non-entailed properties with Mr. Gardiner. As I have requested and specified that he be present before the reading of this will, I will leave to him the honor of detailing what those investments have accomplished. "To Elizabeth and Caroline: It was a terrible mistake which separated two babies from their rightful families. I know now that the child of my blood was loved and well taken care of. She is a strong woman and I am sorry that I shall never have the chance to get to know her. To the child of my heart: I wish that I could say that we did as well towards you as the Bingleys did toward Caroline. Sadly, I know that is not true. But I do take one example from Mr. Bingley Sr.: I hereby state that those monies set aside for Elizabeth Bingley, nee Bennet, are hers without fear of contest of revocation. Please note that my witnesses have signed again after the aforewritten statement." Elizabeth spoke up, "Uncle Phillips, I wish to waive all claim…" "Nonsense!" a rough voice barked. All eyes turned to Caroline, who began coughing. When she had control, she said, "He loved you. He wanted you to have it!" Everyone who knew Caroline was surprised by her words. "But I don't need it." "So! Take it and use it for something good," She broke into coughs again, then said in an almost whisper, "At least you deserve it." The two young ladies locked eyes and held, forgetting the rest of the room. There was no hatred or animosity in Caroline's eyes, only regret. Mr. Phillips called attention back to the will, "Mr. Bennet anticipated your refusal, Lady Elizabeth, so he offered a compromise." At her nod, he read, "Elizabeth, I know that you are more stubborn any two men," he paused as everyone laughed and Elizabeth blushed, "…so I offer a compromise: I bequeath to you all of the books of my Library. By the time of this reading, these will have been relocated to Mr. Gardiner's safe-keeping. If you accept these, then you may use the monies designated to you to advance the education of any children of your former sisters as you see fit, male or female. With your love of learning I know that you will execute this trust faithfully." Elizabeth nodded with tears in her eyes. Papa knew her entirely too well. He had made her an offer she could not refuse. "May I proceed, My Lady?" "Yes, please," Darcy took her hand and held it, disregarding any question of propriety. "I do not know the day or the hour of my death, but I feel that it will be soon. It is the custom of our society that children of a deceased parent wear black and refrain from marrying for one full year. As I know that several of my daughters are currently considering or may soon consider matrimony, I make these final requests: First, do not wear mourning, as I believe that it is a ridiculous tradition. Though I always love to laugh at the foibles of men, I will not be here to enjoy this laugh, so please spare me and yourselves. No Black! Not even lavender. "Second: I request that you honor my memory by marrying as planned, without delay or interruption. If you choose at some future date to name a child after me, then you may do so (but absolutely NOT Bartholomew!)" Again, everyone laughed, some with tears in their eyes. "Finally, my dear family, go and live your lives to the fullest. Find someone to love and give it your best. Most importantly of all, love your children the way that I should have." Yours in death, Henry Bartholomew Bennet." Mr. Phillips closed the document and nodded to Mr. Gardiner. He stepped forward and opened his own document. "Henry Bennet made an initial investment of eight-thousand with me. He later sold some land which came to him through another relative, not a part of the entail, for ten-thousand. Through careful management and improvement he managed to improve the yield of Longbourn to between three and four-thousand each year." Elizabeth sat up at this. She had worked with her father to study potential improvements, but had never realized how well they had worked. "He invested everything above two-thousand each year. In addition, he sold several of his treasured books... hand-penned and illustrated works, to a collector for the surprising sum of four-thousand." Those who knew Mr. Bennet well understood the great sacrifice this was. Before marriage the young scholar had travelled Britain and the continent searching out such treasures. "In case anyone is wondering, two of those tomes are now on display at the Royal Museum under glass," Mr. Gardiner furnished, then returned to his task, "The last fifteen years have been highly profitable. With our maritime trade, our warehouses, our factories, and investments in other enterprises, Henry Bennet's share of the return is currently one-hundred and thirteen thousand, which, with the passing of Mrs. Bennet as well, will be divided equally among six children." Everyone stiffened at this. Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy, who had been investing jointly in several ventures, were impressed at the return. Highly profitable was a definite understatement. "Now, I should mention that while these monies belong to you, they are placed in-trust with me until such time as you marry or reach the age of twenty-seven. I encourage you, in fact I hope that you will continue to leave the investments in the company. It will continue to grow and the interest of your share alone would be a nice living. "There is one more investment that Henry made which I don't know how it should be handled: Henry wanted to make sure that Fanny had a place to live, so he purchased a nice home in Brighton. Because Fanny never wrote a will, despite my and Mr. Phillip's prompting, it would normally be sold and the income divided between the five daughters by blood... I apologize, Lady Elizabeth." She waved off the apology as unnecessary. Frank continued, "It it is a very nice home and it would be sad to see it leave the family." Kitty spoke up, "Is it near the ocean, Uncle Gardiner?" "Yes, with a spectacular view. He purchased it from a man who was down on his luck." "Maybe Caroline and Lydia should go there. I think that sea air is supposed to be good for healing." The girls all talked and agreed. For the first time in her life, Caroline truly felt a part of something special. Charles and Louisa, and the Bingley's for that matter, had treated her well but she had always kept them at arm's length. "That is all good," Countess Matlock spoke up, "but before the family disperses to all parts of England, I think that we have a triple wedding to plan." The menfolk suddenly had other places to be. From the desk of LFU: I know, I know. Some of you really wanted to see Caroline and Mrs. Bennet… and possibly Lydia suffer. Sorry, but this has been a part of my story line all along. Don't worry, Caroline and Lydia aren't suddenly going to become poster children for rainbows and unicorns. But they also won't be quite so terrible. I've seen horrible tragedies bring out the best and the worst in people. I always prefer to focus on the "best" side of the equation. At least one person is thinking: "What about granny-the-all-powerful-dowager? Won't she be at the wedding? Surely she can't travel!?" Don't worry, there are more twists to come.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 18 – A Summons to Buckingham House Netherfield, September 20th, 1811 Three men rode their horses up the circular drive of Netherfield Park. Each carried a crucial document in their travel bags. Georgianna was the only person to step out to greet them, which raised some eyebrows. "Sorry that they haven't come out. I'm probably the only one who saw you," Georgianna had recovered well from her adventure. She had also grown in confidence considerably over the past weeks. She called herself "an honorary Bennet," which was ironic to Darcy, who at one time wanted to keep her far away from several of the Bennets. "What is happening?" Colonel Fitzwilliam asked, much concerned. Stable hands walked up to take the mounts. The Colonel offered Miss Darcy his arm and they started up the stairs. "Oh, nothing much… just that the Dowager Duchess coming to Netherfield!" Bingley blanched. Even though he was already entertaining several very powerful peers, the dowager was the stuff of legends. "She's travelling!" Darcy barked, "Isn't that dangerous at her age?" By now the three men and Georgianna had entered the foyer. The current Duchess was there to answer their concerns, "Have you ever known anyone able to keep Grandmother from doing whatever she feels like doing? Don't worry,they are travelling by very light stages. Instead of Inns they are staying each night at one noble's house or another… after all, who wouldn't wish to host her? She has three physicians travelling with her. If, at any point, they fear for her health, they will halt the trip and hold her there." "And she is coming just to see our weddings?" Darcy asked, feeling guilty. "Yes and no. She will stop here for the weddings… By the way, I assume that you all three got your common licenses? Good. Now, she is stopping here, but then proceeding on to London." The Colonel furrowed his brow in concern. He suspected that he knew the reason based upon reports that were sent to him. When the news of Elizabeth reached his superiors, they assigned him the task of protecting her, though he hadn't pass this information on to Darcy or Elizabeth yet. The Duchess continued, "Word has spread about Elizabeth. Various French factions are maneuvering and our own Lords are having private meetings. My husband and I might hold the title, but Grandmother is still the force to be reckoned with. Even the Royals listen to her." Darcy looked around, "Where is Elizabeth now?" The Duchess surprised them by giggling, "She is upstairs with the modiste. I swear, you would think that we are preparing her for execution. That girl hates shopping for dresses, even when we bring the modiste to her." oOoOOoOo "Once again, My Lady," the martinet instructed. Elizabeth glared at the long train before picking it up and returned to her starting position. "Now, the Lady-in-waiting nods, indicating that you should move forward… glide… glide… curtsy… a little lower, now wait! You are announced. The Queen may or may not speak to you… if she asks you a question, you answer succinctly and reverently… she extends her hand. You kiss her ring… you are dismissed. A lady of the court helps you with your train and you step back… and back… and back. Now remember?" "Never look away until I'm out the door. Glide slowly and with dignity," Elizabeth answered wearily. "Is it usual for Her Majesty to ask a question?" "One never knows what to expect. Remember, you are the current mystery. Everyone is talking about you and nobody has seen you yet. Trust me when I say that the Queen loves her gossip just as much as anyone else. Be prepared to answer at least one question… probably several." The Duchess, the Countess, and Mrs. Gardiner stepped into the room. The two sisters had taken an instant liking to the stylish tradesman's wife. The three ladies were together more often than not. It was the Countess who added to the trainer's statement, "Lady Elizabeth, the chances are that she will summon you soon for a private audience. You are, for all practical purposes, the Lost Duchess. She may even consider you a Royal." "That is what I am afraid of," Elizabeth worried. With King George III's Royal Marriages Act of 1772, British royals were forbidden to marry outside of the Royal line. Even if Elizabeth was recognized as a Royal, she might argue that she was not a British royal. But if the King decided to be intransigent, Elizabeth would be helpless to fight it… and Fitzwilliam Darcy was not a Royal. "I miss the days when I was a lowly country gentleman's daughter." "Elizabeth," Mrs. Gardiner responded, "That is the point. You were never a lowly country gentleman's daughter." oOoOOoOo Looking surprisingly spry, the dowager allowed Thomas to hand her out of the massive and well-sprung carriage. Nearly every resident of Netherfield was lined up to greet her. She surveyed them all and shook her head, "If you are all waiting for me to start throwing coins, you will have to wait quite a while." Several laughed. The Duke and the Earl stepped forward, one on each side, and offered their arms. "Two such handsome men, I can hardly contain myself." As they walked, everyone smiled and bowed. The sisters and Georgianna were standing across from each other on either side of the walkway. When the ancient lady reached them she stopped and smiled brightly, "Granddaughter, introduce me to these beautiful ladies. Elizabeth made the introductions. Mary and Georgianna she knew. She smiled appreciatively at Jane, Kitty, Lydia, and Louisa. When Elizabeth introduced Caroline, the dowager extended a frail hand, "Come here, girl." Caroline blanched and stepped forward. Her cough had improved but she still struggled with lethargy, and meeting such a famous person was disconcerting. The dowager took her hand, "My granddaughter wrote about what you did. That was a brave thing, girl. You went through the fire and came out the other side. Now you have the rest of your life to show your true metal. Make the most of it, young lady." Caroline nodded, released the tiny woman's hand, and stepped back. Lydia grinned at her in support. The dowager took Elizabeth's arm instead of the mens', "Now tell me, dear: how are your lessons coming along?" oOoOOoOo They met in the back room of the inn in Meryton, "There is wide-open ground on all sides, sir," the little man explained, "The Duke has men watching all approaches. She never goes anywhere without a full escort." "Then perhaps we could try infiltrating through the servants?" the larger man suggested. A new voice interjected, "I think that would be a bad idea, gentlemen." The men jumped and reached for weapons, but Colonel and his men clubbed them quickly to the ground. "Tie them up. We'll send them to London for interrogation." "That's the third group this week, Colonel," the Major in the disguise of a barkeep worried. Colonel Fitzwilliam nodded, "Yes, and it will only get worse. I'm beginning to look forward to her summons. The major scoffed, "When has a summons from the King ever gone well?" oOoOOoOo Elizabeth was once again escorting the dowager through Netherfield when a strident voice was heard demanding, "A report of the most alarming nature reached me yesterday, Nephew! Though I know it is a scandalous falsehood, I instantly resolved on setting off for this place to have the report universally contradicted." The dowager halted Elizabeth, grinned mischievously at her granddaughter, and raised a finger to her lips to call for silence. "Your coming here will more likely lend credence to any such report, whatever that might be. Perhaps you could explain, Lady Catherine." "The heinous report that you are engaged! This is not to be borne! Darcy, I insist on being satisfied! Have you engaged yourself to some lady by the name of Bennet? A cousin, no less, of my parson?" "No, your ladyship, I have not." "Well, there is a relief! It is high time that you and Anne…" "In fact, I have engaged myself to Lady Elizabeth Bingley, and we will marry in four days." "BINGLEY! The tradesman's daughter who was chasing after you at every turn! Have you lost your senses! You are engaged to my daughter, Anne, and…" "No, Aunt, that was another young lady. This lady is from a distinguished family line. Furthermore, I am not, have never been, nor will I ever be engaged to Anne. I love her as a cousin, but no more. And if you listened to me or your daughter you would have given up this hopeless fantasy years ago." "Have you no respect for your family? Have you no honor? You say this when your mother and I planned your marraige from your very infancy? This match was your mother's favorite wish! And how dare you call this upstart 'Lady'? Who was her mother? Who are her relatives?" "That would be me, Kat," an amused voice interrupted. Lady Katherine wheeled on the speaker and blanched. Darcy's aunt was a tall woman. The dowager was smaller than Elizabeth. There was no contest. To the amazement of the younger pair, Lady Katherine DeBourgh actually curtsied to the dowager. "Now then, niece, come with me while we leave the Princess with Fitzwilliam. Come along." The tall widow walked beside the tiny dowager with absolute submission. Elizabeth held control until the door closed behind them, and then she released a giggle, which turned into a chuckle, which quickly devolved into outright laughter. Darcy was having the same problem, so the pair quickly escaped out of the front entrance where they found Mr. Collins smugly waiting for all to fall at the feet of Lady Catherine. The pair saw him there, shared a look, and laughed uproariously. The parson colored and glared, unsure of what to do. He finally stomped inside to find Lady Catherine. Darcy's laughter died when he saw movement inside the overly gilded barouche that was obviously the DeBourgh carriage. Stepping up to the vehicle he opened the door and said, "Anne?" He turned quickly, telling Elizabeth, "Get a footman! And have Mrs. Higgins prepare a warm room." Hearing the concern and urgency in his voice, Elizabeth rushed to comply. It was the work of minutes to rush the emaciated woman into a room where servants were stoking a fire. Elizabeth showed another maid in with a stack of blankets and saw Darcy's cousin for the first time. Darcy saw her concern, "Anne can't hold food. She has to have a special diet to even live. She isn't supposed to leave the warm house, much less travel all of the way from Kent. What was my aunt thinking!?" "Should I get your aunt and uncle?" "A good idea; yes, could you please find them?" Minutes later both the Earl and the Countess entered the room, followed by Georgianna. When she saw Anne, her cousin rushed forward to hold the shaking woman. Darcy had never seen the Earl so angry. As soon as he knew that Anne was stable, Lord Fitzwilliam stomped out of the room in search of his sister. The rest never heard what was said, though they could hear his roaring voice echoing throughout Netherfield. Thirty minutes later the DeBourgh crested coach left Netherfield. Anne was not in it. "Poor Mr. Bingley," Elizabeth mused, forgetting for the moment that Mr. Bingley was now her brother, "At this rate he should just make the place a hotel." oOoOOoOo The royal summons came the following day. A royal coach and six with a military escort pulled onto the drive late in the afternoon. Elizabeth and Darcy had walked up to Oakham Mount once again. The Colonel, who was near the foyer, recognizing the significance of the arrival and promptly went to the dowager. She gave him rapid instructions and sent him off. While the royal messenger made his entrance many of the inhabitants of Netherfield were moving toward different exits. The Colonel drove his horse up the hill at a breakneck speed, pulling to a rearing halt only when he was close to the couple, "The summons is here! They brought their own carriage to transport you, Lady Elizabeth. The Dowager will keep them occupied, but you both need to hurry." "Hurry where?" Elizabeth asked in alarm. Darcy answered, "To the church. The others will be waiting for us. They've just moved up our wedding date for us!" Suddenly understanding, Elizabeth nodded and allowed the Colonel to lift her up behind Darcy. Once she was safe, Darcy kneed Arion into motion, Richard following rapidly behind. What usually took her an hour to walk was covered in minutes as they hurtled faster than Elizabeth had ever travelled in her life. They passed Lucas Lodge, the shell of Longbourn, and several small farms. And then they were at the church. Elizabeth was surprised to find her sisters, both old and new, waiting for her. The girls rushed her into a side room and quickly helped her change into wedding clothes. By the time they stepped out, the church was full with the Netherfield residents and local neighbors who had approached with curiosity. Elizabeth was pleased to note Charlotte in a pew, seated next to an older man. Darcy produced the common license, the Reverend Simmons cleared his throat, and the ceremony began. In what seemed like forever and only minutes at the same time, Elizabeth was pronounced Lady Elizabeth Darcy. It all seemed impossible until Fitzwilliam leaned down and kissed her soundly. Then it all seemed very real and very right. Again the ladies took Elizabeth into the private room for another quick change, this time into very stylish clothes that a Duchess might wear. Elizabeth hadn't realized that the modiste had finished anything so soon. When she rejoined her husband and they stepped out of the church, the Darcy coach was waiting. She didn't question how people had snuck it out from under watchful eyes. It was here, and that was all that mattered. Elizabeth and Darcy waved to thank everyone. He tapped the roof and they were off. After a minute he pulled the shades down and truly kissed the bride. They worked together to recompose her hair and dress, but it was a close run thing as they pulled up behind the royal entourage. Casually, Darcy stepped out and handed his beautiful wife down. The fancy cavalry officers in decorated uniforms and the men in royal livery watched the couple pass. They walked casually up the stairs, entered the foyer, and approached the nearest staircase. Then they stopped as the dowager's sweet voice called, "Oh, there you two are!" The tiny lady gestured to the handsomely dressed royal courtier, "This is Arthur Damford. He is a the Royal Equerry . He has brought a message for you, dear." The man stepped up, brought his legs together in a form of attention, bowed, and then extended a folded red card. "Their Royal Majesties request your presence, Lady Elizabeth Bingley. We have brought your conveyance with us." Elizabeth took the card, but didn't open it, "It is unfortunate that you arrived so late, Mr. Damford. It is too late to travel tonight. We will offer our hospitality to you and your escorts tonight. We will be ready to depart first thing in the morning." The man nodded acknowledgement, then Elizabeth casually said, "I'm afraid that there is a mistake, though. I am Lady Elizabeth Darcy, not Bingley. You see, I am recently married," she didn't explain how recently, "Which raises the question, of course: Will there be room for my husband or should we provide our own conveyance?" oOoOOoOo Elizabeth Darcy woke in her husband's arms and smiled happily. Whatever the new day might bring, she was happy now. With Darcy's love she could face any challenge, even if it was a Royal challenge. She turned in his arms so that she could study her husband's handsome face. After a thorough examination she casually brushed her hand along his jaw. His eyes opened, a brilliant blue. They drank in her own face. He smiled and she felt weak and powerful at the same time. "Good morning, Mrs. Darcy. The ceremony has been performed. The book was signed. The marriage has been thoroughly consummated. Now all that is left is to placate the King." Elizabeth grinned. "Are you absolutely sure that it has been thoroughly consummated, Mr. Darcy? One can never be too careful about these things." Darcy growled and pulled her close. Buckingham House, London The little country girl walked regally into the waiting area, escorted by her tall, handsome husband. The equerry had been happy to turn them over to the Major Domo and make his escape, perhaps remembering the old saying about killing the messenger. The Major Domo took their names, as if they weren't expected and there on Royal command, and left them to choose whether to sit or stand. Having ridden for hours, even if it was in a well-sprung carriage, they chose to walk the room and examine the paintings. As was Elizabeth's wont in difficult situations, she was finding humor with the various paintings as they strolled. She had almost convinced herself that she was having fun when the Major Domo appeared again and to collect her alone. Darcy squeezed Elizabeth's hand and gave her a reassuring smile; then he had to compose himself as he watched her go. Elizabeth was led past the spacious formal receiving room into a smaller room. The Major Domo lifted his staff once and brought it down softly, "Your Most Gracious Majesties, I present Lady Elizabeth Darcy. Elizabeth's eyes took in her surroundings quickly. The room was quite lavish, but surprisingly tasteful in comparison to the descriptions she had heard of the Prince Regent's residences. There was much to see, but her focus was immediately on the two people seated in elaborate but comfortable-looking chairs near a fireplace with impeccable stonework. The King, George III, looked well considering the ongoing gossip about his health. He was a big man, given to corpulence, though there was gauntness in his face which spoke of prolonged illness. Still, there was iron in his presence. His had not been an easy reign, with troubles abroad, in Great Britain, in his own family, and in his mind, but he had weathered it. Surprisingly, Elizabeth thought that she might come to like the man. Queen Charlotte was rather a plain woman, though she impressed Elizabeth immediately as both regal and intelligent. Few men at the time appreciated her determined interference; in fact many had derided her most cruelly in the drawing rooms of London, but she had held strong. When the family was falling apart with one scandal after another, her husband was lost in his own mind, the various Lords were vying for power, and her eldest son was acting more like a spoiled child than a Prince-Regent, she had held on with both clenched fists. Elizabeth had often wondered about this woman and her strength. Thankful now for her lessons, Elizabeth stopped at the appropriate distance and made her curtsy, "Your Majesties." She was grateful that this was not her formal presentation with that ridiculous dress; instead she was attired in a manner befitting a Duchess without feathers or an over-abundance of lace. She remained in her curtsy, waiting a signal. The King nodded to his Queen, who said, "Rise, child." Elizabeth did as instructed. She stood as regally as her small frame would allow and once again awaited the couple's pleasure. For what seemed an eternity, the King and Queen regarded her with cold precision, and then the Queen's eyes softened and she turned to her husband, "She looks like her namesake the Dowager Duchess, does she not Dear?" The king smiled and nodded, relaxing back and leaning an elbow on one arm of the chair, "Yes, she does my Dear. I wonder if she will be just as difficult?" Queen Charlotte turned back to Elizabeth and answered her husband, "I suspect so. Do you mean to be difficult, Lady Elizabeth Darcy?" A part of her was terrified, ready to dissolve into a puddle of nerves on the royal carpet. But the part that made Elizabeth who she was won out, and with a slight twinkle in her eyes she replied, "Your Majesties, my parents often described me as impertinent. I am afraid that part of my character has become quite fixed." She jumped slightly when His Majesty, the King of England and Great Britain, barked in laughter. Queen Charlotte covered her own mouth, her eyes twinkling in return. Then she signaled to a footman, "Bring Lady Elizabeth a chair." oOoOOoOo Fitzwilliam Darcy paced the room and stared at the door where Elizabeth had disappeared with agitation. Their hasty marriage before the summons had been suggested by the dowager and planned by several co-conspirators, just in case the summons arrived before the scheduled day. At the time Darcy had agreed, but now he was worried; not for himself, but for his bride. Would this act of defiance place her in danger of the King's wrath? Would they set-aside the match, or perhaps even throw her in the Tower? The King could be unpredictable in his ire. Another liveried man, by his apparel far above a footman, stepped into the room, "Please follow me, Sir." Darcy followed, alarmed when the man led him away from the door Elizabeth had entered. They made several turns, and then he was led into an elaborate room and announced. The room was occupied with several guards and a man in purple and ermine. Darcy recognized him immediately from seeing him at several events, but was nevertheless shocked to encounter him here. He bowed to the seated man, "Your Majesty." Louis Stanislaus Xavier, Louis XVIII, King of France in exile, regarded Fitzwilliam Darcy coldly, not aware that his English cousins were doing the same to Lady Elizabeth in another room of the palace. "You are Fitzwilliam Clarence Darcy, son of George Darcy, grandson of Benedict Darcy and the former Regina Argon… and therefore distantly related to the House of Argon. Unlike the House of Tourleon, there is no trace of Royal blood in you, either French or English. Do you not think it rather presumptuous to wed Our cousin?" Fitzwilliam Darcy called upon all of his authority and arrogance to stand straight and reply, "Elizabeth does not think it presumptuous. That is all that matters to me, Your Majesty. She has not been confirmed at this time to any title, nor has she laid claim to any." "But she is, by blood and by divine intention, Royal. In a few months, perhaps a year at best, We will return to our homeland and take back that which is rightfully Ours. The Princess could be a valuable tool in achieving Our aims and restoring order." Darcy bristled at the world tool, but it gave him a thought, "Your Majesty, have you met the Dowager Duchess of Argon?" "We have." "Lady Elizabeth is not only her namesake, but she is the embodiment of all that has made the dowager both loved and feared, Your Majesty. She is not some vapid female. She is extremely intelligent, very brave, and a woman of action as well as decision. In summary, she is formidable. My Elizabeth can potentially be a powerful ally. She may just as easily be an implacable and frightening enemy, Your Majesty. I would rather face a cavalry charge than attempt to force her hand." Louis XVIII considered this for several minutes, and then he smiled, "We suspect that your description of her might also be a fitting description of you, Mr. Darcy." The Palace and Darcy House, London, on that evening After those private meetings, the monarchs and the newlyweds were brought together and the Darcy's found themselves sharing a dinner with several of the most powerful political figures in Europe. Afterwards, they were sent off with friendly farewells and promises of future engagements. It was only after the carriage exited through the gates that Elizabeth collapsed into Darcy's side, "I never want to do that again, Fitzwilliam. Never." Holding his wife tight, he replied, "I'm afraid that we won't have much choice, Princess Elizabeth." Elizabeth punched her husband lightly in the ribs, but snuggled close anyway. They made the rest of the journey to Grosvenor Square and Darcy House in comforting silence. The Duke and Duchess, Earl and Countess, and the Colonel and Mary were waiting for them. All waited tensely as the couple stepped out of their carriage, then relaxed when Elizabeth smiled. "You had us all worried, Cousin, Lady Elizabeth," The Colonel declared. "Mary was already working out a plan to rescue you both from the Tower." From the Desk of LFU: Have any of my readers ever published for Kindle on Amazon? I am seeking advice and guidance. I currently have several stories in the works besides this one and would appreciate any help. Coming next chapter: The Delegation of Bretagne
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 19 – Weddings, Travel Plans, and Conversations AN: In the previous chapter I indicated that this chapter would be "The Delegation from Bretagne." Sorry, but I forgot a couple of little details… like the fact that Mary and Jane were waiting back in Meryton to get married. That will teach me about announcing future chapters. To the guest reviewer Pp: I actually agree with you about the rushed love story. 50,000 words in, it feels to me like time has progressed rapidly. In the story timeline, however, it has only been weeks. After the story is complete, before and if I publish it, I will go back and revise the progress of time. Thanks for the review. Longbourn Church, two days later Two handsome men waited at the front of the church, their eyes fixed down the aisle to the entrance. Charles Bingley was fidgeting; straightening his sleeves, pulling at the bottom of his coat, reaching for his cravat… a throat cleared softly, he met Darcy's stern gaze, and desisted… for the moment. Richard, dressed in his ceremonial regimentals with a chest full of ribbons had turned to stone. Darcy would twit him later, but for now he left his cousin alone for fear the man might shatter into rubble. The church was full to overflowing with Meryton locals and distinguished visitors. Mrs. Phillips had spread the word in her gossip circuit about Henry Bennet's will, his daughters sudden fortunes, and his request for them to set aside mourning. There were dissenting opinions and hushed whispers about tempting fate, but everyone who could attend, did attend. After all, how often did little Meryton see Dukes and Earls? There were even rumors, though most were sure that the idea was ludicrous, that Elizabeth Bennet... or Bingley?... was actually a princess! While some jealous girls denigrated her "pretensions," many others loudly and repeatedly claimed that they "knew it all the time." Darcy was the only groomsman standing up with both men, but the Jane and Mary had insisted on the accompaniment of all of their sisters. Caroline's strength was still poor, so she begged to sit out. They had tried to include Georgianna, but she had insisted on watching instead. They sat both young ladies on the front row. That left the original Bennets. Lydia entered first, then Catherine, and then Elizabeth. Once they took their places, all eyes turned to the back. Uncle Gardiner proudly walked with Jane on his arm. Uncle Phillips just as proudly escorted Mary. Though the men were significantly larger than the young ladies, all eyes were fixed on the two brides. In the past, Mary had always been compared with her older sister and had suffered by comparison. On this day, with her eyes glowing with love for the man waiting for her in regimentals, people finally saw her true beauty. Poor Fanny would have crowed for weeks at the picture the two sisters presented. As it was, the neighborhood did the honors for her. When Reverend Wilson stepped up, one very disgruntled man grumbled. Mr. Collins had tried to insist that, as he was their cousin and enjoyed the patronage of no less than Lady Catherine DeBourgh, that he should perform the ceremony. Naturally, he was ignored. Collins had taken up residence at the inn while trying to determine ways to rebuild Longbourn. Already he had irritated most of Meryton in one way or other, and had offended the his new tenants with his officious treatment. Several were already making overtures to other landowners about relocating. "Who gives these ladies to be brides?" The good reverend asked. In unison, the proud uncles said, "We do." Kissing each niece on the cheek, the two men took their seats. The brides joined their grooms side-by-side as the ceremony began. The words were those always used at that time. There were no noticeable foibles in the proceedings. The men found their voices, as did their brides. There was nothing unusual… but it was all still quite beautiful. Darcy glanced and held his wife's eyes, trying to apologize for the rushed nature of their own wedding. She simply smiled back at him. It was true that everything about their relationship had been like a rushing wind… but she couldn't regret a thing. Looking back, Elizabeth realized that her heart had belonged to him from that first dance. They still had so much to learn about each other, but they would have years to learn. What she did know was that there was only Fitzwilliam Darcy for her. She could not imagine any other. When the good Reverend Wilson said, "You may kiss your bride," Jane and Charles shared an almost shy, chaste kiss. They had indulged in more than one much more enthusiastic kiss during stolen moments, but never in the public eye. Richard was having none of that. He had his Mary bent over his arm, kissing her soundly. Only when both Darcy and the Earl of Matlock cleared their throats did the Colonel desist. Mary, though red-faced, didn't seem offended in the slightest. There were chuckles, sighs, grunts of disapprobation, and giggles throughout the church. Netherfield The wedding breakfast was held in the ballroom. Even there it was so crowded that Mrs. Hurst had other rooms opened to accommodate the overflow. The food was plentiful and well-prepared. The conversations were lively. The good people of Meryton were quite proud to become acquainted with their distinguished visitors, but they were the most in awe of the tiny woman seated in a comfortable chair in one corner of the room. Word had spread about the Dowager Duchess of Argon, along with both fictional and true accounts of her accomplishments over the past three-quarter century. It was like having the Queen pay a visit. After much visiting, Richard and Mary exchanged hugs with the family all-around and headed south to one of his estates near the cliffs of Dover. Charles and Jane climbed into another carriage, repeating the tearful farewells, and headed for a cottage in the Lake District, one of Darcy's properties. And the guests at the breakfast began to dispurse. Darcy bemoaned the fact that he couldn't take Elizabeth on a private honey-month. Although the visit to Buckingham House had gone remarkably well, Elizabeth still had to await the pleasure of His Majesty. Many prominent and powerful people were talking, including representatives of the French Government-in-Exile. With Napoleon surrendered and safely tucked away, steps were already being taken to reclaim France. As Brittany was included in this, Elizabeth's own status was very much in-question. Although Their Majesties had invited Louis XVIII for that meeting, no decision had been made yet on Great Britain's stance toward France. Elizabeth's very existence was a political powder keg. But that was a concern for tomorrow. For today, other sisters were at issue. Georgianna had taken an instant liking to Kitty… who now wished to be known as Catherine. The Countess had invited the two girls to winter in Matlock and the Gardiners had supported the idea. They would be prepared over the next year for their presentations and their first season. Already the Gardiners were committed to visiting Matlock and Pemberley with their children come next spring. Mr. and Mrs. Hill would take over the running of the house in Brighton, newly christened Bennet House. John the footman would also relocate, along with several servants currently serving at Netherfield. That was a surprise to some, as Caroline and Lydia would reside there. There was still skepticism, but both young ladies seemed to be greatly improved. The Earl of Matlock had intended to take Anne home with them, but she had found her voice and requested to join the young ladies at Bennet House. The house was in the town of Brighton, well situated to shopping, entertainment, and the water. It had seven bedrooms besides servants' quarters, and it was modernized with all of the latest amenities. The Earl actually knew the house and the Marquis who had sold it. The man was a drunkard with a gambling problem, so it was no surprise that Henry Bennet had acquired it at a lower price. After much discussion, the assignment of servants with nursing experience, and support from Lady Fitzwilliam, the Earl finally consented. The servants would depart on this very day to begin preparations. The three young ladies would travel by easy steps one week from this date. Mr. and Mrs. Hurst would remain at Netherfield until the three young ladies departed, then they would remove to London. Louisa had been afforded little time to get to know her new sister and she wanted to do so now. Darcy and Elizabeth would also be returning to Darcy House to await decisions from on high, though they had agreed to leave the knocker off of their door and only receive certain guests. They knew that Elizabeth's presence would result in a flood of curious visitors, supplicants, and schemers soon enough. The Duke and Duchess would also be heading to London, or rather their own sprawling home in Westchester, Bretagne House. They would be escorting the dowager there, and the three would work together to promote and protect Elizabeth's interests in the already expanding struggle. oOoOOoOo Dear Readers, it is at this point in the narrative of Elizabeth's history that I must step back and relate three conversations, two of which are germane to an understanding of her future years and the history of the House of Tourleon. The third, which, for the purposes of the narrative will be presented second, did not have any national impact, but it was important to the history of another branch of the family. Please forgive the break in the flow, but the author feels that it is necessary - LFU, The Life and Times of Lady Elizabeth Darcy-Tourleon Due to the sudden arrival of an express announcing the death of Henry Bennet, a discussion of the marriage settlement between Fitzwilliam Darcy and Lady Elizabeth Bingley was postponed until they arrived in Meryton. On the day after the reading of the will, the Duke, Duchess, Dowager and the engaged couple sat together in the library of Netherfield. Darcy presented his own document, detailing the significant family holdings. Along with Pemberley and Darcy House, he owned smaller estates in England, Scotland, and Ireland, "cottages" in Ramsgate and the Lake District, and investments in several lucrative enterprises. Elizabeth remembered Mrs. Bennet's proclamation that Darcy had "ten-thousand a year!"… she hadn't even been close. Darcy was going to propose a settlement on Elizabeth, but the Duke forestalled him. "Before we discuss that, it is time that we list Elizabeth's assets and holdings." The smaller man opened a folder and began, "First, there is the matter of Elizabeth's share of the Bennet settlement. This amounts to almost 19,000, which, per the settlement, she may use as she chooses toward the betterment of her sisters' offspring. Now, concerning what passes to you by blood right: Elizabeth, I believe that you know that know the story of Geoffrey and Isolde moving their wealth to England for safekeeping?" Elizabeth nodded and the Duke slide a paper across to her, "Those assets were placed in my father's hands when Geoffrey grew too ill to manage them. The responsibility passed to me when I became Duke." Elizabeth's eyes grew huge as she read the numbers. She stared for a minute, and then slid the paper over to Darcy. The Duke smirked, "What you must understand is that, at the time in question, Isolde had almost sole control of the Tourleon family wealth along with her own fortune. Not wishing it to fall into other hands, she sent it, in its entirety, to England. That is your inheritance, regardless of any Royal or Parliamentary decisions here or in France concerning to other entailed estates. "To summarize: you own properties in England, Scotland, and Lower Canada in the Americas that currently yield twenty-thousand per year. That is their annual yield, not their actual property were un-entailed properties in what is now the United States and in France, but those governments nationalized the properties. There were also plantations in the West Indies, but Isolde sold those early in their marriage. In addition, by savings and investments, your monetary assets exceed two-hundred thousand. This does not include heirloom jewelry, including several crowns once worn by the Kings and Queens of Caerleon and Brittany. I will not even venture to place a value on that collection." Elizabeth's hands trembled on the table and Darcy took them both into his. The dowager, who had taken a seat on the other side of Elizabeth, also placed a gentle hand on the cluster. The Duke, concerned, asked, "Should we wait to go over the rest?" Elizabeth shook her head and found her voice, "No… Uncle James… please continue." "Very well. As you know, the Rutland Earldom and all its properties passed laterally to my brother Alexander. I have already listed the one un-entailed estate which passed to you. Now we must discuss the entailed assets of the House of Tourleon. Did Fitzwilliam explain exactly what the Caerleon province included?" Elizabeth shook her head . "Caerleon once controlled one-third of all Brittany. Through various settlements, wars, marriages, and such, that was reduced considerably. After being absorbed by France, the actual properties belonging to the Dukedom had been reduced by half…" He extracted a map from the folder, with the Caerleon holdings marked in red. The size was still very significant. "I know from talking to you the Mr. Bennet educated you remarkably well on history, so you know of the blood ties between the Welsh and the Bretons. In Wales there is town named Caerleon, near Newport. "If the crown acknowledges your title, then the property in Wales falls to you. Personally, I find the Welsh to be just as troublesome as the Bretons, so I recommend that you turn it over and have done with it. The property in Brittany, so long as it remains French, is most likely lost to you as well… though they may try to use it as a carrot to pull you into their camp… once again, I recommend against it. There was a very profitable winery in Italy, but that has been nationalized as well. "Now, the House of Tourleon has entailed properties in England and Scotland." He slid another sheet across, delineating those properties. "If your title is acknowledged, these will become yours. If not, the title and properties listed will almost certainly go to your firstborn son." The couple read the details and figures in amazement. Elizabeth remembered that day when her Papa had escorted her to Longbourn Chapel to learn the truth about her true identity. At the time she had an inkling that she might be a little wealthy. Now the reality had finally setting in. She was, quite probably, one of the wealthiest women in England. "I think… I think that I'm going to become sick. If you'll excuse me…" And she rushed out of the room. Darcy made to rise and follow, but the dowager reached out and stopped him. "Give her a little time, Fitzwilliam. Let her sort it through and she'll find her balance. I know that you want to support her, but she'll also have to find her own strength to weather the storms that are coming." The second conversation took place immediately afterward. Elizabeth reached the stairs and realized that she wasn't going to make it to her room. Going through the corridor leading to the rear of Netherfield, she hurried out onto a balcony overlooking the decorative rose garden. As soon as she reached the rail, she vomited. When the heaves finally stopped, a voice behind her said, "Well, that was disgusting Lady Elizabeth. Then again, what can we expect from a country nobody?" Elizabeth turned to find herself looking into Caroline's mocking face. The tall sandy-blonde woman was resting in a chair, wrapped in blankets. Elizabeth wiped her mouth with a handkerchief, embarrassed but not overly concerned. She didn't know what to make of the new Caroline. As if reading her mind, Caroline smirked, "You probably thought that I had somehow turned into another Jane or Kitty, didn't you?" Caroline looked out over the garden, but not truly seeing. "Perhaps I have, somewhat. But I still don't like you, Elizabeth Bingley, and I doubt that I ever will." Oddly enough, this confrontation helped to restore Elizabeth's equilibrium, "Maybe not. I still wish to thank you…" "Don't," Caroline interrupted sharply, "I didn't do it for you. Lydia is my sister, not yours. All that I did was save a member of my family… almost all of the family that I have left." They both looked out over the garden, the fields, stone walls, and hedgerows. After a while Caroline scoffed, "Lady Elizabeth, Duchess Elizabeth, Princess Elizabeth… it all seems ridiculous." Elizabeth nodded. Truthfully, she had to agree. Caroline said morosely, "It doesn't matter what I do, how much I learn, how many accomplishments I have, or who I know… here in England I will always wear the stink of trade." "Uncle Gardiner is one of the best men I have ever met, Caroline. From what I've been told, Mr. Bingley Sr. was a good man too. They worked hard their entire lives and brought honor to their families. That is nothing to be ashamed of." After a long pause, Caroline replied without rancor, "You might be surprised to hear that I agree. Look at that idiot Mr. Collins. Suddenly, because he owns property that he never worked for or earned, he is a gentleman while truly good men like Mr. Gardiner and my… your father are still mocked. I've spent years trying to be worthy of people who I mostly despise. Perhaps the French had it right after all." "France is a mess, a very dangerous mess," Elizabeth replied. Then she turned to Caroline, "But what do you think about Scotland or Ireland?" The final results of this conversation and the resolutions that were made by these two pseudo-enemies will be revealed at a later time. Lucas Lodge, the day after the double wedding The third conversation that was promised took place at Lucas Lodge the day after Jane and Mary's weddings. Elizabeth had received an invitation from her dearest friend to enjoy a private tea at Lucas Lodge. Darcy had gone into Meryton to discuss business with Mr. Phillips, was pleased with the chance to visit Lucas Lodge. As usual, she had an escort from the Colonel's men, but they stopped outside and were contented to enjoy the mid-morning sun. Elizabeth was expecting to see the entire Lucas family, but only Charlotte was waiting to greet her. The ladies hugged, and then Charlotte, looking slightly sheepish, said, "First of all, I wanted to tell you that I am engaged!" Elizabeth grinned and hugged her friend enthusiastically. "Who is he? Oh, the man you were with at my wedding! He was handsome! Tell me about him: What's his name? Where is he from?" As Elizabeth was asking these questions, they were walking to the sitting room. Charlotte took a deep breath and then said, "I need you to trust me, Eliza. He's a really good man and he just wanted the chance to talk with you." A shiver ran up Elizabeth's spine as she stepped into the sitting room, saw Charlotte's fiancé, and heard the door shut behind her. She turned and found two other men blocking the door. Then she looked back and forth between Charlotte and the man seated in a chair. "Please, Princess; my dear Charlotte is telling the truth. We only wanted a chance to speak to you… and this was the only way."
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 20 – The Delegation from Bretagne AN: Thank you to MissPhryneFisher for pointing out the huge error in my flashbacks: I had Elizabeth meeting Charlotte's fiancé before her wedding, which, if you read this chapter, can't make sense. I hop all if fixed now. As very few people know of the struggles within Bretagne, or Brittany, I want to take a moment to elucidate: The Bretons were always a proud and strong people, much like the Welsh, who did not wish to be controlled by other powers. They were experts at guerrilla operations in the past, having used them against the Gauls, the Goths, the Romans, the Saxons, the Normans, and the French. Although they were now at peace and had been deemed a part of France since the fifteen-hundreds, they were considered lesser by the French in the same way that Native Americans have suffered in the U.S. Lucas Lodge A shiver ran up Elizabeth's spine as she stepped into the sitting room, saw Charlotte's fiancé, and heard the door shut behind her. She turned and found two other men blocking the door. Then she looked back and forth between Charlotte and the man seated in a chair. "Please, Princess; my dear Charlotte is telling the truth. We only wanted a chance to speak to you… and this was the only way." "If you wished to speak with me, then you should have approached me legitimately," Elizabeth answered coldly. "Anything that you might have to say to me has already lost any credibility due to your methods." The man nodded with a mask of remorse, "Probably true, but you see, if I did attempt to approach you in the open, I and my men would have been seized. And if you were able to meet with me and it became known to either the Exile or the British Royals… or your friend in Army Intelligence for that matter, then your own ascendance might have been damaged." He brought his hands out to either side and... ironically… gave a very Gallic shrug. "But I will demonstrate my good faith, Your Highness. If you choose to call for the Colonel's men right now, neither I nor my men will stop you. We will most certainly be seized and taken away. If Louis or his brother Charles hears of our captivity, we will likely never be heard from again. So then, My Princess, you must choose." Elizabeth regarded the man, measuring him and weighing her options. Then she walked over to a chair and gracefully took a seat. "I will speak with you alone. " The man nodded and made a gesture. The two guards stepped out. Charlotte hesitated, but Elizabeth never looked her way and the man simply gave her a smile. She left as well. Elizabeth studied the man. He was not tall, but he was powerfully built. He was not overly handsome but he had a charisma that made him seem handsome. He wore neither beard nor mustache, but already at this time of the morning his jaw, chin, and lip had a shadow. His eyes seemed to communicate sincerity. "Are you using Charlotte?" Elizabeth demanded with steel in her tone. The man smiled, "No, Princess. I came to England as soon as I received notice of your existence. We did not know where to look for you, so we began here. As it happened, I was thrown from my horse and injured. My Charlotte found me and helped me. She was everything gracious and kind. I am afraid that I have not known much kindness in recent years. We spoke often after that. She is intelligent and her care touched my heart. I proposed. She accepted. I have not lied to her. She knows who I am and why I am here." "Who, exactly, are you? And please stop addressing me as Your Highness or Princess. I have not been confirmed as either." "Oh, but we care nothing for either the French or the British approval, Princess Tourleon. Nevertheless, out of the deepest reverence and respect, I shall comply. My name Deniel Padrig eMael, Lady Elizabeth, and as my surname implies, my family served the Tourleon, Gwened, and Veneti royal families since before the time of the Crusades. We served as bodyguards, as captains, and as generals. And we continue to protect our people even now, though we are forced to do so from the shadows." "And why are you here now?" Elizabeth felt totally out of her element. Still, there was a sincerity in the man which spoke to her. He didn't mean her harm… but were his purposes in line with hers? Did she even have any purposes? "In perhaps less than a month, your government will make a decision concerning you. We have remarkably good sources both here and in France, Pr… Lady Elizabeth. I will tell you that, had you not married as you did, the Royalist faction under Louis would have tried to marry you to one of his line. His return to power is not as certain as he would like others to think. He is sickly and his brother Charles will be a martinet. "There was also the strong possibility of your English king trying similar measures. Brittany is a rich prize and England is currently in a position of power. They wouldn't mind adding our territory to their control. It would certainly please your Duke of Wellington to have a permanent foothold on the continent for future necessities. "As it is, the King of England has accepted your marriage to Mr. Darcy. But neither monarch likes to be thwarted. I fear that they will extract a price for your willful actions, Lady Elizabeth, though I don't know what it will be yet. Nevertheless, we believe that Louis will offer you the title of Princess of Brittany if you will make certain concessions." "And those are?" "Fealty to the House of Bourbon, to begin with; they would ask for more and more concessions later. They wish to use you as a figurehead, a bludgeon to ensure that we troublesome Bretons behave ourselves. In return they will most likely restore your lands and then some. You will be rich and petted and paraded in the French court if you so desire." "What makes you think that I do not desire those things?" The man grinned, "Your very first question was about my relationship with your friend Charlotte. A greedy, self-centered monarch would never have thought of such a question. It certainly wouldn't have been her first concern." "And what is it that you desire of me, Mr. eMael?" "Simply this: Do not take the bait, Your Highness. At first it might seem that your ascendance will help your people. But it will only be as before. They will use you to control us. They will keep your children as pampered hostages of Paris. And within two generations nobody will recognize a Darcy from an Oleans." Elizabeth pondered this for a time, and then nodded. "I will think on this and I will speak with my husband." She stood, and the man stood as well. She turned to go, then stopped at the door, "Please tell Charlotte that I will expect her to tea at Netherfield at the traditional morning hour tomorrow, Mr. eMael. And please inform her that my tea will have no surprises." She paused once more, "You have made a judgment about me based upon my first question. I will now make a judgment about you based upon your request. I believe that you are the man of honor that you proclaim yourself to be. "That being said, if you wish to communicate with me further, please do so through Charlotte." (Note: Mael means King. eMael = vassal to the king. If I understand this correctly, it designated a man in whom the king had absolute trust) End of flashbacks Netherfield Park Elizabeth hugged her former youngest sister goodbye. The past weeks had helped to restore much of Lydia's liveliness, though she continued to be more circumspect than before. Whether from gratefulness or for some other reason, she had taken to Caroline and was loyal to her. Elizabeth only hoped that Caroline would prove worthy of such devotion. Caroline simply nodded at Elizabeth and Darcy and boarded the coach. The conclusion of their balcony conversation had interesting possibilities for the future, but that would have to wait. Anne was a little healthier now, but they would transport her in a separate carriage with attendant nurses and travel at a slower pace. Still, the doctor thought that Brighton would be good for her. The Earl of Matlock, her uncle, had a bank of lawyers looking at her inheritance to protect it from any reprisals. Lady Catherine had twice demanded Anne's return, but refused to communicate with anyone else in the family. Now only the Hursts and the Darcys remained. Their coaches were packed. Mrs. Higgins had her instructions to operate Netherfield Park as usual in anticipation of the Bingley's return. All that was left was departure. After so much had happened in such a little time, Elizabeth felt a little bewildered. She gazed in the direction where Longbourn had been, and sighed. Meryton would never be her home again. It was time to go. Darcy House On somedays if felt like they were under siege. If the servants at Darcy House hadn't been so loyal, they might have quit by now. Even before visiting hours in the mornings, all day, and long past visiting hours at night people continued to call. They wanted to be the first to catch a glimpse of the mysterious Lady Elizabeth. They wanted to take her measure, to ingratiate themselves to her, to find fault with her. They would not let her be. She had already had to change modistes when it was discovered that their first choice was selling information about her. It cost the woman dearly, as Elizabeth needed to be fitted out as befitted a duchess; and not just any duchess, but a duchess who might regularly attend the Queen. Even with the help of the Duchess, Louisa, and Mrs. Gardiner, the task was daunting. By the end of a month, Elizabeth never wanted to see another stick-pin again. Added to this, Elizabeth had been visited by representatives of the Prime Minister, the Exchequer (taxes, of course), and the Office of Heraldry. She was questioned, her neck was checked, her childhood memories and political thoughts discussed. She didn't know what they were hoping to find. The most annoying facet in all of this for Elizabeth was the almost dismissive way they addressed her husband. Fitzwilliam claimed not to care, but she had seen her proud husband stiffen in anger more than once. She did her best to sooth him once they were finally alone each night. Though he claimed not to need soothing, he certainly didn't object to her methods. Finally, the official visits ceased. The silence that followed was pleasant at first, but as the weeks drew on, Elizabeth began to become more and more agitated. Now it was Darcy's turn to soothe, a task that he took on with a dedication bordering on the heroic. On the sixth day of November, the year of Our Lord Eighteen and Eleven, the Royal Equerry arrived at the door. The Darcy's would be collected by Royal carriage at Noon on the morrow, to travel to Saint James Palace for the official findings. From the desk of LFU: Sorry for the expository chapter. It was necessary. BTW, Charlotte is forgiven, but Elizabeth may never trust her the same again. A guest reviewer pointed out that the Royal Marriages Act only applied to the family of King George III and beyond. You are correct and I did know that. What I obviously didn't communicate well was how it might affect Princess Elizabeth: Georgie was irritated with his family (Aunts, Uncles, Cousins, his own children) because so many of them were marrying non-royals. The problem was that there weren't all that many royals to be had. The French royalty were either missing their heads or in exile. Marriage to the Spanish royals often resulted in them trying to control the non-Spanish partner (history is replete with instances of this), the Italian, Genoese, and Neopolitan lines were so convoluted… not to mention that George didn't care for the whole lot. The royalty of Denmark, possible. The Russians were an option, but Peter was a very ambitious man… and if any of those royals were going to marry, they wanted to marry the person who would be the next king, not the second cousin twice removed. So Princess Elizabeth would have represented an opportunity to marry off one of his more worthy relatives and possibly lay the groundwork for future repatriation of the land of Brittany. I hope that this explains my premise a little better? Sorry for the confusion.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Chapter 21 – The Decision of the Court AN: In chapters 19 and 20 I made a major and confusing mistake with the timeline for the meeting with eMael: was it before or after Elizabeth's marriage.?A lot of reviewers notified me, for which I am grateful. I corrected the mistake, missed a few references, and had to edit twice more before it was all corrected (I hope). Now the meeting took place after they married and returned from London. Thank you to everyone who caught the errors and let me know. Saint James Palace For many years, Saint James Palace had been the seat of the British monarchy, until King George III acquired Buckingham House in 1761. Even if the residence of the Royals had been relocated, Saint James palace remained the location for most official ceremonies, Royal balls, and such. So it was to the side of this structure that the Royal carriage pulled to a stop. Elizabeth had been briefed to expect this: Although she was now addressed as Lady Elizabeth, until official sanction was given, she would enter through the Commoner's Entrance. Depending upon the outcome of today's meeting, she might depart in the same manner or leave by the front entrance… or be escorted to the Tower for that matter. Nothing was certain. There were many people milling about in full court dress. Powdered wigs were falling out of fashion in society, but at court they were still common, if not expected. Thankfully they were less expected for women. Elizabeth's hair had been very deliberately piled high on her head in a striking and attractive style so that her long, slender neck was fully exposed. Of course this also put her hereditary birthmark on proud display. People watched now as the tall, handsome, and proud Fitzwilliam Darcy escorted his petite, beautiful wife, Lady Elizabeth Darcy, through the corridors, following the Equerry, until they stopped at a set of gilded double doors guarded by two very stern, still soldiers in ceremonial dress*. The equerry announced his charges. One of the soldiers tapped once on the door. The door opened and another man in full regalia examined both the Equerry and the Darcys. Finally the doors opened and they all stepped in. Although Elizabeth had been told what to expect, it was still daunting to step into a large, square room filled with people dressed for Royal Review. They were all arrayed around the room on three sides, the fourth being empty except for the King and Queen on their thrones, along with several family members and their attendants. Elizabeth saw her Ducal aunt and uncle who, like everyone else, did not smile. Then she spotted her ancient, tiny, and regal great-great-grandmother… who, in defiance of the rest of the room, did smile. It was all very daunting, but the most daunting of all was the single low-backed chair sitting alone in the middle of the room. Darcy gave Elizabeth's hand a kiss and then stepped back. The Equerry offered his own arm, Elizabeth took it, and she was led to the chair. She stepped in front of it and curtsied to the King and Queen. The King gave her a regal nod and gestured to the chair. With nothing else to do, Elizabeth sat. "Before God and Man, I the Duke of Argon, Earl of Covington, and Baron of Fingal do recognize and affirm that this person, Lady Elizabeth Darcy, nee Bingley, is the rightful daughter of Charles and Lady Genevieve Bingley, the granddaughter of Lord Hargrave and Lady Isabella Hargrave, nee Argon, the Earl and Countess of Warwick, and the great-granddaughter of Geoffrey Argon, Lord Clarence, the Earl of Rutland and Lady Isolde Argon, nee Tourleon." The Duke paused for significance and then proceeded, "As the only surviving and direct descendent of Lady Isolde Tourleon, she is the sole heir of the body, and therefore, in fact and by law, the rightful heir to all that belongs to that name. All monies, valuables, and properties held independently by the House of Argon in trust pass to her without dispute. All properties and titles belonging to the House of Tourleon should now also pass to her as is her right through matrilineal succession and by primogeniture." Lord Barkley, the representative from the Office of Heraldry, was a foppish dandy who looked like he would have been more at home in the French court of a century before. He stepped forward to where Elizabeth sat alone in a low-backed chair in the center of the room. He walked around Elizabeth carefully examining every feature carefully. He lingered a little too long on Elizabeth's décolletage, causing her to color slightly. On the side of the room Lady Matlock, who had appeared with her husband to stand beside Darcy, quickly reached over and squeezed his hand to quell his rising anger. The man moved stepped over to a little table nearby, lifted the portrait of Genevieve and studied it. Then he lifted the second picture, that of the Princess of Brittany curtsying to the French King. He took this painting and walked with it to stand behind Elizabeth. Again he compared the two. Then he stepped back, replaced the painting on the table, and adopted a dramatic pose. "As the chosen representative of the Office of Heraldry, the House of Lords, and their Royal Majesties, I, Lord Barkley, the Earl of Dartmore, do confirm that this person is Lady Elizabeth Darcy, nee Bingley and that, by the testimonies of all relevant family members of the House of Argon, she is the rightful heir of all that belongs to that distinction…" another long, dramatic pause, "I also affirm that, as the only surviving heir of the blood of Lady Isolde Argon, nee Tourleon, she is the rightful heir of all titles, lands, and privileges assigned to the House of Tourleon through English provenance." Again, he paused, "However, as it concerns the House of Lords, we are also cognizant of the unusual nature of Lady Elizabeth's upbringing. With that in mind, we do not feel that Lady Elizabeth has received the proper training required to prepare her for the duties and privileges of a Duchess of the Realm," though there were several gasps, most of those in the room had anticipated this pronouncement, "Therefore, through matrilineal succession, the firstborn son of Lady Elizabeth shall be titled the Duke of Caerleon, and his eldest son shall be the Marquis Tourleon. Should Lady Elizabeth have no male heirs, the title shall continue with her daughters and remain in abeyance until male heirs are presented. As Lady Elizabeth is now a present member of the House of Argon, the training of said heirs shall be assigned to that House. Although she shall not herself hold the title, she shall now and for always be addressed as Lady Elizabeth Darcy." The spectators and family nodded and began to speak about the rightness of these decisions, but the foppish earl was not finished. He cleared his throat loudly and the room fell silent, "The House of Tourleon has enjoyed a unique and distinctive place in Europe for many centuries. Despite the fact that the self-styled Republic of France has chosen to abolish all patents and titles, including those of Brittany, the fact remains that the House of Tourleon is a noble house with numerous instances of Royal connection. Despite the unfortunate connection of her father, Charles Bingley, Lady Elizabeth is, by the force of generations of distinguished ancestry, both noble and Royal. As such, and should she choose to do so, Lady Elizabeth Bingley may choose to re-assume the title 'Princess Tourleon' with all appropriate recognition and honors." The family tensed. The spectators waited with baited breath. Lady Elizabeth looked into the faces of the King and Queen, and then found her husband at the forefront of the crowd. For a long moment of silence she looked into Fitzwilliam Darcy's eyes… and then she smiled slightly and returned her attention back to the King and Queen. "I, Lady Elizabeth Darcy, Matriarch of the House of Tourleon, choose to decline the title of Princess." The King remained still, but Queen Charlotte nodded. oOoOOoOo The thought occurred to Elizabeth as her handsome husband partnered her for the minuet that she could now share an experience with Sir William Lucas. That thought led to another thought: Charlotte. The resulting little frown drew her husband's attention. "What troubles you, My Lady?" Elizabeth smiled at his teasing use of address. "I'm just worried about Charlotte." Darcy had been much less forgiving of Charlotte when his wife had told him about the forced meeting. He had nightmares for days about what could have happened. "She made her choices, Elizabeth. She will have to live with them." "I believe that he is a good man, Fitzwilliam," they had debated this several times. Elizabeth refused to inform anyone, even the Colonel, about the meeting. Not only that, but she didn't deny the possibility of future interaction. Like it or not, she was, by force of history, a political figure. Her actions and attitudes now had the ability to affect change, or cause harm. Charlotte had married quietly from her home while Elizabeth was in London. To the best of Elizabeth's knowledge, Charlotte had already left English soil. "Only time will tell. Just promise me that you will be careful. Not only do you have power now, but you will be watched and held accountable," Darcy once again reminded her. Elizabeth sighed and nodded. Many in the receiving chamber naturally concluded that it was as punishment for her defiant marriage to Mr. Darcy when Elizabeth had been denied the title of Duchess. In truth, the dowager had engineered the decision. Many years ago, when Princess Charlotte was first brought to be wedded to King George, British society had cruelly ridiculed her looks, her accent, and her intelligence. A few powerful women had stepped in to shield and support her… one of these had been the Duchess of Argon. Now the dowager, she still retained Queen Charlotte's loving gratitude. The two powerful women had spoken together concerning the case of Lady Elizabeth. With the uncertain future of France, the exiled French Court, and all of the other shadow factions, the dowager had argued that it would be better if the world perceived the young Elizabeth as powerless. It was the least that they could do to protect Lady Elizabeth from Machiavellian schemes. She and her family were now elevated to a different level, but at least there would be time to see how the French situation played out. Now the tiny dowager sat beside the sturdy queen and watched the handsome couple dance. They smiled when the King stepped up to claim Elizabeth's next dance. The Queen turned to her dear friend, "I remember when George was quite taken with you, Elizabeth. If you hadn't been married and decidedly loyal to your Duke, I might have been concerned." The dowager scoffed, "I was forty if I was a day, Your Majesty." "But you were and still are ageless," The Queen was nostalgic, "When I first saw her, it was like seeing you all over again. Did we make a mistake not giving her the title?" "That pair won't need a title to be powerful, my dear friend. The Darcy name will be a force to be reckoned with in this new century. It will be their turn now." A boisterous laugh was heard and everyone recognized the voice of the King of Great Britain. All eyes in the room were on the beautiful young woman with sparkling eyes who was, almost certainly, contemplating another impertinent remark. They would have been amazed if they had ever heard that Mrs. Bennet often and publically called her a "nobody". The Queen smiled, "Yes, she will be quite formidable." The End But don't worry, there will be several epilogues. From the Desk of LFU: Thank you to guest Karen1220for your informative review. Although I had read this in the past, it entirely slipped my mind for this story. Rather than paraphrase you, I will quote you entirely here. If you mind, please let me know and it will be removed. "Don't forget the Act of Settlement of 1689. No Catholic nor anyone married to a Catholic could inherit the British Throne. That eliminated a lot of the royal houses of Europe as sources of marriage partners. When you see the family tree of how George I inherited, it is a very truncated version of the descendants of the House of Stuart. There were 50 people more closely related to the British Stuarts who were eliminated from inheriting because they were Catholic. The Royal Marriages Act requires any descendant of George II (not III) to obtain the monarch's approval of their marriage or lose his or her place in the succession. When Ernst of Hanover was preparing to marry Caroline of Monaco, he formally sought the approval of Queen Elizabeth II, even though marrying the Catholic Caroline would take him out of the succession. Of course, he was several hundred places away from inheriting the Throne of the United Kingdom ." – Karen1220
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Epilogue 1 – Jane, the woman of steel Netherfield Park, January "And that is why my man John has decided that we needs to move on, Mrs. Bingley," the careworn tenant's wife wrung her hands, her tea forgotten. Jane was incensed, but not at the Carters. The Carters had been faithful tenants of Longbourn since time out of mind. No, she was furious with Mr. William Collins. The young woman who always wanted to see the best in everyone was finally seeing the reality of the "good reverend." Jane, Elizabeth, Mary, and to a lesser extent their younger sisters had taken on the care of the Longbourn tenant families as soon as they were old enough to understand what was needed. Mrs. Bennet had never concerned herself. Mr. Bennet did visit, but his patronage was inconsistent and indolent. The girls had taken up the slack and, over time, come to care deeply for these families. Now Mr. Collins was playing the Lord of the Manor with the tenants, appearing randomly at their homes and giving contradictory instructions that had no value, demanding higher rents and a greater share of the harvest, and neglecting important repairs. At first it had almost been amusing seeing the odd-looking man strut around like a prize rooster. The amusement had faded quickly, especially when he began paying too much unwanted attention to several of the more buxom and comely tenant's daughters. "Mrs. Williams, will you give me a few weeks to fix things?" Jane requested. There was a new fire in her eyes and steel in her spine. oOoOOoOo Mr. Collins was not a happy man. Already he had spent the winter quarter's income of Longbourn on clearing up the old site and hiring architects to draw up plans for a new and improved manor. If it was a smaller version of Rosings, that only made it better. He was thankful that the Hunsford living was for life. Aside from the pittance that he begrudgingly paid to a vicar, he could still live off of those funds. Living at the inn was ridiculously expensive, but none of the locals seemed to have a room available to him. He had been making a short stay at Lucas Lodge, but was promptly evicted when he tried to corner Maria Lucas in the barnyard one morning. He explained that he was only trying to propose, but Maria told a different story. Sir Lucas and his sons John and Michael explained things to him in a way that he would not soon forget. They also explained that there was plenty of room in the Longbourn cemetery if he tried to claim a compromise on Maria. But it wasn't any of those things that had him truly unhappy. He had followed his wise advisor, Lady Catherine DeBourgh's advice to the letter on how to treat the tenants and make them behave properly. They had laughed at him, argued with him, threatened him, and now two families had given their notice. He wouldn't be so concerned, but his inquiries for new tenants had so far yielded nothing but silence. Although there were five tenant families, the Carters had operated a farm that spanned nearly one-third of the Longbourn estate… and yielded one-third of the income. With both families gone, Collin's income would drop by nearly half… and the other three tenants were acting suspiciously tentative themselves. Thus, when Mr. Phillips the solicitor asked to join him at his dining table at the inn, and offered to buy him a drink as well, Collins welcomed the distraction. "Well then, Mr. Collins, how goes your stint as a landlord?" "As well as can be expected," Collins grumbled. He didn't appreciate the question, but he did appreciate the bottle of brandy that appeared at the table. "I hear that some of the tenants are giving you trouble, my good man," Mr. Phillips poured Collins a drink with one hand and raised the other in apology, "Forgive the impertinence… Though I'm not surprised at your troubles. Mr. Bennet complained about those tenants all of the time. In fact, if it hadn't been for the entail he would have sold off the whole lot years ago and lived fat and happy on the interest. Farming just isn't what it was. Even the big estates are failing. No, this will be the century of the investor." He saw Collin's interest and continued, "Look at what Henry did: he invested all of his loose capital in business and trade. In fifteen years he made more than Longbourn would have yielded in half a century!" Phillips could see the protest coming, so he added, "Best part is, he never dirtied his own hands. He just invested his money in someone else's business, sat back and counted his returns. That is how it should be done! Imagine, a man who invests wisely today could become ridiculously rich in ten or twenty years! Mansions in London and Brighton, the finest carriages, the prettiest wife… or mistresses if a man was so inclined." He took a drink from his own glass, then topped off Collins. "Of course, you have to have ready capital for an investment like that… just think how rich my nieces would have been had Henry been able to sell Longbourn. Even in this economy, there are still a few fools out there who will buy estates… even if farming fails in the long run." Mr. Phillips finished off his glass and left the bottle. "Mr. Collins, it has been a pleasure to visit with you. Stop by my office some time." oOoOOoOo Two days later two of the remaining tenants announced their intentions to relocate. That afternoon Mr. William Collins was announced into Mr. Phillips' law office. Mr. Collins didn't even question the fact that the man already had a buyer ready. The friendly affability from before was in short supply as the lawyer bargained for the best deal for his un-named client. At the end of the meeting William Collins had sold Longbourn for just over half of its true worth, even without a manor house. Within a week the good reverend had departed Hertfordshire forever, returning to the benign (in his mind)authority of his beloved patroness. The tenants returned to their homes and farms. Repairs and improvements to the tenant farms and buildings began immediately. New farm implements were made available and the latest techniques in farming were investigated. Jane and Charles Bingley completed the purchase of Netherfield Park and renamed it Longbourn… which made sense because they now owned both estates. The site of the old manor was cleared for farmland, and the Carter's oldest son took the lease. In 1813, after meeting with both the Bennets and the Bingleys to gain approval, Charles and Jane Bingley changed their surname to Bennet. A Bennet would own Longbourn once again, continuing the tradition of ownership on into the nineteenth and twentieth century. As a side-note, Mr. Collins gleefully invested all of the monies from the sale of Longbourn in a mining company that touted the secret discovery of a motherlode in Arabian Peninsula. It was later discovered that the company was a front. Mr. Collins now owns a paper deed to strip of land in the Sahara desert… without any tenants except scorpions and snakes.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Epilogue 2 – Caroline declares independence Bennet House, Brighton, December, 1814 John the butler delivered the Times on a silver tray, setting it on the table beside Caroline Bennet. If his hand brushed Caroline's arm as he retreated, nobody was there to notice. Caroline gave him a smiling side-glance and picked up the paper. There, dominating the front page, was the headline that she had been waiting for. The Treaty of Ghent is approved. The conflict with the United States is over! Caroline read the details hungrily, then she glanced over at the butler, who had stationed himself by the breakfast room door. "Have you read it, John?" The tall, powerful man who had once easily carried Caroline away from that terrible fire simply nodded. He had always been a man of few words. Miss Lydia walked in, dressed in her riding habit. Even in the cold of December she never missed a sunny morning ride along the beach. She was smiling, carrying a letter that had already been opened. "Anne wrote. She's doing much better now. She and Lord Cameron have Rosings running like it should be now that her dreadful mother died. She misses Brighton though." The entire monologue had been delivered in one breath. Lydia was still Lydia in many ways. She was bright, energetic, and strikingly beautiful. Only now her direction in life had changed. When they first arrived in Brighton, Lydia had purchased a spirited horse. Thus began a love affair with all things equestrian. She still loved to flirt, but Caroline had, surprising everyone, taught her proper decorum. She might flirt, and she still loved to dance, but otherwise she had little time for men. She wanted to breed horses. Caroline shook her head at the spirited girl and slid the paper towards her. Lydia read it and a beaming smile lit up her whole face. "When do we depart?" Three years ago Lady Elizabeth had offered to allow Caroline to live in one of her estates in Scotland or Ireland to escape the Ton for a few years. But Caroline wasn't willing to take any handouts from her old enemy... and, to be truthful, Canada was still too closely tied to England. Caroline wanted a place where being the daughter of a tradesman wasn't a pejorative. It took time for the news to reach the British and American troops, and one more fierce battle was fought in New Orleans, but the peace held. Napoleon had reared his head again and all eyes turned to France for one-hundred days until the Battle of Waterloo. Meanwhile, the Brighton party made their plans and began packing. Liverpool, May of 1815 Caroline and Lydia Bennet, along with John the Butler, boarded the Indiaman bound for Charleston, South Carolina. Four tall, beautiful and highly pedigreed horses had already been lifted into the hold and carefully stabled there. The farewells had all taken place the day before, with many annoying tears and platitudes. Caroline acted appropriately disdainful, but Lydia later teased that she had seen a suspicious moisture in her sister's eyes. They enjoyed fair weather and a following wind all of the way to Charleston, where Mr. and Mrs. Butler and Mrs. Butler's sister Miss Lydia Bennet disembarked. It was another two months before land was purchased in the territories and Butler Ranch was incorporated. By the 1840's the ranch had expanded to properties in Ohio, Kentucky, and the Missouri. Horses from Butler Stables were in-demand throughout the states within a decade. Caroline Butler only visited England once. She made a triumphal entry into London society. She received an endless stream of invitations to balls, parties, and dinners. For about a week the millionaire Butlers were wined and dined and made much of. Then John and Caroline decided that the whole mess was silly and ridiculous. After whirlwind visits to Pemberley, Matlock, Argon-Bretagne Castle, Brighton, and Longbourn, the couple returned to Liverpool and boarded a clipper ship back to Kentucky where people made more sense. Lydia Cantrell, nee Bennet, never even bothered to return to England. She was content with overseeing the breeding of her thoroughbred line, raising her own children, and welcoming the occasional sister, niece, or nephew who visited from England.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Epilogue 3 – Kitty lands on her feet Argon-Bretagne Castle, 1816 If Caroline was the person who changed the most in personality, Catherine "Kitty" Bennet was the one who changed the most in appearance. Mary might have been considered plain, but Kitty was invisible. She had been just the other girl with Lydia. Lydia had been striking, tall, and well endowed while Kitty had been average in all respects. After the double wedding in 1811, she had accompanied her new best friend Georgianna to Matlock, where she shared the other girl's lessons and prepared for her presentation. As her confidence grew, so her face and figure matured. For the first time, men began to notice her and it was a wonderful feeling. Until they attended a small local ball in the neighboring county of Nottingham. A notorious rake spotted Catherine and chose her as his next victim. Lady Fitzwilliam had been sick that night and had assigned chaperone duties to an aging aunt. It was a mistake that almost cost dearly. Kitty enjoyed her dance with the very handsome Lord Alton until the end where he held her elbow and began to move her towards a side room. Kitty was still somewhat lacking in confidence, so she hesitated to speak up until it was too late to call for help. Once in the room, Lord Alton began to be aggressive. When she realized her danger, the Kitten found her claws and raked the man across his face. He reared back to slap her before he suddenly found his arm in an iron grip. He yelped loudly. The new player spun Alton around and before the he could make further protest he was knocked out cold by a blow to the jaw. Unfortunately the first yell had attracted attention. In the convoluted mindset of the Ton, if a woman was assaulted, it was always somehow her own fault. Catherine Bennet was unable to enjoy her first season. Instead, the Duke and Duchess of Argon brought her home to live at Argon-Bretagne Castle until the rumors and innuendo could fade. There were compensations however (besides getting to live in a castle fit for royalty, of course). The first of these was the regular visits of her rescuer, Lord Adison, the Marquis of Pennington, the eldest son and future Duke of Argon. At the beginning of this little tale it was noted that Catherine Bennet had changed the most of all. The nearly invisible girl of 1811 grew into an elegant and beautiful woman by 1816. Ironically, she had all of the best characteristics of her nickname. She didn't walk, she glided with a catlike grace that drew every eye even though she was not trying to gain attention. She had Jane's beauty, Caroline's elegance (without the affectation), Mary's ability to think on her feet, and still much of Lydia's liveliness. Moreover, after extended time with both the dowager and Elizabeth, she also developed the liveliness of mind that made her equal to any situation. It was only natural, then, that after frequent visits the Lord Adison, Marquis of Pennington decided that Catherine Bennet might someday make a fine Duchess. He decided to test this theory himself by proposing on one of their frequent strolls up and down the mile-long drive. Catherine accepted. The Marquis, later the Duke of Argon would always joke to friends and family that his Cat always landed on her feet.
An Incident at the Royal Rest Inn A savage storm, two distressed young couples, and an exhausted nursemaid change the courses of two little lives. Twenty years later, it becomes the burden of Fitzwilliam Darcy to discover and reveal the truth. But who will thank him and who will despise him for his efforts? Epilogue 4 Atlas and Joker Somewhere else in the world… I would tell you, but then… (you know the drill) - 1819 Code-named Atlas, she passed her directions to the captain of the sloop and he complied. After several such adventures he knew to trust her instincts… or at least to follow her instructions. The leadsman whispered back his readings nervously as the rock walls of the inlet grew closer and the depths under the prow became shallower. And then there was a feeling of relief as the passage opened up into a tiny hidden bay. The captain ordered a boat lowered and the unusual couple climbed in along with the boatswain and two sailors. In minutes they disappeared into the dark. The captain ordered the sloop to be turned using the remaining boats until it faced the passage, in case they needed to make a swift retreat. Then they waited. Hours passed and the sky began to lighten before gunshots were heard far in the distance. Tension rose and everyone prepared for a fight, but soon the boat emerged out of the dark, full of passengers. One by one the new arrivals were pulled aboard, then the couple, and then the sailors. Once the boat was secured, the boats towed the sloop out of the hidden bay, through the passage, and back out into the sea. Captain Janovich did not know who had been retrieved. He would never know. He never wanted to know. It was better that way. The couple he did know. The man had been a Colonel back when Napoleon was still causing trouble. Janovich had been second Lieutenant on a brigantine that had delivered the man to several islands in the Mediterranean and even dropped him onto deserted beaches in France. They called him Joker then because he was always having a laugh, often at the expense of some unsuspecting officer or noncom. Rumor had it that he was actually the son of a peer, but that seemed ridiculous. He had been an odd bird then, but he became odder still when he started bringing this woman along. Who brings a woman on a mission into dangerous territories? But there they were. And as if to spit in the face of convention, they kept coming back alive and usually with their tasks accomplished. Oh well, to each his own. After this trip Captain Janovich was expecting a frigate command. This odd couple were welcome their secret missions. Pemberley, 1821 Lady Elizabeth enthusiastically hugged her sister Mary. "You've been gone so long this time! I won't ask, you probably won't tell me anyway… but are you home for a while?" Richard Fitzwilliam picked up his nephew, Geoffrey Henry Darcy, Lord Tourleon, the Duke of Caerleon, and spun the giggling boy before hefting him up in the air and catching him. Richard didn't know what was more fun: thrilling his nieces and nephews or seeing the look of barely-concealed concern on his cousin's face. Richard put "Jeffie" down hugged his two beautiful little nieces, Jane Elizabeth and Mary Anne. A nurse stood by with his youngest nephew, Richard, who Mary was already reaching for. "So, Richard, are you going to answer the Lady's question?" Darcy prompted. "Actually, we are to enjoy an extended vacation and then we will visit ancient places. I won't say more, but Mary is reading Homer." Darcy scowled, "The Ottoman's are brutal when they catch spies, Richard." "I have no idea what you are talking about, Cousin. Shall we go in or are you going to keep an old man standing out in the cold. Mary and I have been gone for a while, so tell me, how is Prinny settling in as king?" Baron and Baroness Fitzwilliam followed the Darcy's up the steps and into Pemberley. Despite all of their combined estates, Pemberley would always be the place they called home. Mary was still carrying baby Richard as they proceeded to the sitting room. Elizabeth smiled at the image, "You know, if you two would just stay home, you might still have a chance for one of those." "And let Richard go off on his own? The man couldn't find his way down Grosvenor Square without a guide," Her husband looked back at her and she smiled prettily back at him. "No, Lizzy, this is what we do. We enjoy it." The governess and the nurse took the children away to play on the grounds or return to their studies. Richard leaned looked at Darcy and then glanced casually at the waiting footman. Darcy turned, "Phillip, I believe that we are good for now. We'll ring if anything else is needed." Once the man was gone and the door was securely closed, Richard said, "We collected some old friends of yours and brought them home. They're visiting family in Hertfordshire right now." Elizabeth leaned forward, "Charlotte! How are they?" Mary answered, "King Louis is failing fast. His brother Charles will be the next French King. He is King now in everything but name. The first thing he started doing is rounding up any potential political dissidents. Emile (Richard usually butchered the man's name, he had never forgiven the man for getting the better of his own men that one time), Charlotte, and their two children have been hiding in a cottage near the coast for two months. They sent word through a fisherman. The Prince had patrols on the coast, but we used an old smuggler's cove." Richard added, "They're all fine, but emaciated. I don't think they could have made it another month. Emile won't be safe in Brittany for a long time. It will kill the man, but he has his family to consider now." The Fitzwilliams enjoyed a leisurely visit at Pemberly, visited their relatives and their two estates, stayed at Bennet House in Brighton for a month, and then departed for foreign shores again. Greece was attempting to throw off the Ottomans. The British were unofficially supporting the effort. Atlas and the Joker had people to meet and places to go. Nobody else understood the pair, but they were happy. Charlotte, eMael, and their two children took up residence at an estate in Wales owned by the eight year old Duke of Caerleon, in an area with the same name. They worked from there to receive refugees after Charles X took the throne. eMael was a part of the July Revolution that finally overthrew Charles, but he died in the conflict. When France settled down again, Charlotte and Elizabeth were finally able to begin helping Brittany… but that is a story for another time. Georgianna returns to Ramsgate After Catherine "Kitty's" assault, Georgianna lost all enthusiasm for the season. She returned to Pemberley and refused to budge. Declaring that she would never marry. One day she was riding the grounds of Pemberley astride, which she did whenever out of the public eye. As she rode over a crest she saw a runaway horse carrying a young girl of about seven. Kneeing her horse into pursuit, she chased the pair over fields and hills and streams until she finally caught the runaway horse within minutes of a dangerous ravine. While comforting the terrified child she saw a man riding their direction at breakneck speed. His face transformed from terror to relief as he saw that his little Penelope was safe. Then he looked at the face of his daughter's rescuer and gave a wide smile, "Hello, Miss Darcy. It is wonderful to see you again. And thank you for saving my little girl!" Mr. James Fitzsimmons took his little girl into his arms and held her tight. Georgianna looked at him for a long, long moment, and then blushed. As a child, when her father had taken her to the house in Ramsgate, she had developed a crush on the handsome son of a gentleman friend of her father. She was six. He was fifteen. She was in love. "I… I heard that you married," Geogianna stammered, then got control of herself. "And this is your little girl?" "This is Penelope… my little tomboy… who thinks that she is much older than she really is," He gave his daughter a stern look and she buried her head into his shoulder. "Thank you for saving her. She knew that she wasn't supposed to try to ride a full-sized horse, but Penelope can be both fearless and foolish at times." He used a finger to gently lift his daughter's chin so that she met his eyes, "You're all I have, Little Bit. Please don't do anything like that again." He set the girl down and she ran over to look at the stream that dropped off into the ravine. "I lost Laura when Penelope was born. It hasn't been easy. With only a father to raise her, she's more boy than girl. We were in Lambton visiting with an aunt…" James Fitzsimmons paused and truly looked at Georgianna for the first time, "You've grown quite beautiful, Miss Darcy…" He noticed that she became even more beautiful when she blushed, "Would it… could… May I call on you while we're in Lambton?" Five months later Georgianna Fitzsimmons returned to Ramsgate. The return trip was much more enjoyable… she liked it so much she decided to stay. The Darcys The Dowager Duchess survived to see the birth and christening of the Duke of Carleon. Geoffrey Henry Darcy had his father's dark brunette hair, his mother's dark sparkling eyes, the promise of his father's tall frame, his mother's mischievous smile, and the dove birthmark. Before he completed his first year he had been presented to the British Royal court and the exiled French court. Thankfully things were changing in France and the Louis had little time or concern to spare for the tiny Duke. As promised, the Argon's and the Fitzwilliams took an interest in the education of Lord Turleon, but the bulk of his education was left in the hands of his very capable parents. One trip was made to Brittany when he turned ten, but the political climate was dangerous and both Elizabeth and Darcy agreed that no further trips would be considered until much later. Lord Turleon did become intimately acquainted with all of his British holdings as he and his siblings regularly visited their different homes. The Darcys also ensured that all of the children knew their history and heritage and understood the plight of the Bretons. Though they had to work carefully and often in the shadows, the Darcy's used their wealth and influence to help Isolde's people whenever and however they could. Geoffrey went on to be a prominent political and financial figure. Jane Elizabeth attended a ball at Rosings, where she met and eventually Anne's oldest son and heir... thus polluting the shades of Rosings. Mary Anne caught the eye of Catherine's eldest and, after a long and storied courtship, became the next Duchess of Argon. But it was little Richard Darcy who reached the farthest. Taking after his "uncle" and namesake, he thrived on adventure, circumnavigating the globe in one adventure after another. Eventually he became an ambassador, representing British interests around the globe. Elizabeth never regretted her decision to remove herself from royal consideration. To her mind Darcy was the best of men: the best husband, the best father, and her dearest friend. They raised their children to think and question and to value people from all levels of society. The managed their vast properties well, invested wisely, and promoted many innovations. They were received with pride into many homes, including the homes of the Royals. Though Elizabeth never exercised the level of influence of her great-grandmother, her thoughts, ideas, and assertions were given careful attention and consideration. Darcy superseded his wife in death by twenty years in 1860. Elizabeth, though heartbroken, teamed with her eldest son and several grandchildren to work for several important causes, including the betterment of education in Breton and in the areas where the family held land. She became the favorite storyteller of all her grandchildren and great-grandchildren, with tales of two girls switched at birth, heroic rescues from kidnapping and fires, and the mysterious handsome man who rescued a poor, neglected girl from an evil dragon.
