Siblings and a promise AU; Hey Guys! I am so, so, so sorry! Real life happened, and loss of beta so a lot of bad excuses, but I am back *hides behind the sofa* Enjoy! Chapter 1; The De Bourgh family Rosings Park, Kent, April 17th, 1795 Sir Lewis de Bourgh looked down into the face of his second daughter who was born only a few hours earlier. He was mildly disappointed that Catherine had given birth to another daughter, instead of the son he craved. He looked at his family ... his wife Catherine, their 2-year-old daughter Anne and their new daughter ... lying together on Catherine's bed cuddling each other. He remembered that his own father had not spent any real time with his sisters. He was more concerned with educating and bringing up his only son to be an honourable man and pressuring him to make a good marriage. Daughters were only good for making good marriages and bringing the next generation into the world. His father had originally wanted the youngest daughter of the then Earl of Matlock for him to marry, but Lady Anne Fitzwilliam was already being courted by George Darcy of Pemberley. So, he was to marry her sister, Lady Catherine, who also had a large dowry, in a marriage of convenience. When his young daughter opened her deep and warm brown eyes and looked at him, his new daughter had his eyes. He realized how much he loved his new daughter and vowed that he would do anything to protect her. It was then that he decided on her name – Elizabeth. The name of the most wonderful woman in his life – his mother. Catherine had named Anne after her sister. Now he had the chance to name his daughter after a special person in his life. Sir Lewis was not so disappointed after all. With his second daughter, he was overjoyed. He now had another little girl he could spoil and look after. He would be a better father to his children than his own father had been. He had a family – a real family to love and protect. He had two healthy children and a wife who had survived childbirth twice. Lewis began thinking ahead to the future, for his new daughter, she would be an ideal choice for his wife's sister's son, young Fitzwilliam, also called William, who was around eight years old. He picked up little Elizabeth and held her in his arms. He could not remember having Anne in his arms the same way after she was born, two years ago. Little Elizabeth was so small and fragile that Sir Lewis was afraid to drop her. He quickly sat down next to his wife and placed her back in the crib. If the first day of knowing that she was with child again and the months to follow were any indication, he knew Catherine would want nothing to do with Elizabeth. She didn't care for the new babe, unlike her favourite. She doted and spoilt Anne since her birth and he could see that she was being raised as herself; proud and arrogant. He would not allow his favourite to be ignored! He would protect her from anyone, including her mother. In his heart, Sir Lewis knew that this bundle of joy would be the next Mistress of Pemberley.
Siblings and a promise Chapter 2; the first meeting with the Darcy's Rosings Park, October 1795 A few months after the birth of Elizabeth, the Darcy's came for a visit. It was to formalise the decision that Sir Lewis de Bourgh and George Darcy agreed upon – the betrothal contract between Elizabeth de Bourgh and Fitzwilliam Darcy. After the greetings were exchanged, the Darcy's were shown to their rooms to rest. The next morning, Sir Lewis de Bourgh asked George Darcy to convene in his study, to review and sign the papers which would seal their children's futures. They sat down along with Sir Lewis' and Mr Darcy's solicitors, who would act as witnesses also. Betrothal Contract Hereby are Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh of Rosings Park, Kent & Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberley, Derbyshire betrothed to be married to Miss Elizabeth when she enters her 18th year. If Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh, upon reaching her 18th birthday does not develop tender feelings for her betrothed OR is attached to another young man of equal or higher social standing OR wishes to not marry at all, this contract will be deemed void. This contract is sanctioned by both families, signed and witnessed as of today, the 11th day of October 1795. Signed: Sir Lewis de Bourgh of Rosings Park, Kent Mr George Darcy of Pemberley, Derbyshire Witnesses: Mr. Barnes Mr. Wickham After breaking her fast in her rooms, Lady Anne Darcy got dressed and went to her son's rooms. He was also dressed and fed by that time and together they went to the nursery, so he could see his new cousin. William Darcy looked at the little girl in the cradle, she had big beautiful chocolate-brown eyes, and he carefully caressed her little face with his finger. She took hold of his finger with a tight grip. William smiled at the little baby girl and thought that she was quite pretty for a baby. With his other hand, he removed a locket from his pocket that had a picture of Pemberley that his mother had given him and dangled it in front of her. He saw how delighted she was; gurgling and laughing which made her eyes even more beautiful. He held the locket close to the little girl and she grabbed it with her free hand, not letting go of his finger. After playing for a little while with the locket, little Elizabeth drifted off to sleep while still holding stubbornly onto his finger with one hand and the locket in the other. William stood silently with a smile on his face and watched as the little girl slept. Lady Anne, who was standing in the doorway to the nursery, watched her son. He was but eight years old and she firmly believed that her son had begun to care about his small cousin and the girl who he would someday marry. Eight years later. Rosings Park May 1803 Anne 10 years old Elizabeth 8 years old Darcy 16 years old Lady Catherine 38 Sir Lewis 38 George Darcy 44 The last eight years had not been so kind on Sir Lewis de Bourgh. He suffered from a weak heart that became worse and kept him very ill. He loved watching his youngest daughter growing up. He wished he could watch her become a beautiful lady and get married but knew he was ill and that soon his little Elizabeth would be left with her mother and sister. From the upstairs schoolroom window, 10-year-old Anne watched with jealousy. Although her mother doted on her, she wanted her father to pay her attention also. She reminded herself that her father was dying and then she would be the only one getting any attention. All had felt the loss of Lady Anne's passing very much. They saw how affected George Darcy was; left alone to raise his children. Although offered, he denied any and all help from anyone, and flat-out refused to re-marry. Lady Matlock, however, would not listen and took it upon herself to caring for Georgiana at least a few months a year, during summer months, saying that she needs a mother figure in her formative years. William was sent to Eton for his studies soon after and did not accompany his father on his annual Rosings visits. So, Elizabeth barely remembered her elder cousin. Sir Lewis had explained to little Elizabeth that she now had a young cousin to play with, and have to teach Georgiana how to be a Lady when she grows up and tell her how much her mother loved her. Rosings Park, June 1803 The day finally arrived. George Darcy had come to Rosings with William after dropping off Georgiana at Matlock Manor. William was 16 years old, studying at Eton. Sir Lewis welcomed them to Rosings. After his father greeted his hosts, William greeted Sir Lewis, Lady Catherine, Anne, and then he was in front of Elizabeth. William barely remembered his last visit to Rosings, but when he saw the warm brown smiling eyes of Sir Lewis' younger daughter and the locket around her neck containing a picture of Pemberley, he knew she was his intended. She was still a child but looked very intelligent and kind. When he bowed to her, Elizabeth looked at the young man in front of her. He seemed familiar somehow… He bowed and she instinctively reached for her locket, which was her favourite jewellery. A gesture not gone unnoticed by William. Elizabeth made a formal curtsy and said what her father had told her to say: "Hello Cousin Will and Welcome back Uncle Darcy." George Darcy looked at the young Elizabeth and said: "Thank you, Elizabeth. Anne, you have grown. Lady Catherine always a pleasure." Sir Lewis said: "Anne, Elizabeth, will you show your cousin to his rooms so he can rest?" Anne and Elizabeth replied together: "Yes, Papa." Will looked to his father who only nodded, and he followed his cousins. Elizabeth talked about the house, and how pretty the gardens were and her favourite places to play, while Anne tried to get a word in between her younger sister's prattling. When nearing his rooms, William stopped and asked Elizabeth, "I do not know if you remember me, but I am your cousin and the one who gave you the locket." Elizabeth looked at her cousin she gently touched the locket and said: "Thank you, Cousin Will, it is my favourite jewellery. I cannot remember not ever wearing it. I often dream of the house inside the locket. It looks like Sleeping Beauty's Palace. I am very happy to own it and thank you, Cousin." Will smiled at his cousin and wondered why his heart was leaping when she looked up at him with those engaging eyes. "Will you play with me?" Elizabeth asked her cousin tugging his sleeve. "Not at this present time, Cousin, but perhaps another time," William said politely as he was very tired from the journey. Anne interjected looking at Elizabeth she said, "Elizabeth, go back to the nursery and I will escort our cousin to his room." She turned to their cousin and said, "Cousin William, please excuse my sister. She is not yet out of the nursery and does not know how to behave in company. We put you in your favourite room. It looks out onto the stables. I am sure that while you are here you will accompany me on a ride or two." Anne pushed Elizabeth towards the nursery and then walked on alone with William. William looked back at the young girl who was sobbing from the rebuff her sister had just given her. He wanted to go and comfort his young cousin but decided to do the gentlemanly thing and continue the conversation with Anne. "Can you ride Cousin Anne?" "Yes very well." "What about your sister Elizabeth?" He inquired. He wanted to know what his future bride's likes and dislikes, and what she was able to do. But also what he would have to ask his Uncle to teach her, his future wife. Even if she was yet only a child. "She does not ride well. She prefers astride rather than side-saddle. Mama doesn't approve. Papa encourages her. What do you think of women riding side-saddle? Surely when little Georgie is of age to ride she will only ride side-saddle." "My father will decide when she will learn to ride but I find that a woman who can ride both ways is more accomplished than a woman who can only ride one way. My idea of an accomplished woman is one who does everything she does to the best of her ability despite if she cannot do things well. Excuse me, cousin, I am quite tired. I will see you for dinner." He bowed and left. Once in his rooms, he thought further on the subject. He remembered the daughter of the bookshop owner in Lambton, a Miss Madeline Moore, who seemed very nice and looking for a governess position. He wondered if he could ask his father to persuade his Uncle to hire her as his cousin's governess. He'd seen her in the village and was very impressed by her knowledge on various subjects, she was the most accomplished woman in Lambton. She was often seen minding her younger siblings. Mr Moore owned the lending library, the haberdashery and the General Store beside the bookshop and had his hands full with work and his oldest daughter took care of her siblings. Anne went straight to her mother's sitting room to discuss the plan to make her William's bride and not Elizabeth. Even if she knew very well that William was betrothed to Elizabeth and not her but she would not stop her own persuasion. "Mama I must learn to ride astride," Anne shouted as she barged into her mother's sitting room. "Why Anne?" "Because Cousin William likes women who ride astride. He knows that Elizabeth rides astride and if I am to become Mrs Darcy then I must learn." "Very well Anne. What else did he say?" Lady Catherine said, as she further plotted to have her eldest married to the Darcy heir, instead of her youngest. Anne replied with angry tears running down her cheeks, "Nothing of worth. Though, he seems infatuated with Elizabeth." Lady Catherine noted that she looked ready to throw a tantrum, and said, "Now now my dear control yourself, Anne! She is only a child." "Still he likes her more than me. What are we to do?" "I know! Where is the led paint? We will make you look frail and fragile so he sees it as his duty to marry you before Elizabeth comes of age. I will see to it that she is has a poor education. She will not be allowed to ride or see the world. She will be kept away from books, painting and sewing." Lady Catherine replied, even if she knew that the betrothal contract was signed, and unbreakable and that her husband or George Darcy would not allow that to happen. "What about father?" Anne asked after she had calmed a little. "Your father will be dead by this time next year. I am sure of it. In fact, I will do it myself. Anne, you will be the next Mistress of Pemberley if it is the last thing I shall do."
Chapter 3: Growing up Rosings Park, 1803 It was the Darcys' last day of visit at Rosings and they sat down to supper. Anne and Elizabeth had been allowed to stay up and have supper with the adults. William had been seated between Elizabeth and Anne. He preferred the former to the latter, for her conversation and appearance. Her dimples reminded him of his beloved little sister Georgie. Anne kept trying to distract William from his reverie. Anne talked about ribbons, dolls, horses and even her dogs. Sir Lewis said, "Catherine my dear. George, William and I have decided to employ a governess for Elizabeth. Anne has Miss Fertile. Elizabeth should have her own, now that she is old enough to have one." "Why would she have a governess? She is still a child. She should be in the nursery." Lady Catherine replied coldly to her husband. "Catherine, she is 8 years old! She should have a governess. Anne had a governess at the age of 6 and William was breeched and gained a tutor aged 4. Georgiana has a governess and she is 6." "In that case, I will see if my old governess Miss Tench is still teaching." Lady Catherine replied haughtily. "Miss Tench bullied you, your brother and your sister into submission. I will not have that for my daughters." Catherine's old governess Miss Gertrude Tench was a mean-minded, callous pointy nosed woman with warts around for her eyes and mouth. Her only friend had been a willow stick and her favourite time of the day was punishment time when she would hit the young Catherine, Anne and Patrick repeatedly into submission. She would not let her charges tell her employers of her methods at the daily visits. She had made sure her charges survived on a diet of burnt porridge, cabbage soup and a chunk of bread. Their wardrobe was a thin muslin gown with no shoes and no undergarments. The girl's hair had been cropped. They only wore their finery for the daily viewing. When Patrick left after he was breeched only then was the truth told, but the damage to Catherine had already been done. Anne recovered with her own governess Miss Bright. As the youngest Anne was the spirited child, something which Miss Tench did not like. Sir Lewis knew this and would not put his daughter through the same treatment as her mother. From what George had told him of Miss Madeline Moore, she would be perfect for his beloved daughter. Miss Madeline Moore was spirited, kind, well-meaning, accomplished, a great walker, she was well read and she had experience from her own sisters and brothers. "Your daughter, your daughter she is always your daughter. Never our daughter. You seek to improve Elizabeth's prospects but what of Anne's? She is your true daughter and heir! She is the son you never had, not Elizabeth." Lady Catherine replied in an angry tone of voice. Elizabeth looked down into her lap with tears in her eyes she struggled to keep at bay. William thought that she looked serene and calm. She never looked lovelier, even in a time of crisis. "Catherine, I have not made anyone the only heir and if you do not change your ways, you may end up with nothing! I have provided to both my daughters so they have a good future! I have not left out Anne!" "You cannot do that! Anne is your first child and must be the heir! I will see to it!" She looked at Elizabeth then pointed her nose up and said: "Brat, go to bed." Elizabeth got up from her seat, keeping her head lowered with tears threatening to fall. "Sit down Lizziebeth." her father said. "Go to bed Brat! If you do not listen you know very well the consequences!" Catherine shouted again at her younger daughter. "Papa may I go to bed I am rather tired," Elizabeth said calmly. William understood what Elizabeth was doing. She was leaving her parents to argue while keeping her emotions to a minimum. What nobody knew was that she would later cry herself to sleep that night. "Cousin Elizabeth may I escort you to your room?" George sensing his son's tone decided to get the rest of the party out of the room. "Of course, son. Anne, come with me. You have yet to show me your new artwork." The company departed leaving Catherine and Lewis to continue their argument well into the night as they often did. After a while, he left the room and went straight up to Elizabeth's room. He found her still crying in her bed. He sat down by her side and said, "Lizziebeth, Lizziebeth. Come here, darling." He opened his arms and Elizabeth rushed into his arms, saying "Papa, why does mama hate me so much?" Stroking her hair he said, "Lizziebeth, She does not hate you. Everyone has their favourite child. You are mine and Anne is your mother's. She only likes her better than you. You carry my heart Elizabeth. You and you alone. Remember that." "Yes, Papa." "Now Lizziebeth let me help put you to sleep." Elizabeth lay down and Sir Lewis started reading the story he had started a few nights before. He had read to her since she was little; much like his own mother did for him. When she finally fell asleep, he crept out of her room and said as he stood in the doorframe, "Sleep well little one. No harm will ever come to you." He went to his room with a calm that only a solid planning for his favourite daughter's future could give. He made arrangements so neither of his daughters would be destitute and would have large fortunes. Additionally, he made arrangements for his favourite so she would not suffer her mother's cruel treatment in his absence. He decided to read for a little while before going to sleep. He had only gotten into reading two pages before he was asleep to never wake up again. His weak heart could not take any more arguments and gave in. The next day the death was revealed. Elizabeth was inconsolable. She spent many hours in the arms of her Cousin William crying until he had to leave. He did not want to but he has to attend school. George Darcy also left to drop off his son and take care of his business in town quickly to return in a couple of days to help with the funeral arrangements. Elizabeth refused to eat for many days or even to go outside her room. Catherine and Anne did not care. They thought she was just acting up. The servants were worried about their beloved Miss Lizziebeth but could not do much against their mistress. In a carriage not far from Rosings was a honeysuckle haired young woman with blue eyes. She was thin but quite tall. She was there to take charge of Mr Darcy's beloved niece. She had not been a governess before but took care of her brothers and sisters and knew to be kind to someone who lost their parent. She had been told about her charge, a Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh, but family reports could be false. She would not judge the child until she met her. The house was in mourning but that should not affect the child's upbringing. As she went towards Rosings she could imagine what this little girl was going through. She lost her mother during her last sibling's birth and knew pain. Miss Moore was shown to the drawing room where Lady Catherine was sat with Anne. "Miss Madeline Moore my Lady." Pieters, the butler announced. Madeline curtsied. "Miss Moore. I believe we are not acquainted." "I was engaged by Mr Darcy of Pemberley to be the governess to your daughter Miss Elizabeth." "I am afraid you have had a wasted journey. I have decided to have my former governess, Miss Tench will be her governess." Madeline Moore was made of steel. She had been told what to expect by Mr Darcy and was not prepared to give in. "I do apologise but that is a matter you will have to take up with Mr Darcy, Lady Catherine." Miss Moore replied calmly. Then she dropped a curtsy and walked out. She asked a servant to show her up to Miss Elizabeth's room. She knocked but received no answer; she opened the door and saw the young girl sat in a window seat staring out into the wilderness. "Miss Elizabeth?" Elizabeth turned and met the kind blue eyes of the young woman, "Yes, may I ask who you are?" "Hello, Miss! My name is Miss Madeline Moore, your new governess. Your Uncle Darcy hired me for you." "Uncle George sent you?" Madeline went near the small child and saying said, "Yes he did", hugged her. Elizabeth was hesitant but ended up in Madeline's embrace. She felt safe there. Safer than when she was with her own mother and sister. "Did Cousin William talk to you?" "Yes, he did. He told me what you like and what you do not like. He told me how much you loved your papa and how he read stories to you during bedtime." "Papa always read to me until I fell asleep. Why did he leave me so soon?" "Oh, poor dear Miss Elizabeth. Your Papa had a weak heart and it could not take any more. You must always remember that he loved you very much." "Papa called me Lizziebeth. You can too if you like." Elizabeth offered. "That is pretty. I will call you that if you wish. Now come along. You will have to come out of this room soon. Your cousins will be coming for the funeral and your Uncles and Aunts. You must behave like a young lady. Your Papa would want that." "I like Uncle George, Cousin William and Cousin Georgiana. Uncle Patrick and Aunt Constance, I hardly remember, but they seem kind and honest people, and Cousin Maxwell is scary. He teases me, but Cousin Richard stops him. Cousin Rachel and Cousin Mary-Rose are also kind enough." "Are these all your cousins?" Madeline inquired calmly. "No just on Mama's side. I do not know Papa's family very much. I was named after Grandmamma Elizabeth. What will I learn Miss Moore?" Elizabeth explained. Madeline said, after she had thought for a moment, "You will learn reading, writing, sewing, playing the piano, the violin, French, German, painting many things. Your Uncle wants you to be an accomplished young lady; much like your father wanted you to be." "Yes, Miss Moore. I will make him proud." "I know you will." Madeline looked at her young charge. There was a spirit in her that had yet to be released and hopefully, she would be the one to release it. Her beau Edward Gardiner had warned her about becoming a governess to in such a high ranking family. He did not want her to go far and postpone their wedding but knew she needed the money for her father and siblings and the independence it would give before becoming his wife. She was sure of her feelings for him, but she needed this independence. If Mr George Darcy was entrusting his beloved niece into her care then there was a job to be done. She would do it to the best of her ability no matter what Lady Catherine de Bourgh said or did to her. Several days later, Rosings Park 1803 Several days went by, and as family members came for the funeral of Sir Lewis de Bourgh. Madeline had made sure that Elizabeth was presentable in a black dress, and her hair tidy. Elizabeth was acting perfectly politely to the family members she hardly knew and even dared smile a little when her cousin Richard made a joke. The funeral took place after a short service in at the church. The small church was filled completely, with both family and people from the community who wished to pay their respects to Sir Lewis and mostly to his daughters. Madeline made sure to keep Elizabeth in her sight the whole time, just as Miss Anne's governess Miss Fertile kept watch on her charge. When the family was back in the house and refreshments were served, Sir Lewis' lawyer was shown in, who was waiting in the Study. He bowed and said, "Greeting all. I offer my condolences for your loss. I have come to make you familiar to Sir Lewis's last Will." He took out the necessary papers from his attaché and began reading, "This is the last Will and testament of Sir Lewis de Bourgh. I confirm that I am of sound mind and body, and I am now voiding all and any other testaments I have drafted. I hereby name my brother Earl Patrick Matlock, my daughter Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh's guardian until she reaches her majority or marries. Brother Patrick, I have left several letters for you to give to Elizabeth. I have also left something personal for you and Constance, ask my solicitor afterwards. To my brother George Darcy, I leave my gratitude and my cottage in Weymouth, Dorset. To my nephew Fitzwilliam Darcy, I leave my entire library and hope you will take care of it. To my wife, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, I leave the dowager cottage and your monthly sum of money for the rest of your life. To my daughter Miss Anne de Bourgh, I leave you an inheritance of £40,000 pounds and wish you all the happiness in the world. To my dearest daughter, Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh, I leave my estate Rosings Park, and all other holdings. I hope you will get all the happiness and love that you deserve, sweetheart. If my daughter, Miss Elizabeth de Bourgh should decline her inheritance of this estate, I leave Rosings Park to my nephew, The Honourable Richard Fitzwilliam. Brothers Patrick and George – I hope you will teach him what he needs to know about it. Other than that, I am only sorry to leave, before I could see my children grow up to be beautiful women, and married to respectable men. Sir Lewis de Bourgh, Graham & Sons Solicitor Office London, 1800" Everybody was shocked at the manner that Sir Lewis had written his Will, and essentially left everything to Elizabeth, his youngest daughter. Lady Catherine was livid; it was only the presence of her brother, the Earl, which kept her from taking her anger out on the solicitor and her youngest child.
Chapter 4: Growing up II Matlock Lake House March 1806, Elizabeth 11 years old, William 19 years old That spring Elizabeth was now short of her eleventh birthday. The De Bourgh family was in Matlock, to celebrate the birthday of Lady Mary Rose Fitzwilliam in the middle of March. Elizabeth was looking forward to see her cousins again, but her heart was sinking by the mere thought of all the happiness which would surround her soon. During the interim years, Lady Catherine had made sure that Elizabeth was locked away as much as possible. She not only kept her away from the rest of the family, but had also made sure to make her suffer as much as possible. She got her into a whalebone corset when she was only nine years old, and punishing her vehemently in her chambers, calling it "discipline" and "behaviour unbecoming" As Elizabeth got up to get dressed, Lady Catherine entered with a maid, who was carrying a new and stiff whalebone corset. It had been two years now, since Elizabeth had seen one for the first time. Elizabeth looked at the corset in horror, Lady Catherine said: "Servant, make it as tight as a beanpole." "Yes, you're Ladyship." The maid answered. The maid met Elizabeth's eyes and expressed her sorrow about what she was about to do again. As the maid tightened the strings of the corset, Elizabeth kept silent in fear of another beating, but tears began running down her cheeks to the pain. The corset was tightened firmly over the fresh wounds on her back, which she received the night before, like several nights, in her mother's chambers for "her unbecoming behaviour". Lady Catherine was not satisfied and yelled, "Tighter." The maid looked at Lady Catherine in horror and said: "But your Ladyship, she cannot breathe." Lady Catherine answered: "Do as I tell you or lose your position." The maid replied: "Yes, Madame." and pulled it tighter, while her hands were trembling at the cruel act, as she could see Miss Elizabeth's bones. Elizabeth bit her tongue as the corset was tightened further, and it began cutting in her wounds making them bleed and not heal. Lady Catherine asked in a harsh voice: "Are you crying, brat?" Elizabeth swallowed and replied with a shaky voice: "No, your Ladyship." At last the corset was tied and the maid left. Elizabeth stood trembling in her mother's presence. Her mother had made it clear that she were not allowed to call her "mother" or "mama" ever again "How dare you cry when I am present in a room, your ungrateful brat!" "I…I…di…did not mean to, your Ladyship." Elizabeth replied, trying and failing to hide the fact that she was terrified of her mother. "Now for your unacceptable behaviour I will redo your corset." Elizabeth clung to her bedpost as her corset was bound tighter and harsher, as her body suffered from pain. As Lady Catherine was leaving the room she said: "If you ever cry in my presence again, I will beat you with my 9 tail whip! Is it understood?" Elizabeth answered in stutters: "Y…ye…yes your Ladyship." Lady Catherine left the room. Elizabeth collapsed on the bed, she could hardly breathe, and her body hurt. Her back hurt especially because of the violent beating she received the evening before. She could not breathe deeply and began breathing shallowly and lightly to avoid the corset from cutting into the wounds on her back, so now she was in double pain, the wounds hurt and she could not breathe properly so her whole body burned in pain. As she laid in her bed in pain, a maid entered and said, "Miss Elizabeth, Lady Catherine says that you have to come now or they are leaving without you for Matlock." Elizabeth managed to get up and straightened her shirts and walked to the door saying, "I am coming, Grace." As the de Bourgh carriage arrived to the Fitzwilliam's ancestral home in Matlock, the whole family was there to welcome them. Lady Catherine greeted her brother, the Earl of Matlock and the Countess. She was greeted by her nephew and nieces present there. Anne and Elizabeth curtseyed and greeted their aunt, aunt and cousins. Madeline had been drilling in her charge for weeks, the proper manner to greet in her etiquettes class. Earl Patrick Fitzwilliam after greeting his sister and older niece turned to Elizabeth, smiled and said: "Elizabeth, welcome to Matlock. We are happy to see you again." The Countess Constance said: "Elizabeth, you look pale dearest." Elizabeth replied with a restrained smile: "I am well, Aunt Constance." The Earl asked discreetly Madeline: "Is my niece well? She looks pale and drawn." Madeline replied to the Earl: "Miss Elizabeth is well, but she has grown quieter, milord. But I believe that now that summer is coming, she will soon look better." Madeline curtsied and hurried after Elizabeth. The next day Elizabeth sat watching her cousin, Mary-Rose open her presents with the parents. Elizabeth knew deep down that she was bitterly jealous of her cousins, their birthdays, the presents they got; while her own was ignored and she was given a beating for asking if the family would come to celebrate her birthday. Since her father' passing, her birthday was never celebrated, it was just another day of the year. Another day for Lady Catherine to beat her, to be pushed around by Anne, and flat-out ignored for the rest of the time. When Mary-Rose began opening the next present, Elizabeth could take no more and left the room. She could not handle any more torture of seeing this much happiness and excitement, it was unbearable! She could stand the loneliness, the beatings, the taunts and everything but the happiness and excitement from her cousins. Yes, she knew she was jealous and it was wrong to covert for other people's things and happiness, but she could not help it. It was not fair. Madeline said as she finally saw Elizabeth up in a tree: "Elizabeth! What are you doing up there?" Elizabeth replied: "I am trying to reach for the stars." Madeline said with a half-smile: "You cannot reach the stars, Lizziebeth! Would you get down?! It was noted that you left the room!" Elizabeth said in a determined voice: "I can if I want to. Being up here makes me forget all of my troubles." Madeline said firmly if calmly, "I know it does but you have to get down, and return to the house, Lizziebeth! I do not want to let your uncle come and fetch you! You know what he would say, and I do not even want to think of your mother to know that you are missing from the party!" Elizabeth said in a voice which betrayed that she did not care: "She would not notice." Madeline sighed and said: "No, you are right. But still I would be very glad if you would come down and return to the house with me!" "No" Madeline said in a strong voice which for once betrayed her annoyance: "Elizabeth I will not repeat myself, get down right now!" Elizabeth said in a stubborn voice: "No." Madeline said pleading, "Elizabeth, what is really troubling you? Why would you not come down?" Elizabeth said in a voice which betrayed her feelings: "Why can they celebrate their birthdays when I cannot?" Madeline said in a calm voice: "Dear, I do not know why yours is ignored, and I am trying to make the best of it. I know you do not understand, but dearest Lizziebeth, please get down, and I will find a way for us to celebrate properly this year! I promise." Elizabeth sighed as she replied: "Alright, but on one condition." Madeline said: "Elizabeth, please get down now. I will hear your condition when you stand here with me on the ground." Elizabeth said: "My condition is that I can return to my tree whenever I want." Madeline said in a voice which was firm but kind: "I agree. But, Elizabeth, get down now before someone else comes this way!" Elizabeth sighed dramatically and replied, "Very well." and climbed down the tree. Madeline said with a kind voice: "Thank you, Elizabeth. Now let us return to the house!" Madeline and Elizabeth walked slowly back to the house, Elizabeth unwilling but resigned and Madeline with a hand placed on Elizabeth shoulder. Madeline said with a smile: "Come now, be cheerful. Then we can go to your room and attend to your piano playing later."
Chapter 5: Mr. Darcy's death Pemberley, August 1807 William: 20, Elizabeth: 12 It was a late summer afternoon at Pemberley, but this time, the Matlock's; save Richard, who has joined the army in the Horse of Guards and is currently deployed and unavailable, and the de Bourgh's have been invited to spend the summer with the Darcys and they have come. Only a few know of the real reason for all of the family getting together here. Mr. Darcy called his two children to his chambers. Mr. George Darcy was on his deathbed, and he knew it. When the door opened from the hall way, he heard William ask, "Father, may we come in?" "Come in, children." He called out. William asked in a worried tone of voice as Georgiana and he entered the Master chambers, "Father, are you well?" His father had not seemed that ill last night, but Mr. Darcy replied, "Son," He coughed for a bit, before he continued, "Please sit by me. Georgie, come here dear." They came and sat by and Georgie too hold of her father's hand. William asked in a worried tone, "You do not look well, Father. You are hot to the touch, I should call the doctor!" Georgie too echoed her brother, said, "Papa, please let William call a doctor for you!" Mr. Darcy looked towards his daughter, and said with a sad smile, "You look so much like your mother." Georgiana asked as she fought to keep from crying, "Do I, Papa? I can barely remember her. I always thought that I looked a little like Cousin Elizabeth or Cousin Rachel." William walked over and put his arm around his sister, she leaned up against him for the emotional support she needed. Mr. Darcy Sr. said after another coughing fit, "You do look like your mother, Georgiana, you always have. I am sad that you did not get more time with her! William, Georgiana, I have something to tell you… I have seen a doctor over the last year." He tried to sit more up in bed. William's brow contracted with worry clearly etched on his young face as he said, "Father, please tell us. Why have you seen Mr. Marcourt?" Mr. Darcy signed and said, "The reason why I have seen Mr. Marcourt is that, I am ill. Mr. Marcourt has diagnosed it to be terminal. I have known for quite a long time that my time was running out." Georgiana whimpered as her blue eyes filled with tears as she said, "Oh Papa! Do not leave us so soon!" William said with panic in his voice, "Father! I am not ready to lead Pemberley. It will go to ruin without you!" Mr. Darcy said as he held their hands, "I am sorry to be so frank, children, but it is the fact." Looking pointedly at William "William, I have taught you all that I can these past years. You have been a good student and have learned well. You are ready to take the reins. I have asked your uncle Matlock to help you become the Master of Pemberley. Georgiana, sweetie, do not cry. You have to be brave, both of you. Be the strength for each other!" William asked, "That is why the Matlock's and de Bourgh's have arrived, is it not, father? Because you want to have everyone here?" Mr. Darcy looked at his son and said, "Yes, William. Your uncle and aunt Matlock have known it for a while and I have made arrangements so you children are taken care of. Please take Georgie to sit with your cousins and bring your aunt and uncle Matlock and your cousin Elizabeth here. I wish to discuss other important matters privately with the four of you." William left the room, and five minutes later he returned with his Matlock aunt and uncle. When the doors to the chambers were closed for privacy, Patrick said to his brother, "George, here we are brother. Seems like you told your children!" "Yes Patrick, I have told them and I want you and my sister Constance to promise me to look after my children as your own. You remember the arrangement I made with Sir Lewis for William?" William was alarmed and asked, "What arrangement papa?" Mr. Darcy Sr. said, "You see William, your uncle Sir Lewis and I entered into a betrothal contract for you to marry your cousin Elizabeth when she turns 18, in order to protect her. You know she is completely alone in her own house, after your uncle's passing? Your aunt Catherine never cared for her. Your aunt Catherine wanted Anne betrothed to you. But I could see that Anne was not suitable for you and would be too easily manipulated by her mother. Both your mother and I saw how you behaved when you met Elizabeth for the first time, shortly after she was born. I knew you would be a good couple. Turning to Elizabeth, he said, "Elizabeth, do you still have the silver locket?" Elizabeth saw that all the family was looking at her and replied in a quiet tone of voice, "Yes, I do. I never take it off." "Have you ever looked inside it?" Mr. Darcy questioned. Elizabeth shook her head, opened the locket and gasped lightly, "It is...Pemberley." Mr. Darcy explained, "The locket is also a key to a drawer in the Mistress' Chambers; the draw contains the Darcy jewels; the Mistress jewels." "How?" Elizabeth questioned. Mr. Darcy said with a gleam in his eyes, "See Elizabeth that is a trade secret, I think your future husband will be quite happy to show you, and I think you will both take great pleasure in seeing it together – when you are ready." Patrick and Constance chuckled quietly. Mr. Darcy began coughing and Elizabeth was quick to get a glass of water and handed it a little shyly to Mr. Darcy. The Earl said, "Elizabeth, William you should know that the betrothal was made in order to protect both of your futures. We are of firm belief that you two are best suited for each other in intelligence, disposition and temper. We want you to marry for love and wish that be to each other. But there are stipulations made to break it too, if things turned out to be different. "What kind of stipulations, Uncle?" William asked in a worried tone of voice. Elizabeth looked worriedly at her uncle too. The Earl said, "Well, William, Elizabeth, to simply put, it was left to Elizabeth to opt out of marrying you if she falls in love with another. In that case you will be free to marry elsewhere." William exclaimed, "But that is not fair to not have me opt of it. We both might want to marry someone else! There are plenty of ladies who have more dowry and better estates then Cousin Elizabeth, who would be an attractive wife for me, father. I might wish to marry a woman with a title! Now I am stuck with her, unless she would not have me." Elizabeth ran out of the room with tears running down her face. His aunt Constance reproached him just as Elizabeth ran out of the room, "William, how can you say that to Elizabeth! You know how sensitive she is about her father's memory! Besides Elizabeth is the kindest person, I know. She has a natural grace about her that even the royalty themselves would not have! She has borne the news and remained quiet to give solace to your father while he is on his deathbed. How can you talk so callously? You have years to decide whether you suit each other" The Earl said in a furious tone, "William Darcy, you will apologise this minute to my niece! I will not have your arrogance to mark your father's deathbed, making him think ill of you! You remind me more of my sister, Catherine than of your own good mother. She would be ashamed of you this minute; if she could hear you speak so!" William replied, "It was not my intention to demean her father's memory! She can not expect everybody to fall at her feet and apologise for every little wrong word! She will only become spoilt, and will not grow up!" The Earl saw Elizabeth as his own daughter, since Lewis had died and said, "William, you will apologise to my d...niece. Otherwise you can forget about my support in London in the future. Do you agree with that, George?" George Darcy replied in the affirmative with a disappointed look at his son, William looked at his uncle, father and aunt and got disappointed looks from them all, and if there was one thing William hated seeing in his father's eyes, it was disappointment over his own behaviour. Therefore he conceded and left the room to apologise to Elizabeth, both to appease his father and also because deep down, he knew it had been wrong to say. Outside in the gardens, Elizabeth sank down under a tree near the lake, trying to calm down and get her temper back under control after hearing William had besmirched her father's memory, and her own character to some extent. After having searched for Elizabeth for a while, William saw her sitting near the lake. He went over and said, "Miss Elizabeth..." Elizabeth stood as she heard her cousin's voice, and she replied formally, "Mr. Darcy." with a curt tilt of her head. "I suppose I owe you an apology." he said stiffly. Elizabeth responded wearing her mask of indifference. "You assume right, Mr. Darcy. I may be your younger cousin, but I am hardly a child, I know my own worth. I know I am not marriage material and clearly not a beauty enough for your taste. But I too want to marry for love. But you did not need to degrade me before your dying father! It was unfeeling, and selfish!" William went on the defensive as she made her opinion known, "You speak of love; you can throw that idea out of your head, Elizabeth, as people in our level of society marry for advantages; money, status and rank. Love," he shrugged, "only happens in fairy tales anyway. Feelings and affections are not taken into consideration in the real world." Elizabeth took a deep breath to calm herself before saying, "Love is the most important thing in the world! The world without love is like without the Sun – dark and frozen. I may have wealth and connections, but I also have my brains, which are my most cherished assets. I know that my parents married for money and status and did not live a happy life. I also know that Uncle and Aunt Darcy married for affection and love. Uncle and Aunt Matlock also married for love. I can see it and that is the kind of marriage that I want! All you have is your limitless! I would not marry you either if you were the last man!" Any rebuke that was on William's lips was held back as he heard his uncle's voice, "WILLIAM! ELIZABETH! COME QUICKLY!" Elizabeth and William looked up and saw their uncle and without hesitation, they ran up towards the house, without realising they were holding hands. They saw Georgie was once again in the room holding her father's hand; tears streaming down her cheeks and listening to him speak softly. When Mr. Darcy saw that they returned, he said to William, "William, make it up with Elizabeth." William replied as he stood next to his father's bed, "Father, I am trying..." and looked over at Elizabeth. Elizabeth nodded her head, to indicate that she forgave him. Mr. Darcy said, "She will forgive you. She is young but very caring. You will find happiness with her." His breathing was uneven and irregular at best. William pleaded his father desperately, "Father, I...I will not let you down! You can trust me! Father, please stay with us!" Elizabeth could see the pain and sadness in William's face and carefully put her hand on his shoulder to give him strength. "Forget the betrothal, my son and court her like you would court any other woman." Mr. Darcy said after a deep breath. William choked on his words as he practically begged, "Father, please do not leave us!" His uncle promised his brother-in-law, "George, I will look after your family. Do not worry about them, we shall help them in any way they need us." Georgie said in a shaky voice, "I promise, father, I will look after Elizabeth and William. Mr. Darcy smiled at his young daughter, who was looking so like his late wife, "Thank you, Georgiana!" William replied in a thick voice as he tried to hold back his own tears, "I will look after her, father." The family heard as Mr Darcy said in almost a whisper, "Anne?" then he slumped back on his pillow, and they all knew that Mr. George Darcy had left them. Georgiana wailed as tears was streaming down her cheeks, "Do not leave us, Papa! Come back, Papa!" William was holding up no better, as tears were running down his cheeks as well. Her aunt Constance gathered her in her arms, and her uncle said as he placed a hand on Georgiana's shoulder, "Georgiana, he is at peace. He is with your mother, child."
Chapter 6 Rosings Park, April 1809 Elizabeth: 14, William: 22, Anne: 16 It was Easter time and William were visiting his aunt at Rosings to help her with estate management that his father used to do when he was alive and now was passed on to him. While he was going to the study after breaking his fast, Anne called to him to show something that excited her at the window. When he walked over to her, she slyly saw that her sister was coming that way and took an unsuspecting William's hand in hers and slightly bent to him, looking as though she was kissing him. Elizabeth walking that way on her way to the library, saw Anne and William standing close to each other as though in an intimate position, and a sob escaped her, and she fled from the scene. William heard the sob and his heart told him what he needed to know. He turned to Anne, pushed her away as he clearly could see what Elizabeth had thought she had seen. He said sternly, "How dare you, Anne?! I am betrothed to Elizabeth, and that is a fact which is not going to change, ever! My future is with Elizabeth! How dare you try and accost me? You will refrain from anything of that sort, and stop hurting Elizabeth! Do I make myself clear?" Anne screeched and said, "You are engaged to me! And not to that little brat! She is not a proper lady fit to manage Pemberley and will never leave Rosings, while I will prove to be the proper mistress!" William got, and said, "I will never marry you, Anne! You think you can get everything you want, but I am not a thing, and if I ever want to see you at Pemberley, I will make my wife invite you!" Then he left the room and hurried off to find Elizabeth. He got outside and scanned the garden for her, but did not find her anywhere. He suddenly knew where she would go – she would go to her father. He walked quickly to the cemetery, and found Elizabeth lying over her father's grave, crying. He went closer and put his hand on her shaking shoulders and asked, "Are you all right, Elizabeth?" Elizabeth stiffened when she felt the touch and said, "Do not touch me! Why would you kiss her?! Are you that much of a player, or do I know you that little? If that is the kind of man you are, then I do not like it! Please... do not touch me!" the last was said as almost as a plea. William's face reflected the anguish he was feeling as he removed his hand from her shoulder. He said in a panicked voice, "I did not kiss Anne! I know how it looked, Elizabeth, but it was she who was trying to kiss me! I pushed her away immediately, and told her to stop hurting you and stop accosting me! I told her that my future is with you. Then I hurried after you, I have always cared deeply for you, Elizabeth. I still do and more every time I see you." William carefully embraced Elizabeth gently, and said quietly, "It will always be you I want, Elizabeth." Elizabeth leaned into his embrace, and whispered for his ears alone, "I... I love you" Meanwhile Anne ran into the drawing room, calling, "Mama, Mama, I have something to tell you!" Lady Catherine replied, "What is it, Anne? Speak up, what is the matter?!" "Our plan has failed, Mama. William will not have me; he insists that he is in love with Elizabeth." Anne explained, even if she knew it was hopeless as William and Elizabeth were betrothed and engaged to be married. Lady Catherine arrogantly replied, "That is just stupidity speaking. He will marry you! I shall make sure that she knows that you are Darcy's wife-to-be." and thought, 'How to get that little brat away from William long enough for Anne to make an impression?' Anne said hysterically, "I am not, Mama. The betrothal is between Elizabeth and William, and not William and I. I remember how happy Father was about it, like it was yesterday." Lady Catherine said quietly, "Calm yourself!" Anne calmed down at her mother's composure, and Lady Catherine continued, "Well, that is just something we will have to change! You will marry Darcy and move to Pemberley! And join Rosings and Pemberley. I will see to it" Anne quieted quite a bit and wondered out loud, "Mama, what if I do not want to marry William? Maxwell would be a better match surely, since he will be the next Earl." Lady Catherine was startled. Deep down, she knew her brother would never entertain any such arrangements for his own children. He married for love and he would encourage his sons to do the same, to thwart any such notions, she simply said out loud, "What are you talking about?! Of course, you will marry Darcy, it was the dearest wish of your aunt Anne and myself, I will make sure it will happen!" Anne asked almost begging as she looked at her mother, "What can we do, Mama? He does not want me." Lady Catherine said in a sweet but laced with malice voice, "I will make sure that you have Darcy's full attention tomorrow. Elizabeth will stay inside, and of that I will make sure." Anne replied wickedly, "Another beating, Mama?" Lady Catherine joined her daughter in her laughter as she said, "The little brat has to learn that you are to marry Darcy, one way or the other." Anne's face lit up and said, "Thank you Mama; you are such a good mother!" Lady Catherine rose from her chair to go and get the whip before she made her way to Elizabeth's room. As Lady Catherine came into Elizabeth's room, Elizabeth paled visibly and moved away from her. She knew very well why her mother came into her room, there had always only been one reason; another beating. A whimper escaped her and soon the routine of Lady Catherine's whipping, and Elizabeth's begging started only to get more whipping. Elizabeth begged, "I promise I will be good! I will not get in Anne's way! Please, oh please, argh oh it hurts! Please stop, I beg you! I beg you?! Please!" Elizabeth cried and screamed out in anguish and pain as the whip hit her back time and again. Elizabeth lay still while she cried silently at the pain. She could not scream or cry out, if she wanted to be alive at the end of the day. This beating was worse than any she had ever gotten before. Elizabeth bit into her pillow to stop the scream which was forcing its way up her throat. She tried desperately to hold her scream within her and she was slowly losing conscience, her last thought before she welcomed the black of unconsciousness was "help me somebody." Just after lunch, Madeline came into Elizabeth's room and saw Elizabeth on the bed. She froze as she saw the state of her young charge. Her back covered in lashes clearly from a whip, and fresh with blood. "Oh, who have done this to you, sweetheart?" Madeline whispered quietly as she hurried to fetch water, cloth, bark of willow and antiseptic remedies. She had managed to clean Elizabeth's back before Elizabeth woke with a start, and almost jumped when she saw Madeline. She burst into tears as she knew that Maddie had seen her back and now knew her secret. "Lizziebeth, tell me what has happened to you?" Madeline asked and looked at Elizabeth and saw fear and apprehension in her eyes. Elizabeth replied in quiet voice, "Lady Ca..." "Your mother? What did she do?" "She... whipped..." Elizabeth took a deep breath and tried again, "She whipped me." Horrified, Madeline asked, "When did this start to happen?" she feared the answer, since from what she had seen, the scars were years old. It also meant that she had not seen the signs, and she did not take good care of her charge as a governess, "Nearly since Papa..." Madeline's heart broke that she had not detected the signs of abuse before, the person Elizabeth needed in her life to rely upon and care for her. "Since your father died. Why did you not tell me?" "I was afraid... I am afraid..." "Why could you not tell me? I am not a monster." Madeline asked, she herself was upset but kept her calm as not to scare Elizabeth. "I know... but she said that if I told...she would..." Elizabeth replied as tears continue to fall. "She would beat you again." Madeline finished and cursed Lady Catherine for ever laying a hand on her charge, the young girl she had come to think of as her own. "Yes, and more." "Can I look at your front?" Madeline asked. "Yes, but please do not touch!" Madeline's heart broke again at the tone of Elizabeth's voice as she replied, "Of course, I would not." Madeline was thankful that Elizabeth's front was nearly free of scars, but a few around her stomach. Madeline said as she looked at the scars, "I am writing your Uncle Matlock, about this!" Elizabeth exclaimed, "No! No, Maddie, you cannot! Do you not see if Lady Catherine gets an angry letter from Uncle about this, then she will know that I have spoken about it and I will be beaten again?" Madeline sighed and said, "Unfortunately yes, you are right, dearest. But then again, your uncle and cousins are due for another visit soon, and then I will tell them." Elizabeth agreed, "We cannot talk about this! Nobody can know, Maddie! She will beat me ever so harshly if ever word got out in the house." Maddie nodded her accept, and said, "All right, you must let me know when you need help, with anything." Elizabeth nodded. Madeline left Elizabeth's room to get some lavender oil, which was good on scars. She dared not think about what young Mr. Darcy would say to this! Elizabeth was his betrothed. Rosings Park, July 1809 (Three months later) It was two years after Mr. Darcy's death, and now the Matlock's were to visit. Elizabeth knew that William would accompany them, as had become his habit since his father's death. Georgiana was at Pemberley with her governess. Lady Catherine had just that morning asked a maid to tighten her corset yet again. Her wounds from the earlier beatings had not yet healed and the tight corset was cutting into them. Breathing was becoming quite an ordeal and although Elizabeth was furiously using her fan to keep cool, the wait for the Matlock's was becoming unbearable. Finally, they arrived; Elizabeth was surprised that they had brought Maxwell, along with William. Elizabeth tried to make her fanning seem relaxed and normal; nobody could know how ill she felt. When it was her turn, she greeted the guests with as much composure as possible even though her body was complaining. William and Maxwell noted how Elizabeth had to keep fanning herself, and her irregular breathing, which she nearly hid from everybody. The guests were shown to their rooms and they all retired until it was time for dinner. Dinner was a silent affair, besides Anne animatedly talking of her horses, her dogs, her sewing, her painting and other things, which William had blocked out. Elizabeth had been quiet during the meal, not eating much but picking at it and only replied when she was directly spoken to. Both the Countess and the Earl had noted how pale and quiet Elizabeth had become, and it confused them as she always had been loquacious and bright when she was in Matlock. William and Maxwell exchanged looks, they were both worried about Elizabeth, something was wrong. They also noted that she was fanning herself quite frequently. William, who was seated next to her could not hold down his curiosity anymore and asked quietly, "Elizabeth, are you feeling ill?" Elizabeth looked up, and he immediately noted the pain, fear and tiredness in them. She replied in close to whisper, "Just slightly" and returned to picking at her meal until it was time to leave. When dinner was completed, no separation of sexes occurred, and everyone moved to the drawing room to enjoy some coffee and tea. Elizabeth was on her way to a chair in the corner with a book when she felt faint and before she could grab a chair to hold, everything went black. William who was very attuned to where Elizabeth was, heard more than saw Elizabeth collapse and rushed to catch her. Maxwell who was also nearby came rushing and helped one cousin help the other to a sofa and said, "What is wrong with her? This is not normal!" "Looks like she is burning up! This explains why she was fanning herself even during dinner." Lord Matlock immediately asked Maxwell to send a servant to fetch a doctor and instructed William to take her to her room. William did as he was told and walked up the stairs with her in his arms to take her to her room with his Aunt Constance right on his heels. He got Elizabeth into her room and laid her on her bed. His aunt took over to cover her with a counterpane. Elizabeth woke up whimpering, and William was again immediately by her said calming her with, "Shh, Elizabeth, you are safe." Elizabeth slowly opened her eyes and asked, "What happened?" Her aunt sitting close to her on the other side replied "You fainted, my dear! Your Uncle asked William to carry you here and sent for the doctor. I am sure you are in need of a doctor; you are burning up with fever. How long have you been feeling ill?" "I have been feeling dizzy and hot for days. I thought it was nothing to worry about. I took some bark of willow last night and I thought it would go away." Her aunt asked William to wait outside so she could get Elizabeth more comfortable. After he left the room, she brought a nightgown from her closet. When Elizabeth got up from her bed to change, she realized that she needed help with the corset and her aunt would know everything! As she was hesitating what to do, her aunt asked what was wrong and Elizabeth whispered, "I need help aunt; with the corset". As she helped her niece with the corset, her aunt saw it all. She saw how badly her niece was bruised and has fresh wounds all over her torso. She gasped horrified and asked, "Elizabeth... what ... what is this?! What happened, my child?" Elizabeth swallowed and knew it was time to reveal all. She slowly started by saying, "My childhood." "Elizabeth, who has done this to you?!" Her aunt was both getting angry at her sister and had tears for her niece seeing such abuse. Elizabeth swallowed again as she was choking on the words she had been told never to say, "Lady Catherine." Madeline was returning to Elizabeth's room and saw William outside and asked what was going on. He indicated that Elizabeth was inside and needed help with her dress. She opened the door and rushed over and said, "Lizziebeth! Are you all right, dearest?" "I fainted in the library, Maddie. William brought me here and aunt is helping me change." With her aunt and Maddie's support, she changed into her night clothes and got back into bed as Maddie covered her again in the counterpane. Her aunt opened the door and saw William and now speaking quietly with her husband. She went to them and explained everything that she saw and what little Elizabeth told her, which they always suspected. William was furious. "Uncle, you have to do something! One: Elizabeth has a fever, and two: she has been whipped, and from what my aunt tells me, it has been going on for months, perhaps, years. If you do not take her away from here, I will and to hell with the consequences! I am not leaving her here on her own again!" The Earl shook his head and said calmly "William, it is not proper for her to go with you. Your aunt and I will take care of her. We will take Elizabeth away from here." He went over to Madeline and inquired, "Have Elizabeth, been abused in this environment?" Madeline replied, "Yes, my Lord. She has scars on her back to prove that the abuse has been going on for years. Miss Elizabeth also told me that she was put into a tight corset since she was nine years old." "My god! Be kind enough to pack her things. We are taking her with us to Matlock as soon as she gets well. But for now, I have a doctor called. She is running a fever and that needs taken care of before she is moved." William was back at her side, holding her hands as he said, "Elizabeth, I promise she will never hurt you again! I will not allow her to come anywhere near you again! You are leaving Rosings for good this time!" Elizabeth looked into his eyes and saw only dedication and truth as she whispered, "Thank you, William." and squeezed his hand gently. For the first time he could see the woman Elizabeth was becoming and said, "Elizabeth, I want to apologize truly for how I behaved when my father died, it was unforgivable of me to besmirch your father's memory like that. Can we start over?" "You need not apologize, William. Your father was dying; you were under strain by that alone. But yes, let us start over again." William smiled and said, "Thank you." and gently kissed her hand and saw her blush.
Chapter 7: Leaving Rosings 1809, Rosings Park, Kent William: 22, Elizabeth: 14 The doctor who was summoned for Miss Elizabeth had been absolutely horrified at what had been done to the young lady and told Miss Moore in no uncertain terms that her charge was never to wear a whalebone corset again, or else she would have everlasting damage to her back. The most recent scars were on the mend and would fade away slowly, but she had to stay in bed until her fever went down. William and Maxwell were both very angry and horrified that so much damage had been done to their youngest cousin. But mostly everybody blamed themselves that they had not seen or understood what was happening at Rosings. The Earl had been furious at what his sister had done to Elizabeth and had duly and thoroughly reprimanded Lady Catherine. Maxwell, who happened to be in the same room reported as such to William who was sitting with Elizabeth in her room with Madeline acting as a chaperone. As they walked out, he reported, "Father yelled at Aunt Catherine how she could do that to a child; that too, to her own daughter!" "She deserves more than a yelling," William said coldly, suppressing his anger just thinking of how badly Elizabeth had been hurt. "If I were Uncle Patrick, I would banish her from the family." William continued with gritted teeth. "I know, Will. I understand what you are feeling. I will support you in appealing to Father to find a way to end Aunt Catherine's barbarism toward Cousin Elizabeth." Maxwell promised. The next day saw Elizabeth's continued confinement to her bedchambers with William, Maxwell and Madeline for company, while the Earl and the Countess were busy giving Lady Catherine another piece of their minds. In Elizabeth's chambers, Elizabeth said: "William, please... please get uncle to allow me to travel with them tomorrow. You know it is just a slight fever, and the scars will not heal for months. Please Will?" William could not resist Elizabeth's big brown eyes pleading him and his resolve was breaking to keep her in her bed per the doctor's orders until the fever went down. He sighed and said gently, "Elizabeth, you really need some rest. Please do not look at me like that!" Madeline could not help but smile at the interaction between her charge and young Darcy. "Please Will. I am not so sick! It is only a slight fever." "A slight fever, you say? You were burning up last night!" "Please Will; I really want to leave Rosings. Please persuade uncle?" Elizabeth made puppy dog eyes at him. He closed his eyes and said, "Elizabeth ... please! You know I cannot deny you anything." "That was the plan, Will." Madeline, who knew how sick her charge was and supported William by saying, "Miss Elizabeth, you are staying in bed until tomorrow at the earliest. You still get dizzy and were tossing and turning all night long." William was alarmed at what Miss Moore had revealed and said, "Forgive me Elizabeth! You should have told me that you got dizzy!" "It does not matter, Will. Promise me you will talk to uncle?" "All right, I will. Now you get some rest. I will go to uncle directly and send Aunt Constance to sit with you." "No... No, no, Will, please stay? Could we not call Uncle and Aunt to us?" And of course, he did stay with her. Later, the Earl and Countess were finally persuaded to let Elizabeth travel with them to Matlock in two days time when her fever was subsided, and the doctor was satisfied of her condition, but not before William, Maxwell and Elizabeth were practically begging them to take Elizabeth away from Rosings. The journey to Matlock, was swift after they had weathered a verbal fight with Lady Catherine about taking Elizabeth away and not taking Anne with them, but the Earl was furious and just said: "Catherine, as the head of this family and her legal guardian, if you recall my brother's last Will, I have the final say and we are taking Elizabeth with us. You can have nothing further to say in this regard." And so, Elizabeth was freed from Rosings. Matlock Lake House, Derbyshire, 1809 It was but a few short days after Elizabeth was moved to Matlock that one morning, the Earl and the Countess had, sat down their lawyer to review legal documents pertaining to Elizabeth. She was to inherit; the estate, the lands her father had procured at various locations, and a dowry of £30,000. And if she refused, Rosings Park would go to Richard, their second son. After seeing how brutally their sister treated Elizabeth, the Earl and the Countess had decided to legally adopt Elizabeth if she too desired it and their lawyer had brought the draft for review. Elizabeth was by then fully recovered and was allowed to leave her rooms to spend time with her cousins. She was summoned to the study where her Uncle and Aunt sat. When she came in, they explained everything to Elizabeth; her inheritance and the adoption. She vaguely remembered that her father had not left her destitute when he died. She only now learned the extent of her fortune. She did not want to return to her birth mother and Rosings and anything that her Uncle could do in that regard was agreeable. After listening to everything that was told, Elizabeth said with tears in her eyes, "Uncle, I never want to return to Rosings! I would be honoured to call you Father and make this my home. Please uncle, do everything you can to make me your daughter." Her Uncle also explained to her that when she was of age, she would inherit Rosings if she refuses it, it will go to Richard but would still get a monthly allowance. The Earl explained, "That is because you are the heir apparent decreed by your father's will. Therefore, you will get an allowance even if you reject Rosings." Elizabeth read the adoption papers and tears welled up in her eyes in happiness. These papers would make her a part of her Uncle's family, a loving and caring family! She would have brothers and sisters who loved her and not pick on her and complain of her all the time. She asked: "Aunt Constance, will I also get your name?" Her aunt replied with a smile: "Only if you wish it. You may change your name to Fitzwilliam-de Bourgh or de Bourgh-Fitzwilliam. Whatever you like, Elizabeth." Elizabeth smiled, and said that she desired to change her name to Elizabeth Fitzwilliam instead of De Bourgh. It would only be a reminder of her horrible childhood if she kept the name. Her aunt and uncle signed the adoption papers. Countess Constance Fitzwilliam said as she embraced her new daughter: "Welcome home, sweetheart." Elizabeth began crying softly, while Constance and Patrick embraced and consoled her. That evening, after a cosy night with her new siblings and parents, she had gone to her rooms. For the first time, she was not afraid of being in an empty room. Madeline joined her shortly after, and said: "Sweetheart, I am so happy to see you at last with a loving and caring family. Now you have both parents who love you very much, older brothers who will protect you and sisters to learn from how to become a Lady. They will help you forget these past few years since your beloved Father's passing and help you heal." Elizabeth smiled and said: "Yes! My new family is everything I ever wished for, Maddie! I only have you to thank for this!" Madeline helped her into her nightdress, and said: "Now get some sleep, sweetheart. I will see you tomorrow." And kissed her on her forehead, before she left. Elizabeth slept that night without nightmares.
Chapter 8: Meetings and Wedding 1809, Matlock After 2 months at Matlock, frequent visits from Georgianna and William and lots of time with her new family; Elizabeth quickly began feeling at home. Her new siblings were very protective of her, and did not allow anyone close to her when she was alone. Particularly Maxwell, was very protective and looked after his younger sister, - he did not want her hurt anymore. Especially because he had seen what had happening at Rosings, and the injuries it had cost. The Countess was very happy to finally have Elizabeth in Matlock, and she was so happy to see her children being so protective of their new sister. Richard was the son, who Elizabeth bonded with over his funny stories, and how close he was with William, Richard was also the one who gave Elizabeth a better insight into her sometimes aloof cousin William, and an insight into her pretty young cousin Georgiana. Maxwell though, she developed a stronger bond with, that she could go to him for anything, he listened when she needed it and he gave her advice when she felt that it was needed. Her sisters; Rachel and Mary-Rose though they were older than herself, and were out – they still needed to bond and become real sisters very fast after Elizabeth's adoption into the family – they bonded over books, music, their brothers and family mostly. Madeline was thrilled to see the family ties that Elizabeth had been in need of for years developing between the Fitzwilliam family. She herself wrote long letters to Edward Gardiner, the man who was courting her, and who had asked her to marry him. She told him of how happy she was to see her charge become the young woman, she hoped she would become and that she finally had the family she deserved. The pending wedding of Lady Rachel Fitzwilliam to Viscount Jonathan Blake was in all the gossip columns, and the Fitzwilliam Matriarch was busy arranging the whole wedding alongside her daughter, Rachel. Rachel was talking constantly about her fiancé Jonathan; they had known each other for years. Elizabeth was looking forward to meeting her soon to be brother-in-law, he sounded very pleasant from her sister's comments. It was a normal day in the Fitzwilliam home, when Viscount Blake and Lord Blake were announced at tea time. Elizabeth glanced over at her sister, who had a blooming red colour cover her cheeks, Mary-Rose met her eyes and winked teasingly at her, where to Elizabeth had to suppress her giggles. Their mother looked on fondly for a moment before she sent her three daughters a warning glance, just as their guests entered the room. Viscount Jonathan Blake was a man of six and twenty years, black hair and grey kind eyes, he bowed shortly followed by his younger brother Lord Daniel. Countess Matlock said, "Viscount Blake, I do not believe you have met my youngest daughter, Elizabeth." Elizabeth stood and made a curtsy, "My Lord." He smiled, "Lady Elizabeth, it is a pleasure to meet you at last. Your sister has told me all about you." "I hope nothing too horrible, Your Lordship." Rachel commented with a fond smile, "All positive things, Elizabeth." Elizabeth smiled at her sister and her fiancé, "May I congratulate you on your upcoming nuptials, Your Lordship." Jonathan smiled, "Thank you, your sister make me very happy." Soon after Jonathan and Rachel was sitting in a corner, planning and talking, while it was left to Mary-Rose to introduce the younger Blake, "Elizabeth, this is Viscount Jonathan's brother Daniel, um, Lord Daniel Blake." Elizabeth curtsied, "Lord Daniel, it is a pleasure indeed." "I assure you the pleasure is mine, Lady Elizabeth." Lord Daniel said. He was a man of four and twenty years, with the same black hair as his brother but with electric blue eyes instead of grey. Mary-Rose said, "Lord Daniel and I met when I came out. I have told him everything about my new younger sister." "Mary-Rose! Hopefully you have not told him shocking stories!" "Not to worry, Lady Elizabeth, Lady Mary-Rose has only expressed how fond she is of you." Lord Daniel interceded, and then looked at Mary-Rose, "I actually came to speak with you, Mary. Somewhere private, please." They left the room, and Elizabeth sent her mother a look of wonder and expectation, and her mother subtly nodded. London 1810, February One day Madeline Moore had gotten permission to take Elizabeth with her to London, after the Fitzwilliam family had moved to their townhouse, because she wanted Elizabeth to meet Edward Gardiner, her fiancé. Elizabeth was clinging to Madeline, since she did not feel safe without her new family and Maddie, "Are you afraid, Lizziebeth?" Elizabeth nodded and clung even tighter to Maddie's arm. As they made it to Hyde Park, a man came over, - Elizabeth hid a bit behind Madeline, even if she knew she was too old to be hiding. The man said with a smile: "Hello Madeline." and kissed her hand as a gentleman ought to. "Hello Edward, it is wonderful to see you again. This is Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam." Madeline introduced. Elizabeth by now stood by Maddie's side, and she curtsied and said in a whisper: "It is a pleasure, Mr. Gardiner." Edward Gardiner smiled and said: "The pleasure is mine, Lady Elizabeth." "Elizabeth, please." Elizabeth returned in a shy tone of voice. Edward smiled, and Madeline said: "Elizabeth, Edward has asked me to marry him, which means that you will need a new companion, sweetheart." "But Maddie….I am…" "I know, sweetheart. But Edward has suggested his niece Jane, - she is a little more than three years your senior, and, she is gentle and kind." Mr. Gardiner added, "And Jane is unable to think badly about people, - and she is loyal and very protective, since she is the second eldest of five siblings." Elizabeth just nodded and Maddie said: "I will arrange a meeting with young Miss Jane, so she can visit the London house, if you wish to meet her, Elizabeth? We do have to coordinate with your presentation plans, Elizabeth, Edward's occupation and the Bennet family's plans." Elizabeth merely nodded, "I do wish to meet, Miss Bennet, before we discuss it further with my parents, Maddie." Edward said: "It would be the easiest if the meeting were here in London, - but, if necessary, I can escort Jane to Derbyshire later in the year." Madeline smiled and touched Mr. Gardiner's arm. Elizabeth tried to bolster her courage, - and as her eyes met Mr. Gardiner's smiling eyes, she felt more calm and relaxed slightly. "Do you like books, Lady Elizabeth?" "Yes I do, Mr. Gardiner, Maddie has installed her love of litterateur in me." Mr. Gardiner looked at Madeline with a smirk, and Madeline blushed and laughed. Mr. Gardiner said: "Can I suggest we then visit the book shop, there is one just around the corner." Elizabeth looked at Madeline with begging in her eyes, "Please Maddie?" Madeline said with an indulgent smile: "Yes, of course, Elizabeth." Mr. Gardiner asked as they entered the shop a few minutes later, "Any preferences, Lady Elizabeth?" Elizabeth looked around with eyes shining in delight, "Oh, novels, history…poetry, please…" Madeline said: "Elizabeth is able to read and understand several languages already. English, French, German, Latin and has recently asked about learning Italian." Mr. Gardiner said: "You are a very intelligent lady it seems, but it should not surprise me with Madeline as your governess." As Elizabeth was looking through the shelves, Edward Gardiner and Madeline talked quietly about Elizabeth, since they both wanted to do the best for the girl. As Edward Gardiner went over to Elizabeth to help her, he found her sitting on a pillow on the floor soaking up the pages in a book she was currently reading. "Have you found something you like, Lady Elizabeth?" Mr. Gardiner asked. Elizabeth nearly jumped as she was dragged out of the world of the book by Mr. Gardiner's voice. "Oh...oh yes...yes Mr. Gardiner, a few." Elizabeth replied. "If you will allow me, I would like to gift them to you? Maybe one day I can hope to be viewed in as positive light as Madeline?" Mr. Gardiner asked. Elizabeth searched his eyes for truth and found a fondness and caring, she had only experienced with Maddie and now her new family. Elizabeth liked Mr. Gardiner, he was kind and he seemed like he cared for Maddie, deeply. "Thank you, Mr. Gardiner, - you are very kind." Elizabeth said in a shy voice. Mr. Gardiner knew that the young girl had been through a lot but not precisely what, since Madeline would not reveal anything of the particulars of her young charges life at Rosings Park. After they left the bookshop, Edward Gardiner followed them home to the Fitzwilliam townhouse. London, a few days later 1810 Matlock Town House Elizabeth was sitting in her room, in her family's townhouse, reading in the window seat where Madeline had left her not ten minutes earlier. Just then her maid, Melanie, came in and said, "Lady Elizabeth, the Countess wants you in the blue sitting room as Miss Moore is waiting with a young lady and a gentleman." "Thank you, Melanie. I will go down right now. Am I presentable?" Elizabeth asked. "Yes, milady, you are." Elizabeth walked down, straightened her dress, and walked into the blue sitting room with her head held high and made a flawless curtsy to the women and gentleman in the room. Madeline rose and said, "Lady Elizabeth, this is Jane Bennet, Edward's niece. I am sure you remember my fiancée, Elizabeth, dear. Jane, this is Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam, my student and charge." Both girls curtsied, - and Jane said, "I am glad to finally make your acquaintance, Lady Elizabeth." "Please call me Elizabeth, Miss Bennet." Jane replied, "Only if you call me, Jane." Elizabeth smiled and said: "Agreed." Constance Fitzwilliam was delighted to see her daughter talking so animatedly with Jane Bennet and, as the girls were seated in a corner talking, she said to Madeline: "Thank you, Miss Moore. It was a good idea" "I could see that Elizabeth needed friends and companions her own age, and thought Jane could draw her out before she would be introduced to the rest of the Bennet's after I marry Edward, once Elizabeth is ready to be presented in two years or so." And she smiled at her fiancée. "Excellent idea, Miss Moore." The countess said with a smile for the couple. "I am glad to help, Countess. Elizabeth means a lot to me." Madeline replied respectfully. Then the two women and Edward Gardiner talked until he took Jane with him, after the two girls promised to write each other. The days following the introduction of Jane to Elizabeth, the Fitzwilliam family's private messenger was very busy since Elizabeth and Jane at once started their correspondence, so letters were riding between Cheapside and Mayfair twice or more a day. A week later, the wedding of Rachel and Viscount Jonathan was about to happen, Elizabeth was waiting in the attaché room with Rachel, Mary-Rose and their father. Mary-Rose was giving Rachel calming words as she was a little nervous. Elizabeth then looked at her sister's and said, "Rach, you love Jonathan do you not?" Rachel looked surprised at her youngest sister, "Yes, I do." "Then trust that love, trust that he loves you, and he is at least as nervous as you. I am sure at this very moment; Lord Daniel is either forcing a glass of brandy down his throat or keeping him from coming here to collect you himself." Their father chuckled, and all three girls looked at him, "I just remember something very similar happening on my wedding day to your mother." He commented. Then the music began, and Elizabeth and Mary-Rose gave Rachel a quick hug, before they entered the church first, as bridesmaids. As Mary-Rose was the Maid of Honour, Elizabeth sat down next to her mother, looked around and saw Jonathan and Daniel stand at the altar, Jonathan looked happy, barely able to keep a delighted smile from breaking out on his face. Soon after Rachel was standing next to him and they were wedded, and finally pronounced to be, The Viscount and Lady Blake. One day, two weeks after Jane and Elizabeth had met; Elizabeth and Maddie were sitting in one of the sitting rooms; with Mary-Rose and their mother. Elizabeth was writing to Jane, Mary-Rose was talking and sewing a bit with their mother who was engaged at her desk, when a footman came in and announced, "Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy and Georgiana Darcy, Madame." Elizabeth tensed up; after she had been removed from Rosings, she had more or less accepted that she found her cousin very, very handsome, especially when he smiled. Everybody rose and made their curtsy and bow, and Countess Matlock said, "William, Georgiana, I thought you would not come before tomorrow?" "Change of plans, aunt. I apologise. I hope we can stay for a while?" William said with a calm, if a bit apprehensive, tone of voice. "Of course you can, I was just about to call for tea; Richard and Maxwell are at the club and your uncle is in Parliament. Sit down." Elizabeth followed her sister's lead, and continued with her letter silently, until she finished, - just as a cup of tea was sat down next to her. She looked up and saw William, he said: "Two small spoons of sugar and a bit of milk, if I remember correctly?" Elizabeth did not quite follow; - she was completely lost in his blue eyes, when she realised he had talked to her, "Oh yes...you remember correctly, Cousin William." Elizabeth managed to say with a smile at the end. Seeing Elizabeth smiling brought a smile to his face, and Elizabeth blushed at the attention he was paying her, especially since her mother and two of her siblings were in the room, "Thank you." She whispered; it was for more than just the tea she thanked him and they both knew it. When William was sitting down with his tea, he could not help but observe Elizabeth and note that she looked happier than he had seen her in a long time. Elizabeth knew that she was observed, and knew it was William, she was glad she had her back to him, as she was blushing heavily.
AU; I dedicate this chapter to the memory of my beloved grandmother who lost her battle to cancer Chapter 9: Elizabeth's 16th birthday Matlock Lake House, Derbyshire April 16th-17th 1811 William: 24 Elizabeth: 16 Almost two years have passed since Elizabeth had become a Fitzwilliam and she had become quite a lady; both in looks and accomplishments. She had been free to pursue anything which took her fancy; riding, reading, sewing, painting, walking, writing, languages and more. It was the night before Elizabeth's 16th birthday, - and the whole family was gathered in Matlock, to celebrate, all the cousins; Maxwell, Mary-Rose, Rachel, Richard, Georgianna, William and Elizabeth including Viscount Jonathan and Lord Daniel Blake. Mary-Rose suggested they play a game of "Spin the bottle". They began and soon the bottle was pointed at Daniel Blake, and Mary-Rose said: "I dare you, Daniel, to..." She smiled mischievously. "... to kiss Elizabeth" Elizabeth and Daniel looked at Mary-Rose with shock written all over their faces. Daniel looked like he wanted to be but there at that moment, as he replied, "You are truly evil, dear." Mary-Rose just smirked, then Daniel looked at Elizabeth and asked awkwardly: "Do you mind, Elizabeth?" "No." Elizabeth answered while she looked decidedly embarrassed. Daniel leaned over, and placed a very chaste kiss on the corner of her mouth. As he drew away, he saw how red Elizabeth had turned in embarrassment and pitied her at her sister's mischief. As Daniel and Elizabeth laughed awkwardly at their own embarrassment at the kiss, Maxwell noticed that William had left the room. He followed to where William was standing at a window on the other side of the hall. He asked: "Will, what is wrong?" "I do not like the way Daniel kissed our cousin. It was not proper." "Will, it was just a game and you know Mary-Rose, how mischievous she can get! Elizabeth and Daniel did not have a choice but to comply. Besides, Mary-Rose knows the constancy of her beau and allowed him to kiss her sister." "Daniel did not have to do what she said. You could have taken control of the situation." "I would do no such thing and be a spoil-sport!" Max suddenly had an epiphany and asked, "Will... are you jealous?" Maxwell looked at William for a moment and saw several feelings flickered on his face: "You love her!" Darcy opened and shut his mouth a few times before saying: "She is my betrothed, and I would have liked to be her first kiss and not someone else in a stupid game." Maxwell laughed out at his cousin's expense and said "You are hit hard cousin, but relax! That was not a serious kiss and you will have your chance when you two realize your true feelings for each other" He knew the jealousy. He was himself deeply in love with a Lady Marina Campbell, daughter of the Earl of Wiltshire, of Wiltshire and Campbell Hillside Manor that he had requested to court since her coming out last Season. He was waiting for his lady to realise her feelings before declaring himself to her. In the drawing room: After the shock of what happened had worn off, Elizabeth remembered the way her cousin William looked at her. His eyes full of an emotion she could not name. She always had an odd feeling of butterflies in her stomach when ever their eyes met, or he said something directly to her with his dimpled smile. She felt nothing of that sort with this chaste kiss. It was simply a part of the game for her too, but noticed a look of pain in his eyes, just before he left the room. Elizabeth suddenly understood what that feeling could be. Is it love? she thought. Is William in love with me? Do I love him too? Oh! I have caused him pain and he shall never forgive me! How wretched I am! Before breaking down in tears. A few minutes later when William and Maxwell came back to the room, they found Mary-Rose and Rachel consoling Elizabeth. He looked pointedly at Maxwell, who understood and immediately ushered everyone out of the room to retire and left him alone with Elizabeth. William sat next to her and held her comfortingly as she whispered: "Oh what have I done?! Will you ever forgive me?" William comforted her by saying, "Elizabeth, there is nothing to forgive. Although I was momentarily jealous, I am not anymore. I would not have you feel miserable on this silly game. Come, it is late, and we must retire" He wiped the tears off her cheeks and taking her hand, lead her out and to her bedroom door. He then bent to kiss her hand and bid her goodnight before leaving to his own room. The next day. April 17th The family was all gathered - with the exception of Lady Catherine and Anne - to celebrate Elizabeth's birthday. When Elizabeth woke, it was with a smile on her face. It was her birthday and, for the first time in years, she would be celebrated by her family. After bidding her a happy birthday with the rest of the family, William watched from afar how wonderful she looked in a new emerald green dress, a smile on her face and her fine sparkling eyes so alive. He had never seen her look happier than that day. He could see that she was transforming quickly from a girl to a young woman. He was allowing himself to fall in love with her, now that she was sixteen and would soon come out. He would start wooing her to win her heart properly. Until now, he only cared for her like he cared for his other cousins or his own sister. He could not help himself following Elizabeth with his eyes. She was speaking to Mary-Rose and Georgiana and was laughing at something her sister had said. At one point, their eyes had met, and she smiled shyly at him. He went to her as she opened her gifts. He had given her a rare book of Shakespeare's sonnets, which he requested Mr Gardiner to be on the lookout and luckily found that he knew she was seeking and complete with a beautiful book-mark. Georgiana had gotten her a simple straw bonnet with a dark green ribbon; green was Elizabeth's favourite colour. She had embraced her and thanked them profusely for her gifts. Elizabeth did notice that William was not himself and it hurt her not knowing why. She was confused about her own feelings which wavered between cousinly affection and something else only towards him, which she did not recognise. He acted as a cousin one minute, and the next she could see deeper feelings in his eyes when thought no one was looking at him. Maxwell saw how William acted and could not help but think he was a fool! He shared with Richard about his conversation with William and the teasing of their cousin began. "Good morning, William." Richard said in a light tone of voice. William had only lifted an eyebrow at him and continued to pour a cup of coffee and glance at the news-paper. Maxwell said as he entered the breakfast parlour: "Good morning, brother, good morning William, how is your lady love this morning?" William choked on the sip of coffee - and coughed violently into his serviette. Both brothers laughed at him for his obvious response to their teasing. "I do not know what you are eluding to, cousin." William stated. Richard could not stop himself from saying, "I thought it was rather obvious that you, cousin, are rather fond of our youngest sister." William's eyes widened, and his cheeks turned a faint shade of red as he quickly hid his face behind the news-paper, but neither brother missed it. Elizabeth had never had such a wonderful birthday. She had noted that one of the many gifts was from Mr Edward Gardiner, Madeline's fiancé. She could almost guess what he had sent. Madeline had whispered: "Come on, Lizziebeth, open your presents." She had done as Madeline had suggested and found ten different books from Edward Gardiner! All new ones! They were in French, English, and Latin; there was even one in Italian, which she had been studying with Madeline for the past two years. Elizabeth said with a smile: "Remind me to write to Uncle Gardiner later, Maddie," as she began to calling him alongside Jane, since their introduction. As the afternoon continued and the presents were opened, she was overjoyed with the variety of gifts – books, jewellery, jewellery case, sheet music and a letter of commissioning to have her portrait done. One of the biggest pleasures of receiving was a gift from Miss Jane Bennet and her family. It was a package containing a handmade dress with the finest embroidery on the bodice and a matching bonnet. It was cheery yellow in colour with the embroidery in white. Elizabeth had carefully touched the dress and smiled at the care Jane had put into a project like this. The last present she opened was a letter addressed to her. Elizabeth opened it, and was shocked to recognise the script as her father's. With trembling hands, she opened to read; Dearest Elizabeth, Today is your 16th birthday; congratulations sweetheart. I hope today is a memorable day for you; it is a norm in my family to hand down a piece of wisdom when one reaches this age. I present you with this diary. I want you to fill the pages with your thoughts, special thoughts about your wonderful life. You start a journey between who you think you are and who you can be. My Elizabeth I want you to know that no matter what, I will always love you. Remember not to let anything or anyone make you fearful. Life is too short to while away in fright and pity. Just believe in yourself, Lizziebeth. If you are reading this, I am no longer with you, but know that I have always loved you. I have planned with your Uncle for a trip for you - when you turn 17, you shall visit France, Italy, Russia and Denmark. I am sorry that I shall not accompany you on this momentous voyage. I believe that every young lady, just like any young man, needs to experience the world before being presented at Court or married. It is to journey and learn all you can from the world - and make new friends. I shall always be with you in your heart I shall miss you becoming a beautiful young lady, my dearest girl. Please remember to stay true to yourself, your ideas and principles. My dearest Lizziebeth – fall in love and live life to the fullest. You should also know that a betrothal was made for you while you were still in your cribs to your cousin; I saw him to be a very caring boy and hoped he would become a man whom you could love and esteem. I hope that my estimation is not proven wrong and you will find happiness with him. Your devoted father Lewis De Bourgh As she finished reading her letter, she ran out of the room with tears running down her cheeks. Madeline and William both stood to go after her but with a quick look from her mother that only he continued and found her in the library crying. William asked who the letter was from and she handed over it to him to read. He read the letter and understood why it had left Elizabeth in tears. It was a heart-warming, tender and compassionate letter. It also confirmed Elizabeth's future with him. William pulled her to him and comforted her by whispering: "I will always care about you. Everything will be alright Beth, - shh, everything is fine." After she calmed down, Elizabeth realised how tenderly William consoled her and asked, "William, I am confused the way you treat me. You are playful at one moment and silent and distant the other. I am confused enough with my own feelings to have to understand yours too." "I apologise for my manners Elizabeth. I realised something last night – that I care deeply for you, and I always have. I have been fighting with my own feelings, over that fact and that I want to do right by you. We are betrothed but I shall not have you feel obligated to fulfil that agreement. I want to court you as you deserve, if you wish for it of course and when you are ready. I want to win your heart as if there was no contract binding us together." Elizabeth looked at him speechless, even though there were several thoughts going through her head at that moment. She finally enabled herself to say, "You...You want to court me?" "Yes, I do. I would be honoured, if you would allow me to when you are ready. If you do not desire it, say no at once if that is what you feel, but I would like a chance to win your heart properly." Elizabeth blushed crimson and said with a smile: "Will, I... I realised something too very recently, something I did not understand until now. I...I care deeply for you too, Will. I always have I suppose, but not this way. I realised that the word "care" did not apply any longer - it had turned to something with a deeper meaning, She continued in a whisper that he strained to hear, but hear he did, due to the proximity, "I realised when you stormed out yesterday that I ... I love you. And yes, you may court me William, when I come out." "Elizabeth," William said with his heart in his throat, "I love you, you are more important to me than any other besides Georgiana! I realised that my feelings have always been there and always will be. I will love you to my last breath." "William!" she breathed out. He quieted her as he placed a tender kiss on her pink lips and held her close to his chest. She realized that what she felt when William kissed her is definitely what she felt the other night. She attributed this feeling to being in love. Pointing to the letter, still in his hand, she said, "Papa always wanted the best for me. And apparently he thought you 'the best'" Elizabeth said with a smile. William responded: "I cannot blame our parents for that, anymore." "We better join the others. They must be wondering what is keeping us here." Elizabeth said in a quiet voice. They rose, and Elizabeth folded the letter and smiled. William took her hand, placed a tender kiss on her knuckles and they joined the rest of the party. When she saw her, Georgiana jumped up and asked worriedly: "Are you all right, Elizabeth?" "Yes, I am now, Georgie." Her mother asked: "Are you sure you are alright, dearest?" "Yes, mother. It was just Papa's letter which surprised me! I did not know he had left a letter to me." Her father came over and said: "Lewis had left that letter in my care when he realised he would not be present to your sixteenth birthday. This is one of five letters he wrote for you." "There are more letters?" Elizabeth asked. "Yes, one for each of the momentous occasions in your life – when you turn 21 years old, when you get engaged, when you are married and when you have your first child." Elizabeth smiled, but she was trembling with emotion and William pulled her to him in support and everyone ignored the impropriety momentarily.
Chapter 10: London & Letters Fitzwilliam Darcy, 24 years of age, Master of Pemberley and brother to Georgiana Darcy was sitting in his study at Pemberley after a horribly long day of paperwork, and interviews with two tenants who refused to go along with his terms. It had been a long and excruciating day to say the least. He was glad he had let Georgiana stay with the Matlock's in London for the month. Now he was sitting in his quiet study and thought back to the way Elizabeth – his Beth – had leaned on his shoulder for support when she learned that her father had left letters for her, how her cheeks had flamed when he kissed her, her intoxicating smile, and her fine sparkling eyes. He had even succeeding in writing a letter to Elizabeth, which he had concealed inside a letter sent to Georgiana. In London In London that evening, Georgiana received the letters from her brother and she delivered it to Elizabeth before breakfast the next morning. After breakfast, Elizabeth went outside into the gardens to read her letter in peace. Pemberley House, Derbyshire April 1811 My Dearest Beth, First, forgive me for the opening of this letter without asking you. I came to thinking of you as my Beth. Shall you like it if I called you so? Secondly, forgive me for concealing it from others. I have not asked of him or of you, but Uncle may not disapprove of our writing to each other. I hope you shall not mind. Please tell me that you shall write to me. It was such a pleasure to be able to celebrate your birthday properly this year, especially since it was a momentous one. I wanted to tell you how much I look forward to being back in London and in your company, just as soon as I finish my work here and may leave Pemberley. My new steward, Mr. Martin, assures me that everything is set for the harvest and it shall yield plentiful this year. With that taken care of and the problems with the tenants resolved, I shall wrap up my business here in the next fortnight I think, to be back in London and with you to my heart's content. I long to see you again, my Beth, how are my aunt, Uncle and cousins? I am hoping you are busy with your companion and enjoying all London could offer at this time of year. Please give my regards to my cousins, aunt and uncle. I am and will remain, most affectionately William As Elizabeth read the letter, she blushed at both the opening and the ending of it. It made her think of the kiss he had bestowed upon her. She touched her lips and could not help but smile. When Maxwell had told her how he and Richard had teased William he added: "He would be lucky to have you, sis." Later that morning, Elizabeth asked Madeline what she should do, if it was proper to write to him, to which she replied, "He is your cousin, Lizziebeth. It shall be very proper to write to each other." It was so sweet to see Elizabeth so happy and charmed by her cousin. So, Elizabeth sat down in her room at her new desk, which also had the best view of the beautiful garden, and began; Fitzwilliam House, London Dear William, Thank you for your letter. I was so very pleased to hear from you, even if you are kept busy at Pemberley. I am delighted to hear that the harvest looks plentiful this year and the issues with your tenants are resolved. I am also happy to report that Georgiana is a pleasure to have here, since Mary-Rose and Rachel are always calling on their friends or with their fiancés and husband which leaves me quite alone at home and now have Georgiana for company. We spend our time drawing and sewing together and playing the piano – well, she is teaching me some new techniques. I am happy to report that your sister is a very accomplished player at the pianoforte. William, I shall tell you a secret - when Madeline took us to the music shop to get new sheet music, I saw her look longingly at a beautiful pianoforte. I suppose I provided you with an idea for her next birthday present! We then went to a book shop and since you know me, you will not be surprised to hear that the combined efforts of your dear sister and Maddie pulled me out of there within the hour. Mother had a tea party the other day and I was allowed to sit with her and my sisters. It was a new experience for me to observe and learn 'how women of rank behave' to be honest with you I have never been so bored in my life! Gossip, gossip, gossip, scandal and more gossip! And the way they spoke of others not present there was so unlady-like! If I ever shall speak of such things, I do hope someone would tell me so and correct me! I really do not understand why some women find gossip so very interesting. It put others in a bad light and I wonder how mother tolerates it for several hours a day. I know for a fact that she merely tolerates them because she discreetly rolled her eyes when nobody was watching, and I had to suppress my giggles. The family plans to attend the theatre tonight, including myself. I must admit I am quite nervous to be among so many people, but I suppose I shall have to start sometime. I am looking forward to seeing the play, but I shall very much like to attend it with you as company. I am looking forward to your return to town. I am yours, most affectionately Elizabeth She had the letter sent off with a courier for Pemberley. That evening at the theatre, Elizabeth sat between Georgiana and Richard, dressed in a gown of a warm red colour which looked very well on her, with her dark hair and eyes. She wore a shawl covering her shoulders and back and the necklace that William gave her with a small gold heart-shaped pendant adorning her neck. The performance was very beautiful, but Elizabeth felt slightly uncomfortable knowing that many people were watching her. During the intermission, the Fitzwilliam box was visited by a great many people. Elizabeth hated it as she was put on show, but she politely smiled and greeted them. With Maxwell and her father on each side, she recovered her uneasiness and gracefully spoke to them. To those who visited them with their most eligible sons in tow, Maxwell took a protective stance making it known that she was off limits. Lady Marina Campbell, who had accompanied them, stood close to her and introduced her to the ladies she was acquainted with. Not being experienced with so many people wandering about, Elizabeth grew paler by the moment and suddenly started having dry heaves. Maxwell, who was the closest to her took her to the nearby chair, sat her down said, "Lizzie, calm down. Focus on my voice, sister. You are safe, you are our sister." which had no effect on her as she looked around with darting eyes. While the rest of the family quickly formed a protective circle around them, Marina said, "Max, my cousin once had a panic attack and I know how to deal with it. Please let me talk to her" As he stepped aside, Marina sat down across from her and said calmly, "Elizabeth, listen to my voice, dear. You have a very worried family, so you need to calm down. I shall count to three, Elizabeth and when I snap my fingers, you shall calm down." As she did that, Elizabeth's eyes focused on Marina and she calmed down. "Well done, Elizabeth." Marina commented. Elizabeth slumped in her chair and her siblings at once embraced her. Her father said, "I think we should get home with you, Elizabeth." With her mother and father on each side and the rest of her family following, she was home and in her familiar surroundings once more. That same evening, Maxwell sent an express to William, - "William, Elizabeth had a panic attack – Get here as soon as you may! Maxwell" Pemberley William had only just gotten Beth's letter – he was happy to hear from her - when his housekeeper, Mrs. Reynolds came in and handing him a note said: "An express rider has just arrived, sir." William quickly read it and said: "Mrs. Reynolds, I shall be leaving to London directly. Do not be alarmed! My sister is well. It is Elizabeth that had a panic-attack and my cousin Maxwell asks me to come right away. Would you have my valet pack a satchel for a day's change of clothes and have him follow with the rest in a carriage? Please also send word to the stables to saddle my horse and bring it to the front." "Yes, of course, Master William." She replied and left to do his bidding. She had known him since he was four years old and she knew all his expressions. She understood from his expression how dear this young lady had soon become and hoped to see her as his bride very soon. By the time he collected the papers to be taken with him, and hastened up to his chambers, his valet was ready to fit his master into his riding habit. "I shall go straight to the Fitzwilliam's and then be at Darcy house around dinner time." "Yes Mr. Darcy, I shall follow you and make sure Mrs. Seymour gets the house in order by the time you reach there." William set off from Pemberley for London with his valet following in the carriage not far behind. London, the same day Maxwell and his father sat in the study with a glass of port each, after everyone else retired when the Earl asked his son. "What did you write to William?" "That Elizabeth had a panic attack and to get here as soon as possible." Earl Matlock nodded and asked: "When do you suppose he will be here, son?" "It is hard to guess, father. But if I know William, he will waste no time after receiving the missive to leave Pemberley and shall come straight here, so … we shall expect him tomorrow at this time." They retired shortly after. The next day, just as the dawn was breaking, a footman entered the study and announced, "Mr. Darcy just arrived, sir." "Show him in please, Winthers." Maxwell said as he sat up straight. William came in and said: "Uncle, Maxwell, how is Elizabeth?" The two Fitzwilliam men looked at each other; they knew William was lost when it came to Elizabeth. "She is doing better. She had a panic attack with all the people milling in and out of our box to pay their respects. Initially, she had handled it well, but as there were more and more people, she just broke down it took several minutes before she regained her senses. When we returned home, we sent for the physician and he gave her some calming draft. Georgiana was worried too so he gave her some as well, keeping in mind that she is only fourteen." "I have never known Elizabeth had panic attacks, how many visitors did you have? I do not understand why all of a sudden she would have one." William questioned. "Neither did we to be honest. She gave us quite a scare; I have never been so terrified in my whole life, Will. Marina knew how to calm a person during such episode and handled her well." Maxwell replied. "Do we have any inkling to why?" His uncle replied, "I had noticed that Elizabeth grew more and more uncomfortable as the crowd grew large and was holding on to Maxwell as if her life depended upon it. But I never would have imagined that she felt so poorly. It was not until the box was empty that she broke down. I intend to ask Miss Moore about it this morning." Shortly after, they all dispersed to their respective chambers to refresh and dress for breakfast. An hour later, when the whole family came down to breakfast, nobody was more surprised than Elizabeth as she had not expected to see him and could not stop the blush creeping up her cheeks and making her unable to say a word than stare at him. William had just greeted his aunt and her daughters with a kiss on their cheeks and a hug to his own sister and accompanied them to their places at the table and so, when he heard a soft 'Oh!' behind him, he knew who was the surprised person at the door. He turned to her bowed on her hand and said: "Good morning, Elizabeth." "Good morning, William." She curtsied after recalling her surroundings. She asked: "I thought you were to stay at Pemberley until the harvest?" "Maxwell informed me of last night and I could not stay away." William said as he looked worriedly at Beth. "Oh! You came for me?" Elizabeth's blush deepened. They stood near each other looking deeply into each other's eyes, until they were interrupted by Richard, who came home on leave. "William! What in the blazes are you doing here?" clapping his cousin's shoulder. William jumped from his trance, embraced Richard as he explained: "Elizabeth had a panic attack last night, Rich. Max sent for me.", while Elizabeth took the opportunity to turn to the breakfast bar to hide her blush in the pretence of making her plate. After making a plate and greeting Richard with a hug, she sat down to eat. Richard discreetly whispered to his brother as he made his own plate, "Good call, Max." Max sent his brother a half smile, "I try, Rich. And welcome home!" Au: remember to leave reviews dear readers!
Chapter 11: Letters Elizabeth still wrote to Jane Bennet, as Madeline would not leave her until after her coming out ball, which would take place in a few weeks time. Jane was back in Hertfordshire with her own family. 1811, 20th of April Matlock House, London Dear Jane, I am almost restricted to the house because of the preparations for my coming out and presentation. I am so happy that I can write to you. How I would love to see you and talk to you in person. Both of my brothers are very protective of me because of my past, and my sisters are just as worried, if not more. William, my cousin - I am sure you remember him - dark hair, blue eyes and tall – he is so very protective, that it has begun to get on my nerves! I am hardly allowed to go to the dressmaker, without having both Madeline and my brothers with me – all because of one little panic attack! Being constrained at home has given Georgiana and I time to practise piano together. So, I am getting better at playing, not as good as Georgiana, but better. I have also had time to finish my studies in Russian and Spanish, not that I can say much more than a few simple lines. I am practising some basic etiquette and how to be a proper lady. How are you and your family? What is new with you since we last met? Rachel is married to her Viscount Jonathan, and Mary-Rose is engaged to his brother Lord Daniel I think they will be married once we return home from our trip, or perhaps even before that. I miss Derbyshire and the freedom I had there. Maybe I shall ask Father if we could invite you and your family for a visit. My mother is calling, so I will have to make this a little short. Yours very truly Elizabeth As she rose from her desk, her sister Mary-Rose came in asking, "Can we talk, Elizabeth?" "Yes, of course, Mary-Rose." "Max asked me to tell you that Father has asked him to join him at the House of Lords and regrets that he has to postpone our trip to the art gallery. Or suggested that if Madeline could stay for the day and postpone her day off." Elizabeth sat down in a chair, "Of course I understand. If Max cannot let us go on our own, it shall have to be postponed. We cannot take Madeline's day off! Mary-Rose, when will father let me have more freedom? When will I be able to travel with fewer chaperones? I am sixteen now and my coming out is in less than three weeks time!" "Dear Elizabeth, I know you miss your horse rides and long walks. But you cannot expect us not to be a little concerned about your health! What happens if you had another panic attack seeing the crowd at the art gallery? It is just precautionary, but we all want to make sure that you are comfortable with large crowds. Besides, you are busy preparing for your presentation and coming out ball and you shall have very little time to worry about anything else. Now, I think I heard mother ask for you on my way here and you better go see what she wants." And with a smile and a quick kiss on her sister's cheek, Mary-Rose left. As she left, Elizabeth sighed softly dragged her feet to see her mother's bidding – perhaps more dress fittings! Another day, soon after, Elizabeth received a letter from Jane Bennet. May, 1811 Longbourn Manor Hertfordshire Dear Elizabeth, Thank you for your letter, it was good to hear from you. I am sorry to hear you cannot go on your favourite activities and are constrained because of your preparations. Your family cares about you and wants to be sure you will not be hurt; your Father will give you more freedom once they are sure that you are in good health! Your brothers remind me of my own brother. He too is very protective about my sisters and I. From what you have written to me in your letters, your cousin William cares about you very much and you return his care! Do not try to deny it Elizabeth Fitzwilliam – you care about him very much indeed! Tell him how you feel when you next see him! He deserves to know! Summer is almost here in Hertfordshire, but as always it is mild climate. My Uncle Gardiner is to spend a few weeks here and intends to stay until the day of his marriage to Madeline. I am looking forward to this happy occasion as she is such a wonderful woman and makes my Uncle so happy! That it will bring me closer to you. Elizabeth, I know that your presentation and coming out ball are within a matter of weeks and you will excel in them. I do hope you enjoy this time and wish you all the luck in the world. Know that I miss you and await the day of our reunion, as I already see you as an honourable Bennet sister. Yours truly Jane Bennet etc. Elizabeth smiled at Jane's letter; she was a wonderful friend and she is made an honorary sister of the Bennet family! She now has more family members than she could ever remember to have! What a feeling! With a smile, she left to attend her music lessons as the hour approached and she knew Georgiana would be waiting for her to begin her own. Later that evening, she sat down to write Jane. 1811, Matlock House London Dear Jane, Thank you for your letter; it brought a lot of laughter. My preparations are coming together, though I shall admit to feeling very tired of endless dress-fittings and lessons on proper way to walk and bow to His Highness. But Mother is so worried that I might trip and fall during my curtsey so I do try my best to patient with the lessons, though they bore me awfully, especially as the weather is getting ever warmer here in town. You know I enjoy my walks, but until now I have been more or less restricted to the house and the gardens since our arrival just after my birthday. My sisters are endlessly patient with me, Rachel comes every morning and Jonathan comes and collects Rachel, either before or after dinner, which he normally attends with us. Of course, nowadays, Jonathan also brings his brother Daniel, who are engaged to Mary-Rose, they have been fond of each other for years apparently, but it is only the last year he have had the courage to actively pursue my sister. We are only missing the official announcement to be sure when to schedule their wedding. But they are happy, so that is wonderful. I hate my court gown; it is big, with a hoop skirt under! I look like an ostrich with a gigantic plumage! It is ridiculous! The only thing which is positive is that Georgiana comes with new books, nearly every day which I am allowed an hour or two to read in after all my fittings. I am missing you, Jane and hope your entire family are well? I look forward to meeting them, soon I hope. Well I better close this letter now, and go to yet another fitting. Yours truly Elizabeth etc.
Chapter 12: Court Presentation & Coming out Ball The two days between her presentation at Court and her coming out ball were nerve wrecking for Elizabeth for two reasons. For one, the whole house was waiting to see if she would get the voucher for Almack's Assembly Rooms. Elizabeth knew deep down that she was the daughter of a peer now, but she was still worried about not getting the acceptance to Almack's Assembly Rooms. And second, she was plain nervous about not living up to the expectations of her family, they wanted the best for her and she was scared of failing and letting them down. The morning of the presentation came and as Elizabeth was dressing in her Court dress with the help of her maid as Madeline came into her rooms. Madeline held an envelope, "Lizziebeth, I have something here for you." Elizabeth looked up from the absurdly horrible dress she was to wear at Court and gasped for breath as she asked: "Is it?! Is it the..." Madeline handed her the envelope and she tore it open and fished out a voucher for Almack's. She breathed out a sigh of relief and whispered: "Thank god." Just then Mary-Rose, Rachel who was visiting and their mother came in. Rachel said, "You look lovely, Lizzie." Lizzie looked at her eldest sister and said, "You came! Oh Rachel, I am so glad!" she embraced her sister. Mary-Rose smiled and said, "Stand straight, head up and then make your curtsy." Which she did without fault - it was something they had practiced for days on end. "Well done, dear." The Countess praised from the door, where she was waiting. Mary-Rose then suddenly saw the envelope in her youngest sister's hand and asked, "Is that...?" Elizabeth nodded, and said "Yes, it is my voucher for Almack's." Then she was embraced from four different sides, by her sisters, mother and Madeline. After a quick breakfast, they were off to Carlton House, where William was waiting; he was dressed in his Court attire, and looked very regal. Elizabeth felt herself blush and felt like she had butterflies in her stomach. He smiled as the family arrived in two separate carriages. Elizabeth almost forgot herself when she saw her brother at William's side. "Surprise, sis." Rich said with a wonderfully laughing smile. "Oh Rich! Oh William, thank you!" she said happy that she would have practically everybody she cared about here with her. She had thought Richard would have to remain at his military base for the entire day, but here he was! After they had waited in an attaché room for nearly two hours, with another forty debutantes; her name was finally called. "Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam." The family had agreed that it should be Richard who would go with her to the throne room. They walked into the room, and Elizabeth saw the Prince Regent sitting on an extraordinary throne, made purely of gold and finished with a crown on the back, the last few feet she walked alone; she straightened as she stood in front of the Prince Regent; she lifted her head just a bit and then made her curtsey and greeted him with: "Your Royal Highness." He acknowledged her with a nod. As she rose from her curtsey, carefully as not to drop the ostrich feathers which she had in her hair and not trip over her train, she backed away from the throne, until she made it to where Richard was waiting for her and then out the door where she finally breathed a sigh of relief. "Well done, Lizzie." Richard praised; he had never been prouder of his young sister. They made it to the rest of the family, who were conversing with other titled families. They all asked how it went. "She was perfect. I have never been prouder of our sister." Richard said with a smile which spoke of pride and affection. Elizabeth said, "I have never been more terrified! I was so scared of doing something wrong." William said, "I knew you could do it. Well done, Elizabeth." He smiled one of his dimpled smiles which made her feel happy beyond compare. She could see in his eyes that he was extremely proud of her and that he was happy at her achievement. She was embraced by her sister's and her mother and Max said, "Well done, sis." And her father said with a fond smile, "A true lady indeed. Well done, dear girl." She felt content and safe with her family. Two hours later, they were back in their home and able to change out of their court clothing. Madeline came in and asked: "How did it go, Lizziebeth?" "Very well apparently – everybody says so. I was terrified but I managed to curtsey." Madeline smiled and said, "I knew you could do it, Lizziebeth." Elizabeth changed the subject as she said: "You are getting married next week; are you and Edward ready?" Elizabeth had adopted Edward Gardiner as an uncle figure, shortly after she had met him. "Yes, we are both ready. We have been at our house, while Mr. Chippendale was making the last changes. It is a lovely house; I cannot wait to make it ours. We have waited so long." "Almost 8 years." Elizabeth replied. "Yes, but I have enjoyed being with you, dearest. Especially since you have been with a proper family; seeing you blossom into a fine woman, seeing a young man fall in love with the girl I see as my own, is a pleasure to witness." Madeline said, as she held Elizabeth close to her in an embrace. Elizabeth smiled at her governess, the woman she had been raised by for most of her childhood and who made it bearable in her horrible childhood home. "I am so happy to have had you with me, - all these years, Maddie." Elizabeth said, as she returned the embrace from the woman she silently thought of as her second mother. May 1811 The day of the coming out ball saw the Fitzwilliam family up quite early. Elizabeth had risen at dawn and sat down with her diary; It is the day of my coming out ball, and I hope nothing will ruin this evening! Mama has worked so hard to make it perfect, but I am worried and nervous… what if nobody dances with me and I am a failure? Well, I know I will dance once with William, once with Father, Richard and Maxwell, and maybe even Jonathan (Rachel's husband, well that is if he can take his eyes away from her for more than a minute) and perhaps Daniel after he has danced with Mary-Rose. William makes me blush and I feel as if I have butterflies in my stomach. I think I am in love with him. Just then Madeline came in, and said: "Time to face the day, Lizziebeth. May I suggest wearing your new riding habit?" Soon she was dressed and on the way out on a small riding trip around Hyde Park with Max, Lady Marina Campbell and Madeline, where they were met by Edward– it was for taking her mind off the ball that evening. As they returned, everybody went to their chambers to change into ball clothing. Elizabeth stood in front of her mirror, with her maid Melanie just putting the finishing touches to her hair. Her new ball gown was a deep blue colour, the colour of William's eyes she noted, as she wanted to wear the necklace he had gifted her at Christmas. "Melanie, please, the necklace from my cousin William." "Yes, of course, Lady Elizabeth." And put the necklace around her neck. The necklace was made of pure gold but with deep blue sapphires set in tiny diamond circles. "Now you are ready, Lady Elizabeth. Master Darcy will not be able to take his eyes off you tonight." Elizabeth was friends with her maid as she had learned from Rosings that playing high and mighty got you nowhere but disloyalty between you and your staff. Melanie gave her the white ball gloves and she went downstairs where her family was waiting, all in their finest evening attire. Soon the guests began to arrive and Elizabeth was put through her paces, for not showing any feelings on her face. Her mother, Constance Matlock stood by her side as she was presented to their guests, not that she liked the prolonged looks her youngest daughter got from certain gentlemen. Madeline stood slightly behind Elizabeth - she had warned her, that some men would only talk to her because of family, money and connections; she had to be careful - but when she saw young Darcy, she whispered: "Elizabeth, your cousin have arrived." Elizabeth's face lit up at the sight of William and only remained in her position because her brother's hand lay on her shoulder. William bowed to the family and then made it to Elizabeth. "Lady Elizabeth, you look very beautiful tonight." Elizabeth made a slight curtsy, and said: "Mr. Darcy, thank you for coming and thank you for such a lovely compliment." When finally all the guests had arrived, all the Fitzwilliam family stood waiting to greet the rest of the arriving guests. When all the guests had arrived, the Fitzwilliam family went into the ball room, and soon after Mary-Rose was asked to dance with Lord Daniel, and Rachel with her husband, Viscount, future Duke Jonathan Blake, while Max was asking Lady Marina Campbell. Richard came over, bowed and asked: "Lizzie, I have come to claim my dance with you." "Indeed you have, brother." and walked out onto the dance floor and began dancing. "So how are you enjoying your first private ball, sister?" "A bit overwhelming to be honest, brother." "You handle it very well, Lizzie. I know that William has asked for your supper set and I approve, sister." They parted in the dance, when they came back, "You look radiant, and you already have several admirers, one in particular who I actually approve of." Elizabeth smiled and said: "Rich, might I guess you are referring to Cousin William?" Richard's grin made it clear that it was indeed their Cousin William, he approved of. Elizabeth blushed a little, "Well, I...William and I, we..." she did not finish her sentence as she had to think for a moment for the proper words, but then said: "I will not deny that I think very highly of William, that I greatly esteem him and I care for him." After the set with Richard, Max came and claimed a dance with her. Then their mother introduced her to a few people; including Lord Derek Alcott and his sister Sophie. Elizabeth also danced with Lord Alcott, who was very friendly and reminded her of, William and Max. Between sets, introductions and small talk, Elizabeth found Madeline just making her way back to her side with her shawl over her arm, who asked: "Are you well, Lizziebeth?" "Yes, I am fine, Maddie, just needed some peace and quiet; it is a little overwhelming that this is all for me. I have to be myself, but still keep my position, still keep to propriety... oh, this is a mess...I almost wish I did not need to be here at all!" "I know you do, but you have to. Since you belong to a family where it is expected." Madeline replied calmly. "I know." Elizabeth sighed and heard the music begin again, "I better get back, this is the supper set and William is waiting for me." and hurried towards the ball room. When she found William, he asked: "Beth, where have you been?" "Why? Jealous, William?" she asked slightly teasingly. "Beth!" he groaned silently, "Do not worry William. I was on the balcony with Madeline." and she could see he visibly relaxed. And they began to dance. "Beth, you have become quite a tease these..." they parted to dance a series of different steps with other partners and when they got back together, William continued: "... these past few months." "And you have become quite fond of our debates, Mr. Darcy." She replied with a clearly amused look in her eyes, to which he chuckled. "Lady Elizabeth, you are becoming quite a..." they moved away from each other and to dance a series of steps with other partners in the set, when they danced together again, he continued, "... a beautiful lady." She blushed hotly. "Thank you," as they danced up the set, she whispered: "Will" 'How did she know how to do that?!' he thought; he was extremely attracted to her, to her laugh, her intelligence, her dancing eyes, her golden heart, her wit and newly acquired teasing of him. Elizabeth looked at him and just then the light caught the necklace she wore and a smile spread on his handsome face, as he recognised his gift around her slender neck. After the dance, as they walked together for supper, William said so only she could hear it: "You know Beth; I think I dislike seeing you dancing with other men." She blushed, as she replied, "Well, it cannot be helped Will. I have to dance with other partners – otherwise, I shall be deemed a failure and I shall not bring shame to mother and father." William looked at her, as he had not expected her to be so passionate about living up to her family's expectations, "You are a dutiful daughter, Beth." He helped her into a chair, and sat down beside her. During supper, they talked of Pemberley and Matlock Lake House and of the coming season – soon after they were involved in a talk with Richard, Max, Lady Marina and Lord Campbell about possible ways of managing an estate – and how to improve it. As the night progressed into the hour of midnight, it was clear to see, for William at least, that Elizabeth despised her current dance partner. When the music ended, Elizabeth gave a strained smile, curtsied and left the room for the library – to find some peace and quiet, if she were lucky. When she made it to the sofa, she slipped off her shoes - her last partner had had two left feet and now she could hardly walk, because her previous partner was clumsy, and overall a bad dancer. The only good things that evening had been her dances with Lord Alcott, Richard, Max and William and having supper with William. She yet again agreed with herself; that he was the sort of man who would suit her best in terms of heart and mind and possibly even in marriage – well, when that time came. Five minutes after Elizabeth disappeared from the room, Madeline made her way over to Mr. Darcy from the other side of the dance floor and asked: "Mr. Darcy have you seen Lady Elizabeth?" William replied as his eyes never left the door to the library: "The library, Miss Moore." She nodded and disappeared in that direction. In the library, Elizabeth leaned back on the sofa as she relaxed fully. When she heard Maddie's voice call her, she replied "I am here, Maddie." Madeline came over and asked: "Are you all right, dear?" "Yes, I am fine, just my last dance partner had two left feet." Elizabeth replied as she was sitting down on a sofa with her feet up. "I would like a few minutes more to recuperate, Maddie... my feet need to breathe a little." "You stay here, and I will get you a glass of punch." Madeline said with a fond smile at her charge. During the rest of the night, until around two in the morning, Elizabeth danced with her father, Max, Richard and her brothers-in-law Jonathan and Daniel, at just around two in the morning she retired as the last guest left. In the study of Earl Patrick Fitzwilliam, the men of the family gathered to discuss the evening. The Earl said: "Elizabeth did well and all her partners were suitable in a society point of view; but as her father, I would never allow a third of them closer to her than a dance." Maxwell said with a proud smile as he reclined in a chair with a brandy in his hand: "Elizabeth's manners were perfect, and she only faltered once with me, to which she immediately apologised." William said simply: "She was a perfect lady, truly worthy of the title." At his comment all the men laughed and snorted. Richard asked: "Can you just acknowledge that you are in love with my sister, Darce?" William, who had just taken a sip of port, nearly choked on it and was turned the colour of a tomato, as they all laughed at him. AU: Anything which is recognised doesn't belong to me, but to the rightful owners! Borrowed quote from P&P and S&S
Chapter 13: The Marriage of Madeline Moore to Edward Gardiner A week after her presentation at Court and her coming out ball - three dinners, two walks in Hyde Park and one Venetian breakfast later - it was finally the day that Madeline was to marry her long-time courter Edward Gardiner. When she was dressed, Elizabeth hurried to Maddie's room to help and was met with a cheery: "Morning, dear." "Morning Maddie. Are you ready?" "Almost. I just need to jump into the dress, after I have this cup of tea. Should you not be breaking your fast?" Maddie asked with a smile. "I thought we could break our fast together; I already ordered it." Madeline had just raised a single elegant eyebrow when the maid stepped in with breakfast. They ate in silence. Around ten, the Fitzwilliam family arrived at the church that Madeline and Edward had chosen for their wedding. The Bennet family was there as well as a few of Madeline and Edward's friends. Elizabeth was asked to be a bridesmaid and she had been allowed to by her parents. In the attaché room, Elizabeth was met by Jane. "Oh Jane!" she exclaimed, and embraced her. "Oh Elizabeth! You look beautiful!" Jane replied. "You look perfect, Jane! I have missed you so badly! I cannot wait to talk later." Then they helped Madeline, and walked into the church. Madeline and Edward was an excellent couple and it was clear that they loved, respected and adored each other. They took their vows, exchanged rings and were finally pronounced by the priest: "May I present Mr. & Mrs. Edward Gardiner." Elizabeth saw Maddie glow happily as she walked out on Edward's arm – and her glance met William's, but she quickly dropped eye contact with him. The wedding breakfast was at Fitzwilliam House, where Cook had prepared a feast. Edward and Madeline were delighted and had thanked both the Fitzwilliam families for everything. Edward was talking with Earl Patrick Matlock, "This is too much; My Lord, but we thank you and your lovely family. It is too much, your wedding gift – and your support is valued." Earl Matlock said, "Gardiner, our support is down to the fact that we want you and Mrs. Gardiner to be happy and safe in your new life. And Elizabeth wants you both to have a good life together as you clearly have taken the role of an uncle." Edward smiled and said, "Lady Elizabeth means the world to Madeline and I. She is quickly coming into herself, she is clever and kind; she and young Darcy will be a good couple once they realise their true feeling for each other." Earl Matlock smiled and looked over to the corner where Max, Rich, Will, Mary-Rose, Jane, Elizabeth and Georgiana were talking animatedly to each other. But it was clear that Elizabeth and William were arguing some point and enjoying provoking each other. During one of his visits to Hertfordshire to see his sister's family, Mr. Gardiner brought up the topic of a companion to Miss Moore's young charge after his marriage. He asked his brother and sister Bennet if they would consider sending Jane as a companion. He explained that the youngest daughter of the Earl of Matlock will be sixteen when Miss Moore leaves her and would only need a friend/companion for a couple of years until the Lady marries. Mr. Bennet had at first been a little hesitant to sending his dear daughter to the ton which he loathed to visit himself and preferred his quiet country home, but Mrs Bennet saw the advantage of such a position in favour of her daughters. She would be in the home of the rich and well-connected Earl's family and "it will throw her daughter into the path of rich men" and who will be able to resist her charms when they see her beauty? Mr Bennet had to grudgingly approve of this scheme or take Jane to have a season in the town himself, which he would rather not. And so, it was decided that Jane will accompany him to London the next time he leaves to introduce her to the Matlocks. "Jane has already planned a visit for the whole Bennet family, so they can meet Elizabeth." Edward Gardiner said. "Yes, the girls have talked of it for months via their letters; we are hosting them as Elizabeth begged to meet them." "I think you milord, will find common ground with Mr. Bennet; he is a highly intelligent man with a dry wit." Edward Gardiner replied in a cheerful manner. Soon after Edward and Madeline left for their small wedding trip, a gift they had received from William and Georgiana. That evening the three families of Campbell, Darcy and Fitzwilliam had a small party to further celebrate the wedding, with dinner and a small dance after dinner, where even Earl and Countess Matlock danced. When the Campbell family had left, William and Georgiana said goodnight. Beth embraced Georgiana and said, "Goodnight, Georgiana." And Georgiana said with a smile: "Goodnight, Lizzie." William took both Elizabeth's hands and kissed them, as he said: "Goodnight, Beth." "Goodnight, Will." She responded softly, and kept eye contact with him. Both their hearts were beating furiously; he so wanted to kiss her but kissed her hands instead before he left. When the door closed after the Darcy's, Elizabeth was standing stock still with flaming cheeks. In the Darcy carriage, Georgiana said, "Brother, can you soon accept that you are in love with Elizabeth?" William looked in shock at his sister and said: "I... Georgie, I..." He took a deep breath. "I will not deny that I care for Elizabeth, but it would not be proper yet to ask for her hand." Georgiana said, "I cannot believe you, William! Even a blind person can see that you and Lizzie are hopelessly in love with each other. You always look for her and she has admitted to doing the same." William blushed but did not respond, especially as 'everybody' was right – he was hopelessly in love with Beth.
Chapter 14; Town and Almack's May/June 1811 The summer started in London and the temperature rose steadily as the season continued. Jane moved into Fitzwilliam house and she and Elizabeth were invited to several events; Venetian breakfasts, balls, dinners, picnics in Hyde Park, rides and the like. At every event they attended, Elizabeth grew in confidence, but she still looked for William at every turn. One evening when at a masked ball that all the Fitzwilliam family attended, Jane suddenly spoke and clutched Elizabeth's arm, "I do believe I see…yes, it is your cousin, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth turned around and came face to face with William. He was dressed in a dark suit, with a sword attached to his left hip and with a black mask covering most of his upper face though put focus on his handsome blue eyes; he looked like a very handsome musketeer. He bowed and she curtsied. "Lady Elizabeth." "Mr. Darcy." They made their way through the many people in the Campbell house, where the masked ball was held, until they were standing on a balcony with the view out towards the garden. They stood silently, looking at each other. Finally, William spoke first, "You look... beautiful in that dress." The dress was red with golden embellishment on the bodice, sleeves, hem and neckline. "Thank you, you look very well too this evening." She replied in a soft tone of voice, while she blushed prettily. "Thank you, Elizabeth. I hope your family is well this evening?" "They are very well, thank you, William. How is your sister this evening?" she asked as their eyes met. "She is very well; she is missing you, but she enjoys the finishing school, your parents suggested." He replied; captivated by her beautiful eyes he had a hard time to remember anything at all. "I am glad that she enjoys school. I miss her especially at the family dinners." She replied as their eyes connected. "And I know she misses you too, Beth." The last was breathed out in a whisper which made her heart jump. Later on that evening, when Elizabeth and Jane were talking, William came over with a man with red-blond hair and blue eyes, both men bowed lightly, while Elizabeth smiled and nodded and Jane curtsied. William said slightly formally, "Lady Elizabeth, Miss Bennet – may I introduce a good friend of mine to you?" Elizabeth looked at Jane, and both nodded with smiles on their faces, "Lady Elizabeth, Miss Bennet, I introduce Mr. Charles Bingley. Bingley, this is my cousin Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam and Miss Jane Bennet, her companion." Bingley bowed and said, "It is a pleasure to meet you both, Lady Elizabeth, Miss Bennet." Jane said softly, "I believe the pleasure is ours, Mr. Bingley." A week or so later, the Fitzwilliam family were readying for Almack's – for the first time for Elizabeth, at least. Elizabeth had written to Georgiana, to keep her informed of all that happened during the season, and keep her informed of what their family was doing so she would feel included even if she was at school. "Mama, do I have to go? I have already been presented at Court and have been to a million balls and parties." "Elizabeth, you know we have to. It is the thing which is done." The Countess replied. "I know, mama, but I would really like not to go." Elizabeth responded with a pleading look at her mother. "This is the last thing, we will make you do Elizabeth and we know it is not fair to you that we are making you do this – but it is what is done in our sphere of life, dear." The Countess explained. "I know, Mama, but... All right, I will do my best, Mama." The Countess smiled and said: "Elizabeth, you are a wonderful and dutiful daughter, and we could not ask for a better daughter." "Thank you, Mama." Elizabeth said. Later that evening, Jane and Elizabeth were talking, "Elizabeth, please tell me about what happened during Christmas, especially with your cousin Mr. Darcy, you have been seen with him often since your coming out ball." Elizabeth blushed and said: "Well, we had a merry Christmas, and you are right. I do care for William." Jane exclaimed: "At long last! You admitted it!" She laughed, while Elizabeth blushed and giggled girlishly. "But then again, I understand from Aunt Gardiner that you and your cousin Mr. Darcy have had tender feelings for each other for a long time." "When I think about it, we have felt connected to each other for quite a while now." Elizabeth replied as she sat down next to Jane in front of the fire in her room. "That is because you and Mr. Darcy are soul mates, Lizzy." Jane said with a wistful smile. "How have you become so wise?" Elizabeth asked wondering. Jane smiled and said, "That comes with age, Lizzy." It was all said in a light tone of voice. "I almost envy you for your wisdom." Lizzie said and looked into the fire. "You are wiser in your own way because of your experiences." Jane explained softly. "I know you are right. But I am still... I still feel like that scared little girl who wanted nothing but to be loved." "I know and it will take a long time before you eventually see yourself as the courageous young woman I know and see here besides me." Jane said, and put her arm around Elizabeth. "Jane, how can you be so good?!" Elizabeth asked with tears filling her eyes. "Shh, oh Lizzie. Lizzie, you are a younger sister to me now; no need to cry, honey." Jane exclaimed gently and pulled Elizabeth into an embrace. The next day dawned and Jane and Elizabeth woke, both laughing happily at the sisterly evening they had shared. "So Almack's tonight?" "Yes, last forced thing I will need to do this season." Elizabeth responded to Jane's question. "Well... besides get engaged to Mr. Darcy." Jane teased in good humour. "Jane, you tease! You know we are going to Europe before autumn, so I am not going to get engaged to anybody, not even William." Elizabeth replied. "I know I got the invitation to come with you, but are you sure your parents meant for me to go with you?" "Jane, we invited you to come with us, so yes my parents meant for you to go with us." Elizabeth assured her best friend and companion. They spent the day reading, sewing and other quiet activities so they would not be too tired for the evening. The day went by and soon they were on their way to Almack's. As they walked, Elizabeth was a little nervous but had her best smile fixed on her face and ready to face the seven patronesses of Almack's and all of polite society. 'Polite society... my foot.' she thought as she had observed and listened when her mother had had morning calls. William watched as Beth danced with different partners. Jane who had walked up on his right side asked: "Why have you not asked her to dance, Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth looked over as she twirled back to her spot, and her eyes met William's and her face lit up in a truly happy smile, which he returned happily. As she came back from her dance, William walked over, bowed slightly and said: "Lady Elizabeth, I was hoping you would allow me a dance during the evening?" "I would be delighted, Mr. Darcy." She replied and made a small curtsy, and held out her hand to him, so he could lead her back tothe dance floor. Elizabeth looked towards Jane, who stood next to her, but saw Charles Bingley asking Jane to dance. While Elizabeth and William danced, William said, "You look beautiful, though you seem to grow more beautiful every day, Beth." She blushed at his compliment, and said, "Thank you, William." She looked at him with a teasing spark in her eyes when she continued, "I must say I never knew you were quite this good at flirting. Perhapsit is something you planned just for me?" It was his turn to blush and could only nod at her question. She took pity on him, and said, "Though Jane and Mr. Bingley look like a lovely couple, would you not say so, William?" "Yes, now thatyou mention it, you are right Beth." He said when he finally found his voice. "They might make an interesting couple someday." Elizabeth commented. When she mentioned "couple" he could not help but think of them – he and Beth as a couple. They loved each other. He could not find the words when he was with her – she was bewitching, clever and full of life – and she made him tongue tied. The next afternoon Mr. & Mrs. Bennet called with their son, John at Fitzwilliam house. After the necessary curtsies and bows, Jane rushed into her brother's arms, only to hug her parents quickly after. Jane finally turned back and said, "John, Mama and Papa, this is Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam, the youngest daughter of the Earl and Countess of Matlock. Elizabeth, these are my parents, Mr. Thomas and Mrs. Fanny Bennet, and my brother, John." Elizabeth curtsied and greeted them politely, which they returned. For Elizabeth, it was the first time she was co-hosting anything and she was a little nervous. Soon after though they were talking of books, London, Hertfordshire, her family, their family and a possible visit to Longbourn once she and Jane returned from the continent in the autumn. While tea was brought in, a footman said: "My Lord, something has arrived for Lady Elizabeth and Miss Bennet." "Please bring it in, Fraiser." The Earl replied. Then four footmen carried in five armsful of roses, the Earl asked as it was obvious for his daughter and Miss Bennet. "Who are these for, Fraiser?" "These three arms-fullare for you, Lady Elizabeth, and these are for Miss Bennet." Fraiser replied. "From whom do these flowers come?" The Earl questioned. "These are the cards." The Earl quickly looked at them before he handed each of the shocked girls a card. Elizabeth read; To My Beth. All my Love, William Elizabeth blushed scarlet, and folded it and saved it for later. "Who sent you roses, Jane?" Even if it was very obvious to her. "Oh...Mr. Bingley, Elizabeth." Elizabeth tried not to smirk at Jane, who blushed slightly. Mrs. Bennet asked: "Who is Mr. Bingley?" Just as Elizabeth said: "Thank you, Fraiser." Jane blushed and Elizabeth replied, "Mrs. Bennet, he is my cousin Fitzwilliam's closest friend. He is a single man in possession of a good fortune - and therefore he must be in want of the kindest and sweetest wife possible." Mr. and Mrs. Bennet laughed at Elizabeth's light teasing of Jane and John laughed so hard that he nearly fell of his chair, which set Elizabeth off in a laughing fit. But one look from her mother, and she quickly quieted her laughing to occasional giggles. That night at the family dinner, Elizabeth said to William, who was her dinner partner: "Thank you for your beautiful roses, William." William smiled at her and said: "You deserved them, Beth." The whole table went quiet when everybody realised just how intimate a nickname William had for Elizabeth. Elizabeth and William were caught in their own private moment, as their eyes caught and told their own story of feelings, longing and deep love. It was now official how much they meant to each other.
Chapter 15; the Grand Tour I June 1811 Soon after her visit to Almack's, the Fitzwilliam family began the preparationsfor the trip to the Continent, buying travelling clothes and a new wardrobe for Elizabeth and Jane. As Max was to marry Marina before their departure, the Earl and Countess would travel with Mary-Rose and Elizabeth and Jane to their destinations around Europe, particularly France, Italy, Russia and home via Denmark. They would be gone the whole summer and not return to London until the late autumn or early winter. A few days before the family's departure to Calais, the wedding of Viscount Maxwell and Lady Marina Campbell was performed in a small ceremony as the couple had desired, only witnessed by their relations and closest friends. Maxwell and Marina had been glowing with happiness, as they had made their vows to each other. Elizabeth had once again been asked to be a bridesmaid alongside with Mary-Rose, and Max had asked Richard and William to be his groomsmen. This time, William's eyes met hers several times during the vows which left her breathless and with flaming cheeks, though she met his eyes instead of dropping their eye contact. When the priest finally announced, "I am proud to present Viscount Maxwell and Lady Marina Fitzwilliam." Tears were shed by their mothers and congratulations were given as the couple left the church. Max said just as he had helped Marina into his carriage, "Thank you, Sis! And now be careful and take care of yourself." "I will, Max. Take care of my new sister." Elizabeth replied, and hugged her brother one last time. He had smiled and departed with his bride. Soon the family were ready for their trip, and began to bid their farewells to friends and family alike; the Darcys were the last ones they would make their farewells. William had requested for Georgiana to delay her departure back to school so she could see their family before they left. Georgiana said as they were all gathered in one of the parlours in Darcy house, as the Fitzwilliam family was departing after they had bid their farewells to the Darcys. "I truly hope that you will all enjoy your trip. I cannot wait to hear of all your adventures when you return." Jane said: "I will definitely make Elizabeth write, since I have promised to write to my family." Elizabeth smiled and said to Georgiana: "I promise I will write! I am only sorry that you cannot come with us." William said: "I think we are both sorry that we cannot come with you." His eyes met Elizabeth's who expressed sorrow at not having them with her on this part of her life as a Fitzwilliam, "I promise to write you both! Please write to us; we will be in Paris, Rome and St. Petersburg for long periods of time." Elizabeth promised. Two days later, the Fitzwilliam family were on a ship bound for Calais. Elizabeth had never been so close to the sea, even if Rosings had not been far from it. She loved the feeling of the wind in her face and the smell of the ocean. Elizabeth had found a spot on the ship bow where she could be left in relative peace and still be able to observe everything. Soon after the ship docked in Calais and while their carriages were assembled, the Fitzwilliam's spent their time looking at the shop windows. When the family finally got on their way to Paris, her fatherasked: "How do you like the first leg of your trip, Elizabeth?" "Very well, father. The sea smelled of salt and I have never seen a sky so blue." The Countess and Earl exchanged fond smiles at their youngest daughter. "Are you looking forward to our visit to Paris? We aregoing to meet a few cousins of the family." The countess asked Elizabeth, but meant her inquiry for Elizabeth and Jane. "Yes, mother, I do look forward to seeing Paris, especially after everything I have read and heard." Jane said politely: "You and I agree, Elizabeth. It is very kind of you, for allowing me to come along on this trip." "Of course, Miss Jane. We hope you will enjoy this trip as much as Elizabeth." A few hours later they arrived in Paris; both Jane and Elizabeth asked questions of the countess and the earl while admiring everything through the windows. The house they owned wasin the best part of Paris was very like their home in London and close to the sights. After refreshing, Elizabeth sat down at a conveniently appointedwriting desk near the window, which afforded her with the view of a fine neighbourhood, and began writing her first three letters from her tour: to William, Georgiana and Madeline. Paris, France, 1811 L'Anglais House Dear William, We have arrived safely to Paris to the house the family owns I guess. The passage on the ship was without mishap, as the sea was calm and we had nothing but sunshine, if a little wind to make the journey comfortable. The crossing was good, but I have never seen a sky as blue as it was over the channel. Though I will admit to being a little...well, very excited to see and learn everything. I will also admit to missing you and Georgie and of course, my brothers and eldest sister. William, make sure they do not do something stupid! Richard and you do have a way of getting into trouble, so please try not to while I am not there to laugh or tease you for it. Onto the matter ofGeorgiana - would you kindly send a list of music sheets she is in need? I intend to bring back gifts for you all! Anything you recommend I see in Paris? I am missing you badly. I am and will remain yours, most affectionately Beth After that, she wrote the two remaining letters, before she was called down for dinner. The next day saw the Fitzwilliam family out and about in Paris, from the Louvre art museum - to being in all the best homes as guests, after their meeting a few French cousins on her mother's side of the family. The first meeting with the French part of the family was the first test of Elizabeth's linguistic skills and test of her confidence. Her mother, sister and Jane were around her and her mother said: "Elizabeth, this is your Aunt, Countess Jeanette Dustiéer nee Douglas and your cousins, Daniel and Anne Dustiéer. Sister, this is my youngest, Elizabeth Fitzwilliam." Elizabeth made a small curtsy and said: "Aunt Dustiéer, it is a pleasure to meet you and your family." "It is our pleasure to finally meet you, Elizabeth." her new aunt said with an elegant French accent. Quickly the days in Paris got a rhythm as the Dustiéer or Fitzwilliam family visited or was out and about Paris. It was soon clear that Elizabeth spoke French as well as her cousins which surprised them. Especially Daniel Dustiéer was amazed with his accomplished youngest cousin who was only five years his junior. And she was very pretty and extremely intelligent which he already admired. A week after their arrival in Paris, Elizabeth was once again at her desk to finish off the three letters; she had worked on them for a few days to include anything and everything about her visit to Paris. London A few days later in London, William got Beth's latest letter which he tore open in his haste to hear from her. Georgiana had just smiled, shook her head in wonder and took her own letter. L'Anglais House Paris Residence Paris, 1811 Dearest William, I have already seen and learned so much here in Paris from fashion to food - the language feels quite natural for me now - all thanks to Madeline. We have seen everything from the most popular sights likeLouvre where I saw the portrait of Mona Lisa which was even more beautiful than I imagined and a little disconcerting as her eyes followed mearound the room. Our French cousins Daniel and Anne Dustiéer are among the kindest people I have ever met. Anne is accomplished in the traditional way, but she does own a bit of the Douglass passion. Daniel and I debate about everything from Britain vs. France to art and books, all in French which I enjoy immensely - to use my skills, as I have been taught. We are to attendthis evening a private concert at the Dustiéer family home with other prominent families apparently, which is to be followed by supper and dancing. Father, cousin Daniel and uncle Dustiéer have all asked for a set from Mary Rose, Jane and myself this evening. Thank you for your latest letter and thank you for adding the list of sheet music Georgie is lacking. I had the worst case of home sickness, as I miss Richard, Rachel, Max, Georgie and especially you, and it has only been two weeks! I will write again soon. I am and will remain Yours affectionately Beth William felt a pang of jealousy that Beth spent so much time with their French cousin - cousins he sternly reminded himself - being French was bad enough, but the fact that he apparently was kind and just as intelligent as HIS Beth made this cousin detestable in William's eyes! He should have gone with them as his plans had been! He missed her badly, but had tried to sound interested, inquired into what she had seen and recommended things she had to see. He knew he loved Beth and she loved him but she was so young – and yet there was only two years until she reached her eighteenth year. He sat down to his desk, to begin his next letter to his Beth. Darcy House London 1811 My Dearest Beth, Thank you for your latest letter. I am happy that you enjoy Paris and all the attractions that the city affords. I am glad that you have received all my letters, even if I know it is hard to get our letters through. I have been busy, for hiring a new staff member, which Mrs Reynolds already had done much to my surprise from the ranks of Pemberley, and I have invested in a few new businesses which show promise, including that ofEdward Gardiner's. I am happy to read about your adventures in Paris and enjoy how much you learn and see while out in Europe, even if I long to see you again and miss you dearly. I am to ask for Charles - how is MissJane? I am glad that you have met yourFrench relations, even if I dislike the word French; forgive me for the next, but do not let our cousin steal you away from me. I remember Anne; she was a sweet girl and quite a good playmate together with her brother, Richard and Max. I am sending you a small reminder of my feelings and a reminder of Derbyshire. Georgiana sends her love. Yours truly William Darcy In Paris Elizabeth had enjoyed the entire city, had gotten new clothes, seen plays, met other aristocracy, saw an opera, talked French, and spent time with her sister and Jane. They were soon to go to Rome, as she was now tired of Paris - even if she would miss her new cousins. Mostly Daniel and their debates. Daniel Dustiéer had found his cousin Elizabeth quite beautiful, fiery and intelligent - and had enjoyed their heated debates, even if he had noted the wary and sometimes annoyed glances from her pretty companion Miss Jane, and warning glances from the elder sister Lady Mary-Rose. It was the next to last day of the Fitzwilliam's stay in Paris, when he was walking in the garden with Elizabeth, he tried to take her hand in his but she retracted her hand immediately, "I would like you not to do that again, Cousin." and put emphasis on the word Cousin. "Elizabeth, nearly since the moment we met I have come to admire you greatly, your beauty and your vivaciousness. I love you." he expressed. She stopped and looked at him with suddenly cold brown eyes, "You cannot love me; you know nothing of me! And I cannot and will not, ever, return such feelings as my heart is already taken by another." she stated clearly. "Who is it? Does he make you enjoy your debates and talks? Does he make you blush?"Daniel asked as he stepped closer to her. "He owns my heart and affections which is all you need to know, cousin!" she stated, which showed whose daughter she truly was in blood and name. He suddenly had her in a firm embrace, which she struggled furiously to get away. And he kissed her, quickly but passionately; she got free and slapped him harshly across his cheek. When she returned home, not a half hour later with Mary-Rose and Jane, she got her latest letter from William and a brooch in form of a house which could be Pemberley or Fitzwilliam-Lake house in Matlock with a piece of pine wood inside, which only led her to tears as she whispered, "Oh Will!" and fled to her chambers.
Chapter 16; the Grand Tour II Early July The Fitzwilliam family arrived in Rome. Elizabeth was still deeply hurt from what had happened in Paris - but she had not told anybody about it as not to create worry in her family. After only two days full of sightseeing, shopping and settling in, Elizabeth sat down before dinner to write to Madeline for advice. Fitzwilliam Rome Residence Rome, Italy 1811 Dear Maddie Thank you for your last letter, I greatly enjoyed it! I need your advice, after my visit to Paris! I met my French cousins, Anne and Daniel: they were veryfriendly, but it ended with Daniel kissing me, against my will - I slapped him soundly for it. Now the problem is I feel I should tell Will but I feel so guilty! What should I do? I love William dearly, but I would never hurt him and I know this will hurt him if he knew. What should I do? I have not dared to speak to anybody about it not even Jane nor Mama. Except for that incident, the trip to Rome has been wondrous, if a bit tiring. Now we have been in Rome for twodays, and I have never been as grateful as I am to Uncle Gardiner for those books in Italian I got on my birthday and my vocabulary! Jane is well; she enjoys this trip as much as I do, to be honest. She took to speaking light French as a duck to water; it does appear she has got an affinity for languages – so I am hoping she will take to Italian as well. She got her fair share of attention at the few balls we attended in Paris, which she deserved and more. We are to stay in Rome for around six weeks, so I hope I will receive your answer here or in St. Petersburg at the enclosed address. I miss you and uncle badly and hope I can see you when we return to Britain in a few months. Give Uncle Edward my warmest regards and a hug from me and my regards to the Bennets. All my fondest regard Lizziebeth She quickly enclosed the letter in an envelope and as she went down to dinner, she put it on the tray. The first several days were spent shopping, as the weather was much warmer than any of the travellers were used to in Britain, and of course sightseeing including St. Peters church, after Elizabeth's wish, and the Borgia house, the Vatican and other beautiful sights. Jane did notice that Elizabeth had been worryingly quiet since they departed Paris - and that night she came into Elizabeth's room as her maid was brushing her hair, "Thank you, Melanie. I will take over." "Yes, Miss. Goodnight Lady Elizabeth." "Goodnight Melanie." Elizabeth returned as Jane began brushing her hair. "Lizzie, I am worried for you; you have been in a melancholysince we left Paris." Elizabeth was silent as she tried to find the words to explain what had happened. "Lizzie?" Elizabeth met Jane's eyes and slowly explained. Jane was angrier than she had ever felt for Mr. Dustiéer's behaviour towards her younger sister/friend. "How dare he?! I am so proud of how you handled it! I cannot guarantee that Mr. Darcywill handle it nearly as well as you do, if I know him!" "I know, Jane! I wrote Madeline about it." Elizabeth explained. "Good. I do not really know how to deal with such a thing - besides going to your parents." Jane replied carefully. "No, not my parents! It would be so disgraceful for them!" Elizabeth exclaimed to Jane's words. "Lizzie, please be sensible!" Jane implored. They talked quite late into the night, mostly Jane trying to get Lizzie to put her trust in her parents. In the end Lizzie agreed, but only partly. In London (A Fortnightlater) When Madeline Gardiner read the cry for help in the letter, she at once composed a long response full of advice and ways of protecting herself and of course, news of Britain, herself and her marriage to Edward Gardiner and a promise to call on Mr Darcy to explain why Lizzie did not write to him, and make him understand that it did not change the way she felt for him. Edward Gardiner advised a postscript to trust her parents and Jane about everything. The next day when Madeline called on Darcy house, she found both Mr. Darcy and Captain Fitzwilliam in the study. "Mrs. Gardiner, to what do I owe to this pleasure? How are you and your husband? Content, I hope?" William Darcy asked. "Mr. Darcy, Captain Fitzwilliam - I am here on Elizabeth's behalf." "What has happened? You have heard from her?" William asked as he paled dramatically. Richard asked, "They have arrived safely to Rome; they are to remain there for fourmore weeks before going to Russia. What has happened?" Mrs. Gardiner explained and both men first were annoyed then flabbergasted to finally furious. "How dare he put a hand on MY Elizabeth? I will run him through!" William exclaimed hotly. "I... how dare he ever try to hurt my sister?! That bastard, if father does not call him out, I will!" Richard was truly scary when he lost his temper completely as he did at present. Mrs. Gardiner calmed Richard enough to listen as she further explained all which had happened, "Oh I knew my sister was a true Fitzwilliam!" Richard chuckled. William smiled slightly but asked: "Why did she not write me about it?" "She does not want to hurt you, Mr. Darcy. She is still vulnerable." "I know, but we... I love her. I never want her to feel like she cannot come to me with everything." William said. Madeline said, "She knows that she can come to you with anything, Mr. Darcy, but you have to remember all that has happened to her the last two years. She does not want to hurt you, and she was afraid that it would hurt you, if she did tell you. She cares deeply for you." Rome After her talk with Jane and a short if meaningful talk with her mother, she felt much better. Then Mary-Rose, Jane, Elizabeth and the Earl and Countess went walking around a small but colourful market, which had been Jane's wish so she might buy some trinkets for her siblings and parents. As Jane and Elizabeth were looking at some trinkets, Elizabeth moved to look at some other items and bumped into a young man, "Oh Dio mi scuso signore! lo sono terribilmente spiacente!" she exclaimed. (Oh gosh I apologise sir! I am dreadfully sorry). The man regained his footing and replied in English: "A worthy try, miss. There is nothing to apologise for." "You are English, sir? And a naval officer too if I am not wrong?" she asked carefully. "Yes, born and bred British. Will you allow me to introduce myself?" She nodded; he removed his hat, bowed and said, "Commander Frederick Wentworth, at your service ma'am." She made a light curtsy and said: "Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam, Commander Wentworth." "It is a pleasure to meet you, Lady Elizabeth. May I ask of news from England? I have not been home for a long time." Elizabeth gave all the news she could include comments on international matters. Frederick Wentworth was amazed at how insightful his new acquaintance was about international matters. He was on leave for a month before he was due to return to his position on HMS Victory. "MayI ask where you hail from, Lady Elizabeth? And let me compliment you on your very insightful knowledge." he continued with a smile. He was a handsome man with very blue eyes and blond hair, and a friendly smile: he was tall, a head taller than she, and had good manners and he could not be more than five and twenty years old. "I hail from Derbyshire, Cmdr Wentworth; I have had indulgent parents and a good governess to teach me. Where do you hail from, sir?" He dragged himself out of his thoughts, "My family has had different homes, but the last was in Portsmouth. We were three siblings in my home: my elder sister and brother, Sophia and Edward and myself." he said. He knew from her fashionable but simple look that her family must be someone with wealth, not that it mattered to him. He liked her knowledge, her friendliness, and her careful manners but he could see a wit in her eyes. "We are five siblings in my home: Two elder brothers and two elder sisters. I am the youngest." Atthe same moment, Jane came over and linked her arm with Elizabeth's and asked: "Who is this man, Elizabeth?" Elizabeth said: "Jane, this is Commander Frederick Wentworth of the British Navy. Cmdr. Wentworth, this is my companion and best friend, Miss Jane Bennet." Frederick Wentworth bowed and said: "Miss Bennet." Jane curtsied and said: "Commander Wentworth." Jane held his glance with a firm one of her own. Just then the Countess came over and saw a young man with her daughter and Miss Bennet, "Elizabeth, would you mind introducing this man to me, and explain what you are conversing about?" Elizabeth looked at her mother, before she said, "Mother, this is Commander Frederick Wentworth of the British Navy. Cmdr. Wentworth, this is my mother, the Countess of Matlock." The Countess gave a nod, as the Commander bowed politely to her and said, "It is a pleasure, Lady Matlock." Elizabeth said cautiously, "I was merely giving Commander Wentworth news from England, Mother." The Countess said, "I do believe it would be more proper to continue this exchange of news in other circumstances. Commander, I do hope you will take tea with us tomorrow afternoon?" Commander Wentworth was a little shocked but quickly schooled his facial expressions, "I would be honoured, Lady Matlock." The Countess said, "Then we will look forward to seeing you at three o'clock. Elizabeth, will you give him the address?" "Yes, Mother." Elizabeth replied, and she quickly scribbled the address down and handed it to him, "Thank you, Lady Elizabeth. I will look forward to tomorrow." He said, with a light bow when Miss Bennet dragged Elizabeth away. The next day Soon they sat down fortea, and the Countess asked: "May I ask what the navy is doing in Italy?" "We are merely patrolling the waters, Countess." he replied politely. Elizabeth said: "Speaking of the military and the war, my brother, Captain Fitzwilliam, has just gotten an extended leave." The Countess calmly said: "Elizabeth enough." "Yes, Mama. I apologise." Her sister and companions smiles got him to understand that Elizabeth might be reproached but it was never seen as harsh and apparently happened quite often. Lady Mary-Rose turned to him and said: "I take it that you are on leave, sir?" "Yes, I am Lady Mary-Rose. I am spending what remains of my leave, which is about three weeks, here in Rome." Mary-Rose asked, "How did you run into Elizabeth? Or should I ask how she ran into you?" A laughter was clearly seen in her eyes, and humour in her voice. "Your sister bumped into me at the market, Lady Mary-Rose." he said as his eyes met Elizabeth's eyes which were full of humour. Elizabeth smiled at Cmdr. Wentworth and said: "I was awfully clumsy and nearly tripped poor Commander Wentworth as I looked for things for the family at home." "But Lady Elizabeth did make a very charming apology and in very proper Italian too." Cmdr. Wentworth said. The Countess said: "My daughter has had a thorough education, Commander Wentworth. Elizabeth is clever, and she is able to speak quite a few languages." "Five languages, Mama." Mary-Rose said: "I have heard you speak French, Italian, and I know you studied German with Mrs. Gardiner." "And I speak a bit of Latin and Spanish, but I am not very good at it." Elizabeth said. Cmdr. Wentworth said with a smile, "You are then one of the most accomplished women I have met in a long time, Lady Elizabeth." Elizabeth said, "Thank you, Cmdr. Wentworth." Though she noted he had a faraway look in his eyes. "It is a very proper compliment, Commander." the Countess said. Wentworth smiled, "Thank you, Countess. Your daughter is a compliment to your family, Countess Matlock." After Cmdr. Wentworth left, Elizabeth hurried to the silver tray which held the letters. Three letters were for her; one from Maddie, one from her brother and, lastly, one from William. She wondered what William could write about, but she was looking forward to reading her brother's letter - Maddie's letter was though still the most important. Elizabeth read Maddie's letter, and was extremely happy with the advice from Maddie, and 'Uncle' Edward - they were right, she had though already told her mother about what had happened in Paris. Richard's letter was as always full of mischief, news and stories, even if the tone was more serious than normal, as he asked into her health; he had heard what happened from Maddie together with William. Elizabeth became slightly nervous as to what William's letter would contain. Darcy House, Grosvenor Square, London 1811 My Darling Beth, I cannot tell you how worried I became when Mrs. Gardiner shared what happened in Paris with Richard and I. I was so worried about you, and how such an event could have affected you! I will not deny that I want to strangle Daniel Dustiéer with my own hands after what he has done! Richard was livid, and I will admit to thinking in the same way as he at the time. I am so sorry I was not there to prevent such a thing from happening, Beth! I suppose you have long since left Paris for Rome and to be honest, I am glad for that! How do you like Rome? What have you experienced? Georgiana and I are going home to Pemberley next week and will remain there for a time. I will admit to looking forward to seeing Pemberley again, even if it has only been a few months. I am tasked to send Bingley's warmest greetings to Jane - he is completely lost in her, Beth, and I do not know what I can say to him. Well, when I think about it, I do not think I can say anything, since we are in the same situations, I guess. Max and Marina have hardly shown themselves since their wedding. But they did attend a dinner here the other night, alongside Richard, Jonathan and Rachel. Max was practically glowing with happiness, but I am to send you their love. Georgiana is off from school: she is missing you a great deal, though she misses your family greatly too. I look forward to your next letter, Beth, as I am missing you greatly. I am yours William Elizabeth could not believe that William blamed himself for what had happened in Paris! It was so like him to blame himself, and it was horrible especially as it had all been her fault, by being too familiar, but then she had manned the yards and told Daniel off! She would definitely write William and one for Georgiana and perhapswrite Maddie again. "Elizabeth, come on, we are for a drive around the city." "Coming, Jane." she called back and rushed out of her room.
Chapter 17; the Grand Tour III Early September 1811 The weeks of the Fitzwilliam family's stay in Rome went quickly with a few balls, drives through the city, walks, days at the market, attending the opera, theatre. Cmd. Wentworth had spent much time with the Fitzwilliam's until the end of his shore leave and he had to return to his ship. He and Elizabeth agreed to write to each other through her parents to keep to propriety. The Fitzwilliam girls and Jane had much enjoyed the stories that Cmd. Wentworth had told of his adventures in the navy – Jane had been sceptic at best as she was very protective of Elizabeth after Paris, and to add to that Elizabeth was betrothed! The Countess had found the young commander to be a kind young man and quite proper too, as he was polite and courteous to her and her family. Even her husband had met him once and could find nothing wanting in the young man. They had all thought highly of him, and something which pleased them both, was that he helped Elizabeth open up more. Soon after, the Fitzwilliam family began packing for leaving Rome, and slowly made their way to Russia through Europe. In Derbyshire, Matlock William and Richard were sitting in the Matlock Lake House in Derbyshire with Max and Marina, and joined by Georgiana who had shared the latest letters from their cousin/sister. "Elizabeth sounds happy and Mary-Rose sounds like she is enjoying her time with MissJane, Elizabeth and our parents. Elizabeth mentions a Cmd. Wentworth; do any of you know of him?" William looked at his cousins and sister. "Max? Rich, talk to me: who is this Cmd. Wentworth?!" Rich said, "I have never heard of him, but I will by this time tomorrow, Darce." "That would be good, Rich. I do not want Elizabeth in another situation with another man!" Marina said from a chair by the fire: "Will, Rich, darling, do not overreact, there could be a very simple explanation to this Cmd. Wentworth. But do inquireon him, what kind of man he is, just in case. Elizabeth has been through enough already!" Europe The Fitzwilliam family were on routeto St. Petersburg in Russia. The trip through Europe was filled with amazing landscapes: magnificent mountains, fields, cities and so many views that it made Elizabeth take up drawing - or well, trying to draw - the views that she saw even if they were not very good in her opinion. "Elizabeth, what do you think of our trip?" her mother asked. "Mama, these are some of the most amazing views we have seen on this tour!" Elizabeth responded to her mother. "France was beautiful; Italy was amazing and so fascinating. I wonder what Russia will give us as to views and sights." England, Derbyshire Richard rushed into Darcy's study at Pemberley, and said: "Darce, I have news!" Darce sat up and said impatiently: "Out with it, Rich! Any news is better than no news!" Richard poured a drink, sat down and began: "Commander Frederick Wentworth is a man of four and twentyyears, already has a small fortune to his name, but he is to continue in the navy. He has an excellent service record until now, and he is a shoe-in for being made Captain within three or so years. He is the third son of a gentleman of small means from Somerset." Darcy slammed his fist down unto the table, and said: "He has been in company with Beth!" Darcy exclaimed in an annoyed tone of voice. "Darce, why are you this nervous for my sister? She is capable of taking care of herself; she proved that in Paris." Darcy had to fight his temper and said: "Rich, Elizabeth is vulnerable still! I do not want her hurt again ever!" "Darce, are you admitting your affections for my youngest sister?" Richard asked teasingly; he simply could not help but tease his cousin, as it was so obvious that the poor man was hopelessly in love with his sister. "Rich, I... well, argh, yes, you know I love your youngest sister... and always have!" Darcy started out fiercely but ended in a calm and caring tone. "When will you ask my sister, Darce?" William looked at his cousin, and said: "If it was up to me... the minute she arrives home. But I know her; she deserves so much – a tender and perfect proposal of her dreams. Besides she is not turning eighteen for another nineteen months." Richard smiled and said: "Good. You know, you have my support, Darce. And the family's too." "Thank you, Rich. Though I doubt I will like any man who as much as looks at Beth. She means the world to me." Rich snorted and said: "You and Elizabeth are soul mates – we all know it. All have known it for months, except you and Elizabeth. I do not think you have to be nervous about Cmd. Wentworth; as far as I can see, love practically leaps off the pages of her letters to you!" William coloured but smiled at his cousin and best friend. "To change the subject how fares Bingley?" Rich asked. "He is still thinking of his angel... Jane Bennet. He even forced me to send his regards to her in my letter to Elizabeth. Otherwise he is getting better; he is still too eager to please and a bit too naive but better all in all." Rich smiled and said: "That's good. So, all in all still a puppy but growing slowly. He could have chosen worse, I guess." William could not help but chuckle, before he responded, "Yes, a puppy still, or that is what your father calls him. Bingley could have chosen much worse than Miss Jane." Europe Jane and Elizabeth were whispering together, "Did I mention that William wrote a greeting from Charles to you?" "Elizabeth! You should call him, Mr. Bingley!" Jane lightly scolded, but she blushed so she did not look annoyed but rather pleased. Elizabeth said: "You of all people should call him Charles; he has practically been courting you the whole spring and summer." Jane smiled. Mary-Rose smiled as she said: "Jane, you should listen to my sister. Charles Bingley is William's best friend besides our brothers, and he is one of the kindest men of means, who is not of our circle. That is a good mix for a husband. Besides, it would be a good marriage for him as well; he would be marrying up; he is the son of a tradesman and you are a gentleman's daughter." Later that day, the Fitzwilliam party arrived in St. Petersburg after several days of travel from their last stop. As they drove through the city, Elizabeth was thrilled and nearly shrieked in delight, "This is amazing! So amazing!" Their residence was even more fantastic, it looked like a palace, Jane and she both exclaimed, "Amazing!" The Earl smiled and said, "It used to be a palace of some renown before a distant relative of ours bought it. Well we better get inside so you girls can see the house and find your rooms." Inside was beautifully decorated, with glass chandeliers and a flora of paintings – one room became another until the family had seen their residence. Mary-Rose walked together with her parents, since Jane and Elizabeth partnered as they explored the manor. It was not decorated as badly as Rosings, but it was very rich in marble, precious metals and mosaic, and they found rooms next to each other in the family wing of the house. That evening after dinner, which had also been very rich, more than they normally were used to, Elizabeth sat down to write William and a few other letters. Petersburg House St. Petersburg Russia September, 1811 Dearest William, We have at long last arrived in St. Petersburg, after our lovely visit to Italy. Just from when we drove through the city, it looks amazing – so rich in culture and history. The colours are slowly turning to the magnificent red, gold, and orange which symbolise autumn is coming, and so is this trip. We are all in good health. Mary-Rose enjoys the trip and Mama and Papa spend all their time with us – Jane is by the way flattered at Mr. Bingley's continued attentions to her even through letters. I have already learned so much, but I will admit to missing Madeline and Uncle Edward, and their way of teaching; religion, culture, history, geography, languages and different social norms. You would not believe half of what I have seen. Mama has promised that we will attend the ballet and theatre a lot while we are in Russia; I cannot wait – but on the other side, I am about ready to go home. I miss the parts of family who are not with me here, mostly you – just you, to be honest. Papa has promised us to see the Winter Palace, too – I am glad that we are not here during winter time as my guess is that it will be bitterly cold! How is Pemberley? Have you been to Matlock on your way home? How is Georgie? And, my brothers, sister and sister-in-law? Any news? I got your latest letter; it was not your fault! I should not have acted so openly to the French part of the family! You shallNot blame yourself, Will! I forbid it, or else I will make sure Rich teasesyou thoroughly! I hope I make myself clear? I will close this letter now, and start on my letter to Georgie and Richard. I am and will remain yours Beth Elizabeth sealed the letter with her own seal her father had gotten her; it was the letters EF entwined together. Then she took out a new sheet of paper to begin her next letter. St. Petersburg Russia, September, 1811 Dearest Georgie, As you can see, I am in Russia, St. Petersburg to be precise. It is the latest stop on this adventurous journey, before we sail home via Denmark. I am glad you enjoyed school; I know William is very proud of you! How have you been? How did you find school? Did you make friends? I am missing you all so much! We must convince your stubborn brother to take you to Italy when you come out! It is so beautiful and interesting, and I think you will like it. How are Max and Marina? Have they made any announcements yet? And what of Rachel and Jonathan? I do wonder if Marina will end up announcing soon. Actually, I have a favour to ask you, as your stubborn wonderful brother thinks that an incident in France is his fault; I want you to team up with my brothers and prank William – would you do this for me? I will give Richard instructions, and do not worry; it is completely harmless, if only a bit humorous. To other matters; St. Petersburg is a culture and history rich city, but as I look outside it is clear that autumn is well on its way. I cannot wait to share my whole journey with you all when we return. I will write more soon. Send my love to my brothers, sister, Marina and the Gardiners. All my love Lizzie Russia The first morning saw the Fitzwilliam's and Jane at breakfast. "Do you girls want to see an opera in the city? Any wishes?" the patriarch of the family asked. "Father, do you think it possible to see the winter palace?" Elizabeth asked. "I will certainly look into it, Elizabeth." He replied with a fond smile to his youngest daughter. Then he looked to his wife, to see the same fond smile on her lips; they cared deeply for their daughter. The Fitzwilliam family did attend the theatre that evening, all dressed in some of their best clothes. In the intermission, a couple came into their box, and the man said in perfect British: "Patrick Fitzwilliam, is that you?" Matlock asked surprised, "John Welsh Rosenberg... what are you doing in Russia?" "I am an attaché at the Russian Court, Patrick. I take it this is your family? It has been years! I see two new children... my, my in our age, mate?" Elizabeth, Mary-Rose, and Jane blushed lightly at the words. The woman standing next to himhit her husband lightly on his arm with her fan as she said: "Behave, John!" Earl Matlock said: "It is indeed my family – my sons are at home along with our daughter-in-law and eldest daughter. I am sure you remember my wife, Constance, and my next eldest daughter Mary-Rose. This is my youngest, Elizabeth, and her companion, Miss Jane Bennet." "This is my wife, Eleanore." Mr. Rosenberg presented. They all greeted each other, and by the end of the intermission they had an invitation to see the winter palace, much to Elizabeth's happiness.
Chapter 18; the Grand Tour part IV England, Derbyshire September 1811 William was sitting at his desk at Pemberley, and looked up at the portrait of his parents and asked: "Were you as nervous about asking Mama to be yours as I am of asking Elizabeth to be mine, father?" He could see that the painter had caught the happiness and devotion his parents had had for each other in the portrait. He had sent off two letters for their family in Russia, also a letter from Max and Marina as the couple had spilled the beans a few nights earlier in London before he and Georgie returned to Pemberley. When he thought about his parents, his thoughts almost naturally wondered to Elizabeth, to Beth – he had felt his heart miss a beat when he had read the closing of Beth's letter; 'Yours Beth.' Russia The Fitzwilliam family in company of Sir John Rosenberg arrived to the Winter Palace. It was even more fantastic than Elizabeth could have dreamed of. They entered the palace; the Fitzwilliam-girls and Jane were stunned into silence by the splendour of the magnificent Winter Palace. "This is amazing! Oh Lizzie, I never thought I would see the famous winter palace!" Jane whispered to Lizzie as they walked through one magnificent hall after another. "Me neither, Jane!" Lizzie replied in a whisper. Mary-Rose came up on their side and said: "I have never seen such splendour, its tasteful and… fantastic!" "Who would have thought that we would see the inside of THE Winter Palace, the home of the Tsar and Tsarina?" Mary-Rose commented. "Did you read that the Tsar and his wife lost their daughter three years ago?" Elizabeth asked. "I read about it, Lizzie." Jane replied as she and Lizzie began a whispered lesson in the history of the Tsar. Just then Sir Rosenberg held them back as they spotted a couple, walk up the stairs together. Sir Rosenberg said as the couple disappeared: "The Tsar and Tsarina." Jane, Mary-Rose and Elizabeth were stunned; they had not expected to see the Tsar or Tsarina. Elizabeth asked carefully: "Is it really true that they have given up the hope for children?" "I am afraid so, Lady Elizabeth, the death of their daughter ended all their hopes." Sir Rosenberg answered in a serious tone of voice. The same afternoon, Elizabeth got all the answers to her letters, and knew a return letter would only reach home a few days before their own return. But news from home was always wanted, indeed needed especially from William, and oh what happy news! Marina had announced her pregnancy! Pemberley, Derbyshire England, September 1811 Dearest Beth, I am thrilled that you enjoy your trip so much, and that you are learning so much just as you like. I am almost envious that I cannot escort you to the ballet or theatre, though I hope you will allow me to when you return home? I miss you, Beth, I guess as much as you miss me. Your brothers send their love, and I can tell you they cannot stop smirking – what have you asked them to do? Oh, and Beth, I know Georgie is in on whatever plan, those two lunatics to your brothers have! I am sure you have heard already that Max will become a father in the spring, and that the Gardiners also will become parents shortly before Max and Marina will – they send their love and look forward to seeing you. Pemberley is still standing, much to my own surprise, and have actually gained an extra two thousands in the yearly income, and since the harvest was so good, Pemberley is hosting a small harvest dance for the tenants, it is the first time since father passed away. I am sure you are laughing Beth, at my almost running from my own study, with your brothers on my heels and a laughing Georgiana... Hello Lizzie, I have taken William's letter to improve upon it, and to tell you; he is a blind fool as he cannot stop smiling for days on end when your letters come – he loves you dearly, and I dearly hope that I will be able to welcome you as my sister, soon. Have to run, William is back. Beth, your brothers are insane! Though I doubt that is a surprise to you. I was unceremoniously dumped in the lake! It seemed mild for those two lunatic's normal practices, can I assume, you were the mastermind behind this plan? I long to see you, and talk with you! I better end this letter for now; see you in three weeks, if my calculations are correct. Truly yours William She laughed heartily at the letter, and knew her brothers had pranked William, and followed her directions perfectly, and that Georgie helped. Just as they finished dinner, a footman came in with a letter, and handed it to her mother. "Children, news from Italy, and the south of Europe, from Cmdr. Wentworth." They all stopped talking and listened. "Sicily, Italy 1811 Greetings Earl & Countess Fitzwilliam. I hope you and your family have arrived safely to Russia? From my directions, you can all see that we are near Sicily, and quite close to Malta, where we are patrolling the waters. I want to thank you all for the many comfortable hours, I spent with you as a family, and it did make me think of my own family back in England. I wonder if I could trouble you with posting the enclosed letter once you reach British soil. I thank you, Earl Matlock for your advice, I will definitely follow it. I have taken the opportunity to send a small piece of robe and explanation, as to how to make a proper Knut which Lady Elizabeth asked into at one of our meetings in Rome. It was a pleasure to meet your family, and I hope you all have a safe journey home to Britain. I remain yours respectfully Cmdr. Wentworth." The countess stopped reading the letter out loud, just as Elizabeth asked worriedly, "We will post it, will we not, Mama?" "Of course, we will, dear. His family deserves to hear from him, as he is so far from home." The Countess replied to her daughter. She was grateful that her babies had not been taken away from her yet, though Richard worried her. Especially as he was a captain in his majesty's army, and could be sent off to anywhere without a moment's notice. The Fitzwilliam family had seen a lot, and attended a few balls too. Jane had received several letters while they had been away, and apparently Bingley had sought out her parents to be allowed to court her when they returned to British soil. Jane had been radiant with happiness, "Oh Elizabeth! This is too much; I do not deserve such attention or all this happiness!" "Yes, you do, Jane. Charles is the best man next to...my William." Elizabeth replied confidently, though a little shyness did show when she referred to William as hers. She had grown, and become more confident and outgoing during the last few years, ever since the Fitzwilliam's had adopted her, she had slowly come out of her shell. Nowadays her thoughts often did turn to William, and what he might be doing, and wondered if he missed her, as much as she missed him. "Oh, he is a true gentleman, Elizabeth! Is this the way you feel about Mr. Darcy?" Jane questioned with happiness evident in her eyes. "Yes, it is!" Elizabeth replied with a radiant if shy smile. England William sat at his desk at Pemberley, looking out over the park, "Oh I wish you were here, father, to guide me through this mess!" He groaned as he looked at the mountain of papers still on his desk. He also looked at the small portrait which had a central spoton his desk; it showed Beth in a beautiful emerald green dress and she had a breathtaking smile on her face. He remembered it well; she had been painted shortly after her sixteenth birthday in Matlock. He returned his attention to the paperwork, though a smile played across his face from time to time. Just then a voice said: "My god, you are a pathetic lovesick fool!" William rolled his eyes before he looked up and met Richard's eyes. "Were you not needed in London or some sort of thing?" he asked in a dry tone of voice. "Yes, to talk strategy, and as the general is in doubt if he should send me off to Copenhagen to be stationed until the new year, I persuaded him to send me after New Years, so I can spend time with my family and see my sister engaged before I leave, perhaps." Richard said, and winked at his younger cousin. William looked worriedly at his cousin, who he and Georgiana saw as a brother more than a cousin, "How long will you be stationed in Copenhagen?" "A year or so, I guess. Then I will likely be sent to Spain if the troubles there have not stopped before then." Richard saw the sadness in William's eyes. "Do not worry, Will. Nothing will happen to me. I will come home." "Will you be my best man the day I marry, Elizabeth?" William asked, with a crookedly smile. "Of course, I will, William. There is not another man I rather see my sister marry than you. Especially as you are both so hopelessly in love with each other." Richard responded to William's question, and was for once met with a shrug and a guilty smile from his normally dour younger cousin. A moment later, Max and Marina entered. "Well, is everything settled? Will you become our brother, Will?" Max asked with a grin on his face. William groaned and said: "I should not have let you come!" They all laughed. "But you will become my brother-in-law, will you not, William?" Marina asked sweetly. "Yes, I will hopefully, that is if Beth accepts my proposal when the time comes." William replied just as he saw Georgiana in the door to the study, with the biggest grin on her face, he had seen in a long time, though his eyes wandered again to the portrait of Beth. AU: yeah, I know he is a lovesick fool, but can you blame him? A small reminder: Constructive criticism is appreciated, flames are NOT!
Chapter 19: Return to Britain After a harsh crossing from St. Petersburg to Copenhagen, the Fitzwilliam family spent the better part of four days visiting the sights, including many of the newly built government buildings in thecity. "I love this city." Jane expressed one afternoon after a visit to an art museum; it was slightly windy but otherwise pleasant to walk around in the old city. Elizabeth agreed with Jane, even if her favourite place on the trip had been Italy, as it had been like a new world opening up to her. Mary-Rose saw the dreamy look in Elizabeth's and Jane's eyes and could not help but tease, "I think I can guess your thoughts, Jane and you, Lizzie, at this precise moment." Jane replied softly, "I should hope not, Mary-Rose." Elizabeth just gave her sister a challenging look and raised one elegant eyebrow at her elder sister. Mary-Rose said: "I do know, you are both thinking of two young men who have captured your hearts. Mr. Bingley in your case, Jane, and do not try and deny it as we all know he will be courting you when we return home. And you, dear sister, is thinking about William, the man of your dreams, but who also loves and adores you as much as you do him!" Lizzie and Jane blushed as Mary-Rose was right. Mary-Rose laughed delightedly, "Oh, I must be close to the truth for you to blush like that." Lizzie regained her control and said, "Though what about Daniel? Are you not going to get married the moment we arrive back to Britain?" Her elder sister blushed; she should know better than to spar with her younger sister so carelessly, as she had a sharp tongue, a clever wit and she had gained quite a bit of courage during their trip, to speak her mind. On the fifth day, the Fitzwilliam family left Copenhagen on a ship bound for Dover – as the water of the North Sea could be on the harsher side this time of year, the Captain had warned that the trip might take a further two days than normal, bringing the amount of travel days up to six days instead of four. England, Dover, five days after departure from Copenhagen Elizabeth and Jane stood outside on the deck as the ship sailed the last miles into the safe harbour of Dover. Jane was radiant as she looked forward to seeing 'Charles' again, as the Fitzwilliam'shad been invited to spend a few days at Netherfield Park, though Jane and Elizabeth would stay at Longbourn. Since Elizabeth had been invited by the Bennet's to stay a few weeks and Elizabeth had politely agreed to their kind invitation. "Welcome back to England, Elizabeth." Jane said calmly. Elizabeth smiled and said: "Thank you, Jane. Looking forward to seeing Charles?" and saw Jane blush prettily. Hertfordshire, Longbourn Manor That morning Mr. Bennet said to his lady, "My dear, from Jane's letter I gather that she and the Fitzwilliam family ought to arrive here in little less than a week." Mrs. Bennet said, "I know, Mr. Bennet, how can you be so tiresome? Jane did request that she and young Elizabeth share her room. I think she will fit right in with our children." Just then their son and heir, John, came into the room and said, "Father, I need your help with the tenants; there is a dispute between Mr. Baxter and Mr. Johnson." Mr. Bennet sighed, as he murmured, "Not again." Then his eyes met his son's and said: "Get your hat, son, and I will be there in a moment." John left, and Mr. Bennet said, "Now remember Mrs. Bennet, do not overwhelm Elizabeth, when she comes! She is our daughter's best friend." "The poor dear, she will fit right in, and I am sure the twins could learn a lot from her." Mrs. Bennet replied. "They sure will, Mrs. Bennet." Mr. Bennet replied and left the study to join his son. London When the Fitzwilliam family finally arrived in London, to their own townhouse, they were all ready to drop from the harsh crossing from Copenhagen, as none of them had gotten much sleep. After resting for a couple of days, the countess sat down to write to Maxwell and Rachel about their arrival back in Britain, while Jane wrote to her family before she retired, while Lizzie sat at her desk and looked out into the garden, before she wrote to William; London, Matlock House October 15th, 1811 Dearest William, As you can tell from my directions, I am back in England! It has been a wonderful tour, but I will admit that I am glad to be home. We will stay in London for some days, before we leave for Hertfordshire to visit the Bennet's and Jane will start her courtship with Mr. Bingley. As you know my sister, Mary-Rose is to be married to her fiancé Lord Daniel Blake, my brother-in-law's brother and they have decided they wanted to wed right away. I do think that Lord Daniel is a little impatient to have his wife to himself after this long time apart. They are to be married the day after tomorrow. I miss you and Georgie terribly, and cannot wait for Christmas where we all shall be together at Matlock Lake House! If you want to reach me, you may write me at Longbourn. Yours, Beth What the Fitzwilliam family did not know was that Mr. Bingley had invited William and Georgie to Netherfield Park to surprise their family,especially Elizabeth, as a favour to Darcy, though in Charles Bingley's mind it was all to please Miss Jane. Jane and he had talked quite a lot of Elizabeth and William, and how happy they always seemed when they were together. On the wedding day of Lady Mary-Rose to Lord Daniel Blake, Elizabeth stood and watched for the Blake carriage just as it arrived. Elizabeth hurried to the doors, and quickly greeted her brother-in-law before she dragged her eldest sister to Mary-Rose's chambers. "Is she ready, Lizzie?" Rachel asked. "More or less, we need our sister's opinion though." Elizabeth replied just as she opened the door to Mary's room. Mary-Rose smiled and turned, "Hello Rach. I am so glad you could come!" The two sister's embraced each other warmly, before Rachel said, "Well you look beautiful, Rosie. Let us go and get you married." The three sisters smiled and left the chamber, and joined the rest of the family in the drawing room. The Fitzwilliam family made it to the church, Mary-Rose said, "Lizzie, you are not angry that you will not be my bridesmaid?" "No, I am not. It is Rachel's rightful position as your closest sister. Now, get ready, you will be married within half an hour." Elizabeth embraced her. Soon after the music started, Mary-Rose was walking down the aisle towards Lord Daniel, who looked like he was ready to burst with happiness. Lord Daniel's best man was his brother and Rachel's husband, which Elizabeth personally thought was very sweet. It would be sisters married to brothers for the two couples. After two very emotionally vows, Mary-Rose and Daniel were finally pronounced as "Lord Daniel and Lady Mary-Rose Blake." The couple left the church with the biggest smiles on their faces. The couple was to enjoy their wedding journey to one of the Blake houses near the border to Scotland, up in Lancashire. Elizabeth embraced both her sisters and told them to write her when they had time, and where to address their letters for the foreseeable future. Daniel said, "Elizabeth, I have already promised that we will celebrate Christmas at Matlock, so you will definitely see your sister in two months." "Thank you, Daniel. Take care of my sister, will you not?" "Of course, otherwise I would get you, Rachel and Maxwell on my case." Elizabeth nodded as he was right. The couple left straight after the church for their wedding tour. Netherfield Park, day of arrival Charles Bingley, temporary owner of Netherfield Park, was running around, trying to make everything perfect for the visit of the Fitzwilliam's, while William said, "Charles, calm down; it is just friends coming, not the royal family!" Charles looked at him like he had two heads, before he asked, "Would you not do the same if it was at Pemberley, and Elizabeth was to visit?" William had the good grace to blush and merely nodded. "Thought so!" Charles murmured. "Two carriages are approaching, Sir." A footman said. "Good, ready to receive them. Thank you." Charles said. William had to admit, his friend had grown a backbone during the summer. The carriages stopped in front of the doors, Charles stood ready to receive his guests alongside his eldest sister Louisa Hurst. His younger sister had been too busy in town to want to play his hostess, so Louisa and Jacob Hurst had agreed to come and help. Bingley was looking forward to seeing Lady Elizabeth'sreaction to his surprise in the form of William and Georgiana, who were hiding in the sitting room – though he could not wait to see his angel, his Jane, again. The Earl and Countess got out of the carriage first. "Welcome to Netherfield Park, Countess and Earl Matlock, a pleasure to see you again. Have you not, Miss Bennet and Lady Elizabeth with you?" Then a voice said, "No need to worry, Mr. Bingley, we are here." They all turned at the voice of Elizabeth. Charles smiled at the sight of Jane, as he hurried over to help her out of the carriage. Just as Charles was about let Jane up the stairs to the doors, Louisa stepped forth and said, "Miss Bennet, I am afraid my brother forgot to introduce us. I am Louisa Hurst, Charles' eldest sister, and this is my husband, Jacob." Jane greeted them politely and with a smile. The Fitzwilliam family was also introduced. Then finally Charles could let Jane up the stairs to the doors, the Countess and Earl just looked on indulgently as Jane smiled radiantly. Elizabeth could not help but be pleased to see her best friend and Charles Bingley so happy together! Louisa Hurst seemed like a kind woman, if a little vain. Elizabeth was the last to enter the sitting room, and froze in the door as she spotted William and Georgiana! William looked up and said with a heart stopping smile, "Surprise, Beth." With those words, she ran directly into his waiting arms; he caught her, and swung her around in glee at having her back in his arms. William had to do everything in his power not to kiss her right there, in front of everyone. Georgiana came over, and Elizabeth had to withdraw from William's arms, very reluctantly, but managed to hug Georgie warmly. "Hello dear Georgie! Oh, how I missed you." "I missed you, Lizzie!" Georgiana expressed warmly as she hugged her. Soon the party was talking, and laughing about the trip, though William and Elizabeth could hardly keep their eyes away from each other. The Countess saw both couples; Jane and Charles Bingley, and William and Elizabeth could hardly keep their eyes off of each other, "Georgiana my dear please come with me upstairs." She sent her husband a glance to come along as well, the Earl smiled indulgently at the scene between his nephew and daughter, guided Georgiana out of the door as they left the room. Louisa and her husband had strategically also left the room with the Countess. As the two couples were left alone, Jane and Bingley were sitting in the window seat and talked quietly together. William rose and held out his hand to Beth, which she eagerly took and together they walked out in the gardens. When they were away from the windows, he took her into his arms and said: "If you do not want me to kiss you, stop me now, Beth!" He lowered his head to hers and caught her lips in a tender kiss. Elizabeth almost immediately responded to his tender kiss, wrapped her arms around his neck and melted into his embrace. It was just as wonderful and magical as their first kiss together on her sixteenth birthday. Paradise and fireworks! She pressed herself further into his arms and kissed him back as tenderly and passionately as he kissed her. Though, standing was getting difficult as her legs felt weak and unable to hold her much longer. William was sure he was close to dying; he had the woman he loved in his arms, kissing her, and she was kissing him back! When he withdrew, he said as he cupped her face with his hands: "I love you! I love you, Beth! I admire your spirit, wit, intelligence, heart and fine eyes!" She held her breath as she thought, well hoped, that he was proposing to her. "I cannot live without you any longer, Beth! You are my heart, conscience, my better half...my first true love...I know we had a rocky past, and I know I can be arrogant and a fool, and unworthy of you, but with you, I feel I can and will try, to become worthy of you and your golden heart..." He held her eyes with his, as he dropped to one knee in front of her and took both her hands in his; she gasped softly in surprise. He asked: "Beth, Elizabeth... please, say you will be mine ... and do me the honour of marrying me?" The arrogant yet caring boy he once had been, her best friend, was now standing in front of her as the caring, responsible, charming and handsome man she had gotten to know, and he was kneeling in front of her and asking her to marry him – it was everything she had ever dreamed it would be! She wanted badly to scream, cry and jump in happiness, but could not even muster the single word answer. After several seconds she finally managed to say: "Yes!"
Chapter 20: Ball at Netherfield Park As William and Elizabeth walked back to the house after a two hour walk, William said, "I love you, Beth, so dearly." "I love you, William – I have for a long time." She spoke softly, as she leaned gently on his shoulder as they walked back to the garden door. "Do you want me to go straight to your father to ask for your hand?" William asked, and stopped Elizabeth and looked at her. "I would prefer it, but I will leave it in your capable hands, Will." Elizabeth replied and looked at him with radiant yet serious sparkling brown eyes. "I will come find you once your father has given us his blessing." William said softly and placed a kiss on her knuckles. "I am glad we already have Papa's blessing; that really means a lot to me." She responded quietly. "Your father would have loved seeing you happy, Beth." He responded, and opened the door for her. "Uncle Darcy would be very proud of you, Will. We have both come such a long way." Elizabeth said as they walked into the sitting room, which again housed the elder Fitzwilliam's, the Hurst's, Georgiana, Charles Bingley and Jane. Nobody in the room could confuse William and Elizabeth's radiant smiles for anything less than glee, happiness and love. Her father asked with a twinkle in his eyes, "William - is there something I should know?" William smiled and asked, "May I have a word in private, Sir?" Her father and William departed the room, and a moment later, Elizabeth was surrounded by her mother, Georgiana, Jane and even Louisa Hurst. "Is there something you wish to tell us...?" "What has happened, Lizzie, do tell us!" Elizabeth smiled radiantly as she answered calmly, "He proposed to me." Elizabeth whispered. The Countess embraced her, and exclaimed, "Oh my dear, have you given him an answer?" "Yes." Elizabeth responded simply. Elizabeth could barely hide the overwhelming happiness she was feeling. Jane whispered as she embraced Elizabeth, "You will be so happy! Congratulations!" The two girls laughed happily as they embraced. Charles looked on and said: "My friend is a lucky man; I offer my congratulations as well." "Thank you, Mr. Bingley." In the library, "LordMatlock, Uncle, I am asking for your blessing to marry your daughter, Elizabeth. I am in love with her, and this afternoon I asked for her hand and she did me the honour of accepting my proposal." The Earl smiled proudly, "Your father would be very proud of you, and to see you happy and in love was his highest wish. Of course, I give my blessing, William." He sent him a smile. "I better write my secretary to send me Lewis' next letter." The Earl commented as William smiled, and responded with a sincere: "Thank you, Uncle." When William returned to the sitting room, he found Elizabeth alone, with a book in her hand. "Where is everybody?" "They went up to change for dinner. I...I waited so I could, well... hear father's reaction..." She blushed, and he was aware that she meant to say something else. "Uncle gave us his blessing, Elizabeth." "Oh, I am glad. Will... only Beth from now on, please?" William replied softly, "Of course, Beth. Though I must be allowed some endearments..." "Well… my love would be lovely…" Elizabeth said as they held hands. "How about… my dearest? My beloved? My darling?" Elizabeth blushed prettily. "Those… would be acceptable… Will." She responded softly in a near whisper. "What will you call me, beloved?" The word sounded so right when he addressed her as such. "My dear, William, Will, my love… my beloved Will." Their eyes met, and another tender kiss was shared. During dinner, Charles Bingley announced that he had arranged a ball for two weeks hence, which made Elizabeth blush as William heldher hand in his under the table. The Hurst's werevisibly a little shocked over the short time limit to prepare for a ball. The Earl and Countess looked happy, and Jane's smile could not get more delighted. Georgiana asked, "Brother, may I... possibly attend the ball?" William looked apprehensive, but then his smile softened and said, "Well yes, part of it, you may. What say you, Uncle?" The Earl said, "I agree with your sentiment, William." The next morning Jane and Elizabeth were escorted to Longbourn by William, "Are you sure you cannot stay at Netherfield Park?" "Will, I have agreed to their kind invitation; I am going. And I expect you to visit with Georgie every day and I am starting my morning walks again." Elizabeth replied. "We are here, Lizzie." Jane said with an apologetic smile to William. Outside the carriage, the whole Bennet family was waiting, greeting Jane as she exited the carriage. Elizabeth and William then came out, and Jane said, "Mama, Papa, this is Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam – I am sure you remember her. This is her fiancé Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy." "Welcome Lady Elizabeth. Welcome to Longbourn Manor. May I introduce our children; John, you know, the twins Mary and Kitty and our youngest Lydia." Elizabeth curtsied and said, "It is a pleasure to meet you all. Thank you for having me, Mr. and Mrs. Bennet." Mr. Bennet said, "It's our pleasure, Lady Elizabeth. Congratulations on your engagement." "Thank you, all." Elizabeth replied with a smile. They all walked in and Jane called as she had already runahead to their room, "Lizzie, will this do?" She was obviously thinking she was right behind her. "I better go." Elizabeth said. Just then John Bennet came out from the sitting room, where he had led his mother and siblings a few moments before, "Ah, Mr. Darcy, I thought you had left. May I see you out when you have said your goodbye to your fiancé?" William said, "Master John, could you give us a moment?" John just smiled and retired to the sitting room. William drew Elizabeth into his embrace and kissed her lightly. "See you tomorrow at Oakham Mount." "At dawn…?" "Please say seven, love." William said almost pleadingly. "You will be up at dawn anyway, Will." "That is true, but you will need your sleep." He argued. "I am stronger than I look, now go and entertain… keep Mr Bingley occupied till morning." He smiled, bowed and said, "As you wish, love." She smiled as she saw him leave with John Bennet. "Coming, Jane." She called as she took the stairs as fast as possible. That evening, the Bennet family was sitting at dinner, "How was the trip, Jane?" Mary asked. "It was a wonderful journey, Mary. Do remind me to show you my drawings later." Jane replied as she looked at her younger sister with a smile. Lydia asked demandingly, "Did you meet any handsome men?" Jane met Elizabeth's eyes across the table and gently apologized for Lydia's uncouth comment; Elizabeth just shrugged her shoulder. "We danced with several men, Lydia, though it is not polite to talk of such matters, or interrupt a conversation, especially with a guest in the house." Jane said, and looked at the youngest of her sister's. "Oh Jane stop scolding her; she is only a child." Mrs. Bennet said as she sent her eldest child a stern glance. Elizabeth suddenly could not keep her mouth closed any longer, as she said, "She might be a child, but she is nearly the same age as my fiancée's sister and therefore old enough to know her manners, Madame." The room grew quiet. Jane looked in awe at Elizabeth for her words to her Mama. It was likely the first time she had been so outspoken. It was also the first time; someone had told Mrs. Bennet that Lydia's behaviour was not up to the expectations of polite society. Elizabeth blushed in shock at her harsh words, and barely spoke for the rest of the meal. 14 days later, the day of the ball, Netherfield Park It was the day nearly the whole of Meryton had looked forward to;the ball at Netherfield. At Netherfield Park, a few guests had already arrived; including Captain Fitzwilliam and Lord Daniel and Lady Mary-Rose Blake and Viscount Jonathan and Viscountess Rachel Blake. The Gardiner's had regretfully declined the invitation, and Max and Marina had also begged off, though both couples sent their congratulations to William and Elizabeth on their engagement. William was for once looking forward to the ball, so he could dance with Elizabeth again. He was glad that Georgiana had become so close to Elizabeth, Miss Jane, the twins and evenLydia, who had improved a little with Georgiana's more graceful behaviour in the last two weeks. Georgiana had also become livelier with the company of the Bennet girls – while he had become closer to Mister Bennet and Charles, though he had missed his best friend. He stood in the welcomingline with Charles, Mrs. Hurst and his aunt and uncle, as people arrived from Meryton. At last he spotted the two carriages – one his uncle had sent for Elizabeth and Miss Jane and the other Bennet carriage. From his uncle's carriage, John Bennet came and helped out, MissJane first in a lovely white gown with golden lace – next came Beth. She looked even more beautiful than that morning. She was dressed in a white dress with an emerald green overskirt and she wore his emerald neckline around her neck. He had gifted her, the emerald necklace as an engagement present. Beth was bewitching, clever and utterly beautiful! Charles was frozen in place when the Bennet family, Jane and LadyElizabeth were greeted. "I am so glad you are here." Charles got out in a slightly rushed tone of voice. "So am I." Jane replied with a smile. When it was Elizabeth's turn to greet William, she blushed under his intense but caring glance. William was completely frozen, until he managed, "You...you have never looked more beautiful, Beth." "Thank you, William." She replied. Just before she walked away he asked, "May I ask for your first dance and supper dance and the last dance?" She blushed anew and said teasingly, "Three dances...one could get the impression that you were announcing something." He could not help but answer her teasing smile with a smile of his own and a raised eyebrow. "And what if I was?" he questioned; he never got the answer as more guests arrived. As Elizabeth and Jane walked into the ball room, Elizabeth was blushing so deeply that Jane questioned: "Lizzie is something wrong?" "No, Jane! Just... I am so happy!" Jane smiled, "You both deserve that happiness, Elizabeth. Mr. Darcy and you have both been behaving so perfectly the last two weeks." Lizzie thought, 'If only you knew' as she and William had met each morning at Oakham Mount, both to talk and confirming their ever growing love for each other – as her old fear of losing him still were slightly in her mind, as she dealt with her childhood. The Earl had dealt with several letters from Lady Catherine, and had also gotten the letter from Matlock Lake House from Lewis to Elizabeth. Elizabeth had read it privately first, but later shared it with her parents and William. Flashback Elizabeth had walked out in the official gardens at Netherfield, when her father had given her the next letter from her Papa. Dearest Lizziebeth, When you get this letter, you have become engaged to the man of your dreams, I hope. I can only hope the man you have accepted is the right kind of man for you, my dearest girl. As your father, I can only hope you have accepted that you and young William share a deep affection and connection to each other. If I am right, I can only hope your Uncle Matlock has given his blessing for your union. I am hoping that you are gloriously happy with the man who has won your hand, and your heart. If my hopes are fulfilled, young William will make you a good husband as he will respect you and adore you. Elizabeth smiled and said quietly, "You are so right, Papa. I am marrying William." I do congratulate you, my dearest girl, on getting engaged! I am hoping that you are getting your fairy-tale ending as I always wanted for you – even when you were a small child. As my dearest child, Elizabeth, I want you to have the marriage of love you deserve so dearly. All my love your father, Lewis When William came to find her, she showed him the letter and he smiled and said, "Your father really knew the future uncannily well, and knew you and I very well." He sent her a teasing smile. "Yes, Papa apparently knew us very well. I miss him so badly." He hugged her lightly and said: "Just as I miss my father and mother. It will get easier with time, Beth." As the orchestra began playing, William saw Charles guide Jane onto the dance floor, and to his surprise Rich leading a slightly blushing Catherine Bennet out onto the floor. He guided a smiling Beth onto the dance floor for their first dance that evening. As the first notes of the melody began playing, they began the familiar steps, "May we continue the interesting conversations from the receiving line?" he asked. "We may." She replied with a knowing smile. "And what if I was?" He asked. "Then you should ask your fiancée." She responded and danced away. When they came back together, he asked, "How are you, Beth?" "Frightened out of my mind for once, and you?" she asked, her eyes betraying her nervousness. "Shaking in my boots." He replied. He knew she still feared Lady Catherine would findout about everything, but he and his uncle Patrick were working on keeping the old bat away from Beth. "Even if you are frightened, you look beautiful." He stated as they once again moved apart for a few steps. Before the dinner dance, William let Beth away from the ball room, where they could talk for a few minutes "Where are you taking me, Will?" She questioned as they walked through a few darkened rooms. "To a small sitting room, I need a few minutes alone with you." When they sat on one of the couches, he took her hand, and said, "Something is missing. Close your eyes." "What are you going to do?" she asked. "It is a surprise, Beth." He responded softly as her eyes closed. He pulled out the ring; he had sent for from Pemberley; it was his grandmother's engagement ring. "Now open your eyes." He said, as he put the ring on her ring finger. Elizabeth opened her eyes and looked at the stunning ring on her finger, "Oh Will! It's the most beautiful piece of jewellery I have ever seen." "It was my grandmother's engagement ring; in her will she left it to me to give to that 'special' woman who would win my heart. And you, my beloved, have bewitched me body and soul, and own my heart." "Just as you own mine, Will." As he leaned down towards her lips, she met him half way in a tender kiss.
Chapter 21; a walk in the rain Several days after the ball, Elizabeth was up early to take her now normal morning walk. William met her on Oakham Mount, "Morning Will." "Good morning, beloved. You look stunning again." "You are full of pretty words this morning, Will." She replied with laughing eyes. "Be prepared for a lifetime of it." They embraced quickly, "How is my family this morning?" She asked. "They were well last night when I retired. You can walk back with me and spend the morning with them, Rich is returning to his London post tomorrow and Rachel and Jonathan are leaving as well." He explained. "Oh no, not already! Do you think Richard will be sent to Portugal?" "No, he already has his orders, he is being sent to Copenhagen after New Years." "He will at least be safe in Copenhagen." She replied as they slowly stood closer together, until he claimed her lips in a tender kiss. His arms wound around her and caressed her body; she instinctively pressed further against him, as her arms came up around his neck. Just as the kiss ended, it began raining softly, "Come on, we can make it to Netherfield Park before it gets really bad." He took her hand, and together they raced towards Netherfield. Just as they made it halfway to Netherfield, it began to downpour, "You should take my coat Beth, so you will not become ill." "No, no, we are there in a moment, Will. You are as wet as I. If we stand here and discuss it, we will both become ill." Elizabeth argued, and without further words took to her legs and ran for Netherfield, with William hot on her heels. As they got into one of the sitting rooms, Louisa Hurst looked up from a letter she was writing. "Lady Elizabeth! Mr. Darcy! Why are you both wet through?" "We walked and were caught in the rain." William explained simply, no reason for anyone to know it was their normal routine by now. "Wait here, I will get the Countess and some tea." She hurriedly left the room. Elizabeth sat in front of the fire and sneezed once. She and William looked at each other in disbelief, until a moment later, when he too began to sneeze. "Oh there is no way… atuhhhh!" Elizabeth began laughing at the ridiculous picture they presented. When Mrs. Hurst returned, it was with a maid who carried some towels, tea and Constance Fitzwilliam. When the Countess saw the young couple; one sprawled in a chair and the other on the floor resting up against the other's leg, she dismissed the maid. She went over to wake her daughter, only to find her warmer than normal; a beginning fever, and William in nearly the same condition. "We have to get these two into bed; they have a slight fever each. After three miles in the rain, no surprise they have been soaked through." When they tried to wake Elizabeth, she just murmured, "Go away...I have such a lovely dream" Her mother smiled and said, "Up you go, Lizzie. You have to go to bed. You are ill." and helped her daughter towards the stairs, when Elizabeth hissed out in pain, her mother knew at once she had touched upon a sore point, and tried another hold on her daughter. Within two hours Jane was there with a change of clothes for Elizabeth, and asked to stay with Elizabeth if she wanted, which she did. And the doctor had examined them both and diagnosed them both with violent colds. The few times Elizabeth and William were awake, they asked how each other was. Everybody took turns to sit with them during the evening, and left a maid with Elizabeth during the night, and Charles and Rich took turns with Will. Since both his sister and his cousin had taken ill, Richard had delayed his departure to London for a few days. During the night, nobody heard or saw Elizabeth walk in her sleep; it had happened a few times before in her childhood where she had ended up under her father's portrait, Maddie's chamber and once near her father's grave – this time... Nothing was discovered until Rich woke in his chair near dawn, and saw to his utter horror, his sister in Darce's arms – in his bed! He needed her out of there before it was discovered – his parents would be scandalized otherwise! He slowly got her out of the bed, and carried his still sleeping sister back to her room, put a cold cloth on her forehead, and said sternly to the maid, "Now mind her until I return with another of the ladies!" Not long after, he returned with Jane, who knew of Lizzie's sleep walking at times. "They really do need each other so that they even seek out each other even when sick!" Jane said quietly to Richard. "Yes, it seems so. I shall explain to Darcy, if he asks. Will you do the same?" Jane nodded and Richard left to return to Darcy's chambers. When William woke, Rich said, "Morning, sleepyhead." William just groaned, "Why am I in bed?" he questioned. "You have a violent cold, same with Lizzie." Richard responded, in a nearly cheerful tone of voice. "What do you remember from the night?" he added. William nodded, "I dreamed I was married to Beth – we were asleep in the master chambers at Pemberley, and Beth was in my arms." "Darce, what if I told you that you were not dreaming, completely?" William's eyes became bigger, "What do you mean?" he asked and tried to sit up, as Rich sat down in his chair. "Well it is something that Lizzie told us - her siblings - in confidence – that she had experienced waking up other places than her bedchamber. It was what happened tonight..." William sat up even further, "You found Beth here?" Richard nodded. "In my room?" Richard nodded again. "In my bed?" another nod, "In my arms?" "Yes, I carried her back to her room and got Miss Jane to watch over her." William sat panicking. "Your parents are going to kill me for this!" "Well, nobody will know except us and MissJane. And you are engaged and nothing happened so calm down, cousin." In Elizabeth's room Jane looked at Elizabeth as she woke up, "Morning, Lizzie, how do you feel?" Elizabeth smiled, stretched and said, "Morning, Jane. I feel better; I had a lovely dream...atuuh!" Jane handed her a handkerchief, Elizabeth smiled gratefully. "Now tell me about your dream." Jane asked, and sat down on the edge of the bed and began undoing the braid in Elizabeth's hair. "I...well, I was married to William...I was in his arms, and it felt so real, Jane. His arms around me, his relaxed breathing and the protectiveness I felt in his embrace. And to think that it is in my future...oh what an extraordinary thought!" Jane blushed a little, "Lizzie, you were sleep-walking again." She explained softly. "Oh no! Who found me? And where did I end up this time?" "Your brother found you ... and he found you...," she looked away and whispered, "In Mr. Darcy's room." Elizabeth blushed so hotly she looked like a tomato. "Jane, I can feel you hold something back, what?" she questioned. "Well, your dream..." "Oh no, it was not a dream?!" Jane acknowledged the truth of the words. "Your brother and I managed to keep it discreet and get you back here." The next evening found Elizabeth again falling asleep in her bed, safe and content; only to be woken the next morning by Will's voice, "Beth, you have to wake up." She looked up into his blue eyes, "Oh no, not again!" she groaned into the pillow. Will could not help but laugh slightly. It seemed like Beth was not always a morning person. He moved a lock of hair from her face, as he said, "Come on, everybody will murder us, if they find you here again." 'Especially Rich' he thought. "Atuhhhh!" "Bless you." "Thank you, Will." She replied, as he handed her a handkerchief from the table next to the bed. Elizabeth sat on the side of the bed, ready to leave, "Will, can you promise me something?" she asked slowly, "I shall try, Beth." "Promise me that when we are married, we will fall asleep in each other's arms each night?" Will sat up and put his arms around her; she leaned on his torso, "I promise, love." He rested his head on her shoulder, "I adore you, beloved." "Just as I love you. I better leave now or else someone is bound to discover it." She stood up and pulled on the slippers, turned and carefully kissed him and slipped out of Will's bedroom. Not five minutes later, Jane entered Elizabeth's room. Charles entered William's room. William sat with a dazed look, "Morning, Darcy." "Morning, Bingley. You seem chipper this morning. Why?" William asked, just as his valet came in. "Your bath is ready, Sir." Bingley said with an amused smile, "Do I need a reason to be 'chipper', as you called it?" "Just a guess, you saw Miss Bennet this morning?" "Yes, Darcy I did. She is the most angelic woman I have ever met! I think I will ask her to marry me in a few weeks." Charles replied. "Are you sure, Charles?" "Yes, I do believe I am, Darcy. Besides were you sure when you asked Lady Elizabeth to marry you?" Charles replied confidently. "Then I am glad for you. Well, I will be down as soon as possible. Would you maybe check if Beth is coming down today?" Will asked. "Will do, Darcy. See you downstairs." Charles left the room. "You seem much better this morning, Lizzie." Jane remarked, as she helped her into a beautiful white/blue patterned dress. "I slept well, I feel like myself today, I want to see Georgie today, maybe be with Will..." she blushed slightly. "Mr. Darcy and you are so bad; you need each other so much." Jane expressed softly. *Knock, Knock* Jane opened the door, "Oh Mr. Bingley." "William wanted to know if his fiancé is coming down." "You can tell my fiancée that I am, Mr. Bingley." Elizabeth replied from the vanity table. In the breakfast parlor. Matlock looked up from his paper as his daughter, Miss Jane, Mr. Bingley and nephew came into breakfast, "Morning all." Everybody returned the greeting. Elizabeth went over and embraced Georgiana. "I am sorry I kept you away; I did not want you to become ill. Two ill people are more than enough." "It is all right, Lizzie. One sick Darcy is more than enough, as you so nicely put it." Georgiana replied with a smile. As everybody was sitting with breakfast, a footman came over to Mr. Bingley with a letter; he quickly looked at it, left his chair and went over to Lady Elizabeth, "It is for you, Lady Elizabeth." When Elizabeth saw the address, she was instantly covered in goosebumps and the small amount of colour in her cheeks disappeared. Will asked worriedly, "Beth? What is wrong?" she scooted the letter over to him. The address read; Rosings Park, Kent. Will understood at once, and said, "Uncle" The letter was in his uncle's hands; he read it and said harshly: "Absolutely not!" "She is coming here, is she not, father?" Elizabeth questioned softly. "I am afraid so, Elizabeth." Her father answered. "I am staying; I am not running away." Elizabeth said firmly.
What has happened; William and Elizabeth got engaged, the Fitzwilliam family attended the ball at Netherfield, Charles and Jane are courting, Richard Fitzwilliam is being sent to Copenhagen (well in a few chapters), William and Elizabeth was caught in the rain and got sick which made Elizabeth sleepwalk, straight into Williams bed. And of course, a letter from Rosings arrived. AU: Constrictive Criticism in reviews are appreciated, flames are NOT! Chapter 22: Troubles of the Past Elizabeth was standing stubbornly in front of her father, "I am not running away, father." "Elizabeth, this letter was penned three days ago, she could arrive tomorrow! I shalldeal with my sister once and for all." Her father replied sternly. Elizabeth did not move an inch, but repeated herself, "I am not running away from her. She has ruined most of my childhood, and I will not hide and prove that I am still that frightened child, I was. I want to prove that I am… a more mature woman." William stood by her side, he wanted mostly for her not to deal with Lady Catherine, but he also understood her wishes to prove that she was a strong and mature woman. "Uncle, I hardly think anything can happen as long as you and I face Lady Catherine, while Elizabeth is there also. The rest of the family can go to Longbourn while we deal with Lady Catherine." William explained reasonably. The Earl looked at his nephew and daughter, "I really would prefer not to have Elizabeth anywhere near her mother." Elizabeth exclaimed to her father, "She is NOT my mother!" The whole family looked at her like she had grown an extra head. Elizabeth turned to her aunt, and said, "You are my mother, Mama, in every way possible." Constance Fitzwilliam went over to her youngest daughter and said, "And you are my daughter. But you are unfortunately related to Lady Catherine, and I would prefer that you came with us to Longbourn and avoided seeing her tomorrow, sweetheart." "Mama, try and understand that I have to acknowledge my past, and put it behind me as I am more mature and grown now, from when you took me from Rosings." Elizabeth said calmly, as she met her mother's eyes. Patrick walked over to his wife and put his arm around her waist, as Constance answered, "I do understand sweetheart, but I do not want you to face that horrible woman on your own." Elizabeth smiled and said, "Then I shall agree for you, father and William to stay with me." Constance Fitzwilliam simply shook her head at her resolute daughter and only prayed that she had the strength to face Lady Catherine when she arrived. The next morning Finally a footman came into the drawing room and said, "A carriage have been spotted, it has a coat of arms on it." William, Richard, Elizabeth and her parents tensed at that pronouncement. "Thank you." The Earl said and the footman returned to his post. Not long after, the door was opened and the butler announced, "Lady Catherine De Bourgh." William gave Beth's hand a quick squeeze, before the dreaded voice of Lady Catherine sounded, "Where is that ungrateful brat?!" Elizabeth did not shudder or show any emotion whatsoever at that, she did not even tremble at the once fearful voice. The Earl said, "Catherine, what are you doing here?" "I am here to stop that horrible brat from stealing my home and my daughter's rightful future husband." Lady Catherine pronounced. "Catherine, you know very well that the engagement between Elizabeth and Darcy has been a long standing one. Besides, it has been official for nearly three weeks now. Anne never had a chance to get Darcy as her future husband." William, Elizabeth and Richard had decided on what to say and when, William looked at Beth and saw nothing but coldness in her eyes. He was glad that it was not fear which was shining in her eyes. He had been worried about her reaction to the sight of her mother. William met Richard's eyes and he nodded and indicated Elizabeth, who stood tall and looked completely indifferent. Elizabeth held her eyes on Lady Catherine. Lady Catherine had said that William was Anne's rightful future husband. She wanted nothing more than to let her temper get the best of her, and yell and scream at the woman. But she knew better now. Patrick continued,"Catherine, I am glad that my brother is not alive today to see the monster you have become, you beat an innocent child!" "She was a horrible little brat, not worthy of the ancient name of De Bourgh." Constance Fitzwilliamsnorted a little, and said, "Ancient?! Ha! De Bourgh was barely ancient; they had been landed gentry and only became noble when Lewis's father got a title from the King for a speech!" Lady Catherine finally saw the young woman who was standing next to Darcy and her nephew Richard "How dare you show your face, you ungrateful little brat?! You should be on your knees, begging for mercy!" She pulled out a whip from her gown Elizabeth met her eyes and said, "I dare as I am no longer the child you beat within an inch of my life. I dare because I am a better person than you! I dare because this is my family, and my future." Elizabeth replied calmly, but with a deadly expression in her eyes. William put his arm around her waist, and leaned in and kissed her temple. Lady Catherine began lashing the whip out against Elizabeth, and took no notice of anyone else but the girl. Elizabeth side stepped the whip, she knew what it could do if it hit on the right spot. Her father took the whip from his sister's frantic hands, "This is the last straw, Catherine. You are not yourself, and therefore I will have you removed as Anne's guardian, and put you into a place where they can help you." They all knew that he meant Bedlam. Constance Fitzwilliam was furious as she rounded on her sister-in-law, "How dare you try and hurt MY child, my daughter! You horrible woman!" The silence only lasted for a short while until Lady Catherine shrieked, "Do not touch me! I am a Lady! How dare you side with that horrible brat, she should never have been born! She is not worthy of being anything, she should be beat and kept away from perfectly normal people! She is a little monster!" Patrick then pulled the servant bell, and a footman entered, bowed and said, "My lord rang?" "Please send in several footmen to take Lady Catherine away to the Magistrate." The footman bowed and said, "At once, My Lord." Several footmen tried to take her away to the magistrate. "How dare you, you little brat! I am your mother!" Elizabeth stood right in front of her and hissed with an icy look in her eyes, "You are not and have never been my mother, Madame." She turned to the footmen and said, "Take her away." Lady Catherine was removed from Netherfield, and Elizabeth sank down into a chair behind her, as her legs gave out from under her. Her father, mother, brother and fiancée hurried to her. William asked, "Are you all right, Beth?" Elizabeth smiled relievedat him and said, "I am as all right as I can be. I feel nothing but relief that it is over." William placed a kiss on her fingers. Her father looked at her with a firm glance, which she returned as to show that she was fine; her mother's hand was resting on her shoulder in silent support. Her father said, "I shall make sure that she is locked away for good. It might also mean that Richard have to give up his career after this to start learning the ropesof being the Master of Rosings rather sooner than we all anticipated." "He shall never forgive you father, if you do not let him get his promotion which is coming up to him in the next few months." Elizabeth explained. "I would rather see him as a Captain, instead of a Colonel and dead on a battlefield in Spain." Her father replied seriously. Richard put his hand on his father's shoulder and said, "I am not being sent to Spain, father. I am only going to Copenhagen in Denmark. I do not think the General Secretary wants me too far away. He wanted me on Wellington's staff, especially now with Napoleon and all that." "I do know that son. But I am more ready to buy you a colonelcy and have you here in England, than on Wellington's staff wherever he is at present." Their father replied. "Besides you have Rosings, and you have to learn to manage it somehow." William then spoke up and said, "I have already offered Richard to learn with me. I am still learning a great deal at Pemberley, and about the other holdings. I would be more than happy to teach Richard the finer aspects of being a gentleman of leisure." "And I have already accepted the offer, Darce, for when I get back from Copenhagen. I really want to earn my Colonelcy first before I end my career." Richard replied. "But first we have to celebrate Christmas together. Maybe I will be so lucky as to see a certain wedding take place before I leave?" He raised his eyebrows suggestively at Darce and his sister. William and Beth both blushed, a brilliant shade of red which left the Earl and Countess to laugh at them in good humor.
Chapter 23: Winter After the whole Lady Catherine meeting, the Fitzwilliam family decided to stay close to each other until they had to leave for Matlock near Christmas time, therefore continuing their holiday in Hertfordshire. Even the Earl and Countess extended their visit and stayed at Netherfield, with the invitation of Charles Bingley. Beth woke up a morning, in early October next to Jane, and slowly and carefully climbed out of bed. She went to the window which gave a beautiful view over the surrounding neighbourhood, with its rolling hills and harvested fields, and the leaveswhich were turning yellow, golden and red with the changing season. It all looked a little mysterious with the fog surrounding the harvested fields in the early dawn light, which just let her see two riders race across the fields. "Rich? Will?" she said quietly to the window, and held a hand up to her heart, the hand with the engagement ring on it. Quietly she tip-toed over to the wardrobe and got dressed. The stays were in cotton, and were incredibly soft so it did not hurt her further. The gown was a warm brown colour. She grabbed her gloves, spencer coat and bonnet, before she left the bedroom. When she saw Mr. Bennet in hisfavourite chair in the study reading, she said with a smile, "Morning, sir." "Morning Lady Elizabeth, or did we not agree on Bennet and Elizabeth?" Mr Bennet said, with a dry smile on his face. "Yes, we did indeed, Bennet. I am going out for my morning walk; I will be back for breakfast." Beth replied with a smile. "The usual route, Elizabeth?" Mr Bennet asked, ensuring where she would be, if anything were to happen to her, or her parents inquired of her. "I believe so. I plan to go as far as Oakham Mount as usual before coming back to break my fast." She replied with a straight face and being careful not to show her overly excited grin at the prospect of whom she might be meeting there. "Good, off you go then." Mr Bennet said. He knew very well that she was meeting her fiancée on Oakham Mount each morning. They were not really good at keeping their rendezvous' a secret. Even the Earl and Countess knew by now, that they were meeting each morning for a morning walk. Elizabeth brought an apple to munch on, on the way and one for William's horse as the horse in question was very fond of apples. As she made her way towards Oakham Mount, she wondered at when she and William would marry. Personally she would like a summer wedding, but then Richard would not be able to attend, and she knew that William wanted him to stand up with him at their wedding. Maybe a Christmas wedding then? Was that even possible? That was two months away! Finally she made her way up the last stretch to the top of Oakham Mount. She saw the two men reclining up against the trees, looking very relaxed and talking quietly to each other. She smiled, thinking, two out of four of her favourite men where there. "Good morning, you two." She called from her position. William saw her first and his face lit up in a smile. He walked to her and said, "Good morning, love. I was beginning to think that you were delayed this morning." "I did have to take care not to wake Jane, though I doubt I did; she sleeps quite heavily. Then Mr. Bennet stopped me to make sure I was taking the normal route for my walk." William's horse Zeus walked over to her and nudged her, "Yes I have seen you, Zeus. I have not forgotten your treat." She took out the apple and gave it to the horse. Richard who still stood a little way from them, laughed and said, "Ha! Sis you have also charmed Darce's horse! This gets funnier by the day!" "Why is that, brother?" Beth asked one elegant eyebrow raised in question. "Because nobody have ever been able to groom him or ride him but Darce, since he got the devil of a horse." Richard told a teasing twinkle in his eyes. "He is a perfectly calm and disciplined horse in my opinion." Beth replied. Both men laughed at her as she petted the horse. Richard was the first one to grow serious, "Sis, father and I were talking last night…" "About what, Rich?" she questioned softly, though her brows were furrowed in worry. Richard took a breath and said, "Anne." Beth's face hardened immediately, at the pronouncement of her hated sister's name. "And?" the tone she used was cold and icy; something Richard and William had learnt it only did when speaking of her former family members. "Father was debating the idea of making Anne come here, and try to see if her attitude would change or if it has been warped irrevocably by Lady Catherine." Richard explained, being careful not to call Lady Catherine her mother. "Absolutely NOT! You can tell father that my answer is no. I have no intention of seeing her again, ever; if I have anything to say about it, Rich!" Elizabeth answered, as her voice rose in volume and her brown eyes flashed with strong feelings. William put a calming hand on her arm, as Richard said, "Lizzie be reasonable, she could have changed since you were children." "Reasonable?! She made my childhood a living hell, Richard! She is not capable of change, of that I can assure you!" Beth still spoke in the icy tone she had used a moment earlier, though now her anger was on full display. William calmed Beth down with soothing words, and assurances that nothing bad would happen, where Anne to visit. Richard looked on sheepishly from the sides lines, as his best friend and sister stood in an intimate embrace. After a while, they made their way back to Longbourn, where Richard and William joined the Bennet's in breaking their fast. John Bennet, older than Jane with six years, talked with William about estate business; of how he started out with his estate, and how he dealt with it. Though William earnestly engaged in the conversation with John Bennet, his glance continuously wandered to Elizabeth, to make sure she was all right, then to Richard and back to John.
Chapter 24: Anne's visit Two weeks had passed since the visit of Anne had been discussed, and it had only been a week since the invitation had gone out. Elizabeth had been against the idea from the start, even went as far as telling her older brother that she had no intention of setting eyes on her hated sister again. Her father had put his foot down, and firmly announced that he would invite Anne, whether she liked it or not for Christmas, it was the least they could do for the girl. Elizabeth enjoyed her time with the Bennet's, though wassecretly very pleased at having William and Georgiana close, alongside her parents at Netherfield. Mr. and Mrs. Hurst had showed themselves to be kind people, and good hosts when Mr. Bingley visited Jane at Longbourn as their courtship progressed. The middle of November had showered Hertfordshire in rain, which left Elizabeth irritated and impatient since she could not walk out as she used to. William and Georgiana visited of course every day, but the whole house was filled by guests or the Bennet family, it left nowhere to go for peace and a quiet conversation. William and Elizabeth had even discussed their wedding, even if they were quite aware that they had a year and a half to wait before they could be wed. William talked of Pemberley, and that she had to visit during the Christmas season, since it would look beautiful and it provided the situation for a ride on a sleigh over the grounds. Elizabeth was looking forward to returning to her home in Matlock, there was only one chip in her happiness and that was the pending visit of Anne. Mister John Bennet had taken a liking to Lady Elizabeth; she was witty and clever and could easily beat him in a debate. He looked on her like another sister, he taught her things when she inquired, teased her a little of her affections for her fiancé and praised her for her interactions with his sistersand creative works. One afternoon, the rain had finally ceased and William and Elizabeth weretaking a short walk alongside Mr. Bingley and Jane when Elizabeth expressed, "I am looking forward to return to Matlock, though I dread this visit." "I am also looking forward to our return to Derbyshire. I am especially looking forward to your visit at Pemberley, so I can finally present you as my fiancé." He said with a smile, which made her weak in the knees, and forgot the whole subject of her sister's visit. "I am looking forward to seeing Pemberley again; it has been a long time. This time I might even explore it a little." William chuckled, and said, "I would be pleased to explore with you. I am sure you will love the gardens, especially." She smiled as she tried to remember what little of the gardens, she had seen, with what she imagined them to be. William knew that she dreaded the visit of her sister, though he was not worried yet, Elizabeth was to visit Pemberley and he would show her everything which would be their home. "What are you thinking, Beth?" "I am thinking… of how happy I am to be honest, Will." She replied with a smile. The first week of December saw the removal of the Fitzwilliam's from Hertfordshire, Jane was of course staying to celebrate Christmas with her family before joining Elizabeth in Matlock for New Year's Eve and the Twelfth Night Ball. Three days later; Matlock Lake House The carriages arrived to Matlock Lake House, late during the afternoon the third day, after they had left Hertfordshire. "We are here." Elizabeth said as they stopped in front of her home. She had shared the carriage with William and Georgiana while her parents and Richard were in the other one. William smiled and said, "Yes, we are indeed. I definitely need to stretch my legs after this last part of the drive." Georgiana smiled and said, "I am so happy that we are to celebrate Christmas with Uncle and Aunt and you, Elizabeth." "I too amlooking forward to celebrate with you, Georgie and your brother, of course." She side-glanced at William, and saw him smile charmingly at her and his sister. They stepped out of carriage, and were ushered into the foyer and from there to the parlor and finally their rooms. The family met up for dinner, and the next morning William and Georgiana continued on to Pemberley, alongside Richard. Anne was to arrive the following week, meanwhile Elizabeth and her parents alongside Max and Marina enjoyed each other's company. Elizabeth was to visit Pemberley alongside her parents for a few days, before Anne's arrival. That evening when Marina and their parents had retired, Max and Elizabeth were alone in the family parlor. "Now, Sis, I am guessing that you wanted a word with me in private?" Max asked. "Yes, I did, Max. First, it is wonderful to see you. Second, I am very anxious about the pending visit of Anne's. I have tried to persuade father to not invite her, as I really do not want to see her again." Elizabeth explained. "I imagined as much, Lizzie. Unfortunately there is nothing to do about it now, she is coming and you better prepare yourself for it." Max replied calmly as he looked at his younger sister. He hated that she had to face her past yet again in form of the sister who had tormented her. "I do know that, Max. Though it still makes me angry to know that I have to share my home with her again, even for a short period – what makes it worse, is that we are to host William and Georgiana for Christmas and you know precisely what Anne's thoughts are about William. In that I wish that I was already married to William," she blushed at the statement. "So we could return to Pemberley and peace away from all the drama of Anne's visit." Max looked at his sister, he could easily understand her sentiments about Anne, William and her reservations about it, and she did it with opinions which were very decided for one so young. "I understand your sentiments, Lizzie. I do know that you worry about William, and your affections between William and yourself. Trust him, he loves you, Elizabeth. He will not let Anne bully him or you in any way, shape or form. You are bindingly betrothed to William, and he does take his responsibility very seriously." She listened and knew what her brother told her was the truth as she herself knew that William loved her and had clearly showed his affections for her while they had been in Hertfordshire. "I know, Max. But I am … I am so scared of losing him!" It took quite a lot of restraint for her not to let her anxiousness show in tears. Max embraced her, and said, "I know dear sister but you are not going to lose him. He loves you, and you love him, correct?" He felt her nod, and continued, "Well then you will not lose him, because if you love each other, you can overcome this visit and come out of it stronger, Lizzie. We will all be here for you, and for William. He is not only my cousin, but he is also going to become my brother and family stick together through thick and thin." Elizabeth felt better after her talk with her brother, "Thank you, Max." "Your welcome, Lizzie." He replied as they together made their way up to their chambers for the night. A week later The Fitzwilliam family was ready to receive Anne at Matlock Lake House, as her carriage drove up to the doors. Maxwell put a hand on Elizabeth's shoulder to give her support. Anne stepped out of her carriage, and her eyes met Elizabeth's indifferent brown eyes. She greeted her uncle and aunt and cousin and then her sister, "Elizabeth." "Anne." Brown met grey eyes and they stared each other down. Elizabeth did not flinch and retreat; this was her home and her family. Elizabeth only kept her indifference façade up because she thought of her lovely visit at Pemberley, and how happy she had felt there with William and Georgie. Elizabeth slowly went with her mother and Marina into the parlor and sat quietly with her embroidery hoop though she was seething inside; she managed to keep her temper well controlled. "How long is Miss Anne to stay?" Marina asked. She knew her husband was worried for Elizabeth and her reaction. Elizabeth murmured, "Too long." Lady Matlock said, "She is to stay until a week after the Twelfth Night Ball." She looked firmly at Elizabeth, which was more than enough of a rebuke for her daughter. Shortly after they were joined by Anne, who sat with her sewing while Marina and Lady Matlock also sewed. Elizabeth rose and said tersely, "Excuse me." She left the room, and when the door was closed behind her, she pulled up her skirts and sprinted to her room. Once there, she buried her head in her pillow and screamed into it in frustration, and threw it with all her might at the door, it hit with a satisfying 'thud'. It was going to be a long December. In the course of the first week, Elizabeth tried to keep away from Anne's presence whenever possible until her mother cornered her and said, "Elizabeth, it is truly bad behavior to avoid a guest!" "She is not my guest, and I never wanted her here." "I expect you to behave as a proper lady should and entertain us all this evening on the pianoforte." "As you wish, mother." Elizabeth replied tersely. When alone, she wrote letters to Jane, Madeline and William, though most of her thoughts ended up in a leather-bound book she used as her diary. Matlock Lake House Derbyshire December, 1811 Dearest Jane, It has been a week since Anne arrived, and I can tell you, I hate it! Hate her presence, her demanding voice and even her very person. I know you will tell me to find something positive about her, but there is nothing to put a positive note on our relationship. But on a happier note, how is your courtship with Mr. Bingley progressing? Has he proposed yet? Are you visiting Netherfield or is Mr. Bingley running from Longbourn to Netherfield or the other way around? I am very sad to not celebrate Christmas with you, though I am happy that we can both attend the Twelfth Night Ball together, as I am sure I will be ready to commit murder on Anne, as she is being a pain of a guest. Father is being uncommonly kind as to allowing me to take breakfast in my room, and I even avoided tea the other day, which Mother saw as bad behavior, and it was but I am only trying to avoid the conflict which is between Anne and myself. Talking of the Twelfth Night Ball, have you figured out what your costume will be? Since William accidentally told me that his costume would be that of the Tsar of Russia, I am having a dress made to match as the Tsarina of Russia; Mama has already promised me that I will be allowed to wear some of her jewelry. How are John, Mary, Kitty and Lydia? And what of Mr and Mrs. Bennet? I do miss you all so very much and look forward to another visit maybe in the spring. Maybe this time I can host your family here in Derbyshire? I will have to ask Mother and Father about it. For now, Happy Christmas Elizabeth It was not long before Christmas when the unavoidable fight happened between Anne and Elizabeth. Elizabeth had just entered the library, where Anne apparently was lounging on a chaise long. Anne said, "You do know that you stole my rightful future from me?" "I did not steal your future, it was never yours to begin with, Anne. I was promised to William from my cradle, and besides I did not steal a thing, William is a person, and a wonderful man at that. He is kind, powerful and elegant. If you had been smart you should have gone after another man!" They were now standing face to face, inches from each other. "You were never meant to be anything but second fiddle to me. You are the baby, I was supposed to marry William and move to Pemberley, you were to stay at Rosings! You should just have been obedient and done as you were told!" "How. Dare. You!" Elizabeth hissed, "How dare you come to my home, and say those kinds of things to me? Lady Catherine beat me to an inch of my life! If I had stayed or if nobody had figured out about the beatings, I would have been dead! Even if that had happened, William would never have married you! He loves me; he dislikes you for being so horrid to me!" Their shouting had drawn attention, and soon Maxwell, Lady Matlock and Lord Matlock entered the library, and at last had to drag the two fighting girls to their chambers. "Retract those claws, sister!" Max said, as he carried her up the stairs, "She is a horrid human-being! I hate her!" Elizabeth exclaimed. When she was in her chambers, her mother came in and said, "That was a deplorable show down in the library, Elizabeth! I had expected better of you! And I had also expected more of Anne! You are both grownup women now! You are hereby confined to your rooms until tomorrow!" "Yes, Mother." She just replied. Max stayed for a few minutes, "You should have managed your anger better, sister." "I did not start that argument, she did! At least I did not hit her as I dearly wished! She truly is horrid!" Max only nodded, and left the room. He left for his and Marina's chambers, where he sat down and began a note to his cousin; it was time to let William know what was going on, before Christmas. Elizabeth and Anne in the same house was truly a bad idea, he could see that now. Anne was too much like her mother, and Elizabeth had the gentleness though still the fire from his late uncle. Marina stood behind him, and said, "Writing to William, dearest?" "Yes, he needs to know the situation before Christmas. What did Father think about when he invited Anne? Especially after everything which happened with Elizabeth and her past at Rosings?!" "I do not know the whole situation as you well know, my love, but I think your father was hoping for reconciliation between the girls. Though since the fight between them today, I doubt that is even a possibility." Marina concluded. "I have to talk with Father and Mother about shortening Anne's visit; this is not going to last until after Twelfth Night. It is too much to hope for that those two can keep peace between them, even if we confine them to their chambers." Marina nodded, she was on a mission to persuade her mother-in-law to shorten Miss Anne's visit. "All right, my love. You will talk with your father; leave your mother to me." He met her decided eyes and nodded.
Chapter 25: Christmas & Twelfth Night Ball William and Georgiana arrived five days before Christmas, both aware of the drama between the two fighting sisters. Richard was to arrive that same day from London, where he had been for a short meeting with his Colonel. William was anxious to see Elizabeth and see how badly she was clinging to her temper and her dignity, and help her survive Christmas without another fight with Anne. Georgiana and William both quickly greeted Marina, Max, their uncle and aunt before they were showed up to their normal chambers, and from there William went to Elizabeth's sitting room, knocked and waited. "Enter" He opened the door and saw her sitting in the window seat with the view over the gardens; she was dressed in a lilac colored floor length gown which suited her very well. "Hello Beth." He greeted from his position in the threshold of her door. She turned her face to him so quickly and her eyes widened in delight, as she nearly catapulted towards him. "William! Oh I am glad to see you!" She gushed, her arms around his neck, he pressed into her, wrapping her in his embrace before passionately kissing her. Her body reacted of its own accord, melding into him. Pulling him closer to her in a desperate claiming, her mouth opened to him, deepening the kiss. All her frustration from the past week evaporated like mist when William kissed her. She did not know if it was, he or she that moaned, but her body was quivering with desire and suppressed longing for William. William had to use all of his control to draw away from her, "Gosh Beth, you have no idea what your kiss does to me." "Probably the same that your kiss does to me, Will. I feel weak in the knees, and..." she blushed and could not meet his eyes. "And what, Beth?" he asked, he was curious about what she felt when he kissed her. "And... desperate for more." She whispered and did not meet his eyes. "Beth, dearest I feel that too, I just respect you too much to continue to kiss you as I know where it could lead." He felt himself colour slightly. "You feel that impossible desperation for more privacy between us?" She whispered. "Yes, my love I do. Now to change the subject, do you trust me?" "Yes, of course I do trust you, William." She replied. "And you know how deeply I love you, correct?" "Yes." "Then I am sure everything will be well, while Georgiana and I are here, correct?" "Yes," she could see what conclusions he wanted her to draw and that she should let him deal with Anne, if she became a problem while he was there. "I love you, William." He smiled and said, "And I love you so dearly, Beth. Now come on, Georgie is anxious to see you." He offered her his arm and they walked down the corridor to Georgiana's chambers. Christmas arrived; it had snowed heavily for the last week complete. Therefore the grounds of Matlock Lake House were white with a heavy blanket of snow. It made the manor house look like a perfect winter wonderland. Elizabeth dressed with her maid Melanie's help in an icy blue dress which suited her beautifully with her dark hair. Her hair was only put up half, the rest allowed to flow freely down her back. It made her an enticing picture; one she was sure would please William and leave him with the adorable face he made when he could not believe his own eyes. She quickly with the help of her maid got all the presents into the family parlor on the first floor they used on Christmas morning. What she was not prepared for was the sight of her sister's and their husbands. She flew tothem and exclaimed, "RACHEL! MARY!" The three sisters embraced each other, and tried all at once to tell what had happened. The rest of the family laughed at their heartfelt reunion. Just as they all sat down, a voice said from the back, "Have you not forgotten someone, Sis?" Elizabeth turned to face her brother, and said, "Of course not, Rich! Where have you been? You know the tradition." "I had to see if it was possible to get to church, well if we take the sleighs it will." Everybody was soon busied with presents, talk and the like. Though William was completely lost when he glanced at his fiancé, she had never looked more beautiful, and just then met her brown eyes which held a happy and slightly entertained smile. Anne was there still, but it was mostly the Earl and Countess who minded her, as their children was too occupied with each other. William handed Elizabeth a present and said, "You will find it does match." She eagerly opened the parcel to see a velvet blue box; with shaking hands she opened it to find the matching earrings and ring to the necklace he had gifted her the year previous. "Oh Will! It is beautiful!" "All for you, dearest." He simply replied with a smilethathe knew made her weak in the knees. William and Georgiana showered Elizabeth in gifts, andshe returned in kindas she too showered them in gifts, things she had found while on her tour, things she had found in London and even a few small things she had found in Meryton. Elizabeth said, "Georgie, you see that basket there?" She indicated an old fashion picnic basket, "Yes, Lizzie, I do?" "Well that is my last gift to you, dear." Georgiana squealed and ran to get it; William smiled happily at seeing his sister so happy with his fiancé. "Thank you, Beth." "I am only trying to make her happy; she is to become my sister. Besides I do hope that she will like it, and that you will let her keep it." Elizabeth replied, William was just about to ask why he would not allow his sister to keep her gift when he heard his sister exclaim, "OH! It is the most adorable puppy I have ever seen!" "Touché, Beth." He whispered, "It is just a Cocker Spaniel, so she will not grow very big, so she can reside inside the manor." Elizabeth explained quietly. Just then Georgiana joined them, and begged, "Brother, please, please let me keep her, please?!" "Of course, you shall keep her, Georgie. But she will be your responsibility." William said seriously, though with a glint in his blue eyes. While the happy couple and Georgiana were seated in a corner, Anne observed them; William had hardly spoken with her besides a customary greeting and exchange of happy Christmas and such normal exchanges of conversation. He looked different, and so did her sister, if she had to be honest with herself. They looked happy, content with each other. The day before New Year's Eve The days between Christmas and New Year's went by in a storm with parties at the neighbour's homes, sledge rides over the grounds, talks in the parlor and even a snowball fight had been fought. Soon the day before New Year's dawned and Elizabeth was up early again to wait for the arrival of Jane. They had of course exchanged quite a few letters over the past weeks, but she was anxious to see her friend again. Jane had written that she and Mr. Bingley and a maid were travelling together to Derbyshire. William had been in contact with Charles Bingley, and could confirm that he was to travel with Miss Bennet to Derbyshire. Soon after breakfast, the butler entered and said, "A carriage has been spotted, Your Lordship." Elizabeth was out of her seat before her father could say anything, in her eagerness to greet her friend and companion. Soon the carriage stopped at the front steps to the manor, and Jane and Mr. Bingley and a maid came out of the carriage. Elizabeth drew Jane into an embrace, and said, "It is wonderful to see you again! Did you have a happy Christmas with the family?" "It is wonderful to see you also, Lizzie! Yes, I did, and I am to send you their holiday greetings and they all thank you for the wonderful gifts." Jane replied, as she was practically dragged into the manor, she curtsied to the Earl and his wife, "Thank you again for having me, your lordship and your ladyship. Happy Holidays." "It is our pleasure, Miss Bennet. Happy Holidays." The Countess replied. Elizabeth dragged Jane up to her room, next to her own and said, "Now, tell, show and explain everything about your Christmas. You even travelled with Mr. Bingley all the way… my, Jane!" She smiled teasingly at her friend. Jane blushed, and then slowly removed her gloves, to reveal a stunning ring with a diamond surrounded by sapphires. "HE PROPOSED?" Elizabeth exclaimed. Jane blushed crimson and nodded, "Charles did propose to me, he proposed to me the day after Christmas. He had already secured Papa's consent. I am the happiest woman in the whole world, Elizabeth!" "Now tell, did he go down on bendedknee? Did he call you his beloved, darling Jane? Tell, Jane!" Jane did explain, and Elizabeth listened in enraptured happiness for her friend. "So, when are you to be wed?" "Papa does not want me to be wedded until I am twenty. So we both will have long engagements." Jane replied. Elizabeth's eyes suddenly grew big as tea cups, "Oh I have the most brilliant idea, Jane!" She said, "Do tell, Lizzie!" "I was thinking a joint wedding, you and I wed to best friends? We are nearly sisters in our affections for each other, and Will and Mr. Bingley are best friends and will nearly become brothers." Elizabeth explained. "That is a beautiful and a very good idea, Lizzie!" "We definitely have to talk to Mr. Bingley and William about it, right away." They did, and both men liked the idea of being wedded to their fiancés in the same ceremony. Twelfth Night (the Eve of the fifth of January 1812) The Twelfth Night finally came, and Jane and Elizabeth dressed in their fine costumes, to go to the Twelfth Night Ball at Haddon Hall, owned by friends of Elizabeth's parents. It was also the last day of her brother's Richard's leave from his post in London; he was leaving the next day. From there, he was to sail to Copenhagen, nobody knew for how long. Jane was dressed as a sixteen-century peasant lady, it made her look fine and very beautiful in a simple pink gown with her golden hair put up elegantly with ribbons and small pearls. Jane had told her that Charles Bingley was to dress similar so they would match, as he had been invited as a guest of William's. Elizabeth was dressed in a fantastic icy white gown with a train, and sewn in silk and a shimmering fabric which made it look like a lot of small diamonds all along her gown, Jane said, "Lizzie, you look wonderful! Mr. Darcy will not be able to keep his eyes off of you tonight." "Thank you, Jane! You look stunning as well." Melanie put up her hair in an elaborate up do, with several gem studded pins and a shimmering ribbon to match the dress. Then came her mother's jewels, the three layered diamond necklace, the tiara which William had had made especially for her, when they had discussed the Twelfth Night ball, weeks in advance, then the diamond earrings and her ball gloves. She looked herself in the mirror, she looked very mature. The gown showed off her body, especially that she was well endowed, which made her blush. Would William like it? Would he think her daring? Or would he get that adorable besotted look on his face? Jane said, "Ready to go, Lizzie?" "Yes, I am ready to go, Jane." She replied and gave herself a last glance in the mirror. They left the room, and walked down the stairs and where met by amazed exclamations and an adoring glance, met Elizabeth's eyes from William's amazed and adorable besotted face. She asked, "Will I do, Will?" William looked at her, she made him tongue tied with the costume she was wearing, "Do? Elizabeth, Beth… my god, you look…. Amazing!" He could not take his eyes off of her, she looked absolutely beautiful. Soon after the company of Elizabeth, William, Jane, Mr. Bingley, Anne and the Earl and Countess left Matlock Lake House to go to the ball. The Manor house of the Montgomery's was filled with guests. They were loudly announced, "The Earl and Countess of Matlock, Miss De Bourgh, Mr. Darcy and Lady Elizabeth, Mr. Charles Bingley and Miss Jane Bennet." They walked into the crush of people; Elizabeth clung to William's forearm, a little worried of being separated from him, or her party in general. Jane walked close to her, and said, "I never thought I would attend anything on this scale." "You might as well get used to it, Jane. When you marry Mr. Bingley, this will become more of a habit to you, well maybe on a lesser scale, but all the same." Elizabeth replied. They walked near the edge of the dance floor, waiting for the first dance, as Elizabeth has promised William. The music started soon after, and William twirled her out on the floor to dance. "You have never looked more beautiful, my love." He said with a smile just for her. "You look very regal, Will." He was dressed in silver breeches, crisp white cravat with a silver stickpin with a small diamond, white linen shirt, silver waistcoat and to finish the ensemble he wore a black but very fine evening coat, near his breast he bore an inherited Russian Star. "Have you ever gotten the bean from the Kings cake, Will?" she questioned. "No, I have not, Beth. Though I am sure many a young lady in the neighbourhood wished for that to happen. If you and I were to find it, I would not mind it though." They shared a laugh at the notion. Now that they were engaged, they were allowed to dance three dances during the evening. Elizabeth looked over and found Jane and Mr. Bingley, they were as always absorbed with each other. "They are such a lovely couple." "Indeed they are. Though I think you and I am a better couple, Beth." He replied, confident in his statement. "Indeed we are, Will." They danced close, so close that their shoulders brushed each other and enough for him to hold her hand for a moment, and their eyes met. When the dance finished, a man near William's age approached them, and said, "Darcy!" William said and turned to the man, "Eric Montgomery, as I live and breathe, it has been long since I have seen you." "You as well, old friend. Do introduce me to this beautiful woman by your side, if you please?" The man replied with a friendly smile. "Eric Montgomery, may I introduce you to my fiancé, Lady Elizabeth Fitzwilliam, Elizabeth, this is my old friend from university, Eric Montgomery." She curtsied prettily, and said, "It is a pleasure, Mr. Montgomery." "The pleasure is mine, Lady Elizabeth." He kissed her hand, and then met William's eyes again and said, "I do congratulate you, Darcy! Congratulations to you both." Soon, a set of actors played out Shakespeare's play "Twelfth Night", and it was humorous. "To think that people actually do this every year! It must be terrible to arrange for all of this." Elizabeth whispered to William, while they sat next to each other during the play. "Actually, all the homes in the area host the ball; we take turns hosting the Twelfth Night Ball, though Pemberley have been exemptfrom the rule since Father's passing." William explained quietly. "So we are going to host it once we are married?" "If you wish to, Beth." "I would like to try to host it, though not right away." She explained. "We will once you are ready to do it, dearest." They ceased talking and enjoyed the play, before the dancing recommenced. A man bearing a black mask asked her to dance, she looked to William to see if he knew the man in question, and he nodded though his old facade was up. "Lady Elizabeth, you look gorgeous dressed like that." The man stated. "I am afraid you have the advantage, Sir. You know my name, but I do not know yours." She said, in a confident if reserved tone of voice. "Duke Damon Blackmoore." The man replied, "You know my fiancé, I take it, Your Grace?" "Yes, Darcy and I attended Cambridge together. I cannot fault, Darcy for his taste as you are quite beautiful." Elizabeth merely raised an eyebrow at the backhanded compliment, and even thenshe was not sure it was meant as a compliment or an insult on William's character. She managed to keep her mouth closed, and merely smiled politely at the man, "Maybe once you have given Darcy his heir, you will appreciate another's company." Elizabeth's fury grew at the man's words, and then said, "Your Grace, I would thank you for keeping your insinuations to yourself! I love my fiancé, and I would never do what you suggest! A gentleman you may appear, though you lack everything which makes a man a gentleman! My fiancé will always be much more of a gentleman than you ever will be. Thank you for the dance." She broke away from the man's hold, and with her back straight she went straight to William's and her parent's side while she was seething inside. Her mother asked, "Elizabeth, are you quite well?" "No, I am not, Mother. I have just been insulted, and so have William!" William listened, and said, "I am not surprised that Blackmoore would stoop to insults. What did he say to you, Elizabeth?" "Merely that I would appreciate his company once I had given you an heir! I told him where he could shove his words and left as you saw." William looked furious, and was about to walk over to the arrogant and presumptuous Duke, when Beth's voice told him, "No, William, do not do it! Please do not! We both know that you love me, and I love you! He is just out of line and a fool." "I do not suffer fools easily, Elizabeth." "I know, but for this once, do it for me. So we can enjoy the rest of the night? You still have my waltz." William and Elizabeth did end the evening with dancing the scandalous waltz together, and enjoyed the company of their family and friends.
Chapter 26: Confrontation between Siblings Days after the Twelfth Night Ball, Elizabeth searched out Anne, who still resided with her family. She found her in the library, once again. "Anne." "Elizabeth." Elizabeth sat down, not close but close enough to converse with Anne. "Anne, I have wondered about something for years and years, and I do know that you do not like me, or I you very much." "Get to the point, please." Anne replied. "I will. How come you hated me so? I never did anything to you." Anne looked at Elizabeth, how could she not know? "I did not hate you from the start, I will admit to that. But as the years passed, and Papa showered you in attention and love, he never spared me a single glance. It was like you were the heir and son he always wanted, except you were a girl. I slowly began resenting you for that, and resent Papa as well, and while Mama did shower me in praise and attention, I also wanted Papa's attention." "But…? I am sure that there must be more to that story than a resentment of favoritism. Our discord goes deeper than that." Elizabeth replied careful with her words, she wanted answers to old questions, she had thought about for years. Anne gave her a silencing glance, though it was a little more half-hearted than normal, "It does goes deeper. The final straw for me was likely the whole instant bond you had with Darcy, even if you could barely remember him back then. He too had an instant bond to you, and on top the betrothal contract was for you and Darcy, and not Darcy and I, even if I was the eldest and should be married before my younger sister. I hate you for that alone." "Anne… I, I never wanted you to hate me; it was Papa and Mr. Darcy who made the betrothal contract. I never knew of it until Papa died and I began living with Uncle and Aunt Fitzwilliam. I will not deny that William and I have a bond of mutual feelings between us, which has only deepened the last year or so." Elizabeth explained. "All I wanted was for my sister to love me, and get a little affection from my mother. Instead all I got was beatings and distain from you and our mother." Her tone had changed to hard and unflinching. Anne looked at her, Elizabeth had grown up that much was certain, and she had seen how content and happy Darcy and Elizabeth were in each other's company. It had made her question their childhood, though she hated her younger sister, she had observed how Elizabeth had changed from years ago. "Even if I do hate you, I can see that you have changed these many months, our Uncle and Aunt has been good to you." Elizabeth looked a little surprised at Anne, "They have been very good to me, and our family is wonderful." Tears filled her eyes, though they were mostly happy tears, even if she missed Richard exceedingly much. Anne said nothing in response but let Elizabeth get control of her feelings again. Just then Jane appeared in the doorway, and said, "Elizabeth, your mother wants a word with you." Elizabeth quickly rose, looked back at Anne and nodded, and left to follow Jane. Anne looked after them, and she had to admit that it was brave of Elizabeth to ask those questions, and she was surprised at herself for having answered them so controlled, though she would probably forever dislike her sister a lot, she could maybe tolerate her to a degree. After all, she knew that they would likely not be in company much. Elizabeth had even afforded her a modicum of respect, before she left by nodding at her. Maybe it was time to change, and get to know her sister. Elizabeth walked with Jane upstairs, "Did you talk with her?" Jane questioned. "Surprisingly yes, and though she will likely always hate me, and I will most likely not like her much either, I got some answers I needed. We even managed to be civilized while talking and did not fight. Though that does not change the fact, that I do not want to keep company with her much, or that I will invite her to my home in the future. But I think we both can manage to behave civilized if we have to now. We will see how she acts from now on." Elizabeth responded. "I am very proud of you, Lizzie! This is the first step to healing the old wounds you have." Jane replied. "I know, Jane. Anne's role has been taken by my sister's and you and your sisters." Same evening Elizabeth sat at her desk ready to write her favorite brother, Matlock Lake House 10th of January 1812 Derbyshire Dear Rich, You will never believe me, but I actually sat down and had a civil conversation with Anne today. I asked her why she hated me, and I got most of the answers I have needed for so many years. It all started as jealousy over the favoritism Papa (Uncle Lewis) showed me when Anne and I were children, it evolved into hatred when I was the one who was betrothed to Will, but also because Will and I had an instant bond with each other, which I am sure you know have deepened the last year or so. Anne and I will likely never like each other, but I do believe we can face each other without making a scene in the future. As Jane said, "It is the first step to healing the old wounds you have." She is right, it did put some things right so I can start healing. Though I do think I will always bear a certain amount of resentment for her standing silently on the side when she knew I was being beaten. Well, it is in the past. It has been no more than four days since you left and I miss you terribly Rich, I miss my brother. I know that William also misses you, you make him laugh and act as the young and caring man he truly is, and not the responsible and at times serious man he acts like – though I do appreciate both of those sides of him. You have a different relationship with him, than Max, Mr. Bingley and even his old school friends have with him – you are his brother, just as you are mine. How are you? Have you set sail from Britain yet? Have you arrived safely to Copenhagen? I do not know if you will receive my letter before or after you reach Copenhagen, but I just want you to know that I miss you, and I hope to hear from you before too long. Do be careful and take care of yourself, Rich! I am already looking forward to having you home once more. I am to send you everybody's love and greetings. We all miss you. Do remember to write us once in a while so we know how you get on in Copenhagen. All my love your sister Elizabeth Elizabeth closed the letter and addressed it to their London residence, to be forwarded to Richard if he had left already. Several days later, January 17th Elizabeth and Jane arrived down to breakfast, when a footman came into the room and delivered a letter to her father. "News Father? From Richard?" Elizabeth questioned. "No, but news it is indeed from our friend in the navy. Commander Wentworth." He replied with a smile. "Will you not read it out loud so we can hear what he has to say?" He looked at her, smiled at her indulgently and opened the letter and read; Malta, Valetta December 31st 1811 Dear Earl & Countess Matlock & Family Since we were last in contact, I have gotten hold of an English newspaper and seen the announcements of several weddings of your children; I do offer my congratulations on their nuptials. I also have it on good authority that your youngest, Lady Elizabeth is also to be married, or is engaged to be married. I do offer my deepest congratulations on the match; I hope she will be very happy. My own course is clear for now, my ship is getting ready for a longer trip to Asia, so this will likely be the last letter I can get to Britain. The crew and I will at least be away from all the trouble that is brewing continuously in Europe. I hope that your family will take care of each other, until I maybe can be lucky enough to see you again, someday. Respectfully Commander Frederick Wentworth
Chapter 27: 2 years later 1814 E: 18 F: 26 The last two years had flown by in a flurry of activities, Rachel had given birth to twins a year and a half after her marriage, they were named Derek and Annabelle, while Mary-Rose and her husband was blissfully happy, she had just before Elizabeth's eighteenth birthday announced her first pregnancy. Max and Marina had become parents early in 1812 to their first son, they named him, Nathaniel. Though the situation around Europe was not peaceful as rumors about war and unrest was making people worried and the European countries called in men with experience and capabilities to lead men and fight if war was imminent. That left the Fitzwilliam family worried about Richard. Elizabeth was celebrating her eighteenth birthday just a few short weeks after the announcement that she was to become an aunt again this time to Mary-Rose's child, and she could not be happier. The last two years had also seen a change between herself and Anne, they had managed to correspond somewhat civilly after their meeting two years previously, and now they corresponded freely, as Anne had moved to the De Bourgh house in London, and had begun to change herself, thereby slowly earning her younger sister's respect. On her birthday, her father, the Earl of Matlock had bade her and William come to his study, "Elizabeth, you are now eighteen and as promised, I give my blessing for your marriage to William." Elizabeth smiled brightly, and met William's blue delighted eyes as he said, "Do say you will not make me wait too much longer, Beth?" "I do not see why we should wait further than to the start of the autumn season. We could get married at the Pemberley Chapel, with my family, Georgiana, Richard if he is in London, Mr Bingley and the Bennets." Elizabeth replied. Her answer suited him just fine; he had always hoped to be married from Pemberley Chapel like his father before him. "That is perfectly fine with me, Beth, as long as it makes you happy." "It will make me very happy to become your wife at long last, Will." she replied with a heart-melting smile. The Earl of Matlock smiled and said, "Then why not pick a date, I have a calendar here." He gave them the calendar, and quickly they settled on the fifteenth of September for their wedding. Then they returned to the sitting room which were full of guests, both family and friends. Elizabeth gathered Georgiana, Mary-Rose, Rachel, Jane, Mary, Kitty and Lydia around to let them know that her wedding date had been picked and settled on. Jane whispered, "Charles and I would very much like to share your day if you would not mind it, Lizzie?" "Of course not. Though I think our men have already agreed on it as well." they looked over to see Charles Bingley and William shake hands and share a smile. That evening the Fitzwilliam family held a ball to celebrate Elizabeth's eighteenth birthday, as she stood in the receiving line next to her mother and William, she was looking for her brother, Richard. "Where is he?" "He will be here, Beth. He did promise you, he would if at all possible." she merely nodded, Richard had promised her. Just as the first dance was about to start, Mary-Rose came over and said, "Look sister, who is at the door." She turned and looked and saw Richard in full dress uniform, now a Colonel, and it did take everything in her not to run into his arms and embrace him warmly. Instead with a bright smile she made her way across the floor to him in quick strides, quickly followed by William. When she was only two or three steps from him, she lunged herself at him and exclaimed, "RICH!" Richard had seen her approach and had waited for the assault and said fondly, "Hello, sis. You look beautiful! You have not changed a bit these last two years; only grown more beautiful." "Neither have you, dear brother. When did you arrive in London? How long are you staying?" Just then William joined them, "Richard, good seeing you!" "And you, William! So when are you going to marry my sister?" William looked very satisfied when he replied, "The fifteenth of September. You will be my best man, will you not?" Richard laughed gaily and said, "Of course I will, old boy. Congratulations Will, and you, dear sister." He embraced her again and shook hands with William before he said, "Elizabeth, will you honor me with the first dance?" "Yes of course, Rich!" she replied, William just smiled as he waived them out on the dance floor. During the dance, Richard said, "Are you happy that you are finally to be married to Will?" "Could not be more delighted! Especially now that I know that you are to be his best man and will be here for my wedding!" She replied with a smile. He met her shinning eyes with a smile of his own. He was so happy to see Elizabeth so happy, engaged and so lovely in the glow of her love. He thought about another beauty, the woman he had met in Copenhagen: Cecilia De Martinez. Her family originated from Spain, and she had inherited the looks from her grandmother, brown eyes and black hair, the warmest smile and the most wonderful sense of humor. They had met at a dinner when the highest Commander, Wellington had been over to see what was going on. They had formed an almost instant friendship, and within two days he had called upon her. It had already been three months since he had seen her the last time, even though they were writing each other, since they had an understanding. He did not know how his family would react to Cecilia, even if she had money. Her family was coming to London, and there he would call on her again. Later that evening, Richard managed to get William and Elizabeth alone; he wanted to tell them about Cecilia before the rest of the family. Just before supper, he told them, "William, Elizabeth…I, I have met a lovely woman in Copenhagen." William smiled; he could not wait to tease his cousin and soon brother-in-law and said, "Well do tell, Rich." "Her name is Cecilia De Martinez; she has Spanish roots on her father's side. Her family is wealthy, well connected too. Cecilia has the most wonderful sense of humor, she is kind and she has the warmest smile, you can imagine." Richard replied. "So when are we going to meet her, brother?" Elizabeth questioned. "Soon, I hope. Her family have been in Spain for her cousin's wedding and they are coming to England fairly soon. Sis, we have an understanding, so we are writing each other." Elizabeth just smiled and said, "I know, Rich. You are after all a gentleman even if you are a soldier." "Did she fall in love with you or your uniform, Rich?" William asked with a teasing smile. "Why you…" Richard growled, and was ready to launch at William, who just laughed his head off. "Peace you two! We are in public still!" Elizabeth warned quietly but with a teasing grin visible on her face. Richard and William just looked at her, and Richard said, "You will make an excellent wife, Sis, and an even better mother someday." That comment made Elizabeth blush a magnificent shade of red. The evening ended with a waltz, which William and Elizabeth danced with each other.
Chapter 28: The Wedding The morning of the fifteenth of September dawned bright and clear, the sun was rising and it looked to be another beautiful day. Elizabeth lay in her bed, just thinking about the day to come, it was her wedding day – she was going to become Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy, become Will's wife. She and the female members of the family, and friends had travelled to Pemberley early the day before, as the distance to Pemberley was quite a stretch. She was in one of the many guests rooms at Pemberley, all the males of the family had been staying in the dowager cottage since the night before. All her things had been moved into the Mistress suite on the floor above her, including her stack of letters from Will, and her other small knick-knacks and familiar things, which had dominated her room at Matlock Lake House. The night before had been quite a party; or well a very lively dinner with her whole family and the closest friends of the family, which had lasted until the early hours of the morning. Jane, Mary, Catherine, Lydia, Mary-Rose, Rachel, Anne and Elizabeth had gathered up stairs after dinner and the celebration to indulge in gossip and good natured teasing of the bride, or brides to be. Anne and Elizabeth had exchanged a few words in private, "You look lovely in that cream dress, Elizabeth. Actually I do not think I have ever seen you look this beautiful." "Thank you, Anne. You look very well; blue does compliment you very well. Not that I should be surprised since we shared the darker colouring from Papa." "You know, I never wanted to stay at Rosings, not in the long run. I intend to speak with the lawyers and Uncle, and hand Rosings over to Richard next year. He should not be sent back to France, especially now with all those rumours going around." Elizabeth smiled gratefully at her biologically elder sister, and said, "That sounds like a truly kind and good idea. You are sure you do not want Rosings?" "No, what do I know of estate management? Besides I like London, and it will let me see Aunt and Uncle Fitzwilliam once in a while and you when you are in town." The two sisters smiled, before Elizabeth said, "Well shall we join them?" "Yes, we should. After you," Anne said, and held the door. "No, no I insist you first." Elizabeth had seen the teasing shine in her sister's eyes. "Together?" Anne asked, she was well aware that Elizabeth was in a truly teasing mood, and rightly so as Elizabeth darted out a second before her. "I will get you for that, Elizabeth!" she laughingly called after her sister. After a small breakfast, a bath and as she was about to be dressed in her lovely white wedding gown when her room was invaded by her sisters, the Bennet girls, Mrs. Bennet, her mother, Mrs. Gardiner and Jane followed by her maid who was carrying her wedding dress. Her mother said, "We thought we should prepare the brides together, so here we are." Elizabeth merely smiled happily at the people who meant the world to her, "I am so glad that we are all together for this day. Mama, did Richard leave last night or did he manage to get some sleep before he left for dowager cottage?" "He left last night with William, Maxwell, Daniel, Jonathan and Charles for the dowager cottage, it seem like your brother wanted to celebrate with your brother, brothers-in-law, Charles and William." The Countess replied. Jane and she were helped into their wedding dresses. Elizabeth's was a dream of a dress; floor length obviously, it had small puffed sleeves and the high empire waist which was in fashion. The bodice was decorated with embroidery and small crystals which made the dress sparkle and spread on the skirt were several small clusters of embroidered flowers and to finish off the dress, it had a small train. The Countess then brought forth a large blue box and said, "This is the Fitzwilliam tiara, and it is always worn by Brides, and now it is your turn." Elizabeth was speechless and just lowered her head towards her mother so she could place the tiara on her hair. The Countess put it on her daughter's head, and said, "Now you are ready to begin your new life as a wife. There is just one more thing, your father gave me a letter to give to you, and it is from your Papa." Elizabeth took the letter and opened it, Rosings Park, 1803 My dearest daughter, Today is your wedding day! What a wonderful day for you and your intended! I am sure you are exceedingly happy; my brother Patrick would not let you marry without love. I am sure it will be a wonderfully beautiful day! Since you are a Fitzwilliam by all intents and purposes; you are likely already wearing the Fitzwilliam tiara for your wedding and a very beautiful dress, to make your intended speechless and breathless when he sees you in the church today. Will you marry from Matlock Lake House Chapel or maybe even Pemberley Chapel? Today I am a very proud father! I will watch your wedding from where ever I am, - I have only one regret; that I will not walk you down the aisle and give you away to a worthy man, my personal guess; young William Darcy. I wonder if you will have a lengthy wedding trip or if you and your husband will have your honeymoon at Pemberley? Whatever will happen will happen; and I am sure you will be happy and in love with your partner of your future life. Your loving father Lewis De Bourgh Elizabeth smiled at her family, and discreetly wiped off a tear from her eye. "It was a letter from Papa, he wished me happy on my wedding day." Soon after the ladies walked down waiting for the two brides, Jane and Elizabeth were left alone. "Are you ready to get married to Mr. Bingley, Jane?" Jane smiled angelically, "Yes, I am indeed. Lizzie, are you ready?" "I have been more than ready for a long time." She replied. Jane was dressed in a lovely white gown with flowers in her hair and a lovely veil covering her corn-golden hair. The dress had blue trimmings, and showed off her lovely blue eyes, her golden hair, her fine figure and brilliant smile. Elizabeth then said, "Well shall we go to our grooms?" "Yes, indeed dear Lizzie." Jane replied and giggled lightly. They walked down and joined several ladies, and soon after they were all on their way to Pemberley chapel. At Pemberley Dowager Cottage – William and Charles Bingley were both trying to control their nerves, though Charles was trying to ruin his hat. Richard was sitting in a chair, and was laughing at the two men. William turned to Charles and said, "Your hat." Charles looked at him like he had two heads. "You are ruining your hat, now hand it over." William said. Charles did hand over the hat, and William handed the hat to Richard and took up pacing from one end of the room to the other. Waiting for the carriages from the manor, they should arrive within an hour so he could finally be united with Beth in marriage. "William, will you sit down instead of ruining your rug." Richard said firmly, and put his arm around his cousin and forced him into a chair and thereafter forced Mr. Bingley into a chair next to his cousin. They were amusing, but with those nerves, William would flee and Bingley would ruin his wedding outfit if they were not stopped. An hour later, a footman entered the room, and said, "Carriages with the Fitzwilliam crest has been spotted coming from the manor towards the chapel." Richard said, "Good, thank you, Walters. Give the signal to prepare the two open carriages to take these two to the chapel." "Yes, Colonel Fitzwilliam." Soon after the whole wedding party was assembled at the chapel, William and Mr. Bingley were waiting at the altar for their brides to appear. In the attaché room, just off the church proper, Lord Matlock and Mr. Bennet were waiting with their two daughters. "Are you ready for this step, Elizabeth?" "Yes, Father, I am. William and I have been in love for so long it seems…and now I'm to become his wife, it seems so surreal." Elizabeth replied with a smile towards her father. Jane and Elizabeth had together decided on bridesmaids; Anne, Mary, Kitty and Lydia – their sisters, to show their siblings just how much they cared, and how honoured they were by their side on this important day. Anne came over and lightly touched her sister's shoulder and said, "They are ready for us, Elizabeth." "Well, let us not keep them waiting. Lead the way, Anne." Anne nudged the rest of the girls, and began the walk into the church. Elizabeth turned to Jane and asked, "Any last words before we do this?" "None, besides congratulations! We both made it to this day!" Jane replied happily, with a smile which lit her face with happiness even more than usual. Elizabeth laughed gaily and embraced Jane and then the two girls walked with their fathers into the church. William turned to look as Beth walked towards him, he almost began to walk towards her, but a hand on his shoulder stopped him, and he looked to see Richard there, who simply rolled his eyes. Finally Lord Matlock handed Elizabeth over to William with the words, "Take care of her, William." William nodded. The ceremony started, "Dearly beloved, we have come together in the presence of God to witness and bless the joining together of this man and this woman and this man and this woman in Holy Matrimony. The bond and covenant of marriage was established by God in creation, and our Lord Jesus Christ adorned this manner of life by his presence and first miracle at a wedding in Cana of Galilee. It signifies to us the mystery of the union between Christ and his Church, and Holy Scripture commends it to be honoured among all people. The union of husband and wife in heart, body, and mind is intended by God for their mutual joy; for the help and comfort given one another in prosperity and adversity and, when it is God's will, for the procreation of children and their nurture in the knowledge and love of the Lord. Therefore marriage is not to be entered into unadvisedly or lightly, but reverently, deliberately, and in accordance with the purposes for which it was instituted by God. Into this holy union Bride and Groom now come to be joined. I require and charge you both, here in the presence of God that if both of you know any reason why you may not be united in marriage lawfully, and in accordance with God's Word, you do now confess it or forever hold your peace." The chapel was so quiet that you could hear a pin drop, William met Beth's stunning eyes and they shared a delighted smile. Soon after William placed the golden ring on her finger, which made it official that she was finally Mrs. Darcy legally and affectionately. They may have shared their wedding with Charles Bingley and Jane, but at that moment, all they saw was each other. Both couples went up to the registry, where William stole the first kiss between him and his wife before she even signed her new name. Elizabeth blushed when their kiss ended, and smiled at her husband... husband, he was her husband now! What an extraordinary thought! Elizabeth finally signed the registry; Elizabeth Darcy nee Fitzwilliam. The whole wedding party returned to Pemberley where a feast waited for them, the brides circulated a bit, but mostly stayed by their new husband's side. Jane and Elizabeth spoke as they stood close, "So where are you and Mr. Bingley off to, your wedding tour I mean?" Elizabeth asked. "We are going to Bath, Charles has rented a house on the Royal Crescent for a week before we travel to the coast to Lyme Regis." "Oh that sounds wonderful, Jane! I am sure you will enjoy it!" "What of you and Mr. Darcy?" Jane questioned. "We are to remain here, we both wished it. Just the two of us, Georgiana is going with my parents back to Matlock and will return home in two weeks, so Will and I can have some time for ourselves." Elizabeth blushed at her statement but smiled. "That sounds wonderful, Lizzie! I am sure you will now have your happily ever after, just as you deserve." Jane said and squeezed her friend's hand. "And you and Mr. Bingley will be the sweetest and kindest couple, so kind that you will be cheated by your servants and exceed your income," laughter was clear to see in both their eyes as they knew that Mr. Bennet had expressed much the same viewpoint the evening before. Mr. Bingley and William also talked, "So you got your girl, Darcy." William could not help but smile, "Yes, but so did you, Bingley. Congratulations!" "You too, old friend. So you and your lovely wife will be staying here at Pemberley?" "Yes, Beth and I are staying here. We both just want to have our peace and get some time together. What of you and Mrs. Bingley?" "We are off to Bath and then Lyme Regis next week." "Sounds amazing, my old friend. I know you will be very happy, safe travels, my friend." Richard came over to Jane and Elizabeth, and said, "Mrs. Bingley, my congratulations on your nuptials!" "Thank you, Colonel Fitzwilliam, you are very kind!" Richard smiled, and said to his sister, "Well, Sis, you are now married to Will, happy?" "I could not even describe my happiness, Rich!" Richard smiled and embraced his sister. "I could not have been happier for you, Sis – though I am happy that I got William as my brother-in-law." Elizabeth fondly rolled her eyes at her brother. Her husband and Rich had always acted more like brothers than cousins, as long as she could remember. The whole day went with talking, dancing and congratulations from friends and family. But finally William and Elizabeth could wave off the last of the guests, including their family and Georgiana who went back to Matlock. "What a day..." Elizabeth said with smile playing over her lips. "Indeed, what a day it has been, the best day of my life, I believe." Will replied and put his arm around his wife as they went upstairs. "I believe the best day was... no, you are right, today is the best day in my life." Beth said as they walked upstairs. "I love you, Beth." "And I love you, so much, Will." That evening, Will did keep his promise he had made to her long ago at Netherfield Park, that they would fall asleep in each other's arms every night. Elizabeth had been saved by love; not only romantic love, but the love of her family, the love of friends and of course, by the love from the man she called her husband. Not the end, but the beginning of their happy life together…
Chapter 29; Epilogue Since the wedding of Fitzwilliam Darcy to Elizabeth Fitzwilliam, they had lived happily at Pemberley, with a constant flow of friends and family visiting them from every corner of England. Georgiana remained at Pemberley until she turned twenty-three where she married a Mr. Julian Holt, a Derbyshire gentleman with a decent fortune, and who loved her deeply. The Fitzwilliam family remained close to each other, and regularly visited each other at their homes. The Earl, Patrick died at the grand old age of seventy-eight at Matlock Lake House, followed three years later by his devoted wife. Maxwell and Marina also took over the Earldom of Matlock, and soon had four children in their happy marriage, they remained devoted for life. Maxwell also proved that his father had not only been a loving but also astute teacher, since Maxwell became the most successful earl of Matlock in memory. Anne who continued to change, ended up being an entirely different woman and attracted the attention of a man with both title and fortune; a Baron James of Langley Hall, Baron Northbourne. They were married in December 1815. They would have two children and a long and happy marriage. Mary-Rose and Rachel also remained happily married to their men, and produced six children between them. Many laughs were shared in the families during the years, that the sisters had married brothers. Though they remained devoted and happily married for life. Rachel and Mary-Rose only became closer as they lived within an easy distance of each other, and so raised their children side by side. Elizabeth kept her friendship with Captain Frederick Wentworth after her marriage, and when he returned shortly to England in late 1814, he met William and Elizabeth in London, and they became very good friends. Therefore it was not a surprise that in the autumn of 1816, Elizabeth and William received a letter from Frederick, wherein he announced his engagement to Miss Anne Elliot of Kellynch Hall. Frederick had described his relationship and former engagement with Anne through letters, and therefore the Darcy's were very happy to hear about the engagement. Later that year, when both parties were in London, the Darcy's were introduced to Miss Anne Elliot. The Darcy's also attended the wedding. Richard married his sweetheart Cecilia De Martinez in late 1814, after he had accepted Rosings Park from Anne and Elizabeth. They had four children, two girls; Elaine and Sarah and two boys; James and Fitzwilliam, named after William - much to William's annoyance. Richard and William remained best friends for the rest of their lives. Elizabeth remained close with the Gardiners for the rest of her life, and was named godmother to their eldest daughter. Madeline and Elizabeth visited each other as often as possible, when either holidaying in London or in Derbyshire. The Gardiners ended up moving to Derbyshire, half the year, when Mr. Gardiner had acquired his fortune – though their business continued to grow. A generation or so later, a Darcy would marry a Gardiner. And what happened to the Bennet girls, well; Jane married Charles Bingley; they ended up having five children, and a very long and perfect marriage. Mary met a mature naval officer, who was related to Anne and Elizabeth by the name of Peter De Bough-Weir. It was instantly obvious that it was love at first sight between them. It would take two years before Peter proposed to Mary, and she joined him wherever his duty took him, until they settled at a modest cottage on Pemberley land, where they raised four children, all girls. Mr. Thomas Bennet and Mrs. Frances Bennet remained at Longbourn with their son, but in the end Mr. Bennet proved to be the stronger and survived his wife with five more years. He was buried with his wife, and left their children, and adopted family to mourn their passing. John Bennet eventually inherited Longbourn, and married his childhood best friend Charlotte Lucas. They remained devoted to each other for life and raised two lovely girls. John also ended the entail on Longbourn. After being sent to a school and finishing school in London by her parents, Kitty married the curate at Pemberley, George York, when she was twenty-one years old, and they had together a happy life and three children, two boys and a girl. Their youngest son continued in his father's footsteps as curate to John Darcy, who would inherit Pemberley. Lastly Lydia, after finishing her education the same as Kitty, and having stamped a lot of silly notions about marrying an officer out of her head, she spent her time with her eldest sister, and at Pemberley with Elizabeth, until at twenty-four she met a man in London at the Gardiner's home, called; Daniel Caldwell, he was a Doctor in London. They married and had two children. And lastly what happened to Elizabeth and William, you may ask? Well they lived happily ever after just as they had planned to. They remained devoted to each other for the rest of their lives and raised seven children, four girls and three boys; Christin, Anne-Cati (Anne-Catherina), Rose, Evelyn, John, Nicholas and Frederick. The children grew up to be decent and upstanding gentlemen and ladies, their youngest son even ended up marrying Sophia Bennet of Longbourn. William and Elizabeth were married for seventy years before they died in each other's arms. Oh, I forgot to mention…what happened to Lady Catherine De Bough, you may wonder. Well, she remained at Rosings, though was put in the dowager cottage, when Richard and Cecilia moved in, during the winter of 1814, she was incensed and saw everything which had happened as Elizabeth's fault – she lived in the dowager for five years, when she suddenly had a heart attack and died. Though not missed, the idea of the mother they might had had made both Anne and Elizabeth sad, they visited Rosings for the funeral. The End. I borrowed Linda Well's Peter De Bough from her Memory Series; I do not own anything which is recognizable. I hope you all enjoyed my revised version of Saved by Love, well leave a comment if you have constructive feedback. Thank you all for your very fine support, follows and comments and likes! They mean the world to me! Yours truly ElizabethAnneSoph
