Modern AU fic with beaches, bitching and bogans. If you've never come across a bogan, either find yourself an Aussie to explain them to you or look it up on Urban dictionary. This fic is my first foray into this fandom, though I've been a Lizzie and Darcy fan since I first read P and P in high school. The plot has been brewing for a long time. I'm in two minds as to whether I bring Darcy's perspective into the story, so if you kindly feel like reviewing , I'd love to know your opinion on this. It is M rated, as everything I write tends to be, so consider yourself forewarned. It was commonly acknowledged that the Margaret river pro tour event coincided with an increase of scantily-clad young, and sometimes not so young, girls cavorting on the the southern beaches of Western Australia. The knowledge that Chuck Bingley was competing increased this number thrice fold. The Bennet family was in no way immune to this phenomena, the younger members of the household anyway. Lydia had been particularly exasperating. She paraded around in her bikini, striking provocative poses until even Kitty was ready to throttle her. Lizzie rolled her eyes at her youngest sister strutting around the kitchen, gloating over her latest acquisition. "I wouldn't call it a bargain, Lydia, there's barely 10cm of fabric in the whole thing. It's obscene and you wouldn't catch me dead in it, even if I was still 16." Lydia picked up the long sleeve of Lizzie's dress. "You may as well have been dead when you were 16, for all the fun you had. And I wouldn't be caught dead in this caftan, or whatever it is you call it. You could upholster a couch in it. " Lizzie's printed cotton dress was chosen more for it's power to conceal rather than it's ability to flatter. Not because she was ashamed of her body. Indeed, the tiny bikini on Lydia's slender teenage figure was outrageously revealing but on Lizzie's own curves it would have been x-rated. Her desire to cover up had more to do with having skin so fair that she reckoned could probably get sunburnt in the rain. "Fine, don't listen to me. If Dad see you, he'll never let you leave the house anyway." Lydia poked out her tongue. As if on cue, Frank Bennet entered the room, his genial expression changing to one of horror. "Lydia Frances Bennet, you are not leaving the house in that get up. It's indecent. Go put some clothes on." "But Dad, don't be so mean! How can it be indecent when Mum bought it for me?" "Lydia, your mother..." "Mr Bennett, what about her mother?" Priscilla Bennet trotted into the room only to witness Lydia's outraged, head tossing exit. She always 'Mr Bennett'ed her husband if she was worked up in defence of her daughters, usually Lydia. "I think Lydia looks lovely. I bought her those bathers in the hope that at least one of our girls would land a boyfriend this summer. It's not right that they're all single. All five of them, Frank!" Frank Bennett was a simple man, more at home with his livestock and tractor than dealing with female wiles, despite sharing his house with 6 of them. "Our daughters are fine as they are, Pris. And I don't think we need the kind of lads those togs are going to attract." "If only Lizzie would wear the ones I bought her, I'm sure she would get more attention. She's 23 years old, Frank, and she's never even gone out with a boy! If only she'd keep her mouth shut and show a bit of skin, like I tell her." Lizzie turned the corners of her mouth down in an attempt to stifle the laugh that threatened to burst from her mouth. She had indeed been out with boys but had yet to find one she would introduce to her mother. Not because she was worried they wouldn't like her, Lizzie hadn't cared enough for any of them to worry about that. It was more that her mother would like them too well, and then Lizzie would never be rid of him. "I like my Lizzie exactly the way she is." Frank Bennet's voice was gruff with affection and Lizzie crinkled her eyes back him. She stood up from the kitchen table and smoothed the creases from her dress. "It's a non argument, Mum, if I wore that I'd likely blind half the people in the whole region with the uncanny glare coming off my skin." Her dad laughed but Priscilla made an exaggerated huff, her voice growing more shrill. "That's bull! Nothing a fake tan wouldn't cover up, but Lizzie won't even consider it." Frank choked on his tea and set his mug down on the bench. "You know best, darl. If those togs catch our Lydia a bloke that can help with the harvest then they would have done me a good turn. As it is, I have to get back to work. Have a good time at the party, Lizzie. If you have a few to many, I can pick you up after dinner and you can get your car tomorrow." "Ta, Dad, but I don't think I'll be getting drunk tonight. I want to get back and get some more writing done on my thesis. I'm only going because I promised Jane." Priscilla snapped a tea towel at her daughter. "You should have a few drinks and meet a nice boy. Might even get lucky enough to find another reason to leave your car there overnight." "Mum, I refuse to listen to you telling me how to pick up men. I'm going, I have to meet Jane early." Lizzie followed her father to the door, calling up the stairs as she passed them. "Lydia! Kitty! If you're not ready to go in 5 minutes I'm going to leave you behind. Bye, Mum." She wandered outside into the hot autumn day toward the detached humpy that she shared with her sister, Jane. It had a self contained kitchen and they were pretty much free to come and go as they pleased, though that was no privilege their younger sisters missed out on, to use or abuse as they pleased day or night, despite their residence in the main house. Lizzie's beach-bag hung inside the door, and she checked that it held her bathers and sunscreen. A quick glance in the mirror to smooth her curly locks, a straw hat and her large sunglasses were all that were required to complete her outfit. She walked back outside to find Lydia and Kitty already squabbling to who got to sit in the front seat of Lizzie's old Holden. The beach party was being held at Grace town beach, which was only a 15 minute drive from their farm in Cowaramup. It wasn't the kind of event Lizzie would normally attend, preferring a laid back barbecue over all night full moon parties. Jane's involvement in it's planning however meant that it was a must attend. Besides that, between her sister's current round the clock work in event management and Lizzie's constant visits to Perth to see her thesis advisor, they hadn't spent much time together in weeks. Jane was all smiles when she greeted her sisters in the carpark. She gripped Lizzie in a fierce hug and then kissed the two younger girls on their respective cheeks. Her long tanned legs were bared in black fitted shorts and even her shapeless event staff shirt managed to flatter her. With her sun bleached blonde ponytail, she was the ultimate beach babe. And the complete opposite of Lizzy. So much so, that they both teased their mother that she had filled up her lonely hours on their farm in Cowaramup by entertaining the post man. Lizzie's curly dark mid length hair was more inclined to kink than fall in artlessly tousled waves. And no matter how she had tried to sunbathe in her youth her skin had burnt and peeled leaving her, if at all possible, paler than before. All that would remain from her attempts would be yet more loathsome freckles. She had long become wiser and now covered herself with 50+ sunscreen before she would even look outside to see what the weather was like. Through vigilance she had reduced the number of freckles on her face, except for the few scattered across her nose that infuriatingly refused to budge. "Lizzie, I have a pass for you to the VIP tent." Jane removed one of the lanyards from the stack she held but Kitty thrust out her hand before Lizzie could take it. "Where's mine? I know you've got more." Jane withdrew the pass from her reach. "Kitty, you should stay with Lydia. We can't have a repeat of last year." "But I'm 18 now so Lizzie can keep Lydia company, she's not drinking anyway." "But...Lizzie will need the shade if it gets to hot." Kitty's voice huffed from her lips. "That's not fair, you can't waste it on her like that!" Lydia joined the argument. "And it's not fair if Kitty gets to go in and I don't." Kitty swung around to their youngest sister, leaning into hre face to speak. "Yes it is, I'm 18 and at least I've never been arrested before." Lizzie grabbed Lydia's arm before she could physically respond. It wouldn't been a first for a simple argument between the two of them to degenerate into violence, public event or not. "It's ok, Jane. I have my hat and I feel like swimming anyway. Keep the pass." Lydia rolled her eyes. "Between you and Mary, I'm not sure who is the most lame Bennet sister. Whatever." She turned back to Jane. "Have any pro tour surfers arrived yet?" Jane shook her head. "No, I'm waiting here so Mr Lucas and I can direct them to the tents and facilities." Lydia removed her tank top, revealing the tiny bikini atop her almost non existant denim cut offs. "Good, I'll wait with you." Lizzy pulled her sun hat further over her eyes. "That's hardly appropriate, Lydia. Jane's actually at work if you hadn't noticed. Go and stand with the rest of the pro-ho's, if you want to look like a slut." Lydia snorted. "Don't be stupid, Lizzie, you know Emma and I are fighting. Besides, Jane doesn't care." Jane bit her lip but before she could disagree with her youngest sister, two large black 4wd's swung into the car park. The dark tinted windows hid the occupants but Lizzie instincts told her that Charles Bingley and his entourage had arrived. Her guess was confirmed as the tall blonde surfer emerged from the first car and smiled at the hushed crowd of bikini clad admirers. Charlie Bingley was known as the nicest guy on the circuit, his easy charm and superb surfing winning him friends and sponsors alike. Lizzie had seen pictures of him but he was even better looking in real life than he was in a Billabong surf wear advertisement. If you went for that sort of thing. The classic bleached surfer look was pretty common amongst the local male population but none of them had anything like Bingley's apparent charm. Lizzie thought he smiled too much though. The man standing next to him was far more her type, with his dark curls and brooding looks. But in stark contrast to his friend, he didn't smile at all, looking grimly instead at the assembled crowd. Lizzie nudged Jane. "I believe the main attraction has arrived. Lydia will start her mating calls any moment now." Jane nodded distractedly. "He is good looking." "Even you, my darling Jane, starstruck?" Jane tossed her head. "He just looks nice, that's all." Lizzie nodded. "That he does. It's amazing, given the sour expressions on the company around him. Must be an effort to keep up." "Lizzie! Don't be so nasty. They're probably overwhelmed by the crowd. Everyone seems to want a piece of him." "Including you, Janey." It was true though. The crowd had surged around the pro surfer and his entourage. Even Bingley's genuine smile began to grow a little fixed when Mr Lucas started tugging at his arm to get his attention. Mr Lucas, or Luko as he was more commonly known, had been surfing the local breaks for more than 5 decades. He invariably felt it was his responsibility to take the pro tour surfing contingency under his wing, whenever there was a tournament. Lydia had moved nearer to the new arrivals, thrusting out her immature chest in a manner than made Lizzie groan. Before she could slip off and leave Jane to her business, she heard Mr Lucas call her name. "Lizzie! Jane! Come here girls, I must introduce you to Chuckie, no Charlie wasn't it? These are three of the Bennet sisters. Jane helped me organise this event. She's my number one, I couldn't have done it without her." His fatuous smile beamed over all of them. Lizzie met Jane's eyes in shared amusement, knowing that her sister singlehandedly organised all the social events connected with Western Australian leg of the tour, in spite of the old surfers interference. Charles put his hand out to Jane. "Hi, I'm Charles, but my friends call me Charlie. Sorry, I didn't catch which sister you were. Jane, was it?" Jane smiled flushingly as she took his hand in hers. "Yes, I'm Jane." She swallowed and Lizzie already recognised the symptoms of a crush taking hold as she stammered over her next words. "... And this is L...Lizzie and Lydia is my youngest sister." Chuck returned the smile, his eyes barely following Jane's fluttering gesture before they strayed back to her face. He seemed to have it as bad as her. "Really pleased to meet you all. Darcy had said the southwest of WA was beautiful, but really, it's just taking my breath away. Um, the scenery I mean!" He finally let go of her hand and turned toward the rest of the people in his party. "Uh, this is Will Darcy and my sisters, Caroline and Louisa and...um, my manager, Fred Hurst, and..." His voice trailed to a halt as he looked helplessly at the remaining people beside him before turning back to smile at Jane again. "Um...I'm thirsty, do you think you might be able to show me where I could find a drink, Jane?" Jane's smile went from half watt to full brilliance in seconds, dazzling the already stunned Bingley even more, if it were possible. "Of course, Charlie, it's this way." Bingley followed in Jane's wake though the crowd leaving a wary Lizzie and a sulky Lydia standing uncomfortably before the silent group. Mr Lucas's eyebrows raised suggestively. "Perhaps, Lizzie, you could take Darcy here to find a drink and show him around a bit too, huh?" Darcy spoke before Lizzie could respond, his deep voice cold. "Thanks, but it's unnecessary, I don't want anything." He turned away from the group to survey the ocean, thrusting his hands into his pockets. Charles' sister Caroline gave them the once over and then leaned up to whisper something in Darcy's ear, causing his handsome profile to twist into a sneer. Lizzie felt her own lip curl up in a way that surely couldn't resemble anything friendly. "Mr Luko, is Charlotte here yet?" The old man waved his hands towards the marquees set up below the carpark. "She around down there somewhere. Tell her to get a wriggle on with those sample gift bags." Lizzie gave him a curt nod and turned away without acknowledging the rest of the group. She pulled her sun hat down further over her eyes, seething over the dismissive behaviour of Bingley's friends. William Darcy and his winery, Pemberley Estate, had been the subject of an article she had recently read, close in topic to some of the themes of her dissertation in viticulture. She had even planned to visit Denmark to tour his vineyards to see some of the new technology he had introduced. Now she had met him, that was a pleasure she could gladly postpone. Her thoughts subsided as she heard Charlotte call her name and Lizzie forgot her irritation in the pleasure of catching up with her oldest friend. She had been too long away in Perth, distracted by the deadlines of her university coursework and it was nice to just loosen up and enjoy herself for a while. The faint sea breeze had done little to cool the soaring temperature and Lizzie was sweltering in her long sleeves. She extracted a promise from Charlotte to meet her by the water and went to change into her bathers. She paused in the changing room to replenish her sunscreen, slathering it thickly over her skin before going back outside, blinking to let her eyes readjust to the brightness. Charlie Bingley stood not far from her poking a body lying prone on a towel with his foot. The faint sea breeze made the man's words entirely audible. "Darcy, you can lie on the beach anytime and we came out to have some fun. Get up and join me!" Lizzie couldn't hear Darcy's response, if there was one. "Darce, you're at a party. Don't be lame. The water's beautiful and so are the girls." His voice was pitched lower than Charlie's and was hard to hear over the music and the waves but Lizzie caught his last words as he finally lifted his head. "...And you've nailed the only babe here." "She's an angel, isn't she? And she surfs too, and she's working at the tournament so I'm guaranteed to see her again." Charlie looked around. "But her sisters are smoking hot as well." "The jail bait or the hippie?" "The younger girls are certainly...enthusiastic, but Lizzie seemed nice." Darcy sniggered. "Bing, you barely looked at her. Go tune your blonde and leave me to fend for myself. I don't want your seconds. I mean you saw the hat her sister wore? Eccentric isn't exactly my type." Lizzie had heard enough. Eavesdropping on the conversation had made her feel akin to leftover meat on the barbecue. Chauvinist pigs. At least Darcy was in any case. Charlie seemed to somehow deflect the attitude of his friend, otherwise she'd be warning Jane well away. Lizzie stalked past them, refusing to divert her route to the water to avoid the two men but refused to raise her head to acknowledge them. Charlotte was laying her beach towel down near the shoreline and waved her over. "Who's the guy with Bingley?" "William Darcy, the biggest wanker in the southwest. Probably the state." "Well, he was just checking you out." "I sincerely doubt that, Lottie. He basically just called me a hippie weirdo." "Well, he's mistaken. You're a hipster weirdo and he was definitely looking at your arse." "You're the hipster weirdo. What are those glasses? They're the same size as your face and clearly they don't even work." "They can clearly see he's hot." "He is that, but why does he always look like someone just farted?" Charlotte giggled into her beer and looked over the sand to where Darcy now stood with Charlie, Caroline and Jane. Bingley's sister had draped her arm over his shoulder, but Darcy looked more inclined to shrug her off than draw her closer. "He does look uptight. I mean seriously, does he carry his surfboards up his arse?" Lizzie burst into laughter. "Yes, and why is his girlfriend wearing a gold bikini? I mean she's dressed like she should be on a cruise, not for an afternoon in Gracetown!" "Anyway, who gives a shit what he thinks. Or says for that matter. Just enjoy his pretty face." "Only if he stays mute. Every time he opens his mouth he gets a little less good looking." Lizzie spread her towel in the shade underneath the beach umbrella Charlotte had nabbed. Her blue polka dot two piece was nowhere near as provocative as Lydia's bikini but it still exposed a lot of Lizzy's pale skin. Finally she dropped her sunglasses and hat to the sand and ran down to the water where Charlotte was already swimming out. The swell wasn't very big though Lizzie had to dive under a few larger waves to get out to the deeper calm water. Despite her aversion to the sun, Lizzie loved the beach and was a strong swimmer, though she rarely had the time to surf as much as she had before. Usually Charlotte and Lizzie would would while away the time on the pontoon that characterised Gracetown's beach, but the shrieking girls that now covered it made her lengthen her stroke to reach her friend who floated lazily in the deep water beyond it. Lizzie looked at the crowd on the beach as she tread water, the small figures discernible despite the distance. Jane was talking to Chuck, her smiles easy to make out. Caroline was now draped over her towel, fanning herself with a magazine. The dark haired figure next to her stood up and walked toward the water leaving the young woman to flop disconsolately back on the sand, all her assumed poise gone. Darcy walked to the water's edge and peered at the waves. He was too far away for Lizzie to see his expression clearly but the furrowed line of his brow made a dark crease across his face. Too well pleased with himself to find himself worthy of such a modest affair, Lizzie thought. She would've given anything to wipe that look off his face. What she had said to Charlotte wasn't true though. If anything he got better looking the more she saw him. As she watched he pulled his T-shirt over his head, revealing a chest bronzed by the sun and honed by hours on the ocean. Lizzie knew she was perving but it was hard to tear her eyes away. Or it was until a wave swamped her head and she went under, swallowing a lungful. Lizzie came up gasping and swam over to take hold of the pontoon to catch her breath. She would have cursed but the hair in her mouth made her choke. Darcy had walked further into the water; the bay didn't feel big enough for the both of them. She mentally willed him away but he refused to retreat, standing waist deep in the waves and staring out to the horizon instead. Of course he just happened to place himself directly in front of Charlotte and Lizzie's umbrella. She hardly felt like swimming up the beach and then walking back down in order to avoid him. But the sun was already starting to feel a little too warm against her skin and she knew it was time to find some shade. All the way to the shore Lizzie thought she could feel Darcy's disapproving eyes burning into her but she averted her head, not letting herself return his gaze. When she finally reached the sand and turned back, to ostensibly wave at Charlotte, he was looking out to sea. She must have been mistaken.
Thanks for the follows, favs and reviews! Lizzie dressed with a little more effort for the party at the Lucas property than she had for the one a week before at the beach, albeit entirely due to Jane's influence. She had been happily attired in jeans and a t-shirt when her sister dragged her back to the mirror. "You can't wear that, Lizzie." "What do you mean? I wear this all the time." "Exactly. You have to wear something more...more dressy." Lizzie surveyed Jane's flirty little skirt and strappy sandals. "I see. I'm not allowed to wear this or you'll feel overdressed." "Come on, Lizzie, please." Jane batted her long eyelashes, using what Lizzie liked to call her lost puppy face. She was always helpless against this particular weapon of her older sister's. "Ok, ok, I'll change, just stop looking at me like that, damn you. But only one thing. Your choice." She did an exaggerated twirl while Jane critically assessed the tight black jeans, striped shirt and flats she wore. "And I need to wax my legs so you better take that into consideration." Jane made a face at Lizzie's words. Her sister was always perfectly groomed, despite the fact that her fine blonde body hair was barely noticeable. "Well, there goes my first option but I'm not put off that easily." She looked speculatively at Lizzie before disappearing into her well organised half of their wardrobe to rummage for a minute. Her smile was triumphant when she emerged, a loosely woven knit top hanging like a scrap from her hands. "Pink? Jane, you know I never wear pink." "Just try it on." Lizzie groaned and shrugged off her t-shirt, ungraciously snatching the offered garment from her sister. It slipped over her head easily, the silky jersey clinging to her full chest and draping in a deep V down her back. Jane looked at her approvingly. "There. It suits you far better than it does me. I wish I had boobs like yours." "You got everything else, Janey." Lizzie had to admit that her sister's choice was more flattering than she thought it would be. The reflection in the mirror showed her that the rosy pink of the fabric matched the blush on her pale cheeks and bought out the green flecks in her hazel eyes. "Even your taste is better than mine." "I don't know about your first statement but the last one I agree with entirely. So you should wear these as well." Jane giggled while thrusting a pair of high heeled pumps toward her sister. Lizzie put her hands up in defence. "I draw the line there. If I have to stagger around the garden at the Lucas's in those, I promise you it won't be pretty." Jane considered the stilettos for a moment before dropping them onto the bed. "Charlie is picking us up in ten minutes and you haven't even put your makeup on." She peered more closely at her sister. "Not that you need it." "That's enough from you. Go finish getting ready. I'm not the one trying to make our mother proud by bringing home a catch like Bingley." "He's not a fish, Lizzie, and I haven't even kissed him." "Only from sheer lack of opportunity." Jane disappeared into the bathroom while Lizzie checked herself over in the dressing table mirror. It had surprised her that Jane hadn't found the opportunity to snog Bingley yet, even though she had seen him several times during the week before. From the late night conversations she shared with her sister, it sounded as though he was always surrounded by his entourage when she had seen him at the pro tour events and Lizzie knew that Jane was quite shyly reserved with her affections around other people. The only time they had spent alone together was for an early morning surf and the large swell that day had hardly made the water a conducive place for romance. Despite Jane's declaration that Lizzie didn't need makeup, she applied a lick of mascara and a touch of blush. She left it at that though, merely going on to braid her hair back from her face to keep it out of her eyes. When car lights pulled into the driveway, Lizzie was glad she'd kept it simple. Any interruption to her cosmetic operations usually culminated in an epic fail. "Jane, Bingley's here." Jane's worried face appeared from behind the bathroom door. "Do I look alright?" "Janey, you look lovely. It's impossible for you to look any other way, even if you were wearing a sack. Over your head." Lizzie picked up their bags and passed Jane her's. "Now out with you." The way Charlie greeted Jane, Lizzie may as well have been a shrub in the garden, not that she minded that in the least. The car was empty of any other company and she sat alone in the back seat as Bingley drove them, feeling relief that she didn't have to try and make conversation with either his sisters or his friend. The party looked to be a fairly casual affair, no matter how Mr Lucas had attempted to dress the family homestead up. The house itself was a beautiful example of the colonial style but the haphazard balloons and streamers on the wide verandah did it little justice. Drooping fairy lights twinkled erratically in the trees that lined the driveway. It looked like any of the back yard parties Lizzie had attended, despite Mr Lucas's boasting at them that it was tour season's most elite gathering. He and his wife greeted guests at the entrance but Mr Lucas abandoned his post at Bingley's arrival and escorted him and his companions to the back garden. A crowd had already gathered around the bonfire that he had built from the previous years vineyard prunings, as well as any other random thing he deemed burnable and there was a small stage set up on the other side of the garden where a band were tuning their instruments. Mr Lucas insisted on showing Bingley the features of his small holding. The young man was doing an excellent job of hiding his disinterest behind a polite smile, encouraging Mr Lucas toward greater descriptive heights. Jane, having been integral to the planning of the food for the event, slipped away to check that the hired staff were completing it to her specifications. Lizzie followed the two men briefly, feeling a compunction to try and protect Bingley from the often inappropriate Mr Lucas but on the arrival of his friend, Darcy, and his sisters, escaped on the pretext of finding Charlotte. She was by the bar, the first place Lizzie thought to look for her. Charlotte grinned as she came towards her, passing her a brimming glass of wine. "Thank god for your sister, Lizzie, the kitchen was turning into a shit fight before she arrived and started sorting it out. I got out of there as soon as I could." Lizzie's friend was very adept at assisting her father on their small vineyard but her capabilities deserted her once inside the house. But by the rate the pulled pork rolls and kimchi hotdogs disappeared from the trays that started emerging from the kitchen, Jane's catering was a triumph, despite some of the older attendants of the party flicking out the cabbage into the garden beds and demanding to know what was wrong with lettuce. Lizzy and Charlotte giggled at their palpable outrage but noted between themselves that they still hovered around the waitstaff, cutting out everyone else in their haste to get to the food. The two girls only just managed to secure themselves a plate to share, retreating to a secluded spot at the back of the garden. Charlotte wiped her mouth and chucked her used napkin onto the table. "Jane's food is sublime. She'll certainly find her way into Bingley's heart through his stomach, if no way else." Lizzie had finished her own food and was happily nursing her glass of white. "Talk sense, Lottie. Jane doesn't need to cook to keep him interested." "She's barely emerged from the kitchen. It doesn't exactly make her look like she's hanging out for his company." "Who's fault is that? You're the one who abandoned her there." "It's not like she can't leave the staff to it now that they know what they're doing." Lizzie knew Charlotte had a point but her sister was incapable of ignoring an appeal for help. But she had no doubt that Bingley was counting the minutes til she was free. "She just wants it to be perfect. You should be grateful." "Why should I care?" "It's your party. Besides, Jane hates PDA's." "Lizzie, if Jane want to lock down a man with that kind of profile, she should show she's into him and make sure every other girl around here knows he's taken. She should be all over him." "Charlotte Lucas! You sound exactly like my mother. Jane has never been 'all over' anyone." "Well, look at Emma Phillips sleazing onto him? Your sister needs to be a bit more agressive and get these other girls to piss off." "You do know who we're talking about don't you? Jane doesn't have an aggressive bone in her body. Besides, when would she ever need one when it came to the opposite sex? Boys've been chasing her since kindergarten." Despite her confident words Lizzie looked suspiciously back at where Bingley and Darcy stood in their audience of sycophants. Emma was being obviously provocative but Bingley looked more irritated than interested. As she watched, Darcy looked up towards them and Lizzie caught his eyes. She dropped her own in a rush. "Smells of desperation to me. But come on, Charlotte, get real. You'd never try those tactics with a guy. I reckon that the pro-ho's are more likely to drive Bingley straight into Jane's arms, than steal him from her." Charlotte raised her eyebrow. "Yeah, you say that, but you don't think with your dick." Lizzie snuck another look at Bingley and his friends. He was ignoring the discontent girl beside him, his attention arrested by something across the lawn. Lizzie followed his gaze and saw that Jane had finally taken off her apron and was walking toward her. She waved at Lizzie and smiled, quickening her step but Bingley reached her before she could join them. The smile she turned to him with was sweeter than the one she had just directed at Lizzie. It seemed impossible that Charlotte couldn't see that Jane's look at the surfer expressed a genuine, if slightly overwhelmed attraction and by the admiration in Bingley's return gaze, he felt it too. Lizzie turned back to Charlotte, triumphantly ready to point this out but her friend had moved away toward the stage. "The band's starting. Let's find a good spot." Whatever Mr Lucas's failings were as a decorator, he had a fairly astute interest in music. He always managed to book one of the good local or interstate bands that toured the region during the pro tour events. How he got them play at his private functions was somewhat of a mystery but Lizzie never questioned his tactics when it allowed her to enjoy a gig away from the usual rowdy watering holes that populated the townsites. She followed Charlotte to the front of the stage and danced the whole set. It had been an age since she'd let loose on a dance floor and by the end of the encore she was sweating and smiling and gasping for a drink. She clapped her hands one last time and turned to talk to Charlotte but instead of her friend, she found herself grinning up at William Darcy. His lips twitched up as her own fell and she cut her exuberant words off short. "...Sorry, I thought you were someone else." "You evidently enjoyed the band." "Yes." Lizzie lifted her chin. "What wasn't there to like?" Darcy considered the stage where the roadies were starting to pack up. "Well, the mix was pretty shit, the vocals clipped on the high notes. And two broken guitar strings is just unprofessional. But they were tight, I guess." Lizzie blinked at the faint praise he offered. She wasn't sure why she felt like she had to defend the band, the sound had been crap, though that had probably more to do with Mr Lucas's cannibalised PA system and ancient sound desk than any fault of the musicians. She sucked in her breath. "I see what your game is. By telling me that I obviously liked the gig and then pointing out all the defects, I'm supposed to feel embarrassed by my poor taste. But your plan failed, I'm not embarrassed at all." "Why should you be? They weren't bad, otherwise I wouldn't have watched them." "I suppose, coming from the man who doesn't find anything good enough, 'not bad' is glowing praise indeed." He tilted his head questioningly at her. "I don't know what makes you think that about me. You don't know me well enough to comment on my opinions." Lizzie laughed. "Oh, I take people at face value. First impressions never lie, do they? Please feel free to judge my character as well. Oh wait, you already have." "What? I'm not judging you because you liked the band." He shook his head. "I'm going to the bar, can I get you anything? You must be thirsty from dancing like that." Lizzie wanted to ask him what he meant by the 'like that' but held her tongue. She looked over his shoulder instead and to her relief spotted Charlotte. "No, thanks. Excuse me." Charlotte had bought over fresh drinks, which Lizzie gratefully quenched her thirst with but she could barely concentrate a word her friend was saying. Darcy, damn him, was still staring after her. She pulled Charlotte away from the speakers that had started blasting out the Beach Boys, cutting her off in the middle of a sentence. "Have I got something on my face?" "No, you look gorgeous. Why?" "Mr 'holier than thou' Darcy won't stop looking at me. I'm positive he's trying to intimidate me." "Where is he?" Charlotte turned around, blatantly peering through her glasses around the crowded lawn. "Right behind you. Do you have to be so obvious?" Lizzie grabbed her friends arm to draw her attention back to herself so they weren't both staring at the tall man. "I don't think those are intimidation tactics, Lizzie." Charlotte giggled back over her shoulder again. "It looks like he wants to jump your bones." "Enough, Charlotte." Lizzie bodily pulled her out of Darcy's line of sight. "Your radar, as always, is completely off." She let herself take one final glance at him, this time his attention was focussed on the simpering form of Caroline who had stepped up to his side. "Trust me, the man is probably just trying to work out what he likes the least about me. He even disapproves of the way I dance." Charlotte laughed. "Don't be so quick to write him off, Lizzie. God knows there's few enough guys around here who are interested in more than their surfboard, bong and play station." "Hmmm, give me that any day over a man who's head is so firmly shoved up his own arse he can see out his mouth." "I'm used to you hating people, Lizzie, but not usually this ferociously. What'd he say to you? Lizzie frowned and drained her wine glass. "Nothing much, there's just something about the man that makes my skin crawl. I'm going over there." She pointed to the other side of the garden at a table that held some of their mutual friends. "I'm sick of the bloody sight of him." By the time it struck midnight, the tone of the gathering had definitely lowered to something debauched and Lizzie was contemplating her options of escape. Jane had left with Bingley an hour before but before Lizzie had insisted she didn't mind staying over with Charlotte. She had half expected to anyway, though she'd really prefer to go home. The party was ripe to go for hours yet and Charlotte' room was by no means soundproof. The wine Lizzie had drunk had begun to make her sleepy and she yawned as she tried to spot her friend. It wasn't Charlotte's head she found though, rather her youngest sister's, sucking face with a unknown shaggy haired guy who was clearly more than a few years older than her. "Lydia! What the hell are you doing here?" Lydia staggered a little as Lizzie grabbed her shoulder to pull her from the fervent embrace. "Jesus, Lizzie, do you have to be such a spoilsport?" The guy tried to tug Lydia back into his arms. "Yeah, don't be such a downer, babe." "Fuck off, dickhead. Did she tell you she was only 16?" The guy smirked. "I've had younger." "Yeah? Well, if you don't fuck off, I'll tell that to my mate over there who's brother's a cop. That's statuary rape, you arsehole." He let go of Lydia and took a couple of steps back, stumbling over the border of the garden. "Listen, you crazy bitch, you can't pin that shit on me. I'm fucking out of here." Lydia leaned closer toward Lizzie's face, enveloping her in a sickening haze of bourbon. "Lizzie, now look what you've done! He was gonna take me backstage at the next heats!" "So he could pass you round like the local bike? You better watch it, Lydia, or you're going to end up in so much trouble you don't want to even know. How'd you get here anyway?" "I came with Kelly." "Do her parents know you came?" "Yep. They dropped us off." Lizzie knew the defensive look her sister gave her invariably signalled a lie. She pulled her phone out of her pocket. "Great, I'm calling them. You find Kelly." "She's already gone home. Her brother rang her parents to pick her up when he found her here." "What are they doing leaving you here? They better come and pick you up too or Dad'll rip them a new arsehole." She started searching for the number but before she could find it, Lydia snatched phone from her hands, her drunken squeal rising above the beat of the music. "Don't embarrass me like that. Lizzie!" Lizzie grabbed the phone back out of her sister's slack grip. "They don't know you're here as well, do they? What is it, you just thought you'd just pass out some bush or pick the closest random sleaze to go home with?" Lydia teetered on her high heels as she stepped back from Lizzie. "I hadn't thought that far. You're not going to dob on me to Dad are you?" "Look at yourself, you're off your face. I won't even need to tell him, he'll know the second he sees you when he comes to pick us up." "Lizzie, no! The pro tour just started and you know he won't let me out of the house again til Mum makes him change his mind. That might be ages!" "I only hope he makes you stay home for good." "Please, Lizzie, I'll do the dishes for a week, I'll do your washing. Anything! Don't tell him." "Jesus, Lydia!" Lizzie didn't want to tell her father anymore than her sister did. Lydia's behaviour would blacken his mood so he became monosyllabic for days. Then her mother would think he was being rude to her and start a brawl. A one sided brawl anyway; Frank never raised his voice unless it was to call for the dog. Priscilla would shriek enough for the both of them though. It was a pattern Lizzie had seen over and over again. She gave a deep sigh. "Ok, you can stay with Charlotte and me but you're the one who has to come up with something to tell Dad when we get home tomorrow." Lydia grinned. "That I can do. Thanks, Lizzie, you're my favourite sister after Jane. And Kitty." Lizzie shook her head in in half amazed resignation. "Look, you sit there and don't try anything. I'm going to find Charlotte and then you and I both going to bed." Lydia sat down with a mulish expression, looking ready to give her sister a retort but the sharp glance Lizzie gave her kept her silent. She was doubtful her sister would stay put in her absence but knew the threat of telling their father would keep her from straying far. The party showed no signs of Charlotte. It had been several hours since Lizzie had seen her anywhere around the garden so she went inside to check if she'd retired to her bedroom. Indeed she had. With unexpected and, for Lizzie at least, unwelcome company. Lizzie hadn't taken two steps into the room before she realised the grunting coming the bed wasn't her friend snoring. She retreated in haste hoping the rhythmic thud of the bed was enough to cover the sound of the door creaking shut behind her. Despite her promise to Lydia, it seemed that calling their father to pick them up might be the only option. She made her way back to her sister, declining a drunken invitation to join a drinking game or to dance to the Guns and Roses now cranking from the stereo. Lydia had sagged in her chair looking like she was ready to pass out and Lizzie shook her arm to get her attention. "Lyddy, I'm going to see if I can get a lift from someone, otherwise I'm going to have to call Dad." Her sister blearily lifted her head. "Uh, Lizzie." "Now what?" "I don't feel so well. I think I'm gonna chuck." "Jesus, Lydia. I've nearly had enough of this." Nonetheless, Lizzie helped her sister to her feet to direct her to a convenient garden bed but, before they had taken two steps, Lydia choked and then vomited all over Lizzie's shoes. And of course at exactly that moment, William Darcy decided to materialise, a look of distaste on his handsome features. Caroline and Augusta stood behind him, looking equally disgusted. "Are you both ok? Your sister looks pretty drunk." "No shit, Sherlock." "How old is she anyway?" "Too young for you." Darcy recoiled in horror as Lizzie struggled to get Lydia back to her chair. He had disappeared when she glanced up again, but not for long, returning with a cup of water. Lizzie wanted to tell the lot of them to fuck off but took the cup from him sullenly, using it to rinse her shoes rather than giving it to Lydia to drink. Her sister had stopped heaving so Lizzie collared her and dragged her stumbling form away from the the garden toward the car park. She was about to call her father when she realised Darcy was still with them. Bingley's sister's at least had seen enough and not followed them too. "The show's over. Why are you still here?" "Can give you both a lift home? I'm leaving anyway. Just let me get Caroline and Louisa." Lizzie lack of options almost tempted her to accept his offer but the thought of sharing Lydia's disgraceful state further with Bingley's sisters was too much. She shoved her phone back in her pocket. "No, we plan to walk." Darcy looked incredulous. "Don't be ridiculous. Cowaramup's 20km's away. And your sister clearly couldn't walk 5 metres." "It's 25km away actually, but I would walk twice as far before getting in your car." Lizzie turned her back on him and walked away, pulling Lydia behind her, before Darcy could respond. It felt so satisfying she couldn't help the swagger that entered her stride. When she reached the road she retrieved her phone to call her father but an old station wagon pulled up beside them. Denny Nichols poked his head out of the open window of the car and yelled over the blaring Anthrax on the stereo. "Going our way, ladies?" Lizzie lowered her head to look doubtfully inside the car at the occupants. "You're not drunk are you?" Denny looked around at his companions. "I can't speak for Pratty or Wickham here, but I'm sober as a judge. Mum'd have my balls if I get caught DD again." Denny lived only a couple of kilometres from the Bennet farm. Despite the fact that he was closer to her age, he was more likely to be found in Lydia and Kitty's circles. "Well then, a lift would be awesome." Lizzie opened the door to get into the back seat. "Shit, Denny, it's a rubbish tip in here. Where are we supposed to sit?" "Calm down, Bennet." Denny reached over the bench seat of the car and used his arm to sweep a pile of old iced coffee cartoons and pie wrappers off the back seat. "Shove over, George." He said to the man lolling across the length of the car. Lizzie eyed the seat cover, trying to work out if the filth that remained was tomato sauce or something worse. "Gee thanks, Denny, you sure know how to treat a girl." Her tone was more acerbic than Denny probably deserved but she was still smarting from humiliation. The man in the back seat spread a towel that had also seen better days over the seat and Lizzie smiled her thanks before gingerly climbing into the car, pulling Lydia in behind her. "It stinks like dog and bong water in here." Denny raised his eyebrows with a look of irritation. "Jeez princess, do you want a lift or not?" She glanced back toward the Lucas house. Darcy's car hadn't started yet so she had thought at first that he must have gone back to the party but he still stood there, his figure half shadowed under the white gums that protected the Lucas house. "Sorry, Den, I'm being precious. Just get us the fuck out of here." The man sharing the back seat with them smiled. "Hi, I'm George." "I'm Lizzie." He gave Lydia a questioning look. "Is she ok?" George had a very engaging face and Lizzie decided it was typical that she would meet a cute guy just when she happened to have vomit in her shoes. "She will be, though I hope she has the mother of all hangovers tomorrow morning." Lydia dropped her head on Lizzie's shoulder and started to softly snore. "Thank god you guys turned up when you did, I had no idea how we were going to get home." "Who was that you were talking to back there?" Lizzie groaned. "William Darcy, though I wouldn't call it talking, more like actively trying to avoid." The smile faded slowly from George's lips. "Darcy, eh? I had heard he was around, but I haven't yet had the dubious pleasure of running into him." Lizzie was too irritable to soften her words, even though she didn't know anything of George Wickham at all. "There's nothing dubious about it. William Darcy is a creep." The man looked at her speculatively, as if unsure how to respond to such vehemence. Lizzie thought his reticence did him credit, but felt inclined to reassure him that she would be happy to engage in a good Darcy bagging session. He shook his head though, the smile creeping back into his eyes. "Surely we've got better things to talk about than Darcy."
Sorry for the gap in posting. A short trip to the east coast of Oz (hello Bris Vegas readers, your city is awesome and northern NSW is not unlike our south coast but it's far more mountainous and spectacular over there than here. I'll still argue our beaches are better though!) and crazy busy work catch ups meant no time for writing. Re the swearing, Aussies tend to swear a lot (in the southwest anyway), but I will try and keep Lizzie's foul mouth only for times it's strictly necessary. Thanks for the feedback, follows and favs :) Lizzie was absorbed on a sunny Sunday afternoon in an article that related to her thesis chapter on organic practices in viticulture, when Jane burst into their room waving her phone before her. "Lizzie! Help me, Caroline and Augusta have invited me around for a picnic." Lizzie put down her iPad and blinked solemnly at Jane. "And so?" "It's tonight! And I don't know if I'm expected to dress up." Lizzie looked at Jane's simple skirt and blouse. "You look fine as you are." Jane rolled her eyes dramatically. "Of course you'd say that." "Jane, it's a picnic. I doubt they'll insist on black tie. Charlie won't care what you wear." "But that's just it. I don't even know if Charlie's going to be there." "Then his sisters invited you because they want to see you, not what you're wearing." Lizzie found it difficult to disguise the slight choke on her words. She had little doubt that anything a Bennet sister wore would attract some form of censure from the members of the Bingley clan, with an exception granted for Charlie. Lizzie doubted that he noticed anything but Jane's face when he was in her presence. "You could come too, Lizzie." Jane sighed as she sat down. "Even if Charlie is there, it's not like anything can happen with his sisters around." "I'd rather eat manure, sorry. You'd try your best to remember me, but will ultimately be incapable of doing anything but moon at Bingley, while I wither under the disapproving stares of his evil minders." Jane blushed. "I don't moon at Charlie! And Caro and Darcy aren't that bad." "Oh? I choose to disagree. Tell you what, I'll come if I can bring Lydia too. For company." "What? Lizzie... No." Jane creased her fair brows. "Wait. You can't mean that." Lizzie placed her hand over Jane's. "Janey, they don't want me there anymore than they want Lydia. Besides, my next chapter draft is late and I've barely got any words down and on top of that I have to work all week. So even if they did invite me, which they didn't, I would regretfully decline. So rest easy that I don't feel like I'm missing out on anything." She withdrew her hand and pointedly picked her tablet back up in an attempt to continue her work. "I'll shut up now. Sorry, Lizzie, I'm distracting you." A twang of guilt twisted Lizzie's chest as her sister's face fell. "You're never a distraction, Janey. At least, never an unwelcome one." Jane stood up and opened her the closet as Lizzie attempted to regain her concentration. Jane kept her promise of silence but her systematic destruction her usually neat side of the room with rejected items of apparel was difficult not to be amused by. Eventually, after a flying sundress had hit Lizzie in the side of the head, she retreated to garden, finding a shady spot where only the distant thud of a tractor could disturb her peace. It was true that Lizzie's round the clock schedule of work and study meant she had little time to attend any social events after the Lucas party. She had made plans to meet George Wickham for coffee after a couple of satisfyingly long phone conversations - he had asked for her number from Denny and though she didn't like her friends giving out her contact details, it had been a pleasant surprise when he called her the day following the night at the Lucas's. The coffee date, if she could call it such, was the only social engagement she allowed herself to commit to - but even the vague thrill of anticipation that gave her was subdued quickly under the vast quantity of writing she had due. Jane on the other hand, had barely been around at all, with the surfing heats in full swing, though not all her absences were due to work. In her few evenings at home she had been in such a state of distraction that Lizzie didn't know whether to laugh at her or shake her. Their late night conversations had centred on mostly Bingley and a little Wickham but left much unsaid about what the blonde surfer's intentions. Whether the time they were spending together was a just a summer fling on his behalf or something more serious, Lizzie couldn't tell, but she was more than sure that Jane was swiftly losing her heart. Jane left in the late afternoon with unasked for promises to clean her side of the room the next day and Lizzie settled in with her research, only stopping to make herself a cup to tea and some cheese and crackers to munch on while she worked. She had completed her bachelor of science with honours in the field of viticulture two years before and, after she had taken a year off to work in the abundant vineyards near her family farm to do some travelling in Europe, she had gone back to university to complete a masters degree. She didn't need it to get work, it wasn't even necessary to know how to read to find work picking or pruning the vines but if she wanted to get to get the opportunity to make her own wine blends, further education was the fastest route. The evening passed with Lizzie not achieving as much as she had planned but she resigned herself to rest in preparation for her busy week. She was just getting ready for bed, planning to give her eyes a break and watch tv while she waited up for Jane, when her mobile phone rang. The shrill sound made her jump, shattering the cosy silence and she answered the unfamiliar number warily. "Hello, this is Lizzie Bennet." "Hi, it's Will Darcy. I'm afraid something's come up. Literally. I don't think your sister will be able to make it home tonight." "What's happened to her? Why isn't she ringing me to tell me this herself?" Lizzie tried to control the rising note of panic in her voice. "It seems that Charlie left the chicken for the picnic in the car. He said he didn't think it was for longer than an hour but keeping time has never been his best attribute. Caroline and I, being the only two who didn't eat the chicken salad, are the only unaffected." "I don't understand. Are you being deliberately obtuse?" "No. Look, I'd drive Jane home myself, but I don't think either she nor the upholstery of my car would thank me. We think it's best if she stays the night." Darcy's flat delivery painted a vivid picture of the scene that beset her sister, despite never once saying the word vomit. It would have amused Lizzie if it had related to anyone but Jane. As it was she found his evasive attitude irritating. "Let me speak to her." "I'll see if she's finished with the porcelain telephone." It was only a few moments before Lizzie heard the faint tones of her sister's voice. "Oh, Lizbat, I feel so sick." "I'll come and pick you up." "No, Lizzie, I couldn't get in a car." Lizzie heard a gagging sound. "Oh, I have to..." "Jane?" Lizzie heard the phone tap against a hard surface and then the distressing noise of her sisters state. She waited until it stopped and Jane picked the phone up again. "Sorry, Lizzie, I can't talk right now. I'll call you later." "Jane, I'm coming over there. Can you give the phone back to Darcy?" He clearly hadn't been far away for his deep voice echoed down the line almost immediately. "Hello?" "I'm coming over. You obviously can't look after Jane properly if everyone is sick as well." "Don't worry about your sister. I have it covered. I've called the maid service in to help." "I should still come." "There's no more spare bedrooms." "I wasn't expecting to stay the night. I'll just come through and see Jane." Lizzie sighed as she looked at the clock. It was already past 10pm, her usual bedtime if she was getting up at 5am for work. A drive to Yallingup would delay her sleep by hours. But Jane sounded truly unwell and Lizzie knew she wouldn't get any rest at all if she didn't go to her. "Can you text me the address? I'll be there by 11 o'clock at the latest." Lizzie hung up on Darcy before he could try to put her off again, quickly collecting some clean clothes and other items essential for Jane's comfort. The message from Darcy containing the address arrived shortly after she left with an added irritating directive not to make too much noise as most of the house was in bed. Her contrary inner voice tempted her to turn up her car stereo to max with the most inappropriate music she could find but she regretfully discarded the thought before she could succumb to impulse. Lizzie recognised the house by the two black SUV's out the front before she even spotted the street number. It was too dark to see the ocean but by the sound of the waves the beach couldn't have been far away. The house in the daytime would have the most magnificent view of the bay but now it was closed and quiet, it's wide windows shuttered against the night. As Lizzie approached the entrance the door swung open. The broad shoulders filling the bright spill of the doorway could only belong to Darcy. He looked calm and unruffled despite the inferred chaos. "Hello, Lizzie." "Hi. How's Jane doing?" "I'm not sure. Caroline just went to check on her." Darcy loomed above her from the greater height from the top of the doorsteps, his face in shadow. Lizzie realised at that moment that she had walked out of her door in the daggiest possible study outfit. Her most comfortable baggy arsed trackie-daks and one of her father's old AC/DC tshirts with the neck torn out. She pulled the shirt up onto her shoulders self consciously. "Um...can I come in and see her?" He moved out of the way so she could enter, stepping inside behind her and shutting the door. "It really wasn't necessary for you to come." Lizzie reached into her bag for Jane's toothbrush. "She needs this at least." "We have spares." "Well, she'll want her pj's." "Caroline found something for her." "Ha, I've only met your girlfriend twice but I can't imagine she has anything close to comfortable pyjamas." "I can't comment on Caroline's collection of sleepwear as she is not my girlfriend." "Really? And have you told her this?" Lizzie knew she should bite her tongue but the words came unbidden. Darcy's mouth twisted into a deprecating smirk. "Yes. Repeatedly." It relieved Lizzie a little that he had at least a spark of humour. She caught herself mid laugh and found she didn't have a further reply. A quick glance at her companion caught him perusing her attire. The quirk of his eyebrow made her cheeks grow warm. He cleared his throat before speaking. "Would you like a drink or something?" "Uh...no. I just want to make sure Jane's comfortable and then I'll go." "She's up the stairs, second door on the left. Do you want me to take you to her?" Lizzie looked up the stairwell. The house was large, but not so big that she would get lost. She shook her head. "No, I'm sure I'll be fine." Darcy shrugged as she left him. Lizzie was sure he was further checking out the disreputable state of her clothing from his view at the base of the stairs but she checked the impulse to pull her pants up higher. As she came to the door she had been directed to, it opened abruptly to reveal Caroline. No one would guess she was residing in a house of turmoil by her perfect attire. Her white wide legged trousers and low cut sequin covered top could hardly be considered suitable to play nursemaid in. Caroline visibly recoiled at the sight of Lizzie, giving her the once over with a rapid blink. "Your dedication to your sister is credit to you, but surely your visit could have waited until the morning?" Lizzie smiled. "As you see, it couldn't. I promise I won't stay long." "Stay, go. It's all the same to me. Tell the help if you need something." Lizzie opened her mouth to ask how Jane fared but Caroline had walked away, her stiletto heels clacking rhythmically down the corridor. She pushed the door open, taking a moment to adjust her eyes to the dimmed lights to find her sister lying miserably on the bed, her head raised with a multitude of pillows. "Lizzie, you came! You shouldn't have, I know you have to work tomorrow." Jane's usually glowing skin was wan, a faintly green tinge colouring the skin around her eyes and lips. Lizzie sat herself on the edge of the bed, being careful not to disturb the bedding, and took her sister's hand. "If one more person tells me I'm unnecessary, I'm liable to start screaming. It's necessary to me, Janey." Jane attempted to smile but it swiftly turned into a shudder. "Pass me the bucket, please!" Lizzie stroked her sister's shoulder as she retched distressingly into bucket before laying back with a breathy sigh. "Oh God, I haven't felt this sick since I was 8." "I remember. Mum fed us all off tuna sandwiches. It was totally disgusting." "Please don't talk of it, Lizzie." Jane turned visibly greener. "The bucket!" Lizzie held Jane's hair back as she vomited again. "I'm sorry, sweetheart! No more talking, just try and relax and let me know if there's anything I can do." Jane nodded. "I feel better having you here." "Shhh. I'll believe that when I see it." Jane lay back again, shutting her eyes under Lizzie's anxious gaze. She waited until her sister's breathing steadied before looking around to see if there was anything she could do to make her more comfortable. There was little to do but sit on the stool by the bed and watch over her. A jug of water sat on the bedside table with a box of tissues and towels covered the floor by the bed. To bide the time between Jane's episodes, Lizzie retrieved her iPad from her bag and tried to read the article she had abandoned earlier. It was too technical to concentrate on. Lizzie read it through twice without being able to recall the content at all. Instead she found her mind examining her feelings about the house she was in and the nature of people who occupied it. Lizzie was happy for Jane that she had met Charlie but it worried her that her sister was about to be sucked into a world that Lizzie wanted no part of, nor wanted any part of her. The falsity of Caroline and Augusta and the cold detachment of Darcy, disturbed Lizzie more than Bingley's geniality could make up for. She could only hold vague hope that it wouldn't be so, that Bingley's friends and family would become more inclusive. It didn't really seem to be possible. It wasn't long before Lizzie herself nodded off and she awoke with a cricked neck, her face pressed into a decidedly uncomfortable embroidered cushion. She checked her phone for the time with bleary eyes, barely stifling her groan when she found it well past 1am. Lizzie looked at the overstuffed armchair in the corner of the room longingly. If she could curl up there and catch a few more hours sleep, she could go straight to work from there in the morning. The vineyard was closer to Yallingup than Cowaramup anyway and it would allow her to fit in another hour of rest. As tempting as the thought of sleep was, Lizzie couldn't allow herself to impose on the household without at least checking it was ok first. She padded quietly from the room, finding the house silent though the hallway lights were still lit. She hoped that the occupants had gone to bed and she could sleep for a few hours and wake early, leaving none the wiser of her impromptu stay. Halfway down the stairs she heard muffled conversation coming from a room that lay off the entrance hall. Caroline's voice was unmistakable. "But, Darcy, the house is already chaos without having her here as well. And there's nowhere to put her." "I'll work something out, it's too late for her to drive home." There was a long pause and Lizzie hovered on the steps, half tempted to go back upstairs to get her bag and drive home after all, when Caroline's voice echoed again. "Ugh, I can't believe she would turn up uninvited in the middle of the night, looking like that." Darcy's voice was detached. "I saw nothing that unusual. She's only here to see her sister." "She looked slovenly. Come on, Darcy, you saw her shirt. Imagine if Gigi got around like that." Darcy chuckled. "That would never happen. She loathes AD/DC." Caroline's tone grew arch. "Hmmm, I suppose then that your opinion of our visitor will have changed after seeing her here like this." "My opinion remains the same, Caroline. Bing had no business to speak to you of that." Caroline laughed. "Don't be so defensive, Darcy. I know what the girls around here are like. She's bound to..." Darcy's voice cut her off sharply. "Drop it, Caroline." Lizzie felt her face warm with mortification at the knowledge they had been talking of her. She had herself openly discussed her dislike of him with her family and friends at large but it unsettled her that he had been doing the same. Walking down to ask them if she could stay seemed an impossible task now. She closed her eyes in an attempt to subdue her flaming cheeks, wishing she could make a quick escape. When she opened them again, she found Darcy looking quizzically up at her from the bottom step. "Are you ok, Lizzie?" "Uh...yes...I was just...coming to say that Jane's asleep and I should get going." Lizzie wished the floor would open up and swallow her. Darcy had to know she'd been eavesdropping. Darcy shook his head. "It's late and it's a long way to drive. I was coming up to tell you to stay here." Lizzie restrained herself from rolling her eyes at his imperious words. "No need to concern yourself about me. I'm pretty used to driving at night around here. It'll be fine." "No really, I insist. It's too dangerous. You're alone, there'll be roos on the road and you look ready to drop. It would be irresponsible of me to allow it." "You said yourself there was nowhere for me to sleep. I really don't want to inconvenience you." "Lizzie, there is no arguing with me on this." "I doubt there's any arguing with you about much at all." Darcy ignored her sullen response. "I'm going to get the bedroll from my car for you. We can put it in Jane's room so you can keep your eye on her. Ok?" Lizzie did roll her eyes this time. "Fine. You win." She was too tired to find the energy to rail against his dictatorial attitude any more and instead sank down to sit on the stairs as he went outside. If she followed him she'd likely see Caroline and that wasn't something she felt she could bear at that very moment. He didn't take long, returning with a plush looking swag. "It's comfortable, I promise you." "Thanks, but I could sleep here on the stairs, I'm so tired." "Then you would be an inconvenience. Trust me, this is a far better option." Lizzie nodded and stood up. Exhaustion had undermined her defences and it was with uncharacteristic meekness that she trailed behind Darcy up the stairs and back to Jane's room. Before he could open the door to go in, Lizzie touched his arm. "It's ok, I've got it from here." Darcy turned, regarding her for a moment before speaking. "It's heavy." "I'm a farm girl, Darcy, lifting and carrying is what I do." She reached out to take the swag but he didn't let go. Lizzie let out an exasperated sigh. "Seriously, you must think I'm completely useless." "No, I think you're a guest in my house and common civility means I should make sure you're comfortable." "Even unwelcome ones?" "No, not unwelcome ones, ergo you are not unwelcome." Lizzie gave the swag a tug, managing to pull it from Darcy's grip. It weighed far more than his easy hold had made her suppose and she staggered back in surprise. Darcy reached out to steady her and his warm unexpected touch against her fingers made her snatch her hand back so the bedroll dropped to the floor between them. Lizzie gave a nervous laugh. "It is heavier than it looks." Darcy leant down and picked it up. "Just let me set it up for you and I'll be out of your way." Lizzie opened the door to Jane's room allowing Darcy to go ahead of her. His voice dropped to whisper. "Shall I put it here by the bed?" "Maybe not right next to. I wouldn't want Jane to wake up and mistake me for the bucket." Darcy grimaced and dragged the bedroll toward the wall. "I put another bucket and some fresh towels in the ensuite earlier. Just chuck anything that needs washing in there and the maid service will sort it out in the morning." Lizzie nodded. "Thanks." She stood uncomfortably as he arranged her bedding. "I have to leave early in the morning for work, so if I don't see you or Caroline, please let her know I'm grateful for the hospitality and her attention to Jane." Darcy retreated to the door. "It's nothing. Sleep well, Lizzie." "Goodnight." The room dimmed as he shut the door and Lizzie leant over Jane to ensure their whispered conversation hadn't disturbed her. She was still pale, but her breathing had deepened and it looked like she had finally reached restorative sleep. Lizzie, on the other hand, had woken up entirely and she looked down at the bedroll with regret that she hadn't insisted on going home. The ensuite was replete with every known and unknown item the hosts deemed necessary for a guests comfort. Lizzie looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror and groaned. She looked a complete mess. A welt was marked redly on the sensitive skin of her cheek from the pillow she had slept on earlier and her eyes looked as heavy as they felt. She took a clean flannel and scrubbed at her face and plaited her tumbled curls in preparation for bed. A toothbrush sat in its unopened wrapper next to the sink and she only considered for a moment before ripping it open. Jane at least didn't need it now. She set her phone alarm to wake her by 5am and changed into the pajamas she'd bought for Jane. The canvas swag was comfortable but it smelt undeniably masculine. There was soap, campfire smoke and something else indefinable. Lizzie snuggled down into it, unable to stop thinking of it's owner. It felt almost too intimate, like she was wearing his clothes but the cosiness quickly overcame her disquiet and she drifted into sleep.
Thanks for the follows, favs and the reviews. I hope you enjoy this chapter. It's a long one! It took a moment for Lizzie to realise where exactly she was when she awoke to the sound of her phone's message alert. She grasped sleepily at the dream that was already slipping from her memory, but all she could hold was the image of rows and rows of grapevines mazing around her. Her classic study anxiety dream, though the sense of longing that accompanied it was something new. The feeling faded quickly when she read the concerned message from her employer wondering where she was. Lizzie looked at the time and stifled a groan. It was already 8 o'clock, an hour past her usual starting time on the vineyard. Lizzie quickly texted back, ruefully explaining the situation and telling her boss she'd call after she had checked on Jane. Her sister was still asleep though evidence showed her night had been less than peaceful. The covers of her bed were tumbled and it looked like she had made her way to the bathroom more than once. She lay quietly now though, looking feverish and wan. Lizzie sat by her side and took her hand. The skin felt hot and dry against her palm. "Janey?" Jane opened heavy eyelids, blinking against the light. "Liz-bat?" "How are you feeling?" "Less sick, but my head is pounding." "Can I get you anything to help?" "Panadol, please. I think I have some in my bag. And something to drink, I'm really thirsty." Lizzie looked at the water jug by the bed. It was mostly empty but how much of that had stayed down was questionable. "I'll go to the kitchen and see what I can find. And then I'll take you home. You need your own bed." The house was mostly quiet though Lizzie could hear vague noises downstairs. She followed the sound in hope it would guide her to the kitchen. The maid there was busy preparing breakfast for the household. It looked like her work was cut out for her with the variety of dishes she was assembling. The smell of frying bacon made Lizzie's mouth water though she declined the offer of anything more than a cup of tea, finding some lemonade and a bottle of water in the fridge to take back to Jane. As Lizzie returned to the stairs, she nearly walked into a pyjama clad Darcy. He looked at her in sleepy confusion. "You're still here. I thought you had to go to work." Lizzie shrugged defensively. "I must have slept through my alarm or something. It's probably just as well, Jane isn't much better. How's everyone else?" "I don't know about anyone else, but Bing seems fine, if a little sorry for himself." He glanced at the drinks she was holding. "He was just going to check to see if your sister needed anything, but you seem to have that covered. No doubt you'll find him there when you return." Darcy's last words were thrown over his shoulder as he walked off in the direction she had just come from. His behaviour, dismissive and conciliatory by turn, had ceased to make Lizzie wonder. She contributed it to caprice; everything the man did was to please himself. She put him out of her mind, a pattern of thought that was becoming distinctly familiar. Charlie was standing outside Jane's door, a look of indecision on his face. It changed to a smile as he looked up at her approach. He looked none the worse for his own difficult night. "Lizzie Bennet, Darcy told me you stayed over but that you had to leave early. I'm so glad you're still here. How is Jane? I was going into see her, but I didn't want to wake her up. I'm so sorry for poisoning her. Tell me, how is she?" Lizzie couldn't help but smile at his earnest questions. "Good morning, Bingley. She's not that great actually. Not as recovered as you anyway. I think I'll take her to the doctor as soon as the clinic opens." Bingley's face creased with concern. "Damn, she's that bad? Let me organise a house call, there's no doctor's surgery close by and I feel bad enough as it is." Lizzie shook her head. "She'll think we're over reacting. But I am worried she's getting dehydrated. I'll take her to the doctor and then home." Bingleys face became stubborn. "I must insist on this, Lizzie, it's entirely my fault that she's sick and if she can't keep any fluids down, she could end up in hospital." Lizzie hesitated. Charlie's words echoed a concern she had been worrying herself. More than anything, she wanted to go home but making Jane endure the half hour drive to Dunsborough and the inevitable wait at the clinic wasn't an ordeal she particularly wanted her sister to go through. Bingley continued. "Besides, we should all get a check up and it's easier to get a house call than trying to get Louisa and Hurst to the doctor as well. Hurst is pretty crappy too, though I suspect that wasn't helped by the two bottles of red he drank before dinner." Lizzie slowly nodded. It was a far more comfortable solution for Jane, despite her own misgivings at remaining in the house any longer. "Ok, thanks, Charlie. Let me just see to Jane and I'll meet you downstairs." Charlie smiled enthusiastically. "I'll find the number and then tell Jane I'll come and see her if she feels up to it. I have to offer my apologies in person, I feel terrible about it all." Lizzie waited for Charlie to reach the stairs before she opened Jane's door. Her sister looked up at her entrance, a look of distress on her face. "I'm so embarrassed, Lizzie." "You're the last person who should be feeling that, sweetheart." Lizzie rummaged in Jane's bag to find the painkillers and passed them to her with the selection of drinks she had found. "Charlie's mortified, he's going to call the doctor in for a house call to check on you." "Oh, Lizzie, tell him he doesn't need to do that. I'll be fine." "Shhh, just swallow your Panadol and try to drink some lemonade. I mixed it with some water to make it go flat." Jane swallowed the tablets with a sip of the lemonade before laying back on the bed. Lizzie sat down beside her. "Do you think you could eat some breakfast?" Jane shook her head with a shudder. "I don't want to risk it, even water feels a bit too much." After Jane assured her there was nothing more she could do for her, Lizzie called her boss. Thankfully he was understanding of the difficult situation she had found herself in and told her not to worry about coming in that day. None of her duties couldn't wait until the following morning. When she hung up, she considered calling home to let her parents know what was going on but decided to wait until she knew when the doctor would arrive. Lizzie wandered back downstairs to find Bingley and Darcy seated at the dining table, eating heartily from the array of dishes displayed on the buffet by the wall. Her stomach rumbled audibly. She was always starving in the morning and her snack of cheese and crackers the night before felt like an age ago. Charlie looked up and smiled. "Join us, Lizzie. There's more than enough to go round." "Thanks, I will. Did you find the number for the doctor? I want to sort that out first." "Already done. They should be here within the hour." Darcy looked up from his coffee and newspaper for the first time. "Good, you should get a check up too, Bing, you're meant to be competing tomorrow." "I feel as right as rain. It's Jane we should be worried about." Lizzie topped up her half drunk cup of tea and helped herself to toast, eggs and fried mushrooms Before taking a seat. The silence at the table suited Lizzie. She was rarely talkative in the morning, preferring to contemplate her breakfast in peace. It was a rarity in the Bennet house. It wasn't long before Caroline sauntered into the room, her silk dressing gown trailing open over her close fitting negligee. Lizzie raised her eyebrows at the amount of flesh she showed. She thought about telling Darcy he must be well acquainted with Caroline's sleeping attire, despite his comment the night before. The tall blonde sat down at the table, declining the eggs with a shudder and reaching instead for the coffee. The press of her breasts against the table made Lizzie look away in fear that her hostess was about to expose herself. Her overt movements were obviously for the benefit of Darcy. Lizzie shot him a glance as she took a bite of toast. He had turned away, apparently absorbed in his newspaper, only his shoulder exposed to Caroline's display. After she had finished her meal, Lizzie left the table to make the inevitable call to let her family know the situation, while Bingley went up to visit Jane. She hoped her father would answer the phone but instead was confronted with the shrill tones of Priscilla. She hadn't even noticed that neither of her eldest daughters had spent the night at home but it took Lizzie more than a few minutes to calm her down. "Mum, it's fine. The doctor's on his way. She's just a bit under the weather, that's all." "No, Lizzie, Jane's digestion has always been delicate. She needs her mother." Lizzie was glad her mother couldn't see the face she was making. Priscilla was the last thing her sister needed under the circumstances. "Mum, seriously, there's enough people here already. Jane isn't in any danger. I'll call you when the doctor's seen her." "I'll believe that when I see it my girl. You just sit tight and tell Jane that Mummy will be with her soon." Lizzie sighed in resignation. "Look, if you must come, can you bring us both a change of clothes? And the books on my desk? I may as well get some work done while I'm trapped here." "As if you need books when you're staying with Charlie Bingley. Oh, Lizzie, I wish you dressed better, I'll bring something of Lyddy's, nothing you have is suitable to wear." "Mum, no. Just jeans and a t-shirt, both Jane and I will be home later on." "We'll see about that. Now just hold tight and I'll be there straight after my nail appointment in Dunsborough. I wish I had time to get my hair done as well." It took a while for Lizzie to extricate herself from the conversation and by the time she was finally off the phone the doctor had arrived. Bingley had escorted him up to Jane's room and she entered to find them both bent over Jane's bed, the doctor looking closely at a thermometer. "...the anti nausea medication should make her feel better almost immediately but if her temperature rises any more then take her to the hospital in Margaret River. You should check it every hour until it starts to lower." Bingley was nodding avidly at the doctor's words. Despite his obvious concern for Jane, Lizzie found his presumption in talking to the doctor without her irritating. "Hi, Doctor, I'm Jane's sister, Lizzie. Can you tell me how she is?" The doctor put the thermometer by the bedside table and turned to nod at Lizzie. "She'll be fine. I've just given her anti-nausea medication and she just needs rest and lots of liquids for a few days." "Should she be eating as well?" "Just light meals when she feels like it, nothing heavy or too fatty. It's important she doesn't overdo it." "I'll see to it. I'll take her home as soon as you're done." The doctor shook her head. "It's best if she's not moved unnecessarily, until she's feeling better at least. The motion may set off her symptons again. Any more fluid loss and I want her hospitalised and on a drip. So I'd prefer it that she stay in bed and remain quiet for the time being, at least for the next 24 hours. Will that be a problem?" Charlie replied before Lizzie could speak up. "Not at all, Doctor, she can stay for as long as she needs." He met Lizzie's eyes. "The offer stands for you too, of course." "Thanks, but I really should be getting home soon." Jane's brow creased in disappointment. "Oh, Lizzie, can't you stay longer? Bing doesn't mind and I feel better with you around." Bingley reiterated Jane's plea. "Yes, stay, Lizzie. It's the least I can do for both of you." Despite Bing's lack of concern at her presence, she didn't think the rest of the household would be so tolerant. But Jane's wellbeing was paramount so she tried to disguise her reticence as she acquiesced to the request. It wasn't until after Charlie and the doctor left to see the other affected members of the house that Lizzie's mother arrived. To Lizzie's dismay she had bought Lydia and Kitty along with her. Seeing them all trotting to the front door from her view at Jane's window made Lizzie rush outside to greet them before anyone else could, taking them directly back upstairs to Jane's room. Priscilla clucked and fussed while Lydia and Kitty giggled between themselves. Jane accepted the attention with her usual loving warmth but Lizzie was ready to tear her hair out by the time she managed to convince the visitors it was time to allow Jane some quiet. Her mother smoothed the bed covers once more. "Now, Jane, I insist you stay put until you feel one hundred percent. I can tell they'll take good care of you here and God knows I don't have the time to be looking after you at home. I'll tell Charles Bingley that if he doesn't return you to me in better condition than before, then he doesn't deserve to be the boyfriend of one of my daughters." Both Lizzie and Jane raised their voices in protest but Priscilla only chuckled. "I'm only joking, girls. I'd be happy to accept Charles Bingley as as son in law, no matter what he feeds you. And just think of what a few days of not eating will do for your figure, Janey." Lizzie rolled her eyes. "I hardly think Jane needs to lose any weight, Mum. Now, the doctor said she needed rest, so can you all go and let her recover in peace? I'm going to stay with her and I'll call you if there's a any change." Lizzie shepherded her mother and other sisters from the room, hoping to get them safely to the car before they encountered any of the rest of the household, forcing Lizzie to introduce them to her mother and subjecting them to the inane twitterings of her sisters. Her hopes were dashed when she found Bingley, Darcy and Caroline walking back to the front door after escorting doctor to her car. She tried to make the introductions perfunctory but both her mother and Bingley seemed inclined to chat. Darcy and Caroline stood apart, as did Lydia and Kitty, observing the conversation with varying degrees of disinterest. Lizzie could barely look at anything else but Priscilla's pink talons that punctuated her every word. "My Jane is clearly very sick, and if the doctor says she shouldn't be moved, then she must stay. I expect you to look after her, Charles." "Of course, I'm so sorry for getting her sick. The very least I can do is look after her. I'll wait on her hand and foot." "I'm glad to hear it." Priscilla looked around at the gardens that surrounded the building, her voice growing arch. "This is a lovely house, Charles, the view is the best in town I hear. With so many attractions in the area you must be wanting to stay rather than leave for the next leg of the pro tour." "If I wanted to quit the pro tour I could do it in a second and not care. For the moment I'm here indefinitely, this place makes me happy." Lizzie interjected before her mother could say any more. "I could have guessed that. You'd find happiness anywhere." Bingley smiled back at her somewhat ruefully. "I guess I would, which is to say I've never found myself anywhere I couldn't find something to please me. I suppose you find me easy to read. It makes me look quite simple, I'm afraid." "I would say uncomplicated, rather than simple, which could never be a bad thing." "But complicated people are more interesting." "To read about perhaps, but not to hang out with. Secrets are more comfortable in fiction." Darcy finally spoke, his words holding more than a note of disdain. "You'd have to read about them here. There's no secrets in small communities like this." Priscilla let out an huff. "Small community? I'll have you know that Cowaramup has a population of a thousand people now." Darcy raised his eyebrow and turned way to look at the view. The triumphant glance her mother shot Lizzie made her stomach clench. Priscilla's voice became more dogmatic. "There's entertainment here all year round now. The surf club has events every month. And no one does parties better than the Lucas's." She nudged Bingley encouragingly. "Wouldn't you say, Charles, that the society around here is equal to anything you've seen anywhere else?" Bingley smiled good naturedly. "My opinion has already been established. As Lizzie pointed out, I'd be happy anywhere." "That may be, but your friend seems to think we're a bunch of country hicks." "Mum, that's not what Darcy said. He just meant that in small communities, everyone knows everybody else's business. You have to admit it's the truth." "Of course, Lizzie, I never suggested otherwise but as I said and as I'll say it again, Cowaramup isn't small. There's even a new cafe opening next to the general store." Lizzie searched her mind desperately to change the topic. "Did Mr Luko drop in today to help Dad with the harvester? Was Charlotte with him?" "Yes, he did, and never was there a more helpful, socially minded individual." She gave a sniff in Darcy's general direction. "Now there's someone who understands how communities work, unlike some people. And Charlotte came too. She's just like her Dad." She elbowed Bingley again. "She's not growing any prettier, that one, don't you think, Charles?" "Uh...I've only met her twice but I thought she was a very nice girl." "Oh, she's nice alright but she couldn't hold a torch to my Jane, or any of my girls really. Even Mary's better looking. Why, Jane won first place in the regional beauty pageant. The organisers wanted her to compete in the state finals but she said it would interfere with her work. I told her she was an idiot to pass up a chance to meet eligible bachelors. One man even wanted to make her a movie star." Lizzie took a breath and looked skyward. "Mum, I don't think they were the kind of films Jane wanted to star in." "Don't be ridiculous, Lizzie, your feminist ideas have no place in this. Who cares if you take your clothes off? Especially with a body like Jane's." The knowing smile that Caroline threw Darcy made Lizzie's skin crawl but she bit her tongue, knowing the next thing that she said could easily escalate the conversation into an argument between herself and her mother. The silence deepened making Lizzie quake that Priscilla would talk more about Jane's 'opportunity' but instead she laboured into general thanks for their hospitality of Jane and their tolerance of Lizzie's presence. Lizzie wanted to remind her that it was through Bingley's carelessness that Jane was sick in the first place but didn't want to give her mother more cause to linger. Finally Priscilla looked at her watch and sighed. "Well, I'd love to stay but I have to get home to make Mr Bennet's lunch. Come on, girls." Priscilla looked around at Kitty and Lydia, who had been whispering between themselves for the course of the conversation. Now that Jane had caught Bingley's eye, Lydia had declared to anyone who would listen that he was too old. She had set her sights on the younger surfers in the heats instead. At least it meant she had ceased showing off in Bingley's presence but it didn't mean she wasn't averse to the social opportunities he could offer. "Charlie, you have to throw a party while you're here. This place would be perfect for it." Bingley grinned at her. "What a great idea. Win or lose, we can make it a celebration for the end of the tour. When your sister is recovered, you can settle on the date between you." Lydia bounced on her toes in excitement. "I guess you have to wait for Jane to get better so she can help organise it. But don't wait too long, most of the surfers leave straight after the comp's over.' With that parting statement, Lizzie's family members departed, leaving the household to sit down for lunch. Lizzie took Jane some lemonade and some fruit and crackers and changed her clothes from the small bag her mother had bought for her. The top was more revealing than she would have chosen but at least her favourite jeans accompanied it. She left Jane with her meal and went back downstairs to join the dining table. It was a small gathering for the large amount of food displayed, Augusta had still not left her room and Hurst was only picking at his meal, muttering complaints about Bingley spoiling his holiday. Lizzie talked to Bingley sporadically as she ate but found her replies to his questions stilted by Darcy's close observation of their conversation. He himself ate in silence, ignoring Caroline's constant badgering, eventually leaving the table before the others had finished by excusing himself under the pretext of making a phone call. Conversation came easier after his departure and both Bingley and Caroline remained at the table with her as she finished her meal. Caroline accompanied Lizzie to visit Jane afterward, becoming a different person in her sister's company, all conciliation and charm. Lizzie sat silently as she and Jane talked, marvelling at the warmth and interest Caroline showed, a stark contrast to the scornful behaviour she generally displayed to Lizzie. Caroline left after a time citing a need to check on Augusta and left Lizzie to watch over her sister alone. She waited until Jane was asleep and returned downstairs to find a quiet spot to work. The good weather they had been enjoying was starting to turn and the threateningly grey sky meant Lizzie had to abandon her plans to sit outdoors. Instead she settled back at the now cleared dining table and opened her laptop, intending to read over the chapter draft she had been working on the night before. It was fairly challenging to concentrate, despite the quiet, and she found herself staring at the page before her, frustrated with her lack of progress. It didn't help matters when Bingley and Hurst commenced a noisy game on the playstation. The sound of gunfire and their alternate excited shouts and defeated groans echoed through the house. She closed the document in defeat, instead joining the gathering in the living room, taking the one book her mother had bought her to read. She had only just settled into a chair when Caroline loudly expressed her distaste for shooting games, insisting that they stop playing Call of Duty and put on a racing game they could all join in on. Despite Hursts protests at the change, she and Darcy joined them on the couch for the impromptu competition. Lizzie watched them play dispassionately. Her sister Mary was an avid gamer and Lizzie would sometimes join her, though not as often as when they were kids. When Bingley exhorted her to join his team, she declined, stating that she'd prefer to persist with her reading. Hurst looked up from the console controller with a look of disbelief. "You prefer reading to gaming? Each to their own, I guess." Caroline smirked from her position next to Darcy on the couch. "Lizzie is very dedicated and won't do anything that hasn't got to do with study. In fact, she thinks that any type of gaming is a waste of time." Lizzie put down her book. "I wouldn't go that far. I have to force my self to study most of the time and can procrastinate for hours playing games." "We've other games if you'd prefer, Lizzie." Bingley tried to grab the controller from Hurst, who snatched it out of reach while still continuing his driving mission. "Come on, Hurst, play nice." Lizzie shook her head. "Seriously, don't worry about me. I really am happy with my book." The conversation dropped as the gaming became more competitive. After Caroline lost for the third consecutive time, she tossed the controller to the table and gave a sigh. "This is boring. Darcy, entertain me. Tell me about Gigi, I haven't seen her in an age. Is she taller now?" Darcy barely looked up from his phone as he replied. "She's probably about as tall as Lizzie." "Not much taller at all then. A pity." She leaned back against the cushions, pressing her thigh closer to Darcy who shuffled across to make more room. "More's the pity that she had to leave her boarding school in the city. Denmark can't be challenging enough for a girl of her talents. She's such an accomplished performer, it's a shame she's rotting away in Denmark with no opportunities to pursue it. She sings and dances like no other I've seen. And don't even mention the poor education she must be getting at the local high school there. Really, Darcy, you need to let her go back to Perth, though a school over east would no doubt be better." "Denmark is perfectly adequate for Gigi at the moment. She can move wherever she wants when she finishes school and goes to university." The implacable tone of his words made Lizzie wonder if Darcy's sister truly wanted to go to uni or if it was just the plan that her overbearing brother had set out for her. Bingley abandoned his attempt to beat Hurst and put his controller down. "Heaps of girls from the country I meet have accomplishments. There's lots of opportunity for her, I reckon." "Are you joking?" Caroline scoffed, "the biggest accomplishment for most the girls you've met here is the ability to giggle and bounce their tits at the same time." Darcy raised his brow. "That's a fairly crude way of putting it but I suppose there's something in what you say. Charlie doesn't really attract the intellectual type." Bingley let out an outraged choke of laughter. "Hey, I resent that." Lizzie felt a flash of anger at the perceived slur against her sister and glared at Darcy. "Perhaps if you looked for something more, you'd find it. Or maybe skin deep is all you're interested in." Darcy looked affronted. "I wasn't speaking for myself. I'd prefer educated conversation over, what was it that you said, Caroline, 'bouncing tits', any day." His reply did nothing to calm her. "Education your pleasure or for it's own sake? And just because Jane hasn't been to university, it doesn't mean she's dumb." "I'm not talking about your sister, I don't know her well enough to comment on her at all. I was generalising. The life Bingley lives on tour seems like one long beach party." Hurst cursed and threw down the play station controller. "Damn buttons, they must be stuck or something." "If you stopped throwing it on the floor maybe it would work better." Bingley grabbed the controller and reset the game. Lizzie tried to concentrate on her book again but found Darcy's continued presence too aggravating. It was a struggle not to have another go at at his chauvinistic attitude. She stood up instead, excusing herself to go upstairs to check on Jane again. Her sister had never been particularly academically successful at school. Late discovered dyslexia had been a problem she struggled to overcome. But her excellent taste, ability to charm all who met her and unparalleled organisational skills had already made her fledgling career in event management very successful. Darcy and Caroline's inflammatory comments, and Bingley's failure to defend either himself nor Jane, infuriated her and she found it difficult to hide her irritation from her sister when she awoke. Lizzie schooled her face into a gentle smile and sat quietly by her sisters bedside for the remainder of the afternoon.
Lizzie succeeded in subduing her irritation by the time she was called down for dinner. She had hoped Jane would be well enough to join them, her presence would always have a measuring effect on conversation, but she had declined, choosing to eat in her room alone. Her sister had at least managed to leave her bed, for more reason than just visiting the bathroom, settling in the chair with a view of the garden to eat the light salad the maid had prepared for her. Only Bingley had come to visit her during the afternoon, but it was clear that his restless nature didn't lend itself to nursing. When Jane's cheeks started flushing with a feverish glow, Lizzie gently but firmly escorted him to the door. Lizzie determined to keep her conversation general as she descended the stairs. By her reckoning, this would have to be the last time, at least in the near future, she would have to spend in the company of Darcy and Caroline. She could handle Bingley on his own. On entering the dining room, she found an even more lavish affair than lunch. She hadn't been informed it was necessary to dress up to eat but her simple outfit was certainly at odds with the gowns Bingley's sisters wore and the jackets the men had all donned in which to consume their meals. Being self conscious, however, was also something she had decided to avoid so she lifted her chin and entered the room with as much poise as any. Augusta and Caroline spent most of the meal whispering between themselves though Charlie was as congenial as ever. Lizzie fell into casual conversation with him, negotiating the occasional comment from Darcy or one of Bingley's sisters with casual distance. After the meal they retired to the living room to watch television. Hurst sulked that he wasn't allowed to play PlayStation but Caroline and Augusta insisted on a reality TV show. Lizzie found the book she had been reading previously far more appealing than what was on the screen. It was clearly not to Darcy's taste either, who set himself up at the small writing desk by the door, tapping away at his laptop rather than joining the assembly on the couch. He wasn't left in peace for long, by the first ad break Caroline had hopefully positioned herself at Darcy's side, trying to read over his shoulder. "Caroline, can you move? You're in my light." Caroline moved to perch herself at the side of the desk. "You type so fast, Darcy." "Not particularly." "I disagree. Look, the words are just flying from your fingertips. I'm sure your spelling is perfect too." Darcy made a noise in his throat but no other reply left his lips. "Who are you writing to?" "I'm emailing Gigi." "How I long to see her, you should tell her to visit us." "She's at school, Caro." "She must be studying for exams. Gigi's so clever, just like all her family. Wish her the best from me." Caroline traced her fingers over Darcy's shoulder, making him shrug. "You do write the most delightful emails, I almost wish I was away so that you would write one to me." Bingley let out a laugh. "Calm down, Caro. Darcy barely even writes to me and when he does I need a dictionary to understand what he's talking about." "Well, who would want to write to you? One can barely make out what you're trying to say in your text messages. You rely wholly on spellcheck and it makes them unintelligible." "My brain moves so fast my fingers can't keep up. I'd edit my messages before sending them but it's so boring, I can never be bothered." Lizzie glanced up from her book with a chuckle. "Your self awareness should at least be admired, Charlie." Darcy turned from the desk and met her eyes before addressing himself to Bingley. "Knowing a fault and doing nothing to change it can't be seen as admirable. Either you're too lazy to amend it or too arrogant to care." Bingley smiled lazily from the couch. "And which description do you think fits me best." "Both. I can hardly get you to reply to a text message, generally you deny that you ever received it at all. I wonder that you have a phone at all except to write random Facebook posts, never considering the fact that people might be trying to get in touch with you." Lizzie couldn't help but interrupt, though it made her abandon her earlier promise to herself to avoid inflammatory comments. "I think it shows a remarkable lack of arrogance, if Charlie knows it's a fault but doesn't care that people might judge him for it." "Ha! See Darcy. I say the arrogance is all yours." "It's the respect due others and to myself. I'd rather be thought arrogant than careless." "Well, that's something that is unlikely to happen." Lizzie wondered if she'd gone too far but Darcy just looked at her levelly. "At least a measured response can't be misunderstood. Bingley's as thoughtless with journalists as he is online. He comments before he thinks and the media always seem to get hold of it. It's exactly like earlier today when he told your mother that if he felt like quitting the tour, he'd do it in a second. He forgets that anything he says that gets out will be published and more than once he's found himself in trouble with his sponsors for saying something that goes against his contract." Lizzie closed her book and set it on the coffee table. "But he only said that to be agreeable so it just confirms that Charlie can adapt himself to whatever situation he finds himself in. I think it's a merit, not a fault, that pleasing others makes him happy." "Thanks for your defence of me, Lizzie, but Darcy's always telling me to pull my head in, and, happiness aside, I'll take his advice because he's usually right." "But it seems to me that your willingness to be open with your decisions makes him think less of you, which is hardly fair." Bingley raised his brow, tilting his head toward his friend. "I can't comment on what Darcy thinks of me, I'll leave that for him to say." "You seem to have decided between you what I think, though if it were true, it seems I could convince Bing to jump off a cliff if I suggested it." "So you're saying you'd prefer it if he ignored your advice and stuck to his convictions?" "I'd prefer it if he at least had convictions rather than changing his mind every 30 seconds." "Even if it were to jump off a cliff?" Charlie interjected with a chuckle. "Lizzie, Darcy is so much bigger than me that it may be that I change my mind through intimidation rather than any belief he knows my business any better than I do. Who's to know if I jumped or I was pushed?" Darcy smiled thinly but Lizzie choked off her laugh as she could see he was more offended by Bingley's words than his friend could see. Darcy's reply was cool. "I think you're just saying that to change the subject, Bing. There's nothing you hate more than an argument." "That I'll own up to. But if you must continue to disagree on my character, you could at least wait until I've gone to bed." Lizzie cleared her throat as picked her reading up again. "I think there's little left to say. Darcy would be much better occupied finishing his email to his sister and myself, reading my book." She tried to pick up her place on the page, wishing it was early enough to go to bed, unwilling to acknowledge to herself that she was actually enjoying the engagement. Silence settled until Charlie raised the topic of the party he had promised Lydia and Kitty. "Lizzie, I know all the people from the tour I need to ask but do you think you could help me put together a list of the local residents to invite?" "Jane would be much better equipped to help you with that, but really Charlie, don't feel obliged on my sisters account to throw a party. I thought you just agreed to it out of politeness." Lizzie would have been very pleased if he declared no intention of hosting a party. It would be a difficult event to decline, no matter how she wished it. "But I promised them. And I like the idea. It'll be my way of thanking everyone for the warm welcome they've given me." Caroline's decisive interjection certainly made it clear that she was fed up of being left out of the conversation. "Are you seriously thinking about holding an event here, Charlie. I wish you'd ask us our opinions before committing to something like that. There might be some of us who aren't very keen on the idea." Charlie laughed. "You mean Darcy of course. Well, if he doesn't want to join in then he can stay in his room. I'm completely serious. As soon as Jane can help me with a date, I'll set up an event page on Facebook and link it to the tour site." "You could at least send out proper invitations." Caroline made a face as she continued. "I absolutely loathe facebook event requests, what's wrong with inviting people somewhere the old fashioned way?" Charlie scoffed. "You're the one who just put me down over my inability to string together a sentence. If you want old fashioned, then you'll have to look after it yourself." Caroline gave him an incredulous smile in lieu of any other response. Presently, she gave a deep sigh and stood up, pacing elegantly across to the french doors that led to the deck to throw the curtains open. "It's beautiful night, the moon's just rising. Lizzie, you must be stiff from sitting so long, join me for a stroll around the deck?" Lizzie blinked in astonishment at the pleasantly offered invitation. She didn't much feel like accepting but could think of no good reason to decline. Caroline pushed the doors wide open, ignoring Hurst's complaints about the breeze. "See, it's magnificent out here." Lizzie had to agree. The waxing moon rising over the ocean was indeed a magical sight. Caroline looked back inside the lounge room as Lizzie joined her. "Darcy, you should come out too." Darcy looked up from his laptop to regard the pair, a vexingly enigmatic expression on his features. "I know where I'm not welcome. You can only have dragged Lizzie outdoors for one of two reasons." Caroline's attitude became coy. "What do you mean? How do we make him explain himself, Lizzie?" "I haven't the slightest idea. No doubt he means to judge us in one way or another, so it's probably best to ignore him." But Caroline wouldn't be put off and insisted that Darcy explain. When it was clear her badgering wouldn't stop he eventually complied. "Either you want to tell each other secrets, which would put me entirely in the way, or you know that the light of the moon is the most flattering of all and you want to show off. If that's the case, I can admire the effect better from here." Caroline let out a giggle. "What a thing to say, Darcy! Lizzie, how can we get him back?" "That should be easy enough. If Darcy's determined to get a response out of us, then surely we can give him back some shit and laugh at his expense instead? You must know something we can tease him about." Caroline shook her head. "Tease such self possession and intellect? Believe me, Lizzie, it would dangerous to even try." Lizzie looked back at Darcy, who met her gaze with equanimity. "Not even a little? How disappointing. There is nothing I like more than poking a bit of fun with my friends at something silly someone's done." Darcy raised his eyebrow. "Everyone can be made a mockery of. People get flamed for trying their best all the time." "I hope I'd never be guilty of laughing at something that damaged someone who was truly trying to do good, but I confess the crazy, thoughtless things people more often do are usually begging to be made fun of." Lizzie tilted her head to meet Darcy's eyes more fully. "But I guess you would never do such things?" "It's always been my preference to avoid the kind of behaviour that the media or my acquaintances can make a mockery of." "Such as egomania?" Darcy let out a short laugh. "A healthy ego is nothing to be ashamed of. You possess one yourself." Lizzie bit her lip to control the answering chuckle that was threatening to emerge and turned back to gaze at the view. Caroline tried her best to insert herself back into the conversation. "Your examination of Darcy is over? Tell me, what did you decide?" The moon got the full benefit of the smile Lizzie had failed to subdue. "You were right, Darcy is clearly perfect. Even he admits it." Darcy's voice rose with an amused resignation from the room behind them. "I can still hear you and I refute that I said that. I'm sure I have many faults, but not, I hope of understanding or discernment. But my temper is foul, as Bing here will attest I'm sure, and I find it difficult to either forgive or forget when someone has crossed me or my family and friends. So call me resentful, if you like." Lizzie couldn't help but look back over her shoulder at him as she responded. "I will. But seeing that you've identified your own faults, I can hardly laugh at them." "I believe you might agree with me, Lizzie, if I say that everybody has at least one fault, to struggle with or celebrate as they will." "Yes, and I picked yours as soon as I met you. You're determined to hate everyone." He smiled at her then, showing no hint of the annoyance she was sure he was feeling. "And you take positive enjoyment in wilfully misrepresenting everyone." Caroline switched on the outside light making Lizzie blink in the unexpected brightness. The tall blonde walked back inside, stopping just inside the doorway, interrupting the eye contact between Lizzie and Darcy. "I think I'll put some music on. Gussie, wake up Hurst. He's snoring." Lizzie stayed outside on the deck, half tempted to go back inside to continue her verbal spar with Darcy and half inclined to retire to her bedroll, dismissing him altogether. But by the time Caroline had finished loudly vacillating over which song she most wished to listen too, he had shut down his laptop and bid the room a general goodnight. It made for an uncomfortable circumstance; Lizzie wished to follow his example but was unwilling to leave the room so shortly after him. That would be an action sure to make Caroline think that she had only remained for Darcy's attention in the first place. So Lizzie remained where she was, her thoughts blinding her to the moon's slow rise reflecting over the water. Shorter chapter, but really it's a continuation of the previous. Massive shout out to all the Aussies reading and sharing their thoughts with me. For Bellebelles, fellow Perth P&P fan, Lizzie's doing her masters at UWA but her undergrad was at Curtin. Thanks for the R's, F's and F's. You guys rock.
The following morning Lizzie left Jane still in bed at Bingley's, though she woke up just when her sister was about to slip out the door to go to work. "Are you going, Lizzie?" "I have to, I can't miss another day. How are you feeling?" Jane smiled, displaying the habitual glow that had been so dimmed over the past few days. "Much better. Looking forward to finally leaving this room." "Will you be ok to get home?" "I'll be fine." After a few more assurances of the same sort, Lizzie left her sister alone. The house was dim in the early morning light as she felt her way to the kitchen to snatch some breakfast before she left, feeling like a thief as she rummaged through the fridge. Despite the fact she had barely seen a morsel of food pass Caroline's lips, she hoped the punnet of berries she helped herself to, were meant for her own breakfast. She nearly dropped them in fright when Bingley walked in the door. "Morning, Lizzie." "You startled me! I didn't think anyone else was up." "Darcy and I are going for a surf. My heat's this arvo and I've got to loosen up a bit. How's Jane?" "She says she's much better, I think she's ok to go home." "Surely she should stay another day to make sure?" "She said she'd be fine to drive herself home, though I could come back and get her later if she's not up to it. If it's ok to leave her car here til we can pick it up, that is?" "Darcy and I'll look after that. I'll drive her on my way to Prevally this afternoon for the heats and he can follow us in her car." Lizzie didn't think Darcy would be too pleased with how his friend planned to commandeer his time but didn't voice her suspicions. She waved the fruit she held at him. "I helped myself to some breakfast. I hope you don't mind." "Not at all. You should come with us to the beach, now you're up. The swell's perfect this morning, I only hope it stays like it for the rest of the day." She shook her head. "I can't, I have to go to work before there'll be no job for me to go to." "We won't be long, Darcy's just coming downstairs now." Lizzie had checked her phone for the time. "I really have to be going or I'll be late." The words weren't strictly true, the vineyard she worked in was only about ten minutes away but she felt it wise to leave before she ran out of luck and into some of the other members of the household. "Thanks for having me, Charlie, I'll see you soon. Good luck for today." He smiled eagerly as he walked her out the front door to her car. "Maybe you and Jane could come and watch my heat this afternoon. It's at 3 o'clock." Lizzie knew there was no way she would be able to get there but she just smiled and told him she would do her best. Darcy came outside just as she turned the ignition, joining Bingley on the steps as he waved farewell. Despite the morning chill, he was just wearing his board shorts with his wetsuit slung over his shoulder. It was obscene that he could look so good at that hour, his rumpled hair and sleep soft expression making him look positively approachable. Lizzie allowed herself one glance at the way his low-slung shorts embraced his narrow hips, exposing the ripple of muscle that ran up his torso before she forced her eyes to the driveway before her. It wasn't quite out of sight, out of mind though. The vision had revisited her all day, until she was ready to wash her contrary brain out with the bleach she was using so violently on the cellar floor she was cleaning. Lizzie generally enjoyed her work on the vineyards. The part time hours allowed her time to study while allowing her to keep in touch with the industry. She was employed at one of the more popular wineries in the region but as it was still small scale, her duties were varied. Some jobs she enjoyed more than others. Tasting the new vintages was of course her favourite, but she didn't mind the physical labour in the vineyards either. The job she had to do that day however, she always hated. Cleaning out the cellars however, was as important a job as any, so she tried to be philosophical about it, working through her thoughts as she methodically swept and scrubbed. Often she would think about her thesis but today it couldn't hold forefront in her thoughts. In spite of her best efforts, William Darcy held that honour for much of the morning. Lizzie's stomach was rumbling by the time the task was complete, the fruit she had eaten in the morning having long worn off. Usually she would take a packed lunch, for though the winery had a restaurant attached, the prices were a little out of her league for daily indulgence, despite the staff discount she received. She was considering whether she would allow herself to spurge for once and get the chef to make her a meal, or if she should make drive back to the Yallingup general store for a sandwich when Charlotte's welcome face appeared in the bright light streaming through the cellar door. "Jesus, Lizzie, I know cellar cleaning can be a filthy job, but you don't have to use yourself as the mop!" Lizzie laughed as she looked down at her soaked work shirt. "Sometimes you have to resort to desperate measures." She shoved the mop back into the store cupboard and walked outside to join her friend. "I'm so glad you're here, I have so much to tell you. You wouldn't believe the" Her voice stopped abruptly at the sight of the unknown man standing beside Charlotte. "Oh, I didn't realise you were with someone." "I'm taking Bill here on a tour of the local wineries and thought we'd stop and have lunch with you. You can stop for lunch can't you?" Charlotte had an agitated look in her eye, which was unusual for her normally laid back friend. "My shout." Bill stepped forward, looking as though he would shake her hand, but at the sight of her filthy clothes he flexed his fingers, holding them against his chest instead. "No, it would be an honour to buy such lovely young ladies a meal. Do join us." "That's entirely unnecessary, thank you though." She wiped her hand on her jeans and held it out. "I'm Lizzie Bennet, nice to meet you." "Charmed indeed." He finally took her fingers, shaking them perfunctorily though by the feel of his sweaty palm, Lizzie was grateful for it's brevity. "William Collins, but please call me Bill." "Please join us for lunch, Lizzie. Bill here can tell you all about De Bourgh Estate, he's the vineyard manager there. He's been...uh...regaling me with fascinating stories about it all morning and I don't doubt he'd be happy to share them with you." Charlotte's look of appeal had become more of one of desperation. "I'd be very happy to tell you about the estate, I'm sure you are desperate to more about the workings of the place and, of course, Mrs de Bourgh's brilliant management style." Bill puffed out his chest as he looked around the site. "What a charming entrance to the cellar, it put's me in mind of Mrs De Bourgh's own cellar doors, though hers of course are much more imposing." Lizzie nodded at him. She been to De Bourgh estate on a few occasions, though the techniques of mass production applied there didn't interest her as much as the smaller, more traditional wineries she liked to visit. It was one of the largest producers in the region, having numerous vineyards, as well as buying in large quantities of grapes from smaller producers. The Lucas holding was one such supplier but, by the way the family had to bend themselves into shapes to keep the contract, it wasn't something Lizzie envied them. "Lizzie, go and get changed. In fact, Bill, you go ahead and have a look around the gardens, I know how much you enjoy them, and I'll just go with Lizzie for a moment. See you in the restaurant in 10 minutes?" Charlotte didn't wait for his response, taking Lizzie's arm and dragging her away. "What's got into you, Lottie?" "One more second in that man's company and I'm likely to throttle him. He is the most pompous prat I've ever met, I can barely look at him anymore without wanting to run in the opposite direction." "Why are you touring vineyards with him then?" "Dad made me. He's come to get some vine cuttings and they're not ready yet so dad fobbed him off onto me. It sounded better than digging out stumps in the new plot we're preparing for planting, but that was before I met him. All morning it's been Mrs De Bourgh this, and Mrs De Bourgh that. I had to drag him here in self preservation." "So you thought you'd share the pleasure around?" "Well, actually, I'm trying to do you a favour. De Bourgh estate is looking for an assistant manager to fill in for a few months while their regular goes to France for training. I thought it might be something you'd be interested in. No more scrubbing cellars?" "Aren't you qualified for that too?" "Yes, but they're looking for a number of people and it didn't take me long to realise that the only way I could bear Bill's company for more that a day would be if you were there to share it." Lizzie giggled. "Generous of you." "Yes, it is isn't it? Now, hurry up. If I leave Bill for too long he's likely to get into some sort of trouble. You wouldn't believe the to-do at Wild Wood Estate when I lost him for ten minutes only to find him in the manager's office looking at their accounts book. I swear, Lizzie, the man has no sense of boundaries." Lizzie shucked off her work clothes, sniffing ruefully at the garments she had worn there that morning. It couldn't be too soon before she got home to her own shower and clean clothes. Luckily, Bill hadn't got far and Lizzie and Charlotte found him admiring the plane trees shading the restaurant. He didn't stop prosing about their autumnal colours until the waitress had taken their order. Lizzie hesitated at the offer of wine; she didn't usually drink with lunch, but swiftly decided that the best way to deal with the tedium of Bill's company was to lubricate it. "Charlotte tells me that you're completing a masters in viticulture, Lizzie. What is your thesis topic?" "I'm looking at how traditional organic vineyard practices can be adapted for larger operations." "You must be fascinated by De Bourgh estate then, there's no winery with greater efficiency of practice." Lizzie merely nodded, deciding that the present wasn't the time to say that the methods adopted at the estate could hardly be defined as sustainable practice. Instead she asked about their processing methods, which Bill took as an invitation to pontificate about the inefficiencies of hand picking and how nearly all the vines at De Bourgh had been converted for machine harvesting. "Finally Mrs De Bourgh doesn't need to employ the rabble of ferals and drop outs that we used to have to tolerate during harvest. Mung beans and drug addicts the lot of them." Lizzie couldn't hold her tongue to mere pleasantries for any longer. "I think the variety of people you meet during harvest makes it one of the best times of year. I don't think you can damn everyone who comes here for the season like that." "You just look at the crime statistics, Lizzie, you'll see Mrs De Bourgh is right. She can't wait for the time when all the properties around here are industrialised and we don't need to put up with it anymore." "But what about the oldest plantings of grapes that can't be converted. They make some of the best vintages around here?" "That's debatable. You can't stand in the way of technology, Lizzie, it's the way of the future." Lizzie couldn't be bothered telling him that that was exactly why she had chosen the topic for her thesis and that sustainable practice was at the core of her interest in her studies. Luckily their food arrived and Bill turned his focus to the plate before him, rather than continuing to assert his inflammatory opinions. After making good inroads into his meal, he revisited the conversation. "It's quite a quaint operation they have here. What duties does your position entail?" "Officially I'm the cellar hand, but it's such a small holding that I pretty much get involved in everything." "You must be anxious to stop having to do so much manual labour and find a position at a larger company." Lizzie considered her words before she spoke. She enjoyed most of the manual tasks she needed to do and the variety in her work had given her an insight into many of the processes in a commercial estate that otherwise she wouldn't have been exposed to. But likewise, she was interested in experiencing the techniques applied at De Bourgh Estate first hand, so she made her reply conciliatory. "I'm interested in all practices in viticulture. And there's always hard work to do in a vineyard, no matter how much technology is introduced. There's no pruning machine yet." Collins shook his head. "Not yet, but some of the advances they're making in California might prove that that isn't far off. It's already possible to make fine wine, without a human hand touching the raw product and from what I saw in the US last year, soon we'll be able to do without manual handling at all." Bill pushed his empty plate away and gave a satisfied sigh. "You must tell the chef here that his aioli is on par with that served at De Bourgh Estate. He'll be flattered to know, I'm sure." "I'll let her know. She'll be in transports of delight by your praise, I'm sure." Charlotte snorted at her plate but Bill didn't pick up on the sarcasm that coloured Lizzie's words, just nodding thoughtfully before continuing. "Perhaps you may get the chance to experience our chef's work yourself. We are looking to offer an opportunity for someone to second with us for a few months and Charlotte mentioned you as a suitable applicant. The position is paid of course, but really by the experience we can offer there, the lucky people who we employ should really be paying her. She even provides separate facilities for the employees on site so they don't have to find accommodation elsewhere." Lizzie nearly choked on the last of her salad. She took a gulp of her wine to clear her throat. "How exceptional of her." "Indeed. There is no one more generous. So when will you be able to attend her?" "Uh" The fast turn of conversation from discussion to certainties left Lizzie a little adrift and she could wish she hadn't drunk her wine so fast. "I'll need to discuss it with my boss, I don't want to leave him short handed. But, you're right, it's an amazing opportunity." "If you could come to us for two weeks in June, both you and Charlotte, you would be able to see what the positions entail. You would, of course, have to receive approval from Mrs de Bourgh herself but, from what I have seen, she may just find you satisfactory." Lizzie considered the offer. The position would be a great addition to her resume and furthermore, it would save her from the gruelling months of vine pruning, which now that the harvest season was over would be her main duty for the foreseeable future. Bill didn't look particularly happy when she reiterated that she'd have to discuss it with her current employer but he did concede it was the correct thing to do. "Bird in hand, I suppose. And Mrs De Bourgh may decide you're unsuitable after all." Lizzie decided not to reply by saying that it could just as easily go the other way and instead smiled her thanks before checking the time. "I have to get back to work now. Thanks again for the offer, I'll definitely consider it. I assume I can get your contact details from Charlotte to let you know if I can come?" Bill nodded. "Can you let me know by end of day tomorrow? Mrs De Bourgh is anxious to have it settled, she very much dislikes uncertainty when is comes to her staffing arrangements." Lizzie agreed that a quick response was achievable. She was almost about to offer to pay for own lunch but changed her mind when Bill pulled out his wallet. Mrs De Bourgh's corporate account could surely bear the cost of her meal. As she walked back to get changed into her work clothes again after farewelling Charlotte and Bill, Lizzie's phone sounded an alert. It was from Wickham and she smiled to herself as she read his message asking her what time they were to meet that evening and if she wanted him to pick her up. It surprised Lizzie that it had slipped her mind that her date with him was for that day but there had been so much on her plate recently that it wasn't that odd she had forgotten. She responded by telling him she would meet him at the pub in Margaret River, calculating exactly how long it would take her to get home and wash her hair before confirming the time. The remainder of the afternoon passed quickly with both Bill's offer and her date with Wickham to keep Lizzie's thoughts occupied. After completing her final tasks for the day, she found her boss to discuss with him the opportunity as De Bourgh Estate. "You should take it, Liz. God knows we'd hate to lose you during the pruning season, but we can't offer that kind of experience." He winked at her as he continued. "Just watch your step around Mrs De Bourgh, she's notoriously difficult and we want you back with us in one piece, ok? And if it all goes pear shaped, you can come back anytime." Lizzie stayed chatting with her boss for longer than she realised, making her feel rushed to get ready when she finally got home. Jane was working at her computer but stopped when Lizzie returned, following her to the bathroom to talk to her while she showered. "How did Charlie go in his heat this afternoon?" "I don't know, it hasn't been published on the website yet." "You couldn't go down to watch?" Jane shook her head, looking a little upset. "No, I had so many emails from clients when I got home, I just couldn't neglect work any longer. Charlie begged me to come down but I feel terrible that I couldn't go." "Jane, everyone has to work, I'm sure he understands." "I guess so, but I still feel bad." Jane didn't look too convinced that Lizzie's instincts were correct. "Where are you going with Wickham tonight." "We're just meeting at the Margaret River pub, we haven't set anything else." Lizzie turned off the shower. "Pass me a towel? And can you be a sweetheart and find me something clean to wear? I don't want to be late." Lizzie looked critically at her reflection in the mirror, deciding she'd have to leave off blowing drying her hair if she were to make it in time. Tying her damp curls up into a ponytail would have to do, though she added a bit of makeup to look like she had at least made some effort for her date. Jane had found her a knit dress, which Lizzie put on without argument. It skimmed her curves but didn't show so much cleavage that Lizzie would be uncomfortable. "Thanks, you're a darling. Is my hair ok?" "It's fine. What time will you be home?" "I don't know, not late I don't think." "I'll wait up for you." Wickham already there when she finally reached the pub. He stood up to greet her, giving her a kiss on the cheek before gesturing at his half empty pint glass, his handsome face twisting into a rueful grin. "You're a sight for sore eyes. Sorry, I started without you. I know we said coffee but I need a bloody drink after the day I had today. What'll you have, Lizzie? My round, you can get the next one." "What ever you're having will be fine." Lizzie hadn't planned on drinking but she thought she could manage one or two and still drive home later. He quickly downed the last of his drink and left her at the table. Lizzie's position at the table gave her ample opportunity to observe him as he ordered. It was obvious the barmaid was taken by his charming manner; he seemed ready to flirt with everyone. But when he returned to Lizzie, his smile seemed to be just for her. "Do you surf, Lizzie?" "Yes, you?" "Of course, how couldn't I, growing up round here? I used to think I'd be one of the competitors on the circuit once upon a time but alas, that wasn't meant to be. It amazing how expensive it can be if you don't have a sponsor." "I can imagine." "There's nothing I'd rather be doing though, even though the ocean isn't the faithful lover I wish she was." He touched his bent nose with a grin. "More like an abusive mistress really, she even ruined my chance for a modelling career." Lizzie thought the lack of symmetry to Wickham's nose in no way detracted from his looks but she held the thought without voicing it, laughing instead. "I've had my fair share of close calls, though I never broken anything. A few brushes with sharks though." Wickham shuddered. "The older I get the more frightened of them I become." "I know, sometimes I get so spooked when I'm out, I can't get to shore fast enough, even if there's not a fin in sight. I don't agree with the shark cull though" "Really? I with they'd go out and bait the lot of them." Lizzie couldn't agree with his sentiment and passionately engaged him in friendly argument until she noticed they'd both finished their drinks. The barmaid was clearly disappointed when she came to the bar instead of Wickham this time, shooting glances over to their table, where her companion was checking his phone. When she returned, he changed the subject. "Have you seen Will Darcy since I last talked to you last?" "Yes, just this morning in fact." Wickham raised his eyebrow but didn't look up from his beer. "You know him pretty well then?" "Not at all. I met him less than three weeks ago. It's a pleasure I could have done without really." "It's a nice change to be in a place where no one's brown nosing the great Darcy." Lizzie laughed. "No, you'll still find that round here, just not from me." "It can't be escaped I 'spose. I should know. I grew up with it." "You grew up with Darcy?" Lizzie was astonished that they were so connected. "Yeah, my father was Pemberley's vineyard manager so I grew up on the estate." Wickham's reply was perfunctory, as if he didn't wish to elaborate. "Is he staying around here for much longer or will he leave with his friend after the tour's over?" "I wouldn't think he'd stay, it's obvious that Bingley is the only thing that keeps him here. Are you trying to avoid him?" "Ha! No, I'd say it's the opposite. We don't have anything to do with each other anymore, for reasons which at least I've no reason to avoid him for, but he knows if I spend to long in his company, he's liable to end up with a broken nose. But his father was a great man, almost like a father to me after my own dad died when I was 14, so I guess you could call that a reason not to punch his face in." Lizzie was surprised at his vehemence but it didn't shock her that she wasn't the only one who's dislike of Darcy made her feel violent. She tried to tease more information from him but Wickham merely smiled at her efforts. "I refuse to talk about him anymore. Tell me about you. I know you're studying, tell me more about that." It wasn't difficult for Lizzie to give him a run down on her work, though at that very moment she found their previous topic of conversation far more engrossing. But his clear interest in her work was flattering and under his warm attention she found herself explaining the outline of her thesis, feeling quietly thrilled that he understood her passions in the area. "That sounds amazing. I always wanted to work my way up to being a vintner. I studied viticulture at uni myself, along with business management. If it wasn't for Darcy, I might be managing a vineyard right now." "Really?" Lizzie didn't even try to disguise her obvious diversion by his words. "Oh yeah, it was always planned that I would take over the position at the Pemberley main estate when the old manager retired, but once Darcy's old man died and the winery was in his hands, that was never going to happen." "But if it was part of his will, how could've the executors allowed it?" "Well, Darcy was one of the executors himself so anything's possible, but really it was more of a deathbed promise than a bequest and Darcy was legally entitled to ignore it. Besides, I never completed my degree in management, as his father died before I could finish it." "His dad was paying for your education?" "Yep. I said that my father had worked for him, well, he died in an accident in his vineyard no less, so his Dad took it upon himself to raise me in his stead and paid for all my education until his death when I was 21." "And Darcy wouldn't continue to do so?" Lizzie felt outraged on Wickham's behalf. "Apparently not." "But surely you could have continued in spite of not having Darcy's support?" "I tried but it was impossible to support myself and finish my education. Darcy's very well connected at the university and industry as you can probably imagine, so it was made sure that I got the shittiest placements under the most difficult of terms. So here I am, stuck on the grape picking circuit." "Why does he hate you so much?" "Fuck knows. I guess I told him what I thought of him often enough, I'm not one of his brown nosers. He doesn't really like it if you don't kiss his arse." Lizzie hadn't noticed him liking being sucked up to anymore than he liked anything else but she nodded her head thoughtfully. "I can't believe he got away with that, surely the other executors would've at least supported you to finish your study?" "I guess I could've fought harder, but I adored his father and I didn't want to drag his name through the courts. Besides, Darcy hated me so much that no matter how much I wanted the job at Pemberley, I couldn't put up with that everyday. I confess, when it came down to it, I just wanted to put it all behind me." Lizzie blew out her breath. "I can understand that feeling. But you should've been compensated." "Yeah well, I revert to my first statement. And his father loved me too. I suppose Darcy was jealous of it. He always tried to show me up when we were kids. The first to point the finger to blame me when we got into trouble." Lizzie shook her head. "I disliked him immediately but I never guessed he could be so unjust in how he's treated you." She paused for a moment, thinking back on her conversations with Darcy the evening before. "He did say to me that his character was resentful. I guess he was exposing himself as more of an arsehole than I realised." "You'll have no disagreement with that from me." Wickham smiled at her, spreading out his fingers out beside hers. "But seriously, Lizzie, I'm not one to live in the past. I get by, in spite of Darcy." Lizzie looked up at Wickham, meeting his eyes with a return smile. She could have answered that it was obvious that Darcy would be jealous of the charm and charisma that Wickham possessed, but she held her tongue. Still, she felt her cheeks warming as she finally replied. "I'm appalled that you were treated like that. That he could do that to someone he grew up with...it's just...just...words fail me at how unfair it is." "I know. My father gave up his dreams of owning his own vineyard to work for Darcy's father. He gave him the best years of his life. But he was the kind of man you would do that for. I think the most unfair outcome is that the old man didn't have the son he deserved." "You're very generous. I don't think I could be so magnanimous." She paused considering for a moment. "Darcy's so full of his own consequence, it makes me wonder how he could lower himself to behave in such a petty way, to so materially damage you." "It's because I didn't matter. Darcy's well aware of his obligations to others but only if he wants something in return. He's always very careful to maintain his status. If he donates to charity, then you can be sure the media will be informed so everyone can marvel at his generosity." "I did think him capricious. You've only proven that to me without doubt." "If you're lucky enough to be his friend or family, then you can be sure to be looked after." "I don't think I like Darcy's method of looking after his friends. I've seen it with my own eyes. What's his sister like?" Wickham rolled his eyes comically. "Just like her brother, as arrogant as they come. As a kid, she was a sweetheart and I spent a lot of time with her but Darcy, of course, poisoned her against me. I haven't seen her for a long time but I've heard Darcy is hyper-protective and controls her every movement. He refuses to let her leave Pemberley to go to a decent school." "I thought that was probably the case." Lizzie shook her head wonderingly. "I don't understand how he can be such good friends with Charles Bingley. He's a lovely guy, though he lets Darcy walk all over him. Do you know him as well?" "Not at all." "If you don't know him, you can bet he doesn't know what Darcy did to you." "I can't imagine that information's something that Darcy really wants to get around." "No, I wouldn't think so. Aren't you just a little tempted to go public with it?" "Yes, but it's only Darcy that I want to revenge myself on, not the whole family. Besides, can you imagine the tabloid frenzy I'd have to endure? No, thank you. Since Gina Rinehart's son went off the market, he's the local gossip column's favourite son." Lizzie blinked at his description of Darcy. It made sense that his wealth and his looks would make him a media darling but it hadn't struck her that this was something Darcy would seek out. Wickham swallowed the last of his pint and checked his phone, which had been constantly flashing with message alerts. "Lizzie, I wish I could stay and take you out for dinner but I have to go see a man about a dog. I'm sorry to cut this short." Lizzie felt a little on her back foot by the abrupt ending to their date. "That's ok, I should get home and do some reading anyway. The past few days have put me well behind on my research." Wickham waited while she collected her things before walking her out of the pub to the car park, placing his hand on her arm before she could unlock her vehicle. "Do you want to come out surfing with me on Friday morning? I'd really like to see you again soon." "I'd love to, I haven't been out on my board in ages but I can't, I have to work, damn it. I could go Saturday instead though?" "Saturday it is." Wickham stood for a moment looking down at her, his eyes bright. Lizzie's breath caught, thinking he was about to kiss her but instead his mouth just twisted up into a grin. "I'll be seeing you later then, Lizzie Bennet." Lizzie's own lips curled in response. "Bye, George. I appreciate you telling me what you did earlier. I must've been hard to share. Thanks for trusting me." He twinkled at her, his grin matching hers. "It wasn't hard to tell you, Lizzie. I don't think it would be hard to tell you anything. Thanks for listening to me. I'm sorry if I bored you to death but God knows I've got few enough people to talk to about things like this." The smile on Lizzie's face remained long after he had dropped out of sight of the rear vision mirror, waving to her as she pulled away. She drove home with her thoughts full of his engaging smile and quick wit. It was slightly disappointing that he hadn't kissed her but it was their first date, if she could even call it such. Perhaps he only looked at her as a friend but surely it was impossible to ignore the warm spark of interest in his eyes. A long, plotful chapter. I hope you enjoyed it, let me know if you did. Or if you didn't! Any feedback is always welcome. Thanks for the r's, f's and f's.
Sorry about the delay, festivities and all that. The next chapter won't be so tardy. Thanks for the R's, F's and F's. And Happy New Year! Lizzie should have known better than to disclose any details of her social engagements, romantic or otherwise, to any of her family members besides Jane. The moment that Wickham's panel van pulled up her to the house in the early morning to pick her up for their surfing trip, both Lydia and Kitty appeared, surfboards and wetsuits at the ready. There was no time to intervene before Wickham rolled down his window and encompassed them all with his lazy smile. "Well, isn't this my lucky day. The company of not one, but three beautiful ladies." Lydia tittered a greeting as Lizzie swallowed the snide reply on her lips, half-heartedly returning Wickham's smile instead. She waited a moment for him to say that there was no room in the car for them all but instead he got out of the car to shift things around in the back to fit in the extra gear. Rather than assist loading the car, Lydia slipped into the passenger door to claim the middle spot on the bench seat, giving Lizzie a smirk. "I'm the skinniest so it's best that I sit here. Kitty can sit in the back." Lizzie felt her irritation swell and scowled back at her sister but, rather than expose the more fractured elements of their relationship to Wickham, she slid into the seat next her without comment. Kitty, by turn, wasn't so gracious; her muffled complaints from the back of the van didn't cease until they were halfway to Gracetown. All Lizzie's pleasant anticipation for the date was gone. Instead she couldn't wait get Lydia and Kitty alone, to rip into them for gate crashing her time with Wickham. It didn't help that Wickham himself hadn't intervened but she could give him the credit for at least acting out of politeness. She seethed in silence for the drive, getting more and more cranky as she listened to Wickham and Lydia's trite conversation about mutual friends. They certainly shared more acquaintances than she did with either of them. "So South Point, Lizzie? Or do you want to check out Lefties first" Lydia rolled her eyes and answered before Lizzie could respond. "North Point is ripping this morning. Don't tell me you're too much of a pussy for it?" Wickham let out a chuckle as he caught Lizzie's eye. "I'm game, if you are." "Besides, we can just watch you from the beach if the swell's too big. Right, Lizzie?" Lizzie looked over the bay. The swell was clean and nor so big that it would be a struggle to paddle out. Furthermore, the offshore wind hadn't swung around making south point a sloppy mess. Lizzie knew she was the strongest surfer amongst her sisters, besides Jane, and Lydia and Kitty would most likely be content with displaying themselves on the beach and watching the eye candy rather than braving the water. "I'm game. Conditions are pretty perfect for me." Wickham's grin grew wider. "That's the girl." As they swung into the car park, Lizzie began to regret her decision and ot because of the size of the swell. A familiar black four-wheel drive was already ensconced in one of the best shady spots. Lizzie knew from Jane that Bingley didn't have a heat that day, so with any luck it would just be him out training without the rest of his entourage. She squinted her eyes over the break to see if she could recognise any of the distant figures and immediately found Charlie's blonde head and the dark one belonging to his best friend close by. As she watched, Darcy caught a wave and though she thought his board was a bit big for the conditions, his control was all class. The water broke over him in a perfect barrel, enveloping him for an extended moment before he pulled up from the close out. Lizzie could see his face break into a delighted smile, his exhilaration palpable. "Lizzie, are you sure you're up for this? We can go check out the conditions at Lefties if you think it's too big." Even though Lizzie had been tempted to suggest the same thing, his words made her resolve not to let Darcy intimidate her. She didn't know whether Wickham's words were due to his desire to avoid Darcy or if he was truly concerned for her ability to manage the break. "I grew up on the breaks around here and I'll know when it's too big for me. I can always go out the back if I get tired. Besides," she gave him a knowing smile, "the only sharks out there on a day like today are the land dwelling kind and I think you and I can handle them." Despite the chill in the morning air, Kitty and Lydia had stripped to their bikinis and were splashing at each other in the shallows before Lizzie had her wetsuit half on. She pondered whether to tell her sisters not to follow her out, but ultimately decided that any inference from her that they couldn't handle the conditions would more encourage them than anything. She zipped up her wetsuit and grabbed her board, following Wickham into the water without saying a word to either of them. The break was pretty crowded but Lizzie managed to catch a few satisfying waves before the wind conditions began to change and the water began getting choppy. She waited for the set to pass and paddled beyond the reef to take a rest. The warmth of the sun and the gentle rock of the waves pulled her into such a relaxed reverie that when a voice called her name she nearly tumbled into water when she tried to sit up. "So you surf too, Lizzie. I didn't know." Darcy was paddling toward her, his powerful shoulders swiftly crossing the water between them until he pulled up beside her. She suppressed the immediately contrary response that came to mind; as much as she wanted to tell him that she only hung out with her board at the beach for the cool factor, it was a little hard to sell when she was floating 50 metres off the coast. No other response was at hand so she just raised her eyebrow. "As you see." "That was a pretty sweet wave you took back there, you must have thought about going pro? You look good enough." "I could ask you the same question." He shook his head, giving her an easy smile. "No time for that." "But somehow I do have time?" "I only asked if you'd thought about it." "I can honestly say, I've never thought about going pro." The words were factually untrue, but Lizzie didn't think what she had decided at ten years old really counted. "And if you think I'm ok then you should see Jane. She's far better than me." "I've seen her, she'd technically awesome but youyou have more style. You were fearless out there." It hadn't been Darcy that Lizzie had hoped to impress with her form on a surfboard but she couldn't help but feel flattered at Darcy's words and the way his dark eyes crinkled at her so warmly. She dropped her gaze, wondering why her cheeks felt so hot. "I know this break like the back of my hand. My dad took me out here for the first time on my 13th birthday, when I got my first short board, but I've been watching people surf here since I was in nappies." His eyes followed hers to survey his board. "I stupidly didn't bring all my boards with me. This bloody thing responds like a plank of wood out there." "You seemed to be doing ok." Darcy had been doing more than ok but Lizzie didn't feel like heaping superlatives on his surfing prowess. As she spoke, Wickham appeared over the crest of the wave before them. He was grinning and waving but as he saw who she was with, his face stilled and he dropped back to his board out of sight behind the swell. Lizzie looked back to Darcy to read his response but he was already paddling away from her. Lizzie could only see his back as his board moved toward the beach. Given the story Wickham had told her, she hadn't expected any meeting between the two men to go particularly well. But Darcy's lack of civility could only make Lizzie think he was embarrassed by what had transpired between Wickham and he. The thought preoccupied her as she paddled back to shore, letting the drift of the waves carry her to the sand. She didn't have an opportunity to discuss Darcy's behaviour with Wickham; when Lizzie had suggested going for a walk together after he dropped she and her sisters off, he had smiled regretfully, speaking of a prior engagement and left Lizzie with her sisters at their front door. He did, however, manage to arrange a date to see a movie with her later that week, adding in her ear, while Lydia and Kitty were distracted with their gear, that it would be nice to see her alone. His words were enough to warm her feelings toward him, which had distinctly cooled by the confusingly inconsistent attitude he had shown towards her in the times they had spent together. But even alone, their date on the following Wednesday wasn't anything special. Most of their conversation consisted of Lizzie complaining about having to go to the Bingley party. "Are you going to go? I'm trying to find any possible reason to get out of it." "I haven't exactly got an invitation." "That won't matter. You could come with me." "I'd really like to go with you, Lizzie, but I'll have to try and see you there. I've got a couple of other things going on that day." It was becoming increasingly difficult to pin Wickham down and Lizzie was starting to wonder whether she even wanted to. When she had his full attention, his charm could make her swoon but, despite his confidences, she couldn't help but feel that she wasn't one of his first priorities. It made her start to wonder how much Wickham's difficult childhood had messed him up, giving him some serious trust issues. Still, he had kissed her goodbye by the car at the end of the evening, even if he had cut their meal short again after another urgent text message from a friend. The kiss had been nice enough, though nothing that set her stomach fluttering. Jane's romance, in distinct contrast to her own non-version, had been getting warmer by degrees. There had been more than one night in the final week of the pro tour competition that her sister hadn't returned home at all. By the dreamy attitude her sister displayed when Lizzie had finally managed to catch up with her, the increase in intimacy in her relationship with Bingley had been a highly satisfactory. "He's perfect, Lizzie. I never thought I'd meet anyone like him. He told me he wants to buy a house around here. He even asked me to help him look." Lizzie smiled at Jane's gush of words. She couldn't help but enjoy seeing her usually reserved sister in such a state of delight. "You have to check there's enough cupboard space for linens. And adequate rooms for at least 6 children, it wouldn't do for Bingley's children to have to share a room, you know." Jane blushed. "Lizzie! You sound exactly like Mum when I told her. It's not like he's asked me to move in with him or anything." "What are you doing telling Mum things like that, you know it'll only encourage her. My teasing, at least, won't be heard outside these four walls." Jane looked stricken and Lizzie immediately regretted her words, though she still thought her sister should have learnt more restraint with over-sharing personal information with their parents. "God, I know. I knew I shouldn't have as soon as the words left my mouth, but I just couldn't help it. You were out and I had to tell someone." "I'm sure it's ok. Who's Mum going to tell that matters?" Their mother's social circle was small and viciously interested in gossip but most information was generally just dissected between them. "That's just it. Bingley invited the whole family to his party this weekend. Mum and Dad are definitely coming." "Oh." Lizzie failed to find any more reassuring words for Jane at all. "Is it too late to say I'm washing my hair that night?" "Yes, you cow. You're not abandoning me in this. In fact I'm going to commandeer your time to help me set up there tomorrow." Her tone grew more conciliatory. "Come on, Lizzie, I know you're not working and it's only us plus the Bingley's and Darcy setting it up. We only have wait staff on. And as much as I like Caroline, she'll be useless when it comes to setting up an event." "Just park her next to the champagne fountain to keep her out of the way. It's ridiculous, Janey, surely Bingley has enough cash to hire some more staff?" "Well, yes, there's some but I stupidly told him that we could handle most of it and, Lizbat, it has to be perfect. Please come and help me, I need you." Of course there was no way that Jane's pleading looks could fail to win her sister over so, the following day, Lizzie found herself tasked with the job of decorating Bingley's garden. To make the situation even more uncomfortable, Darcy had been assigned her assistant, or rather she his, as his greater height was required to position the lanterns Jane had designated for the trees surrounding the property. They hadn't yet said a word to each other, engrossed in their own arrangements of candles and garden lights but once Lizzie had exhausted her supply of decorative objects she was forced to go and assist Darcy with the placement of the lights in the trees. He barely acknowledged her greeting, only grunting at her when she passed him a lantern to save him climbing down. She gave him at least a minute to make some other response before she had to make some kind of comment. "The lanterns will look very pretty against the sunset." Lizzie waited another moment for a response but he remained mute. "It's your turn to say something, Darcy. Perhaps you could say how well they'll light the trees? Or is that lantern so diverting you can't hold up an end of a conversation?" Darcy responded from his position on the ladder with a chuckle. "I am pretty distracted by this right now, so whatever you think I should say, imagine I've said." "I guess I can do that. I'll try and keep it civil." Lizzie looked up at Darcy's bemused face and deepened her voice. 'Lizzie, don't you think up lighting is so much more effective for parties than down lighting?' Why, yes, Darcy, I always prefer it at my dos. No one wants a light shining in their face." Darcy climbed down as she spoke, flashing her an odd smile before moving the ladder to the next branch and taking the lantern Lizzie passed to him. "There, now we don't have to speak again at all, at least for a while. Perhaps later I can comment on the variety of plants there are in the garden and then you can tell me how beautiful the view looks from up there on the ladder." The branches hid Darcy's expression but his words were amused. "Do you usually insist on conversation while you work?" "Not really, I'd usually hope that insistence wasn't necessary. But sometimes the effort at conversation is harder than the work itself and the resulting silence can make even the most extroverted people uncomfortable. In such cases, I find it helpful to offer meaningless commentary, to delay the inevitable awkwardness for as long as possible." "And this is for your benefit or mine?" "Both. You see, if we look too sullen, Caroline will come over and make it even worse." Lizzie shook out the next lantern and passed it to his reaching hand. "I'm beginning to be sure that there's great deal of similarity in our attitudes toward life. We're both entirely too self absorbed and antisocial to really give a toss what other people think." Darcy focused on the securing the next rope, his reply dry. "I can't imagine that's a true reflection of your own character. I won't comment on its similarities to mine, though I think your mind is made up." Lizzie laughed despite herself. "Meaningless commentary, remember, Darcy. I wouldn't trust anything I'm saying." Darcy shot a wry look at her from his high post but didn't reply. The conversation lapsed again and Lizzie looked around the property at the various activities being undertaken. A floor had been laid on the lawn in front of a DJ booth, where Caroline was fussing, and Jane and Bingley had emerged onto the deck and were setting up a comprehensive bar. At least Jane was trying to. Bingley seemed to be spending more of his time distracting her from it, trying to sneak his arms around her waist while she laughingly slapped him away. "Do you go surfing often? You look as though you've spent a lot of time on the water." Darcy's question drew her attention back to him and she met his eyes directly. "Not as much as I used to. The other day was my first time out in ages. In fact, when I saw you I was with someone who claims to be an old acquaintance of yours." The courage to press the issue further deserted Lizzie and she took a deep breath to muster herself. Darcy's face lost its open expression, taking on a bitter twist as he fidgeted with the knot securing the lantern he was hanging. After an uncomfortable pause, he looked down at her again. "George Wickham knows a lot of people. He'll always find new friends to replace the ones he loses." "Clearly you are one of those he's lost. And in ways that damage his life far more than could be caused by just losing a friendship." Darcy climbed down the ladder but instead of confronting her over her provocative speech, he just moved to the next tree and climbed up to hang the next lantern. Lizzie followed him with the remaining few lights and though she couldn't see his face, she knew he was having trouble digesting her words. She was about to probe further when Mr Lucas rounded the side of the house, his coarse voice booming across the lawn. "Why here's Lizzie and Darcy, and doing a bloody good job by the looks of it. I reckon that's some of the best decor for a party I've seen around here. I must tell the missus to find some of them lanterns for our next do. You two have the knack of it, eh Lizzie?" Mr Lucas looked up to the deck at Bingley and Jane, continuing before Lizzie could respond to the nudge he gave her. "Reckon they'd be bloody perfect for a wedding too. You'll probably be wanting to keep these by, Darce, by the looks of it you'll be needing 'em again soon enough." He gave Lizzie another elbow, smiling at her bewildered face. "I'll be off then, just came by to drop off more grog for Bingley, can never have enough round here. Can you let him know I came through? I don't want to interrupt the love birds." Mr Lucas cocked his eyebrow as he gave Lizzie a knowing look. "Looks like I'm interrupting something here as well. You can stop giving me daggers, Lizzie. I know where I'm not wanted. I'll see you all later on." Neither Lizzie nor Darcy said anything in reply to Mr Lucas as he departed. Lizzie internally cringed at his bombastic manner but what Darcy felt she couldn't ascertain. His expression was guarded as he looked up at Bingley and Jane canoodling on the deck. "I think we're done here. I can finish the last of these. Do you want to go and help out up there, otherwise we'll never get everything sorted before tonight."
Sorry about the delay. Life has been getting in the way of my muse. This picks up straight after the last chapter. References to sex and drug use. This is M rated after all. A question for you, my dear readers, how explicit do you want this story? Thanks for the r's, f's and f's. And of course, the only thing that belongs to me is the bad editing. Lizzie found there hadn't much more to do to help prepare Bingley's house for his party once the bar set up was finished. They completed it at a miraculous rate once she interrupted her sister and Bingley canoodling on the deck. It was harder work getting Jane to stop fussing and into the car so they could leave to get ready. On their arrival home, Jane went straight to their room to use the shower, leaving Lizzie to go up to the main house to find the whole family gathered in the kitchen. A conference was underway about their father's desire to beg off from attending the event. Priscilla was having none of it. "You always do this, Frank. But I'm not letting you get away with it this time. For once I insist on going to a party with my husband on my arm." "I've got to get up early, pet. You can still go. No one'll miss me." "I'll miss you and besides, who'll dance with me?" Lydia flounced into a chair, her attitude complete disdain. "Mum, it's not a party at the bowls club. Old people won't be dancing. Bingley's getting a DJ from Sydney and everything." "I know how to dance, Lyddy. I'm sure I can show you a few moves." Priscilla wiggled her hips and tried to drag her daughter up from the chair. Lydia stood up, though she tore her hands free rather than joining her mother's impromptu display. "Mum, don't be so embarrassing! It'd be much better if both you and Dad stayed home." "I'm not embarrassing am I, Frank? You tell 'em about meeting me in that nightclub in Perth in 1987. I could pull some moves then, I tell you. Calling me an old person, indeed. I'm not so changed now, am I?" She danced up to her husband, who at least humoured her by taking her hands and shaking them up and down. "You couldn't take your eyes off me then. Go on, love, tell 'em." "Mum, we've heard that story so many times I know it off by heart. You wondered who this gruff bloke was and he tried to dance with you and nearly broke your foot." Lizzie slipped out the door as Kitty tersely continued the story of how their parents met. She too could have repeated it word for word. Lydia followed behind her, entering Lizzie and Jane's room to flop heavily onto a bed. "Lizzie, I need to borrow your green shoes. They're not really high enough but nothing else is going to go with my dress. I guess at least they'll be more comfortable for dancing." Lizzie raised her eyebrow and grinned at her youngest sister. "Lyddy, are you sure you're feeling ok? Comfort over looks? I don't believe it." "I'll probably take them off anyway. I plan to be on the dance floor all night." "Yeah, you can borrow them. If you do take them off, don't lose them please." Lizzie thought that once Lydia had what she wanted she wouldn't be able to leave fast enough but she kept lolling on the bed. "Lizzie, I saw George Wickham was pashing Mary King at Denny's place the other night." "He can kiss who ever he likes, Lydia." Despite her nonchalant reply, Lizzie felt a pang tighten her stomach. She turned to the mirror and started inspecting her curly locks. "Do you think I need to wash my hair?" Lydia rolled over onto her side and met her sister's eyes in the reflection. "It's fine, Lizzie. But Mary King is not. Like seriously, have you seen her teeth? And she's got no tits at all. We're all heaps better looking than her." "Lyddy...that'll do thanks. Mary's nice enough." "Not nice enough for Georgie. I reckon he's into her 'cos her dad owns that big winery and has heaps of cash. He still asked me about you but. He wanted to know if you were going tonight or if you'd be home, he said he might drop in and say hello." "He knows I have to go tonight. I don't know why he thought I might change my mind." It wasn't exactly how their conversation had gone the other evening but that wasn't something Lizzie felt like explaining to her youngest sister. The knowledge that Wickham was as free with his lips as he was with his company pressed a weight of disappointment into her chest. Lydia's nattering became unusually intolerable. "If you're going to hang around, Lydia, you can iron my dress for tonight. Remember how you promised to do my laundry when I didn't tell the olds about the Lucas party? It's time to pay up." Before Lizzie had even finished her sentence, Lydia shot off the bed. "I've gotta go make sure Kitty isn't using all the hot water in the house!" "You forgot to take the shoes." Lizzie called out to her swiftly departing figure. Lydia turned and grinned back at her older sister. "It's ok, I got 'em earlier. Ta, Lizzie!" Lizzie gave a deep sigh and rolled her eyes as Jane came out of the bathroom. She looked so radiant that light seemed to be reflecting off her. The stark contrast between Jane's luminosity and her own state made Lizzie feel even flatter. "What's got up you, Lizzie, you look miserable? I heard Lydia in here, what's she been doing now?" "Ugh, I finally meet a guy I think I like and Lydia tells me he's been carrying on with Mary King." "George? But he seemed so nice." "He does seem nice, and it appears I'm not the only one to think so, including him. No wonder he was always having to knick off after our dates. There's probably a whole conga line of girls he's stringing along. Well, they can have him." The crash the ironing board made as she folded it out, was a little more violent than it needed to be. "There'll be heaps of hot guys there tonight, Lizzie. And you look amazing in this dress." Jane put her arm around Lizzie's shoulder. "At least you will, if you don't burn a hole in the bloody thing. Give me that." She lifted the iron from the delicate fabric, putting it safely on the stand before giving Lizzie's hair a tousle. "You go and have a shower. I'll finish this. And no, you don't need to wash your hair. Your curls are sitting perfectly and you don't want to risk going frizzy." "What do you know about frizzy?" Lizzie let out a rueful laugh, giving Jane a hug before taking her advice about the shower. By the time she was done, Jane had not only ironed and hung up her dress but also found the shoes Lizzie planned to wear and matched a wrap to the ensemble in case the weather turned cold. Meanwhile, Jane had also mostly managed to dress herself and pour them both glasses of bubbly. "I've been saving this for a special occasion." Lizzie considered the wisdom of starting drinking on an empty stomach but the offer of Veuve was something she couldn't deny herself. "How can you be so efficient, Janey? I don't know what I'd do without you. Bingley better not take you away from me. Zip me up?" Jane zipped up Lizzie's dress. "That he could never do." The red and black strapless dress had a built in basque so she could forgo a bra and, as she had waxed her legs earlier in the week, stockings could also be abandoned. Lizzie just donned her red patent MaryJane heels and fluffed the petticoat out from under the full 50's style skirt to finish dressing. She was satisfied enough with her reflection - once she had done her hair and makeup, no one would suspect that she had a bruised ego. She left her hair out, letting the curls drift around her bare shoulders. It irritated her when it fell in her eyes though, so she twisted up the errant lock that always fell onto her forehead, pinning it in place with a red velvet flower. Lizzie sipped her champagne and looked at herself in the mirror, feeling a kind of calm recklessness settle on her nerves. The thought of Wickham's conquests had ceased to trouble her, at least not so much as it had earlier. Her reflection stared back at her thoughtfully before she started rummaging through her makeup bag. "Jane? I need red lipstick and I don't have any." "Here, I think this one should suit you." Jane's hand appeared around the bathroom door, waving a black tube. "We need to hurry up, Charlie asked me to help him greet guests so we need to be there early." She exited the bathroom and bent to collect her bag and keys. "Oh, Lizzie, you look amazing." "I think this is an appropriate occasion to vamp it up a bit." Lizzie eyed Jane's white silk shift. It's simplicity set off Jane's long golden hair and her even longer legs. "You're not so bad yourself." Not for the first time, Lizzie was grateful the Bennets didn't own a vehicle large enough to fit every member of the family. She and Jane were going together in Jane's car while the rest of the family were in the sedan. Even Mary was coming, their mother's insistence forcing her to exit her cave of a bedroom for the evening. Lizzie found herself observing the party guests arrival by the bar; she had refused the offer to stand at the entrance with Jane and Bingley. Even if she'd been comfortable with the idea, associating herself as part of Bingley's extended family and entourage seemed presumptuous. That wasn't something Priscilla concerned herself with however. Lizzie gulped down a cocktail as she watched her mother stationed at the door, obsequiously inserting herself into every conversation. Mercifully Lizzie couldn't hear any conversation over the music but it wasn't long until the rest of the assembly scattered. Charlotte rescued her from her lonely cringe fest by passing her another mojito. "The joy of parents, huh?" Lizzie turned to face her friend, placing her back to the room. "God save me from well intentioned mothers. I know she means well, but it's like watching a wounded animal. I want to rescue Jane, but I'm sorry to say that I'm just not selfless enough." "Between your mother and my father, we can't win, so there's no point trying." Charlotte inclined her head to where Mr Lucas was pontificating at length at Caroline and Louisa, entirely oblivious to the incredulous looks they were giving him. "Let's get really drunk." "It's the only solution isn't it. If you can't beat them, join them." Lizzie raised her glass to chink against Charlotte's. "Cheers, my friend, here's to the end of the pro tour. I can't wait until life gets back to normal." "You won't be troubled by so many admirers at least." "What do you mean?" "He's doing it again." "Who is?" "Darcy, he won't stop looking at you. I told you, he wants to get in your pants." Before Lizzie could deny once again that Darcy had ever thought of her in that way, Charlotte grabbed her by the arm. "Speaking of wounded animals, don't turn around. It's Collins and he looks like he's looking for someone to torment. Too late..." Charlotte smiled over Lizzie's shoulder. "Hi Bill, nice to see you. How's Mrs De Bourgh?" Lizzie swallowed her grimace at Charlotte's encouragement of Collins' favourite topic and turned around. "Hello, Charlotte, Elizabeth." Collins nodded his greeting. "Mrs De Bourgh is wonderful, as always. I swear she has the energy of someone half her age. I must say, I think you girls will have more than a little trouble keeping up with her when you come to De Bourgh estate." "We'll have to step up our gym visits, won't we, Lizzie. Oh wait, we aren't members at a gym." "You must remedy that. Mrs De Bourgh is most particular about the fitness of her employees. You'll be pleased to learn I'm sure, that she encourages them all to join her in her morning jog." Charlotte widened her eyes. "How thrilling for us both." Collins surveyed the crowd, a look of smug satisfaction on his features. Lizzie took the opportunity to elbow Charlotte to try and make her desist in her lampooning of their companion but he himself seemed oblivious to her friends sarcasm. "Wait, is that Mr Darcy? I thought I might see him here." Lizzie finally found her voice. "Oh? Do you know him well?" "No, we've never met but he is the nephew of my esteemed employer. I really should go over and introduce myself. I know he'd wish to know how excellent her health is." Charlotte smiled disingenuously at him. "What a wonderful idea, I'm sure Darcy will be most fascinated by Mrs De Bourgh's well being." Collin's nodded his agreement and left them to approach Darcy. Lizzie put down her empty glass and took Charlottes arm. "What on earth did you do that for?" "Why are you complaining? Surely it's better than him inflicting himself on us?" Lizzie couldn't disagree with her friend. She watched Collin's attempts to ingratiate himself with Darcy with a kind of fascinated horror. Although she strained her hearing to try and catch their conversation all she made out were some emphatically uttered 'Mrs de Bourgh's and Darcy's increasingly perplexed expression. Charlotte pushed another cocktail into Lizzie's hand. "I'm getting out of here before he comes back. Do you want to check out the buffet?" Lizzie nodded and followed her friend blindly, nearly walking headlong into Caroline Bingley. "Why, Lizzie, don't you look quaint." "Hello, Caroline." "I hear you're quite smitten with George Wickham. Jane keeps asking me a thousand questions about him. I couldn't recall him at first and then I remembered that he was the son of Pemberley's old vineyard manager Wickham." "Amazing that he would share the same name as his father." "Let me give you some advice." Caroline's eyes narrowed. "Don't trust everything Wickham says. I don't know all the details but I understand that he treated Will appallingly when all he's ever done is try and help him. Will can't bear even hearing his name mentioned. I'm so sorry to reveal your boyfriend's guilt to you, but I couldn't allow a friend to be deceived." "He's not my boyfriend and the only accusation I've heard you make is that he's his father's son." "You don't have to be so huffy, I'm only telling you this out of kindness." "I think your definition of kindness varies immensely from my own." Caroline raised a perfectly manicured eyebrow and turned on her heel, leaving Lizzie alone eyeing the bar again. The interaction with Bingley's sister had killed any desire for food. Lizzie hesitated, thinking she should really have a glass of water before another drink, but Lydia interrupted her thoughts before she could decide. "Lizzie, I made a drink especially for you." Lydia thrust one of the two lurid cocktails she held into Lizzie's hand. "Lydia, what are you doing drinking?" "Mum said I could have one." Lydia's voice grew more emphatic as Lizzie raised her brow disbelievingly. "It's true! Ask her yourself." Lizzie rolled her eyes but sipped the drink nonetheless. "Ugh...it's so sweet. What the hell is it?" "It's a surprise, you'll love it! I guarantee it'll cheer you up." Lydia squealed as she saw Denny and his mates across the crowded floor. "See you on the dance floor, Lizzie." Lizzie held the cocktail as she walked outside onto the deck, leaning over the balcony to watch the DJ. The cloying drink's potency made her shudder and she was tempted to ditch the contents into the garden. "Elizabeth, would you like to take a turn around the dancefloor with me?" Lizzie turned around at the sound of her name. Bill Collins stood before her with his hand outstretched. The gulp of cocktail she took didn't help her come up with an excuse to put him off and before she could even put her glass down he seized her free hand, tugging her down the stairs toward the dancefloor. "Really, Bill, I'm not..." "Nonsense, I saw you looking longingly at the dancefloor. It would be my pleasure to partner you." The situation was hopeless. Lizzie defensively drained the last of her drink and hoped the fast music would preclude Collins being able to dance too close to her. On cue, the DJ swapped the beats for something slower. Collins smiled widely at her. "This is more like it. I think the DJ saw us coming." Lizzie could only stare at him as he slid his arm around her waist and took her fingers in his palm. His very sweaty palm. Collins managed a fairly respectable waltz though; he had far more aptitude than Lizzie. It was all she could do to try and move with him and keep her feet out of the way of his decisive steps. She tried to pull away when the music finished but he retained his hold on her hand and pulled her to him - "Your dress was made for swing dancing" - and then spun her around so she nearly tumbled over in her heels. If Lizzie hadn't felt so embarrassed by the spectacle they were making, she would have found the situation amusing. As it was, the turns and spins Collins swung her into just made feel dizzy and vaguely nauseous. He kept rising his eyebrows as he pulled another move, as if inviting her to express admiration for his proficiency. When he tried to make her dance a third time, Lizzie had had enough. "No, Bill, that's enough, I need a rest." "Let me get you a drink then. Wait here for me." He left her before she could respond and by the speed he was moving, Lizzie knew she had little time before he would return. Crossing the lawn swiftly, she tucked herself into the shadows below the trees she and Darcy had hung lanterns in earlier that day. It took more than a moment to catch her breath. Though she was by no means unfit, the dizziness she had felt on the dance floor wasn't dissipating. Lizzie took a deep breath and leant her head back against the tree, willing her racing heart to slow down. She immediately started to feel better, a sense of wellbeing replacing her nausea. The crashing waves on the nearby shore could still be heard over the music and Lizzie relaxed, letting the combination of sounds wash over her. "Lizzie, why are you lurking in the shrubbery?" The deep voice made Lizzie jump and she turned to find Darcy's handsome face creased with quizzical amusement. "It's a free world isn't it?" Her words came out defensively and she made a small attempt to modify her tone. "I'm being wilfully misunderstanding, aren't I? I should rather say there's someone I'm trying to avoid and so I decided to hide out here for a while." Darcy stiffened. "I'll leave you to it then." "What...you?" Lizzie gave a choke of laughter. "No, it was twinkle toes Collins. He compelled me to dance with him twice and now I can't lose him." Lizzie peered past Darcy's shoulder. "He's coming this way. Hide me. Sorry to use you as my human shield but it's one of those lesser evil type situations." She shrunk further below his shoulder as Collins passed near them, clutching two warming drinks. She gave a sigh of relief as Collins disappeared behind the house. "Thanks, that was close." "Glad to be of service." She looked up at Darcy's face, finding him much closer than she anticipated. So close that she was sure he'd be able to feel the rapid bound of her heart. She stepped back from him, hoping the shadows would help hide the flush she felt spreading from her cheeks down her neck. He cleared his throat and glanced away from her. "We never finished our conversation this afternoon. What were we taking about again?" "That was a conversation? My apologies, I thought we were just making random statements at each other." Lizzie's embarrassment made her response sharper than she really intended but Darcy didn't seem to take offence. "Uh...I know you're studying viticulture. You're doing a masters programme in viticulture, yes? Tell me about your research." "Oh no, I'm not falling for that. You'd be bound to assume that I didn't have enough experience to back up my theories. I don't feel like being disagreeable." "I don't feel like being disagreeable either. You don't know anything of my opinions on the subject." "And I don't think now is the time to find them out. I can't concentrate on academics right now." Instead of dissipating, the flush Lizzie had been feeling seemed to have spread all the way to her toes. It wasn't an unpleasant feeling, in fact it was quite the reverse. The dizzy feeling had changed to something closer to euphoria. "The cocktails Bingley's serving are dangerously potent." "Are you ok, Lizzie? You're really flushed." Before she had time to react, Darcy reached out and laid his fingers against her forehead. His cool skin felt glorious against hers. "And you're really warm. Can I get you some water?" Lizzie's reply came out on a gasp. "No, just don't talk to me of vineyards." She sank down to the ground below the trees, her knees buckling. "Phew, it's really warm. The lawn feels wonderful." "I'll take your word for it. Are you sure I can't get you something?" "Can't wait to get away from me?" Darcy gingerly sat down, leaning on the tree beside her. "No, this is far preferable to making small talk with people I don't know. At least you speak your mind." "Is that an invitation?" A warm wave of sensation made Lizzie shiver. The intimidation she had been feeling in Darcy's presence seemed to have vanished entirely and she felt capable of asking him anything. "You said to me once that you're capable of implacable resentment - that you couldn't ever forgive or forget. But are you always sure that those feelings are justified?" Darcy turned to face her, his eyes questioning. "I am." "So you examine your motives and never just act out of prejudice?" "I like to think so." Her next words came out in a rush. "Because surely it would be unforgivable to let feelings like that fester, if they were improperly placed." "Where are these questions going?" "Nowhere. I'm just trying to work you out." "This feels like a trap." Darcy let out a bemused chuckle. "What's your conclusion?" "It's impossible to say. I find you inexplicable." Darcy shook his head. "I'm sure you've heard all sorts of things about me. I could wish, Lizzie, that you wouldn't believe what you hear." The combination of Darcy's dark look and his whispered tones swept another dizzying rush over Lizzie. She leant against the trunk, acutely aware that her bare arm was pressed closely against the shirt sleeve encasing his firm bicep but unable to shift away. "If I believed half the things 99 percent of people say about then I'd think you were superhuman." "And the 1 percent?" Lizzie turned toward him, finding his face so close to hers she could feel his breath against her cheek. The sensation elicited a shudder through her and she blinked slowly, trying to unmuddle her thoughts. A little voice in her head told her that she was out of her mind but Lizzie found it easy to silence. "What? I don't remember what we were talking about." A smile broke across Darcy's mouth, lightening his somber features and making it nigh on impossible for Lizzie to resist the impulse to press her own lips against it. Darcy responded immediately, drawing his hand up her bare shoulders until they cradled her neck, drawing her further into the kiss. Lizzie couldn't think of anything that had ever felt so good as his fingers curling into her hair. She could barely think at all. There was nothing tentative about the way their lips moved together. Lizzie curled her legs underneath her and shifted around so she could face Darcy more fully, almost moving onto his lap so she could press closer to his chest. He gripped her hips, helping her straddle his thighs as she wrapped her arms around his neck. The long strokes his hands ran over her hips and down her legs made Lizzie gasp up into his mouth. He had an unfair advantage in his access to her exposed skin, kissing a path from her lips and down her neck, pausing at the base of her throat to nuzzle into the softness there. "Lizzie..." She felt the syllables of her name against her skin as his mouth laid bare a path to the neckline of her dress. Her fingers fluttered at his shirt, trying to find passge underneath the fabric but his lips were so distracting all she could do was fumble. Instead she went lower, running her hands down Darcy's lower back to grasp his firm buttocks and shifting her hips to his. It was as though she'd sent an electric current though him. A low hum rumbled in his chest as he raised his head to hers again, meeting the welcome of her lips with an intensity that fed her own lust. His hands moved under her skirt to her arse, moving with the grind of her hips as she pressed against him. "Lizzie...will you...come to my room?" Each word was punctuated with lingering kiss. "There are things I want to do to you that just aren't safe to consider here." Lizzie knew what she was doing was wrong and that she'd regret it, but she found she was incapable of denying the urge to assent to his offer. Instead exhilaration tingled through her loins. She sat back on his thighs, already missing the hot press of his body against her own. Her traitorous hands already toying with the buttons on his loosened shirt. Darcy wrapped his fingers over hers. "Lizzie?" Lizzie tightened her grip on the fabric and pulled him closer. "Yes, Darcy, I would very much like to go to your room." She moved to get off him but he tugged her back to kiss her again, almost moving them back into the same dangerous territory. When he finally released her and she tried to stand up, her legs were so shaky she had to slide her arms back around Darcy's neck so she could find her balance. Or so she told herself. The long slow kisses Darcy laid upon her mouth didn't help her equilibrium either. She had to take a few deep breaths before she felt collected enough to follow his tall form across the lawn to a secluded side entrance to the house. He took her hand as she caught up to him at the door. "It's probably best to keep this quiet. I don't think either of us wants to draw too much attention here." The bright light inside after the shadows they had lingered in made it hard for Lizzie to focus; everything seemed to be swimming. She giggled to herself and wrapped her arm around Darcy's waist to keep her balance. "No, can you imagine the scene?" Her soaring emotions fell slightly at the thought of being caught with Darcy in such a compromising position. When they reached the top of the stairs she dropped her arm and withdrew slightly from his side, feeling shy and unsure. "This is just a...a thing isn't it? No one needs to know." "I can be discrete, Lizzie. Whatever this thing is." Darcy took her hand in his and guided her up another small flight of stairs. She hadn't noticed them during her brief stay previously at the house. The warmth of his palm threaded up her arm toward her chest making her feel breathless again. The room they finally arrived at was at the very top of the house. Large windows encompassed the entire view of the bay. Lizzie stood before them, not watching the moon's slow rise over the water, but rather Darcy behind her in the reflection of the glass. He ran his palms down her arms. "Are you sure..." Lizzie turned around a cut his words off with her lips, not wanting to let him finish his question; not sure what she was doing at all.
It's been so long. Sorry about the wait! The sense of peace Lizzie woke to was only temporary. She enjoyed her first few moments of wakefulness, sunk sleepy and warm in soft feather bedding, before sitting up with a jolt. Darcy lay facing her, deeply asleep, the dawn light illuminating the dark lashes that fanned an unfairly thick shadow over the curve of his cheekbone and the bed linen draped low on his bare chest. As she watched, he rolled over onto his back, the movement dragging the sheet precariously lower. Though Lizzie could recall every inch of his skin from the evening before, she clenched her eyes shut as she tugged the soft linen back up over his stomach to his chin. "Shit!" The scale of her hangover became apparent the moment she slipped out of Darcy's bed and tripped over the clothes on the floor in her haste to get to a glass of water on the bedside table. She eyed Darcy while she drank, trying to collect her thoughts. Her behaviour the night before was so uncharacteristic she could hardly believe her memories were her own. But unfortunately she could remember every moment and every moan in graphic detail. The throb increased in her temples. Lizzie wasn't innocent of a few regrettable one night stands, nor was she unfamiliar with recreational drug use. Her undergraduate days had been spent mostly with her head deep in her books but Charlotte's wilder influence and her own insatiable curiosity meant she was familiar enough with the side effects of mind altering substances to know she'd been spiked. It didn't take even her overburdened brain to settle on the obvious conclusion. "Lydia. I'm going to kill her." The words left her lips with such vehemence she looked sharply at Darcy, but he didn't stir. Her next words were uttered more cautiously. "I've got to get out of here." She found her dress in a crumpled heap at the foot of the bed. Despite her efforts to shake it out, the unforgiving fabric was irrevocably creased. There was little choice but to put the ruined thing on and look as though she'd crawled backward through a bush in a wind storm. She struggled with the zip while she scanned the room for the rest of her belongings. "Good morning, Lizzie." Lizzie looked up from her search to find Darcy looking lazily at her. She cursed softly under her breath before answering. "It is morning, Darcy, but I wouldn't call it good." "Are you ever going to call me Will?" "What?" Lizzie gave the room another frantic once over, but couldn't see her shoes nor underwear. She gave up and marched to the door. "Never mind. I have to go." She turned the handle and was halfway into the hallway when the reality of walking out of Darcy's bedroom, barefoot, pantsless and generally dishevelled, caught up with her. She pulled the door shut again and rested her head against the cool paintwork. "You've got to get me out of here without anyone seeing me." Darcy didn't answer, leaving her to turn around and face him. He raised one eyebrow when he finally spoke. "I suppose that would make things less complicated." "If no one sees me, then it's not complicated at all. We can pretend this never happened." Darcy blinked, amusement curling on his lips. "It would be certainly preferable for both of us if you didn't run smack into Caro on your way from my room. It's happened to me so often, you should probably be worried." "It's not funny, Darcy. You know as well as I do that it was a mistake and if... I hadn't been...if I'd been myself last night, this never would have happened." Lizzie rubbed her hands against her eyes, trying to press away the vivid imagery that sprung into her mind. "I can't believe we let that happen." Darcy rolled onto his back, all humour dropping from his expression. "Given the fairly antagonistic nature of our...acquaintance up until this point, I didn't think what happened last night was the most likely thing to occur." He narrowed his eyes at her. "But it's not entirely implausible." "It's impossible! We...you...never... Look, I wasn't myself." Lizzie didn't want to voice her suspicions. "I was drunk...and in need of a boost and... You were convenient." "I was convenient. I see." "Yes." Lizzie finally managed to locate her missing shoes half hidden behind a desk and crawled onto the floor to retrieve them. She stayed down on the carpet longer than necessary, finding it easier to express her thoughts without having Darcy's intent gaze upon her. "So that's it then? We're not going to talk about this." "Yes... No...There's nothing to talk about. So if you would just go and check the coast is clear, we can both get on with our lives." Shooting a glance at Darcy, Lizzie sat on the chair and leant over to fasten the straps of her heels. He wasn't looking at her as he rolled off the bed and stood up, wrapping the sheet around his waist, giving Lizzie an eyeful of his long lean musculature. She followed at a safe distance behind him as he perfunctorily checked the landing. "I can still hear people around downstairs, but there's no one upstairs." "Th...thanks." Not knowing what else to say, Lizzie skirted around Darcy, careful to not brush against him as she passed. "Lizzie, wait." Lizzie stopped and looked back at Darcy, meeting his eyes for a long moment. "If you go out there with your zip half down, the gig's up." He stepped up behind her, pushing her hair out of the way to fumble with her dress fastening. The brush of his fingertips across her back made her squeeze her eyes shut, trying to control the quiver that ran over her. Lizzie wasn't sure what she waited for but she didn't feel able to remove herself from the enveloping presence behind her, but when Darcy spoke again his voice had retreated to the safety of his bedroom door. "Goodbye, Elizabeth Bennet, I will or I won't see you around, I guess." The second story of the house was indeed empty though she could hear voices from the rooms below. At least Darcy hadn't sold her out and abandoned her to the mercy of his housemates. She scuttled down the stairs, trying to smooth her curls before she ran into anybody. The living room was a mess of empty glasses and comatose bodies on couches. None of which, thankfully, Lizzie could recognise as members of her own family. She checked her phone, finding messages from Jane wondering where she was, and that furthermore, she had left her car unlocked, with the keys on the sun visor, so Lizzie could make an escape if she needed. Lizzie drew a grateful breath as she walked out of the back door, already imagining herself tucked into her own bed. "Lizzie, there you are! Where have you been, we've been looking all over for you." By the way Priscilla was sprawled in a chair, it didn't look like she could even see, let alone search for her daughter. Her voice grew coyly salacious as she waved her champagne glass at her daughter. "Did you get lucky, Lizzie girl? Come on, tell your mum." Lizzie blinked in the morning light as she looked around at the wreckage that remained of Bingley's party decor. She also noticed Mary fast asleep in a deck chair, though Kitty and their father were nowhere to be seen. "You're still here. I thought you would have gone by now. Where is everyone else? I'll drive you all home if Dad's too drunk." "Frank went to sleep in the car hours ago, he'll be right as rain, and Lyddy's over there, chatting up that nice DJ boy. You just missed Bing and Jane though, they retired for the evening." Priscilla slurred into her glass. "Though with a drunk Kitty asleep on his bed, I can't imagine it'll be that much fun for them. Now have a drink with me while you confess where you've been all this time? The party's not over 'til the last guest leaves, and I'm still willing and ready." "I had a nap on the spare bed, I was tired. I'm going home, Mum, you should too." Lizzie looked around and inwardly wilted when she met Caroline's disdainful eyes peering at her from the deck. "Mum, the party's over. It's really time to go." She tried to prise Priscilla's champagne flute from her hand but her mother snatched it back and skulled the contents, spilling much of it down the front of her dress. "It's been such a lovely party, let's go and thank our hosts." Priscilla gestured toward Caroline and Louisa as she staggered to her feet. "They won't want us to go yet." Lizzie left her Mum to her mission, knowing she was so drunk she'd be oblivious to the inevitable snub, and went to wake her Dad instead. Getting herself and her family out of the party took far longer than Lizzie anticipated, though her difficulties shouldn't have surprised her. It didn't help that it all took place under the scornful gaze of Caroline and her sister. They sat on the deck, smirking at Lizzie's efforts, making her feel more and more that she was trapped in a nightmare. Finally she managed to rouse her Dad and make sure he was ok to drive; wake the disorientated Mary; and drag a reelingly intoxicated Lydia away from the randy DJ, herding her errant family members into the car. Kitty she abandoned to Jane. There was no way Lizzie was going to walk up those stairs again. If she did she might find herself climbing back into to Darcy's bed as an option far preferable to going with her family. Lizzie hesitated before squeezing herself into the back seat of the ute beside the complaining Lydia, thinking regretfully of Jane's available car. She was never more grateful than to get home to her own room when the interminable drive was finally over. She collapsed into her bed and pulled her pillows over her head, physically exhausted but unable to still her racing mind. It wasn't the first round with Darcy that really stung her - she could at least attest that to a collapse of morals and an artificially enhanced libido. It was the second time that she couldn't stop dwelling on. She had awoken at some godless hour of the night, feeling strangely lucid, despite her little sleep and looming hangover. Darcy's face was soft and open in sleep, achingly handsome, with a vulnerability that surprised her. Lizzie watched him for an extended moment before the glow on the horizon had drawn her out of bed to the window and she had pressed her warm cheek against the cool glass, watching the stars slowly blinking. Listening to bedclothes rustle and then the slow pad of footsteps approaching. "There's this beautiful naked girl in front of me. And although this view is something I've wanted to see for some time." Darcy's lips brushed against her ear, the material evidence of his appreciation pressing insistently against her hip. "She should come back to bed." The languorous kisses he compelled her back between his sheets with had deepened to something more tender than Lizzie had been prepared for. She felt traitor to her own reason that the memory had the power to make her shiver still. That slow sleepy hour of the night had been their own, bare of the clumsy euphoric pleasure of the first encounter, in it's place something more intimate that Lizzie had trouble making herself forget. Lizzie longed to drop into the oblivion of sleep so that she could at least forget about the night for a little while, but it proved elusive, leaving her drifting instead somewhere between wonder and shame. The disturbance of Jane's body flopping on the bed beside her dragged her from her bittersweet reverie and she rolled over, tucking her arm around her sister's waist. "God, Janey, what a night." Jane let out a sigh. "You didn't even see the worst of it. It was awful, Lizzie. Lydia and Kitty were just going nuts on the dance floor and Mum kept trying to join them and they'd just ignore her in the most embarrassing way. Mary wouldn't stop interfering with the DJ and meanwhile Dad's snoring in a chair." Jane snuggled up closer to her. "And you just disappeared. Where were you?" "I...I had a nap. I was feeling pretty weird. I think Lyddy might have spiked my drink. She didn't give anything to you did she?" "What? Are you sure? I remember her handing me a cocktail but I never drank it. I hardly had a drop all night I was so stressed." "I haven't confronted her yet, but I'm pretty sure. Alcohol alone couldn't make me feel the way I did." Jane groaned and pulled a pillow over her head. "Oh, God. A party I help arrange for Bingley and his friends and sponsors, and my family display their very worst behaviour. Except you of course, darling, you weren't around to contribute to my trauma. Nor smooth it over either." Jane's voice was reproachful. "Believe me, Janey, my behaviour was probably worse than anyone's." "What did you do?" Lizzie tried to muster up some words to tell Jane of the previous night but felt unable to cope with even her gentle sister's scrutiny. "You don't want to know." Jane raised her eyebrows. "I think I do." "No seriously, Jane, I'll tell you when I'm ready. Right now I'm barely able to admit it to myself." Jane looked perplexed but didn't press her. It was rare for Lizzie not to share everything with her sister. She would have to understand how troubled Lizzie felt if she couldn't even confide in her. With Jane beside her, Lizzie finally slept. She awoke a few hours later, desperately thirsty and considerably low in spirit, only hoping that time would allow her some distance. That and physical distance from Darcy. Seeing him again was impossible. At least the end of the Pro tour would mean he would surely be leaving the district imminently. The downside to that was of course that Bingley might be leaving as well and Lizzie ached at the thought her sister might be impelled to follow him, wherever he went. She forced herself out of bed, a cup of tea and the long shower she took doing at least something to restore her physical wellbeing. When she went up to the main house, all was quiet, her family clearly sleeping off their excesses. Except for her father. The low hum of the tractor across the paddock indicated that at least one member of the family was capable of doing more than lying around all day. As little as Lizzie wanted to see Lydia, she had to confront her as soon as possible to establish some kind of truth about the night before. She walked up to her youngest sister's room and pulled the door open, with no regard for the 'keep out' sign plastered across it. Lydia was fast asleep in a tangle of sheets. Lizzie stripped them off her and threw them into the corner of the room. Lydia sat bolt upright. "What the fuck, Lizzie!" "I'm asking you the same question. What the fuck did you put in my drink last night?" Lydia turned her face sulkily into her pillow. "I don't know what you're talking about." "You know exactly what I'm talking about. What did you do, Lydia?" It took time for Lydia to confess. Lizzie was forced to use threats, coercion and then finally tears to get her sister to own up to her actions. By that time Lydia was crying as well. "I'm sorry, Lizzie. It was only half a pill, he said it would barely do anything. I had..." "Who's this 'he'?" "I was...I was talking to some guy from the tour, I...I can't remember his name, and he offered it to me and I didn't want him to think I was just some kid. I thought if my sister could share it with me, it would be ok." Lydia's voice trailed off. "Have you any idea how dangerous that was? Jesus, Lydia, how could you be so stupid?" "It was fun though, wasn't it?" "No! It was fucking awful, what a thing to say! Imagine if Jane had drunk that. She was the host, Lydia, how can you be so irresponsible? What the hell was it anyway?" Lydia started crying again. "I don't know. I think it was ecstasy, he called it a flipper. I thought you might enjoy it, Lizzie." "You didn't do anything stupid did you, Lydia? You didn't sleep with him or anything for it?" "No! Of course he wanted to get into my pants but...as if!" Lydia raised her face from her hands. "Lizzie, please don't tell Dad." "How the hell can I not tell him, Lydia? Dad'll be crushed over this." "I know! And he'll try and find out who it was, and want to kill him and...Lizzie! It was a stupid thing to do, but no one was hurt. I'm so sorry, Lizzie. I'll never do it again. Please don't tell." Lizzie dropped to the bed beside her sister. "Why do you always put me in this position? You make it so hard for me to do the right thing." Lizzie reflected that telling her parents would do nothing. Bar tying Lydia up in her room, they had little chance of controlling her. "You should tell them yourself, Lyddy. I think that would upset them less than if I told them what you did. I'm too pissed off at you." "Do I have to tell them straight away?" "Let's put it this way, if you don't tell them by Monday, I'll have to do something about it." Lydia nodded. "I'm sorry, I really mean it, Lizzie." Lizzie stood up and went to the door. "I think you're sorry about getting found out. I don't trust you as far as I could throw you. Tell mum and dad before I do." The commotion from Lydia's room had stirred the rest of the house, even though the sound of raised voices wasn't an unusual occurance. Lizzie decided the only way to manage the shitstorm to come was on a full stomach. She rummaged through the kitchen for enough eggs, bacon, bread and mushrooms to feed her no doubt slightly sorry and very ravenous family as well as herself. The smell of bacon seemed to draw her her family from their rooms. One by one they slunk in to sit around the kitchen table. By the time Lizzie was laying out plates, all of the family except Lydia were there, her father having come in with his usual sixth sense that food was soon to be had. Jane came to help her put the dishes of food on the table but there was no opportunity to discuss what had passed between her and Lydia. Halfway through the meal, Lydia joined the table, her eyes not meeting Lizzie's as she sullenly took the last of the bacon and wrapped it in a piece of bread. "Lizzie and I had our drinks spiked last night." The statement was given so nonchalantly, Lizzie nearly choked on her eggs. "What? Lydia..." Lydia cut her off, raising her pitch. "It's true! This guy tried to take advantage of me in the worst way! It's lucky I gave Lizzie half of it so he didn't assault me." Priscilla looked shaken and her Dad angry. "Who is this bastard, Lyddy. He needs to be sorted out." "I can't remember his name, I'd never seen him before, Dad. He was really pushy." Lizzie tried again. "That doesn't exactly add up with the story you told me, Lydia." "It's true, Lizzie. I was scared, I didn't know what he was going to do to me!" Priscilla started to cry with high trembling sobs. "My Lyddy, my baby..." She stood up and took her youngest daughter into her arms. "Oh sweetheart, you must be more careful. I'm not surprised anyone would spike your drink, you're such an attractive young woman. And so quick thinking to pass off your drink to Lizzie." Lizzie rolled her eyes. "If this is true, which I doubt, how was it better for Lydia to give me her drink rather than just tip it out?" "Lizzie! How can you doubt your sister? Oh my poor, sweet Lyddy!" Her mother glared at Lizzie over the top of Lydia's head. "And you, you greedy thing, you just drank it, without knowing what it was! You should know better." "I should know better? She gave it to Jane as well!" Priscilla gasped. "Janey, is this true?" Jane looked uncomfortable. "Lydia gave me a drink, but I didn't have any of it. I don't know what it was." "Can't a girl give her sister a drink and not be accused of trying to poison her?" Lydia's words were barely audible through a fresh gush of tears. Frank looked aggrieved. "Are you girls feeling alright? You're not sick are you, Lizzie? I should take you both to the doctor." "No, I'm fine, dad. But Lydia is taking the innocent act a little too far." Lydia started sobbing louder. "Lizzie, I'd never do that, I can't believe you'd be so mean!" Frank shook his head. "No, Lizzie, our Lyddy maybe a little flighty, but she's a good egg at heart and wouldn't do that to you deliberately. Kitty, what do you know about this? Do you know this creep?" "No, Dad. Lydia talked to pretty much every single man under 30 at the party last night, it could've been any of them." Until that point, Kitty had been smugly observing the uproar but the disconsolate way she replied to her father made it obvious she was more upset about Lydia's popularity than his distress. "Lydia, you're too young to be getting yourself into situations. This is my fault, I should keep a closer eye on you." Jane looked upset. "No, I should take the blame. I'm her eldest sister and I never know what she's doing." Lizzie pushed the remains of her meal away and stood up. "I've had enough of this farce." Frank looked flustered "Now, where are you going, Lizzie? Your mother needs you." "No, she doesn't. I'm going for a walk." Lizzie didn't give herself the satisfaction of slamming the door behind her before she took off across the paddock. The warm autumn sunshine had turned to cloud but Lizzie didn't mind that the weather matched her mood. She should have known Lydia would twist her story in a way that made her into the victim. And Lizzie, the real sufferer in the situation, could do little to enlighten anyone without exposing herself as well.
"Lizzie! There's a man here to see you. I can't remember the last time you had a bloke round. Lizzie, are you there?" Lizzie raised her head from the article she had been absorbed in, her mother's shrill tones breaking her concentration. She didn't move from where she sat, despite Priscilla's continued exhortations, feeling her stomach flip over at the possibilities of the identity of her visitor. Lizzie had felt so low over the previous few days it had been a struggle to find any focus. Slowly she regained her equilibrium, feeling relieved and, if she was honest with herself, a little piqued that Darcy hadn't contacted her after their encounter. She knew he had her phone number, just as she had his, after he had called her when Jane was sick. But the only male number on her call list besides her father was Wickham and Lizzie determinedly screened his calls as though they had been from Darcy himself. Surely it couldn't be Darcy who had come. It had to be George. It would be like him to follow up her silence with a personal visit. The leap of heart that had accompanied her previous meetings with him was notably absent but she thought she could at least face him with equanimity. "Lizzie? You better be in there and making yourself decent for company." Priscilla's voice grew even more determined. She wrenched the door open before Lizzie could finish her thoughts. "Oh Lizzie, look at you. You could have at least put on a bit of makeup." "Mum, can you please just tell me who it is?" "He says his name is Bill. He's not as handsome as some I s'pose, but you can't be choosey, Lizzie. Now, hurry up. I better go make sure he doesn't get bored and leave." Lizzie dropped her head into her hands and groaned. There had been a third option after all. As little as she wanted to see either Darcy or Wickham, Collins was, if possible, an even less welcome visitor. And a certain blow to her ego as well, that the only man of her acquaintance who visited her was he. It was too late to hide so Lizzie rolled off her bed and went to the door. As she walked outside into the overcast day, she could see her mother suggestively raising her eyebrows beside the widely smiling Bill Collins. "Now then, I'll leave you two alone, eh? Come in for a cuppa later, Lizzie, I expect to hear all about your male friend here. You should come in too, Bill. Make yourself comfortable, I expect to see you here a lot more often to visit our Lizzie." "I certainly hope to please you, Mrs Bennet." "Mum, there's no need for you to leave, Bill's just come to discuss some possible work." "Oh no, Lizzie, I know when I'm not wanted." Priscilla giggled, waggling her fingers. "Ta ta, Bill." She wandered back to the house, looking repeatedly over her shoulder at them but Lizzie didn't speak until she had disappeared inside. "Hi, Bill. This is an unexpected pleasure." Collin's puffed out his chest. ''I know I should have called before popping by but Charlotte gave me your address and said you'd be home and eager to see me. I've just come from the Lucas's." Lizzie could have strangled her friend. She raised an eyebrow but before she could respond, Collins continued. "I understand you must have been overwhelmed by our dance together on Saturday. I too enjoyed it immensely. I know you felt shy after our obvious chemistry on the dance floor and so had to leave the party to recover your composure." Lizzie nearly choked. "That's not quite how it went. You see I wasn't feeling very well." Collins clearly didn't see. "I've come to ask you to the swing dancing night in Margaret River on Sunday. No doubt you're keen to repeat the experience." Lizzie bit her lip before speaking. She had already made plans with Charlotte and Jane to attend the community event and now had to make some excuse not to go. "Oh? Sunday, is it? Sorry, I can'tI have a chapter for my thesis due next week and just can't take any time away from it." "All work and no play makes Lizzie a dull girl." "But that's just it, with the masters pro on, I've been out too much and just can't spare the time." Lizzie attempted to redirect the subject. "So, about De Bourgh estate, I should be free by the end of May to come. Will four weeks be acceptable?" "You don't need to be so coy, Lizzie. I know you're keen on going out with me. Besides, if Mrs de Bourgh takes a liking to you, you're hardly going to have time to keep going with your studies. I can put in a good word for you with her you know. I'd love to have a dancing partner at the estate. Imagine how much fun we'd have." Lizzie imagined exactly how exciting the prospect was and slowly blew out her breath. "Bill, I think you have the wrong idea. I'm only coming to De Bourgh Estate to further my experience in larger vineyards. Even if Mrs de Bourgh thought I was suitable for the assistant manager position, I'm not sure that it would suit me. " Bill snorted in disbelief. "Come now, Lizzie, there's not a more exciting prospect in the industry than De Bourgh Estate. Why, I think even the lowliest position there encompasses more scope than any vineyard in the whole region." "I guess I'll see that when I arrive there. But believe me, Bill, no matter how enticing I find the work there, nothing would make me give up my study. You must understand that I have little time for socialising." Bill clucked his tongue against his teeth. "We will see about that. I'll pick you up on Sunday at 4pm." Lizzie's tone went from placating to short. "Bill, I don't know how I can make this any clearer for you. I'm not available this Sunday nor do I have any inclination to accept at any other time." "This isn't the impression your mother gave me." "It may surprise you, but my mother isn't the foremost authority of my dating habits." Bill did look surprised and more than a little petulant. "It's just dancing, Lizzie, it's not like I'm asking you to marry me." "Bill, my focus is on my study and I have no time for dates with you, or any other man. I don't mean to be rude, but please relieve yourself of any misguided notion that my mind is going to change. If you feel now that I wouldn't be suitable for De Bourgh Estate, we can forgo that as well. I would want you to think I was there under any false pretensions." "No, at least your dedication is a credit to you and Mrs de Bourgh would approve of your single minded attention to your work. I see now that what I thought was delicacy of principal is actually singular devotion to your own interests." Lizzie smothered a bubble of laughter. She had been looking forward to her time at De Bourgh Estate as a way of breaking up the mundanity of her day to day activities but she would have given it up in a second if she thought she was to be tormented by the romantic attentions of Collins. "Yes, that's it exactly." "Perhaps you'll see differently when you're at De Bourgh Estate though. We work hard but Mrs de Bourgh wants her employees to enjoy themselves as well." Collins smiled knowingly at her. "And in my experience, persistence with ladies can pay off. I don't give up that easily." Lizzie thought wildly for something that would put him off for good. "To be honest with you, Bill, when I said I didn't have time for any man, that should have given you a clue, as nice as you are, my tastes just don't run that way." "You mean" "Yes, only my family doesn't know so you'd be really doing me a favour if you didn't mention it." "I see. Is Charlottethat way as well?" "Oh no, worse luck for me. You understand why I focus so much on my work, the only gay in the village you see. No hard feelings?" "Please forgive me, I had no idea. I have already put it from my mind. You must forget I ever asked you." "Done. So the last week in May will that be a suitable time for me to arrive?" Bill concurred and they arranged her arrival with little more conversation. It seemed that after her disclosure that he could barely get away fast enough, leaving a vastly amused Lizzie in his wake. She turned to go back to her books when her mother burst from the house. "Scared him off already then?" "Mum, I already told you, he was only here to talk about some work prospects." "I know a man with romantic intentions when I see one, Elizabeth. Besides he told me that he wanted to take you dancing. I don't know what's wrong with you." "You've told me what's wrong with me many times over." "And what's wrong with Bill then? He's got two feet and a heartbeat and he's interested in you. That should be bloody enough!" There was no placating her mother. Lizzie listened to her lecture, knowing that if she tried to defend herself, the tirade would only grow longer. She tried at first to make light of it but if anything that seemed to encourage Priscilla. Despite Lizzie's sullen silence, it was only the arrival of her father that pulled her mother up short. "Frank, tell your daughter that if she won't go out with Bill Collins, I'll never speak to her again." Frank smiled good-naturedly. "Lizzie, you find yourself in a tangle then. Unless you go out with this bloke, your mother will never speak to you again. But if you go out with someone who I don't approve of, I may never speak to you again. And I'm not sure there's any bloke in the country that's good enough for my Lizzie. If you won't have him, then I won't either." "Frank! Why do you always do this to me?" At least her father's answer drew the focus from Lizzie and bought her mother's ire onto him instead. Lizzie gave him an apologetic smile as she slipped away to the humpy, closing the door against Priscilla's increasingly irritated tones. The article she had been reading seemed distinctly flavourless now and Lizzie abandoned it to a file marked as having no relevance to her work. She opened her laptop instead to do some writing but instead found herself staring blankly at the screen before her. It was frustrating that she couldn't stop thinking about what had happened between herself and Darcy, when without doubt she was the furthest thing from his mind. She hadn't even told Charlotte what she had done, hoping that the less she spoke about it, the quicker she could forget. It didn't help that the memories of the evening were far from unpleasant. Lizzie couldn't help but wonder about the amount of times she'd had unsatisfying sex with someone she'd been really into, but that the best sex of her life had been with someone she didn't even like. After a number of fruitless hours, Lizzie was grateful to hear Jane's car pulling into the driveway. She closed her computer and went to the door in expectation of her sister's glowing face, hoping she was free that evening and Lizzie would be able to distract herself in her company. At least they could laugh together over her deception of Collins. But it wasn't Jane's smiles that greeted her, instead her sister broke into tears as soon as she meet Lizzie's eyes. "Jane? What's wrong?" "Oh, Lizzie, what's he going to think of me?" "What are you talking about?" "Charlie! He lost the finals, and I couldn't get there and now he's not answering his phone! He must hate me." Lizzie blinked. "I forgot that was today. Jane, slow down and tell me what happened. Charlie's hardly going to go from infatuation to loathing in the space of an afternoon." "He'll think I didn't care! I wasn't there when he needed me." Through Lizzie's prompts, she eventually gathered that there had been a staffing disaster at a kitchen tea Jane had organised. She had tried to get away to see Charlie compete but the neediness of the bride and Jane's soft heart had made it impossible. "Who has a party on a Thursday anyway?" "Exactly! I should have just left her but I've been trying to get the family's business, they have an event at least once a month, and if I left I knew they'd never hire my services again." "Jane, Charlie knows you have to work. He'll understand." "Why isn't he answering his phone then? I've only spoken to him once since Saturday. I've been so busy. I'm a terrible girlfriend! I didn't even wish him luck." Her last words were muffled as she broke into a fresh gust of sobs. "Jane, he's probably just caught up in the media blitz. I bet he can't even get to his phone. Just give it some time and he'll call you when he can." Despite how Lizzie tried to comfort her, it took much effort to get Jane to see some reason. She eventually calmed down enough to attempt to call Bingley again and, to give her some privacy, Lizzie went up to the house to join the rest of the family for dinner. There had at least been a few consequences for Lydia for her behaviour at Bingley's party. Even though her father didn't exactly blame her for what had happened, he'd curtailed her activities on the basis that he thought her friends were a bad influence. The past few days had been punctuated by deep sighs and much complaining about the fun she was missing. "There's only a few days of school holidays left and you're keeping me a prisoner here!" Kitty was equally discontent. The focus on Lydia's social activities had materially damaged her own. "Shut up, Lydia! Why can't I go out? It's not like I did anything wrong?" Lydia piped in before their father could respond. "It's not fair that I have to stay home if Kitty gets to goes out." "Lydia, you know you are grounded indefinitely and, Kitty, you should keep your sister company. You're both too boy crazy and should be thinking about your studies. You both have exams next month, you're not leaving this property until I say so and that's the last of it!" It was rare for Frank Bennet to raise his voice but despite the finality of their father's words, Lydia continued whining entreaties. "Mum, tell Dad it's not fair!" Priscilla looked inclined to intervene but before she could speak Lizzie cleared her throat. "As interesting as this conversation is, I have to interrupt to tell you I'll be going away for a month at the end of May. I've been offered some work at De Bourgh estate." Priscilla's face lit up. "Oh Lizzie! Isn't that where that nice man Bill works? I knew there was something you weren't telling me." "What? No, Mum! This is purely business, Mum. If Charlotte wasn't going as well, I wouldn't even think of it." "You can't pull the wool over my eyes, Elizabeth." Frank put down his knife and fork. "I'll miss you, Lizzie. It feels like I only just got you back from Perth and now you're going again?" "It's only an hour away, Dad. I can come and visit on weekends." Lydia drew the subject of discussion back to herself with a sigh. "Well, I for one will be glad Lizzie isn't around. She ruins everything." Lizzie just raised her eyebrow at her sister. They had barely spoken a word to each other since the weekend but Lizzie couldn't help but bite back. "Yes, like ruining your attempt to sneak out in the middle of the night?" Lydia just scowled at her. It had taken less than 48 hours for her to attempt to flout the conditions of her grounding. Lizzie had been up late reading and heard the giggles of her sisters as they snuck of the main house. Where before she had turned a blind eye, she was still so furious with Lydia, Lizzie woke up her father to put a stop to the business. In the aftermath of that, both Kitty and Lydia had had their phones confiscated and, at the prompting of Lizzie, their father had gone so far as to disconnect the Wi-Fi leaving them unable to access any social media on the laptop either. In an attempt to manage the overloaded bandwidth of their network, Lizzie had already set up her own password protected modem, so this measure didn't interrupt her study. She couldn't help but feel righteously satisfied by Lydia's disconsolate face as she spent her time flipping through Priscilla's gossip magazines. Lizzie left the table as soon as she had finished her dinner, taking some leftovers for Jane. Night had fallen swiftly and Lizzie tried not to drop the plate as she fumbled her way across the yard to the dark windows of the humpy. She hoped the quiet meant Jane had managed to contact Bingley but when she opened the door she found her sister not on the phone but sitting in the dark at her computer screen. "Janey? Did you get hold of him?" Lizzie flicked the lights on as Jane turned blankly toward her. "Charlie's gone." "What? No, that's impossible." Lizzie put down the plate she carried and sat beside her sister. "Caroline emailed me. You have to read this. He's gone to Sydney." Lizzie pulled the laptop towards her, tilting the screen so she could read the email. Dearest Jane, I hope this email finds you well and you and your family have recovered well from the excesses of the pro tour. Unfortunately we've found we have had to depart Yallingup rather abruptly on the insistence of Charlie's management team. After Charlie's defeat at Margaret River, his coach has decided that he return to Sydney for intensive training before he goes to Rio for the next leg of the tour. Charlie himself is determined to ignore any other distractions while he regains his form. He was hoping that the training could have been conducted locally but his team have intervened and he's going into lockdown. I regret not being able to see you in person before our departure but you must understand that my full attention must be on my brother if he is to re-establish his number one world ranking. I hope you'll respond to my email and we can at least continue our friendship by writing to each other. Who knows when we'll see each other again. I hope for you and your sisters sake that the southwest isn't too bereft of masculine talent now the tour's over. Much love, Caroline "He didn't even say goodbye." "This doesn't make sense? Why wouldn't Charlie contact you himself?" The question resulted in Jane's loss of composure and Lizzie pulled her shaking sister into a hug. "I guarantee that this is just Caroline interfering, Janey. Of course Charlie will call you." "It's because of me he lost. I should have been there." "It's not your fault, Jane." "I distracted him. I'm not good enough for him. Caro's only trying to do the right thing by telling me." Lizzie held her tongue rather than give her sister her opinion on Caroline's interpretation of the 'right thing'. "Don't be ridiculous, Jane. You weren't even there." "Exactly!" Jane pulled away and wiped her eyes with the tissue Lizzie passed her. "There is no way in the world he's not going to contact you. Anyone who saw you and Charlie together couldn't help but see how infatuated he is. He could barely look at anyone else. This is Caroline's doing entirely. She never thought any of the Bennets were worthy of her family's attention." "How can you say that, Lizzie? She's been so kind to me." "Jane, Caroline Bingley is an interfering bitch who only cares about her own interests and if Charlie hasn't contacted you before the weekend, why of course he'll call. It's not even worth giving it another thought. He's probably on a flight and you know how bad phone reception is here, he probably couldn't get through." Despite her confident words, Bingley didn't contact Jane. Lizzie swung between disbelief and anger, while her sister stayed firmly sunk in despair. In their whole lifetime sharing a bedroom, Lizzie had never seen Jane bought so low. There was no keeping it from the rest of the family. Where Jane was one to suffer in silence, their mother was not exactly cast from the same mould and before long the entire community knew exactly how badly her sister had been treated. Lizzie was fed up to the back teeth with curious acquaintances trying to tease information from her. Finally even Lizzie came to the conclusion that Jane was right and Bingley couldn't have cared for her much at all. Or at least, the man was so thick headed that 'out of sight, out of mind' was written expressly to describe him. But even if he were that gutless, he must realise how his actions would hurt Jane. And the thought made her want to loathe him. The only other possibility made Lizzie's stomach churn. That her mistake with Darcy had made him so determined to avoid her, he had turned his friend from Jane. The idea made Lizzie feel so sick she was soon as out of sorts as her sister. By the weekend they made such a sorry pair that even the arrival of Lizzie's favourite aunt did little to raise their spirits. Claire Gardiner was only related through marriage but Lizzie often felt she was the only female family member beside Jane she could relate to. She, her husband, Priscilla's brother, and their three children lived in Perth but came down to visit for regular weekends. Having guests to stay was at least a distraction for Jane. Lizzie adored her young cousins, but it was her eldest sister that truly enjoyed spending time with them. If her glow didn't quite return, at least the look of defeat vanished from her eyes when she was in their company. "Now Lizzie, what's this business with Jane? And you as well, you look almost as low as she does." "I know Mum must have told you, Aunty Claire. I'm only miserable because I don't know how to help her." "I need to hear your version. The tangled story I got from Priscilla made no sense at all. Let me take you out for lunch and you can tell me about it?" Despite requesting that Jane join them, she declined and Lizzie and their aunt left her playing backyard cricket with the children. Lizzie didn't insist she come. She could talk more freely about her worries for her sister if they were alone. Claire drove as Lizzie imparted an edited version of the events of the past month. She managed with some effort not to mention Darcy at all, while making her aunt understand the depths of interference that Bingley's entourage were capable of. "Oh dear, it's worse than I thought. I feel this will take a while for our Jane to recover from. You think there is no chance he'll contact her?" "I thought so, but the longer it goes, the less likely it is. Claire, I just don't get it. He had even been talking of moving here. I had never seen Jane so smitten and he had it just as bad as well." "Not as bad as that if he just up and left. Has she tried to call him?" "Yes, once anyway since Caroline's email. It just went to his message bank." "What did she say to him? She must have left a message." "You know Jane as well as I do, she's hardly one for recriminations. If it had been me, I would have ripped him a new arsehole. She blaming herself now for losing her heart over something that was just a fling." "He's bit of a womaniser then?" "I didn't think so. It looked so much more serious than that but..." Lizzie paused, thinking back to the conversation she had had with Darcy and Bingley at their house in Yallingup. "There was something that one of his friends said that makes me think that maybe it's not such an uncommon occurrence when Bingley is on tour." Their conversation was cut short by their arrival in Margaret River. The caf they had chosen was popular with locals and tourists alike and Lizzie and her aunt only just managed to secure the last table. She had gone inside to place their order when she heard her name called over the clatter of the busy kitchen. Wickham leaned against the bar, a curious smile quirking his mouth. "Lizzie Bennet, you've been avoiding me." Lizzie wasn't sure how to reply. She had indeed ignored his calls, not even listening to his voice messages, but his perplexed question disarmed her. "Hi George. I've been busy." "So busy you couldn't even text me back? Don't tell me you've been listening to Darcy and his slander of me?" Lizzie frowned. "Not much chance of that. No, seriously, George, our dates were fun enough but I find you're not my type. And, I don't think I'm one of your types either." Wickham raised his eyebrow. "I've never met a cute girl who wasn't my type. Fair enough, but I don't see why you need to avoid me. I'm not so bad am I?" Lizzie laughed in spite of herself, thinking of her own wanton recklessness. "No, I don't think you're that bad at all, in fact, I think we could be more alike than I thought." "I doubt that. Have you got time for a coffee with me now? It would be good to catch up." "I'm with my aunt. But I guess you could join us if you like?" "Another beautiful Bennet lady?" "She's my aunt by marriage but she's my favourite relative. You'll like her. I warn you though, we plan to drink wine, not coffee." Wickham put on every bit of charm he was capable of in the entertainment of Lizzie's aunt. Lizzie found him as compelling as ever but even still she felt wary of him, and though he was attentive, she noticed his wandering eye far more than she had before. However, the excellence of his company was as good as it had ever been and Lizzie laughed so much over the next hour, sitting with him and Claire, that by the time he had to bid his farewell she was in complete charity with him. Claire looked pointedly at her niece when Wickham was out of earshot. "So, my darling Lizzie, I don't know when I last met a man as delightful as your friend George. And he obviously likes you." Lizzie laughed. "George Wickham likes many things. I'm not sure though that his attention span is long enough to keep his interest focussed for very long though." She looked at her aunt, her expression becoming more serious. "I think his past makes it difficult for him to trust others. He's not really relationship material." Claire raised her eyebrows. "Surely the right girl" "And I am not that girl, my dearest of aunts. I can enjoy his company though. I thought perhaps when we first met that there was something there but I don't think I have room in my life for someone that complicated." It took the rest of the bottle of wine for Lizzie to tell her aunt of William Darcy and his relationship to Wickham. Of her dealings with Darcy she said little, except to confirm that she found him the most arrogant man she had ever met. "That poor man, Lizzie! I don't wonder he has commitment issues." She shrugged and sipped her wine. "He didn't seem particularly messed up but I guess the most troubled men are the most difficult to read. And sometimes the most attractive as well." "We did go out a few times, until I heard he'd been fooling around with someone else. Claire, I'm not really one to compete for a guy's attention with other girls." Claire nodded. "Perhaps it's wise to keep George at a distance. I'm glad your heart isn't as easily broken as Jane's" "There was no possibility of that. A bruised ego perhaps." "If only Jane had your resilience. I worry it will take her a long time to get over this Bingley character. We must come up with a scheme to get her mind off him. Perhaps, if she'd not too busy with work she could come and visit us in Perth? I can't exactly offer her glamorous entertainment but at least the children should keep her diverted for a while."
Super long chapter. I couldn't find a place to split it into two. Besides, I thought you all deserved some Darcy times. Thanks for reading! The week since Jane had left had been interminable. Lizzie pulled into the driveway to the Bennet farm after a long day at work, happy to think of her sister waiting for her to call. They had spoken every other day but previous conversations had mostly consisted of the escapades of their young cousins and the well being, or otherwise, of their more immediate family members, their words mostly skirting around the greater issue at hand. Caroline Bingley, to Lizzie's astonishment, had indeed kept her promise of continuing a correspondence with Jane but her emails had done nothing to give either Lizzie or her sister any hope of her brother continuing his regard. In fact they implied the opposite, being so filled with tales of his high profile social engagements that after reading them Jane would invariably be left in tears. Seeing her sister so downcast by Caroline's words filled Lizzie's heart with such a vengeful desire for violence, she could have committed homicide without compunction. It wasn't unexpected that Lizzie's feelings about her sister's departure to visit the Gardiners were mixed. She knew it had to be good for Jane to get away but the humpy always felt empty without her sister's warm presence. In her own quiet way, Jane had seemed content enough about the diversion. The end of the pro tour meant the slow down of much of her work, the approaching cold wet months of winter limiting the regional tourists and as such the scale of events in the region. The few small jobs Jane had, she delegated to colleagues and so had arranged her departure, if not with any pleasure, at least with a determination to move on and put Bingley behind her. Lizzie only stopped to change out of her work clothes before flopping onto her bed and opening her iPad to contact Jane. The call was answered immediately, showing her sister's lovely face with a smile quivering on the corner of her lips. She looked happier than she had for weeks, though the darks rings below her eyes made Lizzie suspect that sleep was still escaping her. "What are you so pleased about, sister of mine?" "Is it that obvious?" Jane's lips curled up into the most genuine grin Lizzie had seen from her for weeks. "Well, your favourite sister just got the internship at Sydney opera house. Two months working with their events department!" "What, Lydia?" Lizzie made her response light. She had half suspected that Bingley had finally made contact so was relieved that she hadn't pre-empted her sister's answer. "No seriously, Jane, that's awesome news. When do you go?" "Next week. Someone had to pull out of the season and I was apparently at the top to the waiting list so they've asked me to come. It's perfect, things are so quiet down south over winter, and with you goneI was wondering how...how I was going to keep myself occupied." "Oh, Janey, I'll hate you being so far away but it couldn't be better for you. I was thinking of coming up for weekends to see you, but now you'll be miles away." "Lizzie, Caroline's in Sydney. I should tell her I'm coming, shouldn't I? She said she'd like to see me." Jane looked thoughtful, if not a touch apprehensive. Lizzie nodded, unable to find a response regarding Caroline that didn't sound bitchy and she didn't want to bring Jane off her high. "And so is Bingley. Oh Jane, be careful." "That's ancient history. If I see him at all, I'm sure we can be civil to each other." She looked down so Lizzie couldn't see her eyes. "We might even be able to be friends." "Excessively civil, I'm sure." Lizzie laughed. "Actually, Caroline's probably the one who should be careful. All her careful machinations are in danger of collapsing." "Lizzie!" When she finally finished the call, both Lizzie and Jane were feeling considerably cheered. Lizzie settled down onto her bed with some reading, barely absorbing a paragraph before she was struck by the thought that Bingley was still the cause of the loss of her sister's close company. Whereas before she had feared Jane would leave with him, it was turning out she was instead leaving because of him. It felt mean spirited but Lizzie couldn't help but hope that Jane's internship wouldn't turn into a permanent move. She struggled with the impulse to call her sister back and make her promise that she would return. Between work and study, the weeks until Lizzie left for De Bourgh Estate passed quicker than she could fathom. Forgiving Wickham had also had the result of his resumed visitations to the Bennet farm and Lizzie had spent a few mellow evenings in his company. Though they had agreed their friendship was platonic, she couldn't help but still like him immensely, thinking that perhaps she'd been too hasty in her dismissal of him as a romantic prospect. The thought plagued Lizzie as she made the long drive to De Bourgh Estate, knowing it was probably for the best, and that Wickham would no doubt have already put her from his mind. She almost regretted not just taking him to her bed anyway. If it was so easy for him to have casual sex, why shouldn't it be for her? But that thought lead straight to Darcy, and her own already uninhibited behaviour, and it wasn't long until that fully occupied her instead. De Bourgh Estate ended up being exactly as magnificent as Collins had described it, from first appearance anyway, and only that finally drove the uninvited thoughts from her head. It was so manicured even the leaves of the trees that surrounded the complex didn't dare drop onto the perfect green sweep of the lawns. Lizzie couldn't imagine how much water they used to irrigate in the long summer months. Nor the number of gardeners required in maintaining the pristine state. The estate was surrounded by national park, the virgin forest a welcome contrast to the order of the grounds. It relieved Lizzie that at least she had the prospect of long walks in the adjoining bushland when she needed time and space to herself. Mrs de Bourgh hadn't been present to meet her, an occurrence that Lizzie couldn't help be grateful for. She was tired from the drive and was hoping to have a shower and change her clothes before bearding that particular lion. Collins however had different plans. No sooner had she put her bags on the single bed in the room she was to share with Charlotte, he dragged her off for a tour. The cottage that all on site employees lived in was hidden from the main residence, behind a big bank of trees and the winery complex. There were bunks for seasonal employees, a well-equipped kitchen and dining room, and a living area that overlooked the vineyard. It didn't surprise Lizzie that it was hidden; the architecture didn't match the modern main buildings at all. It seemed likely it was the original homestead before the Mrs De Bourgh had developed the property. Collins confirmed her suspicions. "Yes, it's called Rosings cottage. A quaint little place, but hardly equal to Mrs de Bourgh's consequence. She has done a great deal to modernise it though, though most residents aren't here for long enough to truly appreciate it the way I do. I'm sure you'll be most comfortable, Lizzie." He continued on to talk about the local entertainment. "So besides dancing at the Hunsford Town Hall, which I do hope you'll both join in with me, there's a singles mingle once a month there as well. You won't find it isolated out here. Mrs de Bourgh values her employee's social time as much as their work hoursthough Lizzie, you may not find it suits you." He turned to a bemused Charlotte with a smile. "Charlotte though" "Why will it suit me and not Lizzie? She's just as single as I am." Lizzie frowned at Charlotte. "Bill knows I'm married to my work." Her friend snorted in response. "What a crock. You may not be a party animal, but you're as open to meeting a good b Ow! What was that for?" Lizzie had given Charlotte a vicious pinch in an attempt to shut her up. "Sorry, Lottie, I'm so clumsy. Bill, uh, we'll be right back, I need to get Charlotte a...a band aid." "I don't need a" "OHS is very important right, Bill?" She gave her friend another sharp pinch as she took her arm. Charlotte glared at Lizzie in disbelief. "Ow! Jesus, Lizzie! Can you just stop?" "See, you're injured, it could be serious. We'll be right back, Bill." Lizzie managed to drag the protesting Charlotte out of the room and into the adjoining bathroom, shutting the door on a perplexed Collins. She leaned against the door, trembling with supressed laughter. "What the fuck is wrong with you?" It took a moment for Lizzie to answer, finding it even harder to contain her giggles as Charlotte's expression turned from annoyance to concern. "Lizzie, are you ok?" "Yes, I justdidn't get a chance to tell you. Collins thinks I bat for the other team." "What?" "He thinks I'm a lesbian." "How in hell did he get that idea?" "I couldn't get him off my back any other way. He thought we were going to be the next Fred and Ginger." Charlotte stilled, arrested by the idea, before bursting into laughter as helpless as Lizzie's. "Seriously, Charlotte, you can't tell him it's not true. I'm relying on you to help me keep up the charade." Charlotte took a breath, managing to calm her amusement. "Oh no! I wouldn't dream of it. I'm just wondering how to slip it into casual conversation that my tastes run that way as well." "I told him you were straight." "What did you go and do that for?" "You'd just sent him to my house! He asked me dancing for Christ's sake. You don't do that to your supposed best friend." "Well if he doesn't shut up about the singles mingles, I'm liable to stick my tongue down your throat at dinner. Hasn't the man heard of Tinder?" Charlotte's words set Lizzie off into another burst of giggles. It was only Collin's voice through the door that made her try to clamp her lips together in an attempt to regain some decorum. "Are you alright in there, Lizzie? Charlotte?" "Yes! We're fine! Don't come in. Charlotte is just really ticklish." Charlotte wiped her eyes and whispered. "Thanks, mate. Laying some groundwork for me. Much appreciated." By the time they emerged from the bathroom, Collins was blushing furiously, finding it difficult to meet either Lizzie or Charlotte's eyes. 'I do hope you're happy to share a bedroom. II can arrange another room if you thinkthink it might disturb your rest." "It's fine, Bill. As long as Charlotte doesn't snore". "I've never snored in my life!" "You snore all the time!" "Ladies, please, shall we continue our tour?" Charlotte raised an eyebrow at Lizzie and clutched the large Band-Aid stuck on her forearm. "Bill, will you be alright to continue without me? I feel a little lightheaded and might go have a lie down." "Yes, yes of course." At least all thoughts of the singles mingle seemed to have departed Collins's head. He answered Lizzie's questions distractedly as he escorted her out of the house and across the lawn toward the winery complex, only regaining his usual loquaciousness though once they reached the restaurant. "You'll find Mrs de Bourgh most generous with her employees. She offers them a five per cent discount on meals and 10 per cent on wines." "A whole ten per cent? Goodness." Lizzie hoped she managed to keep the incredulity out of her voice. Even the most tight fisted employer she had worked for had offered twenty per cent on meals and wine wholesale. She glanced up from the menu to find Collins looking doubtfully at her attire. "But she does like everyone to dress appropriatelyyou did bring something dressy with you?" Lizzie looked down at her worn jeans and t-shirt tempted to tell him she was wearing her best. She had no intention of spending her hard earned dollars at the overpriced restaurant. But, at some point, she would surely have to dress up. "It's ok, Bill, I bought my good dungarees." Collins spluttered something indecipherable and Lizzie resisted the urge to wipe the spray of saliva off her cheek. "I'm joking! I'm sure I have something suitable if and when the need arises." "It doesn't need to be special. Mrs de Bourgh abhors pretentious dressers. But so many casual employees get about in the most deplorable clothing. I think it's important to give Mrs de Bourgh her due and dress as befits her position. She has no problems with...uh...with your personal lifestyle choices but it is important that you fit in in other ways, if you're to work here." Lizzie felt her amusement slip away. It took all her resolve not to tell Collins that there was little chance of her remaining beyond her allotted trial period. Already she missed the close-knit team at her usual workplace and, despite the lack of opportunity for promotion, it was a far more appealing place to work. She let the comment slide though, instead changing the subject by asking if they had considered installing solar to reduce the power consumption of the estate "No, no. Mrs de Bourgh thinks solar panels are an eyesore. The beauty of the northern roofline covered in solar panelling? You must be joking, Lizzie?" He cleared his throat. "I hope you'll run any of your ideas through me first before mentioning them to Mrs de Bourgh. It wouldn't do for her to think you were radical as well." After that response, Lizzie kept her thought to herself for the rest of the tour, responding to Collins' commentary with what she hoped was appropriate enthusiasm. By the time they returned to the house it was full dark and she was feeling ready for bed, despite the relatively early hour. She was about to announce her intention of making a sandwich and retiring to her room when Collin's looked expectantly at her. "So are you going to go and get ready? Don't worry about not having the latest fashions, just wear whatever you have that's best." "Ready for what?" "To meet Mrs de Bourgh." "Now?" 'Yes, she's expecting us for a late meal. She would have met you earlier but she had to see her solicitor. I told you this before." "Oh." Indeed he may have told her. Lizzie had probably only heard half of his constant chatter. She gave a shudder at thinking of what else she may have agreed to through non-response. "Ok, I'll be in back in a moment." As much as Lizzie wanted a shower, she knew Collins's schedule was unlikely to allow her the time, so it wasn't long until he, Charlotte and herself were following the lights that illuminated the path to the main house. The imposing resident was even larger than she had supposed, a modern copycat of a Georgian villa. Mrs de Bourgh and her daughter met them in the massive entrance hall, the overheated air making Lizzie claustrophobic after the crisp winter night. The pair looked remarkably similar though, where the daughter Anne was fragile, Mrs de Bourgh was all wiry strength. Charlotte had previously warned Lizzie that the boss had had some work done but nothing prepared her for the trout pout that greeted her. Indeed, Mrs de Bourgh's skin was stretched so tight that her welcoming smile was more a grim rictus. "Miss Elizabeth Bennet, so glad you could finally come to us. Collins has told us so much about you. It will be a refreshing change to have someone sointeresting here." "Thank you, Mrs de Bourgh, for the opportunity." "Yes, yes. Now let's go to the dinner table and you can tell me more about yourself." After briefly greeting Collins and Charlotte, Mrs de Bourgh led the way to the dining room that adjoined the hall, the table there already arrayed with dishes. "I hope you don't mind. We always eat gluten and dairy free, my Anne has such poor digestion, it's a wonder she can eat at all. She has so many allergies and intolerances but the doctors don't seem to be able to find anything wrong. Quacks the lot of them." Their host peppered Lizzie with invasive questions throughout the spartan meal, asking about her family; her job; the size of their property in Cowaramup; her mother's family; Lizzie's education; even the type of car she drove. "It's a credit to you that you've made such progress under the circumstances." Lizzie wondered what the exact circumstances were that she referred to but before she could ask, Mrs de Bourgh had moved on. "Are any of your other sisters at university?" "No, though my next sister, Mary, wants to study animation and game design." "Gaming? Surely your father wouldn't support that?" "Why not? She should be good at it, God knows she's played enough of them." "Hmm, I should have expected you to have pert opinions I suppose, considering." Lizzie put down her knife and fork and took a sip of water knowing exactly what her host was considering. "Do you cook, Elizabeth?" The abrupt twists and turns of the conversation almost made Lizzie feel dizzy. "Cook? I have been known to, I suppose. I haven't poisoned anyone yetto my knowledge anyway." "You must bring something to our next potluck dinner. We get quite competitive, don't we, Collins?" Bill agreed wholeheartedly. "Though none of us can compete with your prowess in the kitchen though, Mrs de Bourgh." He nodded at Lizzie. "I keep telling her she should be on Master Chef. Though of course, it wouldn't be fair to the other competitors." Mrs de Bourgh ignored his response and Collins fell into uncomfortable silence as she returned her attention to Lizzie. "Do you have a signature dish?" "No, but I'm told my spinach and ricotta cannelloni is pretty good." "I'll give you the recipe for my gluten and dairy free version. I'm sure you'll find it superior. You might even lose a few kilos. I do like to encourage our employees to eat healthily." Lizzie blinked as Mrs de Bourgh continued. "And horse riding? Even though your family's property is so small, surely you have room for a few horses?" "No, no horses. My sister Kitty wanted one once but when she realised how much care they needed, she gave the idea up." "You had lessons though? Your mother would have seen to that. It gives young women such poise." Lizzie hadn't noticed any particular poise clinging to the bitchy horsy set at her high school but decided to keep that particular thought to herself. "My mother had better things to do with her time. We did learn to surf though, except for Mary." Mrs de Bourgh made a face, as far as her botoxed features were able. "Oh, such a pointless practice. There's far more civilised, and safer I might add, ways of getting exercise. It appals me that so many of the young men around here, and women," she added pointedly, "waste so much time surfing. You can't employ a casual employee without them skiving off every time the wind's off shore." She peered over her wineglass at Lizzie. "You don't surf anymore, I expect." "I still surf, but no, if it's what you're asking, I didn't bring a board with me." "Good." She let her gaze pass over the rest of the assembly at the table before glancing at the watch on her skinny wrist. "Well, this evening has been most informative and now I think its time for bed. I recommend you follow my example. There will be much for you to absorb tomorrow, Elizabeth." Collins pushed back his chair, almost tipping it over in his haste to rise. "Yes! Of course. Don't worry, Mrs de Bourgh, I'll make sure the girls are in bed by 11 o'clock. I do hope you'll be able to sleep, Lizzie. You must be so excited about your first day on the job." Lizzie managed to reply without a hint of sarcasm that her nerves had been considerably allayed by the kindness of her host. He smiled back at her fatuously. "Well, well, come on then, the early bird catches the worm and Mrs de Bourgh needs her beauty sleep. I mean, wants, of course you don't need it, Mrs de Bourgh, you look wonderful. So fresh." The older lady sniffed. "That will do, Collins. I'll see you at 7am to meet with chef. I'm not happy with the spring menu he has planned but Francois is being most stubborn. If he doesn't see my way, I think I may have to let him go. But that can wait for tomorrow. Goodnight." Her dismissive delivery clearly indicated that the visit was at an end. Lizzie wasn't sorry, though the encounter had entirely alleviated her exhaustion, making her wonder if she would get any sleep in the alien house. The companionship of Charlotte however, and a snack to fill up her still rumbling stomach, made her feel tired enough to slip into a sleep as comfortable as any. The days that followed were unremarkable in their duties. Although she was employed in the guise of assistant manager, the tasks she was given didn't vary much from her usual place of employment. And though it was interesting learning about the state of the art machinery Mrs de Bourgh had had installed, maintaining it was even more onerous than the cellar scrubbing she was used to. Lizzie worked mostly with Charlotte and the vintner as Collins was usually tied up assisting Mrs de Bourgh in one service or another. It seemed he was more her henchman than estate manager. Their employer was so involved in the management of the winery, Collins had limited, if any autonomy. Not that he seemed to mind. Any unsuitable idea he had was swiftly crushed by Mrs de Bourgh's derision and the rare good ones were soon adopted as her own. Now and then, Mrs de Bourgh would drop in to where Lizzie was working, closely scrutinising her work and advising her in more efficient methods of practice, whether it was the way she held her secateurs to the speed she drove the tractor. Any discussion soon ended when Mrs de Bourgh imperiously entered the sphere, her presence silencing any question of dissent or debate. Despite the interference, Lizzie found herself enjoying her time and the first two weeks passed quickly. The other employees were entertaining enough, without intruding on Lizzie's space, and the evening meals had become quite lively with the occupants of the house taking turns to cook dinner while they sampled the local vintages. Mrs de Bourgh had invited them to the main house for a few other occasions, though not for a meal again. Her intensive questioning of Lizzie continued, focussing closely on Lizzie's study and her ambitions in viticulture. A few times she strayed perilously close to the subject of Lizzie's sexuality. At least she could give Mrs de Bourgh credit that she wasn't homophobic in any degree, but Lizzie could wish that she wasn't so intent on prying into her personal life. She began to regret the impetuous decision that had put off Collins. It was hard to decide which was worse: Collins' romantic pursuit or feeling like a fascinating animal that had strayed onto De Bourgh Estate for the express enjoyment of the owner. Lizzie found much of the work interesting though. Striking up a friendship with the vigneron who worked under Collins had given her much more insight into the estate's vine management. She found herself helping him as much as possible in her spare time, even though it wasn't one of her official duties. She was finishing off testing a soil sample for him when Charlotte found her. "Lizzie, there you are. Clean yourself up, we're knocking off work early today. The De Bourgh's are having drinks to welcome guests." Lizzie wasn't at all interested spending the evening listening to Mrs de Bourgh again but it sounded like the drinks were more of an imperative than a request. Once they were back at the cottage, Lizzie rummaged through her dirty clothes, ruefully sniffing at her cleanest shirt. Since the extra duties Lizzie had taken on easily filled up a seven-day week, there had been no time to do any laundry. "This is unwearable, Lottie, have you got anything I can borrow?" "Nothing that would fit your boobs." Lizzie rolled her eyes and rummaged into her bag for the clothes she hadn't unpacked, hoping to find something suitable. The only thing that came to hand was the knit dress she had bought in case there was a real reason to dress up. "Charlotte, you have to wear a dress too." Her friend answered with a snort. "No way." "Come on." Lizzie snickered, "Collins said you have to give Mrs de Bourgh her due." Despite her entreaties, no enticement resulted in Charlotte changing her mind. Lizzie looked uncomfortably in the mirror. The woollen dress revealed nothing of her skin but the way it clung showed more of her curves than she though appropriate for the occasion, but there was no other option but to suck it up. She found herself hoping that Mrs de Bourgh's visitors would be worth it. It was only a short walk to the house but the temperature had plummeted after sunset. Lizzie pulled her wrap closer to her neck against the winter chill. "Who are her guests anyway?" "Her nephew and her god son. You'd both remember Darcy?" Collins elaborated, his words growing more excited. "He and her nephew, Ed Fitzwilliam are staying for a few days to spend some time with Mrs de Bourgh." Lizzie groaned. "Is it too late to say I have a headache?" "But I just texted Mrs de Bourgh that we've nearly arrived. She's expecting you." Lizzie lost her patience in a swell of panic. "Bill, do you have to share every moment of your life with Mrs de Bourgh?" Collins looked affronted. "Mrs de Bourgh likes to be prepared for all events. If I can make the daily challenges she faces even just a little easier, then I know I'm proving my worth to her. A little of the same from you wouldn't hurt your prospects." Lizzie flattened her lips to muffle a snort. "You're so right, Bill, of course I wouldn't want to leave here without even a good reference." As much as she tried to play it cool, Lizzie nerves were stretched thin by the time Mrs de Bourgh ushered them into her sunken lounge. Besides Charlotte, Collins and a couple of other employees, the only other occupants in the room were an unknown male and her host's daughter. Any hope that she could avoid Darcy by mingling were quickly crushed. But, as it went, she hardly spoke to him at all. After a noncommittal greeting he sat and listened in silence to the general conversation of the room. It wasn't until Lizzie got up to refill her glass that he spoke at all, asking her about family. Lizzie replied in a general manner. Even though she had no desire to prolong conversation she couldn't help but try and probe for information for her sister. "Jane's been in Sydney for the past month. I know she's been in touch with Caroline Bingley. You haven't seen her, have you?" "Caroline, yes, I just came from Sydney last week, but I didn't see Jane." His answer was accompanied with a confused look but Mrs de Bourgh interrupted before she could ask any more. Their host wasn't exactly pleased to know they were acquainted, immediately excluding Lizzie from the conversation and drawing Darcy to the couch to sit with her daughter and herself. The rest of the evening Lizzie spent consciously avoiding Darcy. It made her feel like she was behaving like a pubescent girl but if she gave in to her pressing desire just to look at him, she had a horrible feeling she wouldn't be able to stop. Whether he looked at her or not, Lizzie had no idea. She didn't explore the thought further, instead turning her full attention to his friend Fitz, a man she found she had a lot of time for. If she discounted Caroline, all of Darcy's friends had been charming to her, and even as she enjoyed Fitz's conversation, she couldn't stop wondering how it was so. No other invitations were forthcoming from the main house for the remainder of the week, though Fitz visited the workers cottage on more than one occasion to hang out with its inhabitants. She found herself liking him more and more, though not in any way that sparked of romantic interest. It seemed the same for him, in fact Lizzie hadn't heard him talk anything but easily to anyone and his company at the cottage had been most welcome. Darcy, she didn't see at all, except from her bedroom window as he put his board in his car, clearly preparing for an early morning surf. Despite the freezing predawn temperature, Lizzie knew that the conditions at the beach would make it worth it. She was grateful she hadn't bought any gear with her because chances were that if she had, she would have found it hard to resist the temptation to join him. Things mostly carried on as they had ever been until Mrs de Bourgh decided to finally hold her threatened potluck diner for her guests and employees, asking everyone to bring a dish, even going so far to provide the recipes. Lizzie herself had been given instructions for the gluten and dairy free cannelloni and, as much as she was tempted to ignore them, she decided the most acceptable solution was to make both it and her own favourite. It took up the majority of her Saturday getting the ingredients and cooking it all, squeezing as much cheese as possible into her version to make up for the joyless dish beside it. On the following day, she warmed both dishes before taking them to the main house, where Mrs de Bourgh had tables set up in the gazebo. A barbecue had been provided for people to cook their own meat on next to a table where a few wholesome looking salads were set out. Lizzie placed her contribution next to them, fiddling with the arrangement in an effort to look occupied. "Hey Lizzie, that looks awesome. Finally something to eat around here. We've been having to sneak of to the pub every lunchtime in order to get a decent meal." Lizzie laughed and swatted Fitz's hand away from where it had been hovering over a particularly crisp bit of cheese. "Just don't mix the spoon up with the fun free one I made with your aunts recipe. I'm not ready to lose my job here yet. I have to ask, Fitz. Why the hell are you staying with your aunt anyway, especially if that aunt is Mrs de Bourgh?" Fitzie looked up from surveying the food, shock on his face. "But I love spending time with my favourite Aunty!" He was so convincing that Lizzie worried she'd made a serious faux pas, but when he saw her concern, Fitz simply laughed. "No seriously, Darcy's trying to beg some cuttings from some of her rarer vines to propagate. I'm just here as moral support." "I imagine Darcy is a bit of a favourite with Mrs de Bourgh. I can't see him having to beg." "That's just the problem, she loves having him around so much that she'll hold out for as long as possible. She'd much rather he was her son in law than god son, if you get my drift." Lizzie laughed, putting her hand over her mouth to smother her mirth. "Oh dear." She glanced across to where Darcy sat with Mrs de Bourgh and her daughter, making what looked like laboured conversation. "Good luck to them then." "Can I get you a glass of wine, Lizzie?" "Yes, thank you, wine would be lovely." He gave her a smile and returned swiftly with a bottle of red. Lizzie had to admit that for all the mass blended wine De Bourgh estate flooded the market with, some of their premier lines were really good. The Rosings Cabernet they were drinking led Fitz to tell Lizzie about the history of the estate in their family. They weren't talking long before their host's imperious tones interrupted. "What are you talking about? Wine? I tell you there's no one in the whole region with a better palate than neither mine, nor a finer appreciation for a good vintage. And, Anne, my poor darling, would have one too if she wasn't so allergic. Darcy?" Her godson had walked out into the crisp sunshine with a plate of food but looked back as their host called to him. "How is it at Pemberley, is Georgie showing any interest in winemaking?" Darcy snorted. "God no, she'd rather be doing anything else. Besides, between school, her singing lessons and tennis, she's barely at home at all." "Good, it's right she should be concentrating on her singing but I hope she's studying as well?" Darcy confirmed that her grades were fine and, as their host continued to prattle on about what his sister should or shouldn't do, Lizzie took the opportunity to fill her own plate and escape to sit in the warm afternoon sun. She was glad to recommence her paused conversation with Fitz when he came out to join her. Their conversation drifted from the generalities of her duties at the estate to the more interesting topic of her studies and Lizzie found herself talking with animation. At least she was until she looked around to find Darcy beside them, listening to her words. She couldn't help but respond defensively. "Have you come to eavesdrop on our conversation so you can judge me with your superior knowledge of winemaking?" "I won't say that it wasn't my intention because I'm sure you're secure enough in your own knowledge not to need my reassurance. Besides, I've known you long enough, Lizzie, to understand you like nothing better than taking the piss." Lizzie laughed despite herself. "Don't listen to him, Fitz, or he'll completely denounce me. It's just my luck that someone so detrimental to my reputation just happens to be here, just when I was doing my best to impress." She felt her face flame before even finishing her sentence, her entirely unintentional insinuation paralysing her thoughts. She forced herself to look at Darcy even though she was dying inside. "You know, if you dish dirt on me, I can only retaliate in kind." He met her eyes with an arrested gaze. "Do your worst." Fitz put his empty plate down and leaned forward. "This I have to hear. Darcy going wild on tour?" "Ha! I wouldn't exactly call it wild. The first time I met Darcy, not that he'd even remember, was at the pro tour opening party. To put it bluntly, instead of trying to have a good time like a normal person, your friend here lay his towel and sulked." "Darcy, you lame wad, are you kidding me? While every cute girl in the whole south west is there in a bikini?" "I wasn't sulking! I hardly knew anyone." "And it's impossible to be civil and meet anyone at a beach party. Of course, silly me." Lizzie picked up her empty plate to take back to the gazebo. "I'm going for seconds." "Wait, Lizzie. Are you trying to tell me that if I'd got pissed, groped some surf groupie and then spewed over the host, I'd have been everyone's favourite?" "Why not? It works for Lydia." Darcy gave a crack of laughter. "I wasn't even thinking of your sister. But it's a good point." Fitz made an attempt to reengage in the conversation. "What are you talking about?" Lizzie sighed. "Just some more dirt that Darcy has on me." She met Darcy's eyes again, determined not to let his presence intimidate her. "But I'm not afraid of him. I'm not perfect and I'm entirely willing to expose those imperfections if it means making a new friend...metaphorically speaking." Lizzie felt her treacherous skin start burning yet again and turned her gaze to the pond, as if the sight of the cool water would drain the red warmth from her face. "I don't think I could use anything I know about you against you, Lizzie. And you're right, your social tactics work much better than mine." Darcy's softly spoken words drew her attention back to him and she met his eyes with a candid gaze. She hadn't even begun to think of a response when Mrs de Bourgh broke into their conversation, showing little regard to the previous subject. "Well, I couldn't eat it myself but by the looks of the cannelloni, Elizabeth, you're going to make some girl very happy one day." "What? Uh, thanks, Mrs de Bourgh, I'm glad it was a success. Um, I think I'll go and have some more before it's all gone." Lizzie had entirely lost her appetite but took the opportunity to finally take her empty plate back to the gazebo, grateful to have an excuse to escape the dangerous conversation. Despite the distance, she couldn't help but overhear her host's piercing voice continue. "We should have a proper party if Elizabeth is going to stay. Maybe invite some nice girls for her to meet down here. What do you think, William?" Lizzie froze, straining her ears to pick up Darcy's response, cursing the impetuous decision that had put her in her current situation. "I don't think Lizzie will have any problems making friends on her own without your interference." "But it's so hard for girls like her to meet people in isolated spots like this. It's not exactly gay friendly." "What? Lizzie's not a lesbian." Mrs de Bourgh gave a titter. "I think I'd know better than you, besides, Collins confirmed it." Lizzie couldn't help but look back over her shoulder at Darcy, her stomach plummeting as she waited for him to expose her by disclosing exactly how well he knew her sexual orientation. But instead of responding to his godmother, he gave a laugh and looked back at Lizzie. She gave him a glare in response and shook her head. Darcy turned back to Mrs de Bourgh. "Well, if you do have a party, please invite me. I'd love to see your attempts at matchmaking." As Mrs de Bourgh took the opportunity to explain to Darcy how many successful partnerships she had instigated, Lizzie decided the time had come for her to feign a headache and get out of there. She left without saying goodbye, going straight back to the cottage and changing into her pyjamas, getting into bed and pulling the covers over her head. What was meant to be a simple month of work experience was turning into a convoluted mess and Lizzie wasn't sure how much longer she could maintain the charade. By the following morning Lizzie had resolved to avoid Darcy by any means possible, even if it meant having to cut her time at De Bourgh Estate short. She was pondering exactly how to achieve her aim as she started work the next day. The warm weather of the day before had turned to showers and Lizzie had been assigned to the main cellar, as any outdoor duties were impossible. No matter how high tech the winery was, scrubbing out the cellars required the same effort wherever Lizzie had been employed. And since De Bourgh Estate was the largest winery Lizzie had worked for, it followed that the task was more involved than she had experienced before. It wasn't Lizzie's usual responsibility to do the cleaning but the cellar hand had taken a much deserved holiday for the week, leaving the estate short staffed. The cellars maintained a steady temperature despite the cold, wet weather outside and Lizzie shed her jumper as she worked up a sweat putting the shine back on the stainless steel fixtures. Music at least helped pass the time, the fast beat of the dance music she had chosen to listen to maintaining her pace. So caught up in her task, Lizzie didn't notice the footsteps approaching until they were almost on top of her. She looked up to find Darcy's annoyingly handsome face peering down at her and pulled her ear buds out, unable to help her defensive crouch. "Uh, hi Lizzie." A blush flared up Lizzie's cheeks as she realised Darcy would be able to see straight down her top. She tried to scramble to her feet but the slippery floor made her lose her balance. Trying not to clutch at Darcy made her stagger even more and, despite her best efforts, she ended up face planting into his chest. She regarded his now damp, grimy shirt ruefully. "Did you have to sneak up like that?" "I was hardly sneaking. I was looking for you." Lizzie's words dried up into a tangled mess on her lips as she realised the proximity of their bodies. She was still clutching his arm, smooth muscle tensing beneath the fingers that she didn't pry loose. His hands held her shoulders where he had reached to steady her and although his grip relaxed, he didn't move his hands away. "We've been trying to avoid each other." "Speak for yourself. I can't say I've been avoiding you, more like just getting on with it. I didn't think we had anything to say to one another." Lizzie withdrew her hand and stepped back, feeling the cool stonework against her shoulders. "Besides, if you've been trying to avoid me, it doesn't look like it's been that much of an effort." "Why on earth does my god mother think you're a lesbian?" Lizzie lifted her chin. "Maybe I am." "Come on, Lizzie, don't be ridiculous." "Is this what you wanted to talk to me about? How your great machismo can turn gay girls straight?" "Lizzie you and I both know that's not true. I don't care why everyone here thinks you're gay, I'm sure you had a good reason to make them think it. It's not what I wanted to talk to you about. Stop pretending you don't know what I mean." "Why now after all this time? You had my number and anyway, we said it was a one-time thing. I was completely out of my mind that night. Don't delude yourself with the idea I've been waiting for you to call." Darcy took a step towards her. "Don't I get a chance to even talk to you? You're the one who insisted that what happened between us didn't mean anything." "There is no us and I thought you were quite content with that. A one-night stand during the pro tour is nothing. You and I both know that. Simple, now you can go back to avoiding me again." "I can't, Lizzie. I've tried but I can't." Lizzie's belly flipped as he ran his palm up her shoulders to the nape of her neck, a gasp barely escaping her before he dropped his mouth to hers. Her lips responded reflexively, mind blank. Darcy's fingers buried themselves further into her curls as his other hand slipped around her waist, pulling her into the warm lean cradle of his chest. By the time she pulled her wits together, Lizzie's body was already fully committed to the kiss. Her hands had somehow moved to Darcy's shoulders and, instead of pushing him away, had contrived to pull him closer. The knee that Lizzie allowed to nudge between her thighs was accompanied by a distinct rise in the heat between them. Her mouth opened under his as he pressed her gently but insistently against the wall, her tongue tangling around his as it dipped between her teeth. In the silence of the cellar, all Lizzie could hear was the startled beat of her heart and the erratic arousal of her snatched breaths. Until they were interrupted by the echo of boots, to Lizzie's combined relief and consternation. Charlotte called from the not so distant cellar door. "Darcy, are you in there? Mrs de Bourgh is looking for you, you lucky man." Darcy pulled back from Lizzie and drew his breath on a soft curse but he didn't release his hold. "Tell her I'll be out in a minute, just finishing up." His eyes dropped to Lizzie's mouth and then back up to meet her eyes. "Neither of us are drunk now, Lizzie Bennet, and you still seem pretty interested in kissing me back." Lizzie pushed against his chest so he had to step back from where they were still pressed intimately against the wall. Her retort was fierce, despite the whispered tone. "I'm not interested in getting into anything with you, William Darcy. We have absolutely nothing in common... In fact we despise each other and this...this," she gestured between them, "is only misdirected hate." He leaned forward, his face so close Lizzie thought he was going to kiss her again but instead he brushed his lips against her ear. "I wish you would stop speaking for me, Lizzie." He dropped his arms and stepped back, leaving her stunned in the darkened cellar. Lizzie held her breath as he left, hoping that Charlotte would depart with Darcy but instead her friend's softer footfall sounded further into the room. Before she could even right herself from where she was still leaning against the wall, she was discovered. "Oh, Lizzie." Charlotte shook her head. "What?" Lizzie knew she looked as guilty as sin, but tried her best to play it off. "What on earth did you do to Darcy to make him look like that?"
To all my readers, happy everything and I hope you enjoy this chapter. I've had most of it written since I started as we're at a pivotal moment. Let me know your thoughts. Pre warnings for a bit of foul language, but it was necessary. And to anyone who was confused, there's a small town on the south coast of Western Australia called Demark, which is known for it's wine and beaches. No relation to the European country. See you in the New Year! Despite Lizzie's strong inclination to tell Charlotte everything that had happened between Darcy and herself, when it came to putting it into words, she found herself at a complete loss. Never before had Lizzie concealed so much of her state of mind from those around her; her encounters with the opposite sex had always been fodder for laughter or, in turn, tears with her best friends. There was no denying the sexual tension simmering between Darcy and herself and although she still found him the most provocatively irritating man she had ever met, it felt like she was catapulting toward an inevitable liaison. And despite all the lectures she delivered to herself on the follies of such a path, she found she couldn't make herself hate the idea. Not that this was something Lizzie could evaluate with detachment. She had only just admitted to herself that she was torn between wanting to find Darcy - preferably alone - to give him another piece of her mind, consequences be damned, or packing her bags immediately and running away as far as possible from De Bourgh Estate. Of course, she did neither. Nor did she confess Charlotte or Jane. It gave her more than a twinge of guilt to think about their confusion when they finally found out. If they found out. If she could just control her physical response to Darcy, there seemed to be no reason they should. Lizzie's silence didn't put a stop to Charlotte's merciless teasing however. Her friend was more convinced than ever that Darcy was trying to get Lizzie in the sack. If she knew the real state of affairs, Lizzie would never hear the end of it. The pointed sallies continued all day and into the evening until Lizzie's patience cracked and she escaped to her room in irritation, finally slipping into disturbed dreams long after Charlotte had come to bed. There was at least a small reprieve from the harassment the following day when Lizzie was assigned to an offsite vineyard to work, isolating her from the company of Charlotte and preventing Darcy unexpectedly confronting her. It didn't stop her looking up at any random rustle in the vineyard and expecting to find him before her. It was only after the vintner asked her twice if she was feeling ok that Lizzie shook off her abstraction and made herself concentrate. On her return to the main estate, Lizzie made herself a sandwich and escaped to her bedroom, partly to avoid Charlotte but mostly to distract herself by Skyping her sister in Sydney. If she was going to tell Charlotte what had been going on, Lizzie felt duty bound to confess to her primary confidante first. But it had been difficult to talk to Jane of anything of importance. She brushed over the brief catch up she'd had with Bingley's sisters, talking instead of the interesting duties at her internship and the new contacts she had made. Her conversation was casually bright but Lizzie knew her sister too well to overlook the hidden hurt of Augusta's and particularly Caroline's avoidance of any further meetings. It didn't feel appropriate to add to that betrayal by informing Jane about her own transgressions. All she ended up saying was that Darcy had visited the Estate but she'd had little opportunity to speak to him beyond the fact that he had also been in Sydney while Bingley was there. It was all turning into such a seething mess of deceit that Lizzie barely knew where to start. So instead she changed the turn of conversation to the banalities of her own days, sketching a picture of the estate activities and the characters that inhabited it. It was hardly a satisfying exchange and after a number of unusually awkward silences, Lizzie farewelled her sister and went to bed. Sleep wasn't exactly forthcoming though, and it wasn't thoughts of her sister or of Charlotte that kept her awake. If she were to allow anything further to happen between Darcy and herself, the complexities of hiding it from everyone she was close too were just too duplicitous to be considered. And if they were found out, her previous vehement expressions of dislike exposed her to ridicule. Not that anyone would really blame her; the man was too good looking to be believed. The more she thought on it, the more convinced Lizzie became that if she did tell Charlotte, her friend would be more inclined to advise Lizzie to take advantage of Darcy rather than rebuff his advances. Jane would also be unlikely to tease her; it would be more like her sister to worry about future interactions with an indifferent Bingley. And she would know that Darcy was privy to Bingley's most private thoughts. Any intimacy between the two of them would feel like an unforgiveable betrayal if she didn't try and probe Darcy for further information on the feelings of his friend. The idea made Lizzie too uncomfortable to pursue any further. Wickham's friendship would be lost and, though that thought didn't cause her more heartache, it felt like a betrayal of their connection as well. Lizzie was in such a tangle that when she finally dropped off in the early hours of the morning, she awoke feeling as though she'd barely slept at all. The day started with heavy eyes, even lower spirits, and a resolve to avoid Darcy at any cost. She approached her work with such single-minded intensity that Lizzie finished her duties by the early afternoon, leaving her with a rare few hours free. Rather than hang around the cottage, she decided to take advantage of the clear winters day by walking the perimeter of the main estate. Despite the cold shadows, the day shone bright and Lizzie found the walk warmed her enough for her to remove her beanie and jacket to enjoy the sun against her back. But the beauty of the afternoon did a little to divert her from another fruitless examination of the thoughts of the previous evening. Her resolutions should have given her at least some peace, but her contrary brain still tried to find a way she could retain her self respect while taking advantage of Darcy's availability. If she were truly honest with herself, she was unsure if she would be capable of resisting her own lustful response if Darcy did approach her again. Lizzie had stopped to observe some splendid blue wrens busy in a grevillea thicket when she heard her name called close by. Fitz came walking toward her from between a row of bare vines. "Lizzie! Here's luck for me. Do you mind if I join you on your walk?" Lizzie smiled back at him, though she wasn't in the mood for company. "Not at all, Fitzie, but I'm just walking the fire breaks. It'll be pretty boring for you." "Suits me fine." He fell in beside her as she resumed her stroll up the cleared path that protected the vineyard from the national park that bordered the property. The karri forest held an abundance of chattering wildlife taking advantage of the weather and Lizzie and Fitz pointed out birds to each other as they made their way along. In time their conversation became less general and Lizzie couldn't help but enquire how he became so close to Darcy. "It seems like you're pretty involved with Pemberley Estate even though you don't work in wine?" "Well, I'm very interested in wine even though I'm in politics. Perhaps even more so because of it." Fitz grinned. "So it's highly convenient for me that Darcy and I are second cousins. Though really, I guess I'm the closest family he has, except for Georgie. He lost his father pretty young and it's just been him and her since he was about 21." "It must have been fairly limiting for Darcy to be guardian of a teenager and he so young himself. She lives in Denmark with him?" Lizzie hid her prior knowledge of Darcy's little sister in her interest to hear if Fitzie's account of her matched the image of a precocious brat that both Wickham's and Caroline's descriptions had conjured. "She was in boarding school in Perth but I think Darcy was pretty lonely so she came back to the high school in Denmark." "No doubt it was more convenient for him when she wasn't around." "She chose to go to boarding school in the first place so he'd be more free to do his thing, but Darcy's a homebody really." "And perhaps more interested in his wine than anything else?" "I don't know, Darcy has a reputation of being distant but he's pretty attentive to his close friends. Take Charlie Bingley for instance. He was knocking about with a new girl he was even considering quitting the pro tour for, but Darcy talked him out of it." Lizzie started in shock, trying to cover her jerky movement by putting her beanie back on. She made her answer as disinterested as she was capable. "Is that right? What was his problem with the girl?" "A fairly violent distaste for her family, and Darcy had reason to think she was only into Bing for his money." Lizzie frowned. "I've met Charlie a few times and he seemed a nice enough guy to attract women for more reason than that. What did Darcy think was wrong with her family? He must have had fairly explicit reasons." "All he said was that they were a pack of bogans, but he must have heard or seen something to be so vehement against them. I heard Bing was pretty cut up about it all." Lizzie felt so angry she couldn't trust herself to respond. She bit her lip to prevent the retort that was brewing in her throat and walked on in silence. Fitz nudged her with his elbow. "Sorry, Lizzie, I seem to have upset you. What's bothering you?" "I just find it a little off, that's all. I don't know what gives Darcy the right to mess around with his friends' relationships. How would you feel if he did that to you?" Fitz made a face. "I wouldn't like it at all. I never thought about it like that." Lizzie attempted to make her response final. The conversation was starting to make her feel a little sick. "Perhaps it was all one sided though. I guess we'll never know." "Yeah, but it doesn't reflect very well on Darcy if it wasn't." Lizzie, knowing that it wasn't and it didn't, couldn't bring herself to answer without betraying herself. They walked on in silence, her distracted steps lagging a little. A shiver ran over her as the sun slipped behind a cloud and she fumbled with her jacket to put it back on. "Are you ok, Lizzie?" Fitz peered into her face in concern. "You've gone a bit pale." She took a breath to steady herself but her words still came out in a jumbled rush. "I'm always that colour, but now you mention it, I am feeling a bit crook. I'm probably overtired, I haven't been sleeping well." "Here, I'll walk you back to the house. I know a short cut. You really look like you need to lie down." Lizzie hid in her small room when she returned from the walk, begging off from the invitation extended from the big house to come up for dinner by citing a headache. The solitude gave her some space to consider what she had learned from Fitz. How her sister, the sweetest, most loyal friend in the world had had her heart trashed, had been caused months of misery by the direct influence of William Darcy. His disregard of Jane, and indeed of herself, dominated Lizzie's thoughts until she almost had the migraine she complained of. All her confusion over her true feelings for the man was at an end. Clearly her first impressions were correct and he was indeed the arrogant, self-important narcissist she had initially taken him for. When her housemates finally departed and the cottage fell silent, Lizzie left the confines of her room in the hope that she could also escape her oppressive thoughts. She took a blanket against the cold and sat in the garden to watch the dusky sunset, still mulling over her new found knowledge, when a firm footfall drew her attention. The man at the centre of her thoughts was standing before her, his face shadowed by the fading light on the horizon behind him. "Lizzie, Charlotte said you weren't feeling well? I hope you're ok?" Darcy's look was all conciliation. "Uh...yes...I'm ok." His unexpected presence threw her into such confusion Lizzie hardly knew what to say. Darcy sat down in the wicker chair beside her, his expression troubled as he fidgeted with the zipper of his jacket. He seemed more unsettled than Lizzie had ever seen him. She thought him on the verge of speech when he stood up again and paced across the lawn before abruptly turning back to her. "Lizzie, god knows I've tried to stop, but I can't. It makes no sense but you've been on my mind almost every waking moment, and most of the sleeping ones as well." Darcy stepped closer to the astonished girl before him and gave a mirthless crack of laughter. "We both know it's ridiculous to consider, our lives and families wouldn't fit together at all but I can't help but still think about you. You said you're not looking for a relationship but we could still have some fun together. No strings attached, I promise." Lizzie felt as though she'd been poleaxed, barely able to comprehend what she was hearing. She drew a breath, trying to make her response light. "What are you suggesting, casual sex? You want to be fuck buddies?" Darcy looked a little startled at her words. "I was more thinking friends with benefits but I can get used to your vernacular." Lizzie shook her blanket off and stood up, her voice tight. "How do we go about this arrangement?" Had Darcy been more acquainted with Lizzie's moods he would have proceeded warily but instead he blundered forward. "I guess...we could meet at hotel, or bed and breakfast, somewhere convenient for us both. I hadn't really thought it through but Denmark isn't so far from Margaret River." "Or we could go camping, no one would think to find us there." Lizzie took another step forward until she was almost chest to chest with him. The light was fast fading but she could still see how Darcy's lips curled up into a smug smile, making her fingers twitch with an urge to slap it off him. Still, a perverse part of her wanted to agree to his plan. She couldn't help but wonder how exactly a secret dirty rendezvous with Darcy would go down. "Do you call me or do I call you?" Darcy leaned closer. "I guess we work that out as we go along." Lizzie pushed away his arms before they could slide around her waist, unable to maintain the charade any longer. "You make me sick. You're too embarrassed by the difference in our statuses and my shameful family to be seen with me but you'd be happy to sleep with me in secret? Who the fuck do you think you are?" "That's not what I meant, Lizzie. I'm not ashamed to be seen with you. You said you weren't interested in getting into anything with me, but then you kissed me until I couldn't think straight." "You kissed me!" "Come on, it wasn't like you didn't kiss me back." "And because I slept with you before, I must be up for it again?" "I just thought you didn't want anyone to know. You send the most confusing signals of any girl I've ever met." "You think I'm confusing? This from the man who spends half his time either stalking me or putting me down? You think my family and I are completely beneath you and your friends." "That's ridiculous." "Oh, is it? I know you actively encouraged Bingley to split up with Jane. Don't look so shocked, Darcy. Your friend Fitz told me about what you did. I didn't tell him the girl in question was my sister, though why I spared you that exposure I hardly know. You put Jane through misery and then have the effrontery to think I'm going to agree to sleeping with you on the sly?" Lizzie jabbed her finger into his chest. "Clearly the Bennet sisters aren't good enough for a relationship, only for a quick screw and then out of sight, out of mind!" Darcy tried to stop her hand with his own but she snatched it away. "Lizzie, that's not how it is. Your sister is a nice girl but I don't think she was right for Bingley." "And why do you get to be the judge of that?" "He was ready to drop the tour so he could stay with Jane. And she did nothing to convince me that she was anything more than a tour groupie. There no evidence that I saw that made me think she thought any more of him than any other guy." "My sister works in event management, dickhead, she is not a groupie. So if you didn't see her treat Bingley any different to anyone else, it's because she's a professional. You on the other hand are a controlling arsehole who polices his friends relationships, with no regard to anyone's feelings but his own." "You can't insult me into regretting talking Charlie out of pursuing Jane. He would have been giving everything for something that wouldn't last anyway. Believe me, Lizzie, there have been a string of 'Jane's'." Lizzie nearly trembled with rage. "Has he wanted to quit surfing for anyone before." "No, but that made it even worse. And her going on tour with him would have been disastrous. The girls who follow it behave even worse than your sister Lydia." "Did you ever consider that people were capable of concealing their insecurities in ways that aren't always clear? Jane is actually very shy, especially around arrogant, judgemental misogynists like you! You're lucky she said a word to you. And Lydia is barely 16 for fuck's sake. What gives you the right to go around condemning children? I can't imagine what it must be like to be your sister." "If my sister carried on the way Lydia does, you can be sure I'd intervene." Darcy's face had grown dark. "And if you'd stop abusing me for more than a second, you might hear my side of this." "No, you listen. I know what you did to George Wickham too. You have a history of manipulating and discarding people who are supposed to be your friends." Darcy stopped his pacing dead, stepping closer toward her. "And what exactly did I do to George Wickham?" Lizzie lifted her chin, refusing to let his invasion of her body space intimidate her "Don't pretend you don't know what I'm talking about." "No, please enlighten me. I'd love to hear his version of events." "You ignored your father's wishes and rejected him from Pemberley Estate entirely. You have given him none of the support that is his by right!" Darcy's lips went white. "After every foul name you've called me, this is the worst. How long have you been thinking of me like this? When you kissed me? When you were sleeping with me?" "I thought I was pretty clear about that mistake." Darcy shook his head. "It doesn't add up, Lizzie. If I hadn't made you so angry by propositioning you, though you're the one who jumped to that conclusion, if I'd tried to sweet talk you instead, I doubt you'd be so insulted." Lizzie looked skyward in disbelief. "Are out of your mind? If you'd come here in all sincerity to tell me that you wanted to see me for me alone, I might have felt some pity for your ego while I still told you to get fucked. There was no possible way you could have approached me that would have tempted me to start any type of liaison with you. From the first, I was completely off put by your pigheaded arrogance, your disregard for others and your holier than thou attitude." It was Darcy's turn to look stunned. "You weren't so put off during that night back in April." "I will never regret anything as much as I do that night and not least because it made you think I'm an easy lay. Let me tell you, Darcy, even if you were the last fucking man on earth, I wouldn't let you touch me again." Darcy went stiff, his habitually reserved expression closing down his face. "You've said enough. I now understand how you feel about me perfectly. I can only feel like an idiot that my own feelings were so far off. I'll make it easier for you by avoiding you from now on." He stalked away from her across the lawn, disappearing into the bank of trees that protected the cottage. Lizzie pressed her hand to her mouth to prevent the building sobs breaking from her lips. It wasn't until she heard Darcy's footsteps fade entirely that she let the ragged gasps out to echo round the empty garden. The cold predawn found Lizzie still sleepless, no matter how gritty eyed and exhausted she felt. She checked her phone for the umpteenth time, wondering how long til she could get up, tempted to have a sick day and stay in bed with the covers over her head for the foreseeable future. Every instinct told her that the time had come to leave De Bourgh Estate, even though Darcy was unlikely to approach her again. But she wasn't even sure if she could be civil in his company and abusing him in front of her employer was not going to do her professional reputation any favours. It would mean cutting her stay short by two weeks but try as Lizzie might she was unable to conjure a good enough excuse to account for such an abrupt departure. Finally she arose, quietly donning her dressing gown and padding downstairs to make a cup of tea and consider her options with a clearer head. The kitchen was deserted, the hour still to early for any of her colleagues to awaken, though she didn't think she would be alone for very long. She went outside to prolong her solitude, watching the red fingers of sunrise tracing lines on the eastern horizon. The morning was freezing cold, the frosted lawn brittle beneath Lizzie's bare feet. She was about to head back inside when her phone sounded an email alert. The sight of Darcy's name on the screen made her stomach turn over and she hesitated only momentarily before sending it to the trash file. Lizzie stuffed the phone back in her pocket and took another few steps onto the lawn, almost enjoying the freezing burn on her toes. But the pain couldn't divert her curiosity. Whether Darcy was writing to abuse her in return or if he was offering an apology, she wasn't capable of resisting the temptation to find out. By the time she retrieved the file and read the opening words, her mind was so numb any thought of her feet was forgotten. Lizzie, Please don't think that this letter brings a repeat request for what you found so repellent last night. I can only express my deepest apologies for having misread your feelings and reiterate the fact that I, in no way, meant to insult you. I guess I tried to present myself to you in the only way I thought you might be interested and I can't regret my mistake more than you could me making it. I'm writing to you because I can't leave our, I'm not sure of the word to describe it, acquaintance at the place it was last night without giving you some kind of defence for my actions. You accused me of two great injustices toward people you supposed should be my friends. Certainly, in regard to Bingley, whose best interests I always hope to have at heart, I can only offer that my interference was well intentioned. When I said there have been many women like Jane in Bingley's life, it wasn't strictly true. Yes, there has been a circus of girls on the circuit and until the night of his party in Yallingup, I thought she was just like any other of them. But that night, when I realised the depth of his feelings for her, I observed your sister carefully to try and ascertain if she felt the same way. Try as I might, I can't say that I saw her show any preference for him. That Jane was as affected as you suggest, I can only take your word for. As her sister you know her in ways that I could only guess at but seeing her as an outsider, I still feel my actions were correct by the knowledge I had gained through seeing her interactions with my friend Bingley. Lizzie exclaimed aloud, her warm breath pluming mist in the cold air. The fury that Darcy's words reignited sent a surge of warmth through her, making her painfully aware of the frozen feeling in her hands and feet. Her fingers were so cold, she could barely scroll down the screen to keep reading. Lights turned on the windows above her, signalling the stirring of her housemates. There was no way Lizzie could face company so she slipped on the gum boots that sat by the door and walked away from the house as she continued to read. George Wickham, on the other hand, affected my family's' and my own life in ways I still find it difficult to discuss even now. As the son of my fathers most trusted employee, we were thrown together throughout my childhood. We were as close as brothers. Things changed when I was 12 and went to boarding school. He was resentful, I guess, of the opportunities I was offered, whereas his life had already been planned out for him, by the best of intentions of his and my own father. He withdrew from me and I did from him as well, finding friends at school who I had more in common with. Even surfing, which we had learned together as toddlers, became competition. His dad died when we were both 15, in an accident on the vineyards. My father felt a responsibility to make sure he was given every opportunity, even more than his own father could have offered him. We went to university together, which my father paid for, both studying a double major in viticulture and commerce, living together in a house near campus. Our lifestyles were very different and the experience drove us further apart. George wasn't interested in study and spent most of his time partying or sleeping with freshers, using drugs recreationally. He started using more and more and I although I wanted to tell my father, I kept it to myself because he had always loved George. Even when he finally dropped out to try his luck on the surfing circuit, my father helped him out with expenses. I never told Dad that the majority of the money he sent George was put straight up his arm. This is the only thing I regret in my dealings with him. If I had told my father, there is no doubt in my mind that he would have sent George to rehab through any physical or financial means possible. My own father died when I was 21 and my sister Gigi only 11. I was in my final undergraduate year but postponed my studies and went back to Pemberley to make sure I kept custody of my sister. I hadn't seen George since he left uni but he came to see me, ostensibly to grieve for my father but to also ask for money or a job. I didn't want to employ him at all, let alone give him the management position my dad had always thought would be his because I didn't think I could trust him. But I said that if he went to rehab, I'd pay for the rest of his studies and if he wanted to work towards the manager's position at Pemberley, then it would be his as soon as he had the qualifications. George said that he didn't want to go back to study but took up my offer of rehab. He said that if he could just get away from the scene he was involved in, he was sure that could quit the gear. At least he had finally admitted he had a problem so I paid for his flights and a three-month stay at a centre in Thailand. The management informed me that he had checked out after 1 week and I never directly heard from George again. I made some enquiries but when they didn't turn up any trace of him, I assumed our relationship had reached its natural conclusion and tried to move on with Gigi's and my own life. That was almost five years ago. About a year and a half ago he came back into our lives. Gigi was only 15 and at boarding school in Perth. She had run into Wickham at the cinema, and knowing nothing of what I knew about him, arranged to keep seeing him. Why she didn't tell me I only know now. She thought I would think she had a silly crush on an older man and put an end to it. This went on for months against my knowledge. I wish I had told her what I knew of George but I thought she was too young to understand. It wasn't until I got a message from her school that she had disappeared that I found out what was going on. Her friend at boarding school confessed that they had been visiting George at a house in the city. A friend of his had even signed them out of school overnight, masquerading as a family friend under the name of Sharon Younge. I knew he'd be trying to hide from me so I hired a private investigator to check the place out and he found her there. I've never been anywhere so sordid. Gigi was pretty strung out. I won't distress you with the details of it all but it was only through her insistence that I didn't press charges against him. I wanted to see him in jail but I guess, in retrospect, the media circus would have made our lives intolerable. At least I broke his nose. Gigi hasn't suffered any lasting damage the psych assures me, though she still sees her counsellor on a regular basis. She's lived at Pemberley since then and attends the local high school in Denmark. I try not to be too overprotective but what happened to her isn't something I can forget quickly. Nor forgive. Thank god I found her when I did. What he was grooming her for I shudder to imagine. His revenge against me would have been total. And for what I really still don't know. Forgive me if I've taken up too much of your time with this but I had to disclose my experiences with Wickham to you fully. What you do with the information is up to you but I have to ask you to respect my sister in what information you share. She was, and still is a child in this and if word got out to the media her life would be made a misery. If all this email does is to make you treat George Wickham with caution when you see him again, then it's served its purpose. That is, if you are reading it at all and didn't delete it outright. I wouldn't blame you if you had. Yours, William Darcy
Lizzie's pretty hard on herself in this chapter but I'm sure you'll agree that we've all been there. Well, I have anyway! Happy reading. The hour Lizzie started work was imminent but still her feet lingered, incapable of retracing her steps to the cottage and playing it cool with her colleagues, pretending that her whole image of the world, and herself in it, hadn't just been turned on its head. She continued walking, eyes blind to the beauty of the dawn as she read Darcy's words to her. It was only when she stumbled over a trellis wire that she paused, surprised to find the sun fully risen and a day as fair as any winter in the southwest could deliver had begun. The cold steel of the fencing posts bit into her hands as Lizzie gazed over the misty vineyard, her calm exterior betraying no hint of her troubled mind. Initially her instinct had been to deny the whole, keenly convinced there were no excuses that Darcy could offer to justify his actions. If he was so mistaken about Jane's feelings toward Bingley, surely the rest was just as outrageous. But, as she read through the email yet again, she couldn't ignore the sincerity of Darcy's words nor how the recounted elements of Wickham's character rang true. It was such an extraordinary tale; it seemed impossible that Darcy could concoct it in order to manipulate her feelings toward him. As Lizzie thought with greater breadth than she had allowed before, it seemed absurd that she hadn't picked up on the darker shades of Wickham's personality. His careful cultivation of her, her family and circle of friends, playing on her not so secret dislike of Darcy, feeding her morsels of information guaranteed to raise her ire and cement her opinion. It made Lizzie feel sick. The only thing she felt grateful for was that she hadn't been completely sucked in. But the thought gave her no satisfaction; if Wickham hadn't shown his womanising tendencies early, she would have fallen hook, line and sinker. That folly, Lizzie could barely concede to herself, let alone examine. Even Wickham's employment was doubtful. He had mentioned working the grape circuit but she had never heard of him talk of any particular vineyard. It embarrassed Lizzie that she had never thought to ask, so ready to bitch about Darcy when she hung out with Wickham, she could barely recall them discussing any other topic of conversation. She had been convinced that his caginess was due to inability to trust people, but it seemed now that it had more to do with keeping his worlds apart. Lizzie had never questioned his motives before. What had been so easy, so natural, was evidently just careful machination. Lizzie blew out her breath, watching it plume in the cold air, and wondered how she could have been so deceived. She had always prided herself on good character judgement. To be so taken in rocked Lizzie to her very toes. Even now, when her rational mind was completely convinced to the truth of Darcy's words, her baser self kept trying to find a loophole that would justify her behaviour. The transgressions against Darcy's family, so candidly laid out in his email, stunned Lizzie. She had no evidence that could refute them. Neither had he provided proof to support his claims and there was little she could do to find any for herself. If she confronted Wickham, Lizzie was sure he would deny the whole. She briefly considered asking Fitz what he knew but discarded the thought almost immediately. For one, the impropriety of raising something so personal with someone she barely knew wasn't something her already battered self image could cope with and, furthermore, it was unlikely that Darcy would share such a tale if it couldn't be corroborated by his companion. No matter what aspersions Lizzie had previously cast on Darcy's character, deception had never been one of them. The thought made her feel even more ashamed of herself. She had been so cocksure, so ready to slay Darcy at every opportunity with little more justification than her own irritation. And her poor, darling Jane. When Lizzie discounted all the insight she had into Jane's heart, she had to admit that her sister's control over emotional display hadn't done her relationships any favours. To the dispassionate observer, Jane in love was little different from Jane heartbroken. Even Charlotte had commented on Jane's reticence in showing her feelings. As hard as it was for Lizzie to disregard the preference she would always feel for her sister, she found that perhaps it wasn't so outrageous that Darcy would step in to prevent Bingley compromising his career for a girl he suspected of prioritising her own interests. Darcy had barely seen Jane out of her professional capacity and he could hardly be blamed for trying to protect his friend. The behaviour of her family, and even Lizzie herself, couldn't have assured him of her sister's true feelings. Fitz's confidences rang painfully true; the Bennet family were a pack of bogans. As much as Lizzie and Jane had laughed at it, they had despaired in equal measure, trying all the while not to care that the same brush staining them was unavoidable. Lizzie was so aware of her family's outrageous antics that defensiveness had become second nature. She felt like she spent half her time in damage control and the other half trying to forge an identity entirely separate to them. Jane's compassionate heart and sense of obligation made her guard her feelings, no matter how she may cringe at their oblivious behaviour. The knowledge that it was this reaction that had been the true downfall of Jane's budding relationship with Bingley was the very worst realisation of all. Self-sabotage was clearly something the sisters had in common. Lizzie's phone beeped an alert and she looked down at it, fearful that it was another message from Darcy. Lizzie, where are you? I thought you'd gone to work early but you're not here... To find that it was Charlotte didn't exactly enhance Lizzie's mood. It just made her more aware of the looming day and how she had to pull herself together if she was to avoid unwelcome questions. Her numb fingers struggled to type out a response. The bright morning sun belied the freezing temperature and it dawned on Lizzie that she could barely feel her feet. I can't shake this bloody headache. I hoped a walk would help but I'm still not flash. Lizzie made herself turn her footsteps toward the cottage, trying to decide whether she should ask Charlotte to cover for her or do her best to get through the day at work. Despite her disturbed sleep she felt wide awake and knew that if she stayed home, the day would consist of fruitless revisitation of the thoughts that were currently obsessing her. The heavy eyes and general dishevelment that greeted her in the bathroom mirror almost made her change her mind but she schooled her expression into something resembling content, pulled on her work clothes and headed out into the vineyard to join her workmates. The casual conversation paused as she joined the crew and Charlotte put her tools down to step forward and meet her. "You feeling any better, Lizzie?" Lizzie shrugged, wanting to avoid attention as much as possible. "A bit. I'm ok." "You sure? I don't want to catch anything." She gave a half-hearted laugh in response. "It's just a headache, I don't think it's infectious." "You missed Fitz and Darcy. They popped through to say goodbye. They sent their best. Well, Fitzy did anyway. Darcy was his usual grumpy self." Lizzie's heart thumped but she just nodded in response and turned to the toolbox on the ute, falling to the first task at hand with little consideration to what it was. She could have wished that the mechanics of mending trellis were involved enough to divert her mind. As it was, the day passed painfully slowly. For once the monotony of the job wasn't tempered by the easy banter of her colleagues. Instead her mind whirled in the same loop for the duration of the day. Darcy's departure should have given her some closure but it also meant there was no opportunity for Lizzie to defend herself. She had always thought she was someone who could confront issues face first but as she sat on her bed that evening, trying to compose a reply to Darcy, she felt like a coward. It was impossible to respond to Darcy without admitting how far her misconceptions had gone. And, furthermore, it was likely he would think she was trying to reignite his feelings for her. It was too humiliating. She had abused him too fully to expect him to even forgive her. When she revisited the things she had said, Lizzie physically cringed, rolling into a ball on the bed and groaning. "Lizzie. You are such an idiot." But something had to be said. Some communication to tell him she respected his attempt to tell her his side of things, and that she had listened. Darcy, I really appreciate your effort to inform me about Wickham, and to protect my family and I, by sharing something that would have been painful for you. I acknowledge that I placed my trust to quickly and will try to be more cautious in future. Thanks for trusting me with this knowledge and I wish you the best for the future. Lizzie It was too brief. It said nothing of Lizzie's shame or her realisation of the broader perspectives in the situation. There was no apology for her actions or justification for her behaviour. Any attempt she made to put that into words had turned into a flood of defences. It didn't feel appropriate to pour her heart into her reply, debasing herself, and more than likely boring Darcy with excuses. She pressed send before she could second guess herself and lay back on the bed, tugging her pillow over her eyes. It was done and already she regretted, though why that was, she couldn't ascertain. She had no desire for a reply, the curt nature of her email surely implied that. It was useless to aim for redemption, time and forgetfulness was all she could hope for. It would take time for Lizzie to reconstruct her self trust but she was made of resilient stuff and it wasn't too long before she felt a little more philosophical. She found wine was perhaps the most helpful tool and that, at least, could be found in abundance. The maxim of 'fake it till you make it' seemed apt enough for her social interactions. Her last week at De Bourgh Estate was so filled with the distraction of work, and her colleagues desire to see them off in style, that she forced herself to be outwardly cheerful. It felt that any display of low spirits would be connected to Darcy, not her mortification over her own behaviour, and Charlotte was already suspicious enough. It was only when she was alone that she allowed herself to really indulge unpleasant recollections. The hours between retiring to bed and actual sleep were tormented by self doubt. In order to farewell their time there, Mrs de Bourgh had arranged a dinner party, inviting the estate employees and a few from surrounding vineyards. Lizzie tried to enjoy herself but found conversing an effort, preoccupied by the memories of the times she had sat there before. She sat in Mrs de Bourgh's living room, letting the conversation drift around her with little inclination to join in. "You're out of sorts, Elizabeth. You've said nothing all night." Lizzie nearly jumped out of her skin when her hostess sat down next to her. She wasn't her usual self, she knew it, but that it was Mrs de Bourgh that noticed seemed to be some kind of cruel joke to Lizzie. "You must be upset that your time here is drawing to an end?" Lizzie gave a half smile as she nodded. "Yes, that's it." "The idea of returning to your old job must seem very flat." Lizzie couldn't think of an appropriate answer so she just repeated the gesture she had made to the previous statement. Mrs de Bourgh looked grimly pleased. "Well, you'll be pleased to know you don't have to. I've been watching you closely and I think you'd be an asset to the team here. Your contract will be for a trial of three months, starting immediately and then continuing as assistant manager if your conduct is satisfactory." "Thanks so much for the offer, Mrs de Bourgh..." Her employer smirked and opened her mouth to interrupt but Lizzie continued over the top of her. "But, unfortunately I can't accept." Mrs de Bourgh made a face, as much as her frozen face was able. "Elizabeth, you'll find the remuneration very generous. You should hear the terms before you start trying to negotiate." "It's not the salary, Mrs de Bourgh, I'm sure it's fair. I just don't think De Bourgh Estate is the right thing for me at the moment." Collins, who had been hovering close by, looked ready to intercede, his face showing both horror and disbelief that Lizzie could be so casual about declining Mrs de Bourgh's offer. His employer silenced him with an uplifted hand before he managed to splutter out his objections. "Consider, Elizabeth, the career head start you are declining. We have connections all over the world and are very progressive. It would take you years to find a similar position, if at all." "I appreciate your feedback, Mrs de Bourgh, but I've really been neglecting my study while I've been here and feel it should be my primary concern." "Well, I admire your commitment to self improvement but really, I wasn't formally educated past high school and you won't see gaps in my knowledge." Mrs de Bourgh sniffed. "But I suppose I'm unique in my understanding of the industry." She seemed to expect a response so Lizzie tried to make an agreeable sound and nodded her head again. "If only we could all be so lucky." "With the position I'm offering, that knowledge is accessible to you. You'll find that De Bourgh estate on your resume is far more influential than letters after your name." "I'm sure you'll understand that I feel obligated to finishing my masters degree and if I work for you as well, I don't feel I could do either justice." Lizzie tried to be conciliatory to get Mrs de Bourgh to back off. "Maybe when I'm finished another position might become available?" The words were hard to say. It would be the very last thing Lizzie could ever choose to consider. "Opportunities like this don't come up very often." Mrs de Bourgh picked up her wineglass, using it to punctuate her next words. "However, I am convinced you are actually serious. Fine. Charlotte, your work has also been acceptable and although I don't think you're as ambitious as Elizabeth, perhaps that will suit De Bourgh Estate better." She shot Collins a piercing glance as she continued, making him wilt back into his chair. "I offer you the same terms. I hope that at least one of you will consider the generosity of my offer." Charlotte's face broke into a genuine smile and Lizzie felt her world get a little smaller. "I'd be delighted to accept, Mrs de Bourgh." Lizzie couldn't resent Charlotte but it still felt like a betrayal that her friend was going to stay. It was impossible to discuss before they returned to the cottage but the minute Lizzie shut the door on their small room, she questioned Charlotte's decision. "What are you thinking? A contract with Mrs de Bourgh will be impossible to get out of." "Why should I want to get out of it? Yes, she's not the most compelling employer I've come across but the perks of working here are pretty good." Lizzie couldn't think of one accompanying benefit and said as much. "You're going to be working day in day out next to Collins. Where's the perk in that? "Lizzie, he's not that bad once you learn how to avoid him. I won't stay here forever, but I'm not like you. I'm not ambitious; I just want to be comfortable. And I don't want to work for my dad forever." She sat down on her bed, tugging Lizzie down beside her. "Mrs de Bourgh is right, there's opportunity here. Plus she owns so many small holdings that I won't be at the main estate for long. I'll get a managerial position for sure. Besides if it all gets too much, De Bourgh Estate is definitely better resume material than my Dad's farm, and I'll move on. A year or two here would be enough to get me a look in at another winery." It was difficult for Lizzie to accede to her friend that she had a point. Charlotte had never cared much about furthering her education or her career. She had only ever wanted a secure job that would allow her the freedom to live her life as she pleased. And she had moaned for as long as Lizzie had known her how stifling she found working for her father. But the decision put a further damper on her mood and she and Charlotte barely talked as Lizzie finished up her last days at De Bourgh Estate. It became almost impossible to maintain even the pretence of a good mood. Lizzie read Darcy's email so many times she didn't even have to open it to recall it exactly, his words intruding into her thoughts, unhelpful and unwelcome, at any given time of day or night. Her emotional response was wildly variable. At times, she could still conjure outrage at his interference, but mostly only felt disappointment at herself. But as much as she couldn't hate him anymore, neither did she want to see him or hear from him. If even the thought of him could evince such a sense of shame, to see him in person would just make her want to dig a hole and bury herself. Even though she always felt antagonistic in Darcy's company, Lizzie recognised the enjoyment she had felt sparring with him, and not just the verbal context. She couldn't stop revisiting every one of their interactions, seeing them in a vastly different light through the revelations of his disclosures to her. Memories of the night they spent together plagued her. It also made her look in detail at her knowledge of Wickham. And she felt vengeful. He had done no harm to her own family but his predatorial behaviour towards Darcy's sister disgusted her. Taking revenge on someone was one thing but to try to destroy an underage teenage girl in the process was despicable. Part of her couldn't wait to rip him a new arsehole; imagining doing so was the thing that she most looked forward to after seeing her Dad. But she hesitated, the desire to expose Wickham paled next to the need to protect a young woman, Darcy's sister, from the further damage such a decision would be bound to inflict. She only hoped Wickham would have left the Margaret River region by the time she returned so she wouldn't have to confront her indecision. But his Facebook page showed no such good fortune. There were recent pictures of him a party at Denny's and a few more of him surfing at close by breaks. But what was more cause for concern was the number of likes her sister Lydia had put on almost every one of his comments or posts. It was definitely past time for her to return home. Without her or Jane's measuring presence, their father didn't stand a chance against the rest of the inhabitants of the house and Lydia would be running wild. Her youngest sister's feed was curiously empty of anything incriminating but no doubt she had blocked Lizzie from viewing most of it. She couldn't regret Bingley more either. It had been tolerable when she thought him the villain, that he had carelessly discarded Jane, but to know that he had been affected as her sister was, that perhaps he had deserved her beloved sister, despite his weakness of character. It never stopped niggling at her, the necessity of confessing to Jane all of the bad behaviour, misconceptions, and subsequent events that played into the inevitability of their current situation. Jane's return from Sydney coincided with Lizzie's departure from De Bourgh Estate so she delayed her return home and drove directly to Perth to pick her sister up from the airport. It gave her the opportunity to make an appointment with her thesis advisor and address the concerns he had been expressing over the delay in her next chapter draft. Despite her best intentions, Lizzie had achieved very little in her time away. She felt like she had gone backwards, finding it difficult to regain the required focus on her studies. Every time she picked up her research it felt flat and uninspired, but she resigned herself to it, suspecting that it was the only way to move away from the despondency that had been characterising her days. She determined to put all her energy in completing her masters with distinction and put the past months behind her. Lizzie parked the car and waited at the arrival gates at Perth airport, despite Jane's protestations that she should just wait at the pick up zone for her. Her sister's face lit up at the sight of her but it didn't distract Lizzie from noticing how drawn it had been in the moments before Jane realised she was observed. It wasn't until they were on the highway on the way south and out of the city traffic that their conversation became more serious and Lizzie could bring herself to confess to Jane her mental state, and the events that had provoked it over the past few months. Her sister's face became more and more astonished as Lizzie disclosed everything. "Let me get this straight. You slept with William Darcy at Charlie's party and you never even told me?" "I never meant it to be this long, Janey, but I just couldn't find a way to tell you. I'm sorry it's only happening now." Jane, as expected, was both hurt and confused. "Lizzie, how could you? I tell you everything." "I don't know, I tried so many times but the right words never came and then it seemed to late andI can't give you any other answers." Jane's distressed expression became thoughtful. "So that was the thing you couldn't tell me about. I can hardly believe it. And then he propositioned you at De Bourgh Estate?" "Not exactly, well, yes he did, kind of. I thought he did but then something he said later made me think he wanted more but then See why I couldn't tell you? I can hardly get my head round it myself." "I kind of feel sorry for him. You were pretty nasty, Lizzie." "I was, and I have no worthwhile excuses. God, Janey, I wish I could turn back time and do it over." "I know what you mean. Did you...did you ever ask him about Charlie?" Jane couldn't keep the wistful tone out of her voice. This was the part that Lizzie was most apprehensive about, the part that had made her delay the confession. Despite her desire to tell Jane the whole, she found she couldn't reveal how Bingley's friend had interfered so catastrophically in her relationship. "Not really, the opportunity never presented itself." "Not really or not at all?" Jane wasn't usually so direct and the way she wouldn't meet her sister's eyes showed Lizzie how difficult the question was for her shy sister. "Not at all." Jane fell silent for a moment, watching the eucalyptus trees flash by the car as they drove. "Well, I guess that's it then. If Darcy didn't even mention it, then I couldn't have ever meant very much. I do understand why you didn't Lizzie, although I wish" Lizzie knew what her sister wished and it wrung her very heart that she couldn't tell her that she had been loved. It wouldn't make Jane feel any better to know the truth; it would only make for bitterness. "Do you wish I'd taken up Darcy's offer? Perhaps it would've changed things." Jane gave a laugh. "God no, I wonder how it was possible that you could even sleep with him, given how much you hated him, even after what Lydia did to you. I couldn't have asked you to do that for me, Lizzie." The silence after the conversation made Lizzie feel even more uncomfortable. "So, what do we say about George Wickham? Do we tell people or do we keep it on the down low? I confess, I'm very ready to tell the world, Jane, but I haven't exactly been given the all clear by Darcy to do so. He just asked me to help protect his sister, but if George's such a predator, I'm going to find it hard to keep quiet." "But if it isn't true, Lizzie, aren't we even worse for spreading the story around? And it happened ages ago, if he's changed then surely it doesn't do us any credit in bringing up the past." "But if it's true, he's dangerous." "We don't know the situation, maybe he really was in love with Darcy's sister. Stranger things have happened. You only know Darcy's version of it, not hers or George's. I find it difficult to believe that he's so dreadful. We haven't seen him do anything so very bad, after all. And he seemed so nice, so candid and friendly." "Yes, he has all the charm but none of the substance or honour, it seems." "I never found Darcy quite as charmless as you insisted...and to be honest, Lizzie, by your actions, you must have seen them yourself at some point." Jane flushed. "I mean for you to do what you did." "Oh, Janey, if only you knew how much I regret that. And how much I missed you, I just couldn't tell you all this over the phone. I've felt so low and I had no Jane to give me a hug and tell me it would be OK."
It's been so long I barely remember how to post anymore! Happy festivus and I promise I have about 4 chapters almost ready to post so it wont be so long til the next one. Thanks for hanging in there. The Bennet's, as a whole, were pleased with the return of their eldest daughters, Priscilla Bennet going so far to squeeze Jane's cheeks into pinkness. Their sister's pleasure was also keen, albeit short lived, descending quickly into bickering over the presents Jane had bought them from Sydney before the she and Lizzie had even unpacked the car. Their late night return meant Lizzie didn't get to bed until well after midnight. But it gave her immense relief to finally tumble onto her own familiar mattress, feeling like the past few months had been an absurd anomaly that she could now wipe from her brain. The familiar gentle rhythm of Jane's breath from the bed next to hers lulled her towards the elusive sleep she had been despairing of, and she awoke the next morning from the most restful night she had spent for months. Late winter sun cast bright streaks through the cracks in the curtains, showing the day was well advanced when Lizzie pulled the pillow from her eyes. She groped for her phone to check the time, noting the hour along with the text from Jane that she was going to see some work colleagues. Lizzie felt a little miffed that her sister hadn't hung around to spend some more time with her, not least because her sister's company would be a welcome distraction. So, despite determination to only consider immediate plans for the day, a fleeting thought of De Bourgh estate automatically swayed her consideration to the situation she had just left behind her. She probed her emotional state, feeling curiously numb. If Lizzie had considered the relief confessing both of her secrets would give her, she would have spilled her guts to her sister long before, or Charlotte, who was still oblivious to the true events (though Lizzie suspected she knew something was up). She knew her friend wouldn't agree with Jane's opinion. Rather, Lizzie suspected Charlotte would feel inclined to slag off Wickham to the whole region, which was an option Lizzie had yet to entirely forgo either. Jane's agreement to maintain silence made her feel a little trapped. Not sharing what she knew about Wickham felt dishonest. Worse, silence meant she had no vent for the emotions she felt. Even though currently she could observe them with dispassion, they were still of the purest rage. All the pent up ire she had worked up toward Darcy and the erstwhile Bingley was now almost focussed entirely on Wickham, but for the portion she reserved for herself. Lizzie hoped at least some of the hollow ache that started up in her belly was due to hunger so she went up to the house, still clad in her dressing gown and ugg boots against the cold morning, hoping against reason that her family had left a her a share of bacon. The kitchen was bare of anyone but her mother. Lizzie schooled her face into a smile. "Morning, Mum." "Hi sleepyhead, I saved you some brekky. It's in the oven." "Ta, I'm starving." Lizzie retrieved the covered plate and began eating while her mum crashed the dirty crockery around the sink, regaling her daughter with the happenings of the town in her absence. By the intent looks Priscilla gave Lizzie over her shoulder, her mother was clearly desperate to talk of more but she waited until the kettle boiled before she sat down. "This sorry business of Jane's, Lizzie. I can't find out that she even saw Charlie in Sydney. I can't believe we were so in the dark about him. I'll never be taken in by a handsome face again. Now if only she could meet someone as nice as Wickham." Lizzie nearly choked on a mouthful of baked beans. It took a moment for her to clear her throat to reply. "God, Mum, no. Anyone but him." "What do you mean? He's a lovely fella. He's been so friendly and helpful while you've been away. There's no reason to be jealous, I'm sure he'll keep visiting now you're back." "He's been coming here?" "Yes, ducky, and it's been so nice. Hopefully he'll come for Sunday lunch tomorrow. He's been making quite a habit of it." Lizzie pushed the rest of her breakfast aside, her appetite completely gone. She was tempted to escape the room, the last thing she wished was to talk of Wickham, but she knew she had to arm herself with whatever knowledge her mum might be able to share. She scraped the remaining food from her plate into the compost bin and picked up a tea towel to dry the breakfast dishes beside her mother. "What's he been visiting for?" "The company of course. The girls just love him, even your Dad reckons he's alright." "I don't really think it's a good idea him coming here." "Lizzie, I told you not to be jealous. It's nice to have a bit of male company. God knows your father hasn't ever got anything to say. And it's good for your sisters to know what a nice, respectful man is really like, there's been enough meat heads sniffing around here already." Lizzie didn't quite know how to respond. She knew she would have to be explicit in her relay of her knowledge of Wickham if she were to influence her mother's feelings toward him, but there was no way Priscilla could be trusted to keep the information to herself. And that was if she even believed her daughter's account, which was debatable. She turned to face her mother. "Don't you think it's a bit suss for a guy in his mid 20's to be hanging around with teenagers?" "Oh love, he doesn't just come here for your sisters, he talks to me mostly." Priscilla's cheeks grew pink. "I enjoy our cosy chats. The farm's so dull, he really brightens my day when he comes round." Lizzie turned back to the sink and rolled her eyes, so her mother couldn't read her disbelief. She knew a bit of gentle teasing would be more effective than confrontation and it made her response light. "So does Dad know about your crush?" "Lizzie! What a thing to say! Don't be so cheeky." Priscilla lashed out to flick her daughter with a tea towel. "He asks about you, you know, though God knows why. You'd be lucky to get a bloke like that." "I think we've had enough blokes like him around. Mum, you shouldn't be encouraging him coming over, I don't trust him." "You don't trust anyone, Lizzie. It's no wonder you never get a boyfriend. Look at you, you're pretty enough, why don't you make any effort? Are you sure you're not a lesbo?" Lizzie rolled her eyes again, this time making no attempt to hide it from Priscilla. Before she could give voice to the heated response on her lips, Lydia and Kitty came bouncing into the room. "Mum, can you drive us into Dunsborough? Harriet wants to go to the movies." "Ask your sister, I'm busy. I tell you, Lizzie, Kitty can't get her license fast enough for me." Lizzie's youngest sister looked hopefully at her. "Go on, Lizzie. Please!" "Aren't you still grounded?" "What? Of course not, that was yonks ago!" Priscilla had opened the pantry, rummaging through its contents. "Lizzie, we're nearly out of tomato sauce and vegemite. Just wait and I'll give you a list of stuff to grab from the shops." "Mum, it's my first day back, driving my sisters around and going grocery shopping wasn't really my number one priority." Lydia renewed her plea. "Please, Lizzie, you can't still be cranky about the party. And Harriet's going to Perth to boarding school next term. It's going to be so boring here with out her. She's my best friend and I just want to see her one more time." Lizzie felt she had no real choice but to accede. At least it would give her a chance to drill her sisters about Wickham. "Ok, ok...just let me get dressed." Lizzie threw on jeans and a hoodie with little thought to how they went together. Her casual outfit was a studied contrast to the skimpy clothing her sisters had donned. She declined commenting on their garments unsuitability for the cool weather, if her mother wasn't going to say anything, then Lizzie couldn't be bothered either. They drove in silence for a while until Lizzie decided on an inroad to cross examine her youngest and wildest sister. "So, Lyddy, I thought Emma was your best friend? Last time I checked you were on the outs with Harriet." "I never hated Harriet, but you wouldn't believe Emma, she's such a bitch, she's been hanging with Mary King, that slut who went after Georgie. She's been telling such lies about him. Jealous slags." Lizzie raised her eyebrows. It was going to be easier than she thought. "What's she been saying about him?" "She reckons he stole money from Mary's dad but, don't worry Lizzie, I reckon she did it and is just trying to cover it up. Georgie would never do something like that, he was really upset when he found out what they'd been saying." "I'm sure he was. Are you sure he didn't do it, Lyddy? I've heard some things about George Wickham which suggests he may not be as squeaky clean as you think." "How can you say that, Lizzie? I thought you'd be stoked that he'd managed to get Mary's claws out of him?" Lizzie shrugged. "I'm happy for Mary at least." "I reckon that's bullshit, but it's ok, Kitty, Harri and me made sure everyone found out the truth at school. Mary said they shagged but I don't believe it. Stupid lying bitch." Lizzie absorbed her sister's vehemence without sharing her own opinion on the possibilities of what Wickham's true behaviour may have been. It wasn't hard to turn the conversation to more general matters. After dropping off her sisters, Lizzie found a park at the town shopping centre. A familiar set of shoulders in a Ripcurl t-shirt entered the building ahead of her. George Wickham. Typical of her current luck. Lizzie pulled up the hood on her jumper and diverted her path towards to the smaller supermarket up the road. She wasn't sure she could control her feelings if she encountered him. Not yet anyway, interaction was guaranteed at some point but Lizzie planned to delay that for as long as possible. It was absurd to think she could pretend to maintain the same easy camaraderie she had shared previously with Wickham. If he continued to visit her family, Lizzie knew herself well enough to know that there would be no way she could hold her tongue. He was the one person at least she could have no hesitation speaking her mind to and she sincerely doubted he would shoot his mouth off about why. So she was riled up and ready for confrontation when she felt an arm drop around her shoulders, blindly considering the chocolate bars displayed at the supermarket checkout. "Hey babe. Long time no see." Lizzie disengaged his hand from her person as though she was handling a wasp. "Please don't call me babe. The name's Lizzie, in case you didn't remember." Wickham took a step back. "Whoa, I thought we were mates. What's got up you?" "Nothing is up me. I just wonder about a 25 year old guy hanging around with 16 year olds. Kind of pathetic if you ask me." "Well, as my favourite Bennet sister wasn't around, I had to do with second best to get my fix." The lazy smile that accompanied his words made her skin crawl. How she had once found him attractive, Lizzie couldn't fathom. Wickham's change in demeanour showed he was clearly aware that Lizzie wasn't moved by his words. "Look, whatever I've done, I'm sorry, Lizzie. If you're jealous of me hanging around with your sisters, it's ridiculous. They're kids, for fuck's sake." Lizzie choked. "I'm certainly not jealous. I just think you look absurd." "Whatever. I just wanted to tell you I'm heading to Perth for the rest of the winter." "School holidays are coming up? Should be some fresh meat around?" Lizzie knew she would have to stop her inflammatory comments at some point if she wasn't going to confront him over Darcy's sister but Wickham's presence was so grating she couldn't stop herself. "What the fuck? I don't know what's changed, Lizzie, I can only guess that someone's been getting in your ear with lies about me. I have to say I'm disappointed that you'd let yourself be swayed like that." "And what lies might those be, George?" "I don't know, you tell me? Have you been listening to Darcy? It's complete slander, Lizzie, I never touched his fucking precious sister. The guy hates me, Lizzie, and he would do whatever he could do, lie about anything, just to get you into his bed, because he knows I like you and it's just another way to punish me." "You are just completely full of bullshit. Just stay the fuck away from my sisters. Unless you want some more stories spread around about you." "I don't need this from you, Lizzie. I've been nothing but good to you. I'm out of here." Wickham raised his palms in surrender. "Say goodbye to your family for me." Lizzie didn't bother to respond, walking away from the checkout before Wickham had the opportunity to do the same, abandoning her shopping in her desire to get out of his presence. The fact that he didn't ask her what she knew about him, lies or not, made Lizzie think even worse of him. With Darcy's story only following Wickham's life until his early twenties, there was no doubt there were even further misdeeds and bad decisions in his past. But confronting him with her knowledge wasn't going to help anything, especially as he was leaving. Her sisters, and her mother, would eventually stop with their 'George says this' and 'George thinks that'. She had already heard it enough to wish herself deaf. It seemed that the Darcy/Wickham/Bingley chapter of their lives was over and though there were elements of it that made her regretful, overall it gave her some peace to know it was done. Lizzie's life fell back into its usual routine so quickly, it seemed the past six months had never even happened. With the warming spring weather, Jane's time was occupied with planning weddings and community events, and Lizzie settled into the serious business of completing her thesis. She had reduced her hours at the vineyard, and focused most her time on writing. Kitty and Lydia both had exams coming up, with her next to last sister hoping that she'd get good enough results to go and study nursing after her graduation. Lydia on the other hand didn't give much credence to study. More than once, Lizzie had caught her defiantly sneaking into the main house after curfew. Sunday lunch was probably the only time in the week the entire Bennet clan met around the dinner table. Lizzie held her tongue about Lydia's late hours, not wanting to cause a scene but couldn't help but make subtle digs at her youngest sister. "How's the study going Lydia? You're looking tired so I can only assume you've been studying around the clock." Lydia rolled her eyes. "I've never had to study hard to get good grades, not like Kitty anyway. But I don't care about going to uni, I'm just waiting 'til I've finished school so I can go do hairdressing at Tafe." "Don't you want to keep your options open, Lyddy? Besides, you've never said you were interested in hair before." Priscilla answered for her. "Leave her alone, Lizzie, hairdressing is a very useful trade. She can get an apprenticeship at that new salon in Dunsborough and do my hair for free." "Glad to know it's all about you, Mum." "What do you mean, Lizzie?" Lizzie groaned and put down her fork. "It doesn't matter. Thanks for lunch, Mum, I'm going back to my desk now." Lydia put her hand on Lizzie's arm. "Stay for a sec, I wanted to talk to everyone about something. Harriet Forster's invited me to Perth for the school holidays. She said there's no one she likes at her new school half as much as me. I miss her so much I just have to go! I've been so bored. And while I'm there I can go to all the colleges and see which one has the best course for me to take." Lizzie felt a little impressed at how her sister had so neatly presented her idea, though she felt little compunction in bursting her bubble. "Lydia, there's this amazing thing called the Internet, and you don't even need to leave your house to research courses anymore." "But there's a careers and training open day while I'm up there." Frank Bennet looked up from his newspaper, his grey brow creasing. "I don't think so, Lydia, we've barely gotten over your last adventure." "But Dad, I've been so good! Tell him Mum, haven't I? I've been helping and everything." Priscilla smiled at her youngest daughter. "She did learn her lesson, Frank. It seems to be a bit mean to keep punishing her." Lizzie couldn't see how her Lydia's life had been negatively affected by the short term restrictions their parents had placed on her, but their father seemed unmoved, so she held back her own concerns and concentrated filling the sink to soak the lunch dishes in. "I'll take up there myself when calving is over. And that's my last word on the subject." Lydia got up from her chair and slammed her plate into the draining board next to Lizzie. "But it's not fair! Lizzie and Jane get to do whatever they want, and I'm locked up here like some sort of prisoner! I never get to do anything!" "Now wait, Lydia, your turn will come" Frank looked unsettled, his tone conciliatory. "I'm sick of waiting! I might just run away and then you'll be sorry! And don't you roll your eyes at me, Lizzie. I'm sick of being treated like a child!" Lizzie raised her eyebrows. "Perhaps if you stopped having tantrums like a child, we might take you seriously." "I am serious! I'm sick of the lot of you, leave me alone!" Lydia stormed from the room, slamming the door so hard the door handle came loose, leaving the rest of the family in silence. They were used to Lydia's outbursts, but it was hard to resume usual conversation after such a scene. Lizzie was pleased her father had put his foot down for once, and put the situation out of her head. But by the time she had come home from work the following day, Lydia's scowls had changed to smiles, making her suspect her sister had got her own way. There was little use confronting either her mother or her sister over it but she couldn't help but express her feelings to her father. "How can you trust her, Dad? She's going to ruin herself in the worst way unless someone does something to curb her behaviour. You're the only one she'll listen to, she walks all over Mum." "You think Lydia listens to me? You'd be mistaken, Lizzie, Lyddy has always done what she wants. I blame myself for spoiling her, but what can I do now?" "Tell her that she can't go to Perth. She and Harriet are the worst influences on each other. I guarantee she's going to come back pregnant or something even worse." Frank laughed. "Lizzie, these are the kind of hysterics I expect from your mother, not from you. She'll be staying with Harriet's parents and they're good people. The most exciting thing Lydia will probably get to do is go shopping in town. Can't you forgive her yet? It's not like you, Lizzie, to be so unreasonable. She's learned her lesson." As much as Lizzie wanted to tell her father that the only thing Lydia had learned was how to be even more duplicitous, but it wouldn't serve any purpose other than to make her dad to think she was bullying her little sister. She couldn't let it go though. "I sincerely doubt that, Dad. She proven over and over that she can't be trusted." "How much trouble can she get into in two weeks?" "Dad, I've seen what Lydia can do in two hours, two minutes even. If you don't stop her now, she's liable to turn into the biggest slag in the south west. She has little enough control over her behaviour, without you and Mum encouraging her." "Elizabeth, that's enough. Don't talk about your sister like that. If you're worried that people will think Lydia's behaviour reflects on you then rest easy love, you and Jane are two of the most respected young women in the region, your sister playing up is just teenage high spirits, that's all." Lizzie tried once more to intervene but her Dad cut her off. "My mind is made up, Lizzie. But I will tell her that I'm trusting her to do the right thing and if any word of her causing trouble gets back to me, I'll lock her up 'til she's thirty." Lizzie wanted to say she had heard that before and it had never yet worked but she held her tongue, not wanting to start an argument with her father, the only person in the house besides Jane who she didn't feel continually at odds with. So she left it, completely discontent with the outcome but unable to do little more than frown at Lydia's gloating. She wouldn't have to put up with it for long at least. The September school holidays weren't far away as both the date and improving weather indicated. Everyone in the household was on task, whether it was her father keeping the newly planted fields free of weeds and worrying about his cattle, Lydia endlessly repacking her bags for her visit with Harriet, or Jane preparing for the spate of events planned for spring holiday day-trippers and vacationers. Kitty had little time to complain about Lydia's luck, with her final school exams approaching, though she still dominated dinner table conversation with bitter remarks aimed at her younger sister's direction. Life became very quiet. Lizzie's only distraction was her books. The volume of writing she was managing to push out spoke of the sad state of her social life. She had gone out on a few dates, but nothing even deserving a second meeting had come out of them. And she didn't think of Darcy at all. Or not much as she had anyway, succeeding in suppressing her thoughts of him at least half of the time, more or less. She was flipping through the social pages of the weekend paper, distracting herself from obsessing over her concluding chapter, when she found a photograph of Darcy at some event, staring at the camera forbiddingly, with a very young and slender blonde on his arm. His eyes seemed to burn though her. The coloured print was fairly low quality but he seemed to be paler, more insubstantial than she recollected him. The blonde on his arm didn't make her feel that great either. He hadn't wanted her beside him like that; he had never even responded to her email. She had only ever occupied a small corner of his life. It took a while for her to stop staring back at him on the page before her, almost admitting that it maybe it could have been worthwhile, even the short fling he had offered. And then she crushed the page in her hands and shoved it into the wood stove burning in the kitchen, watching it shrivel into cinders. It did little to soothe her nerves. Months had passed since her return from De Bourgh Estate and still even the sight of Darcy could elicit a painful response. Lizzie grabbed her jacket and headed out for a walk, slamming the kitchen door behind her in disgust. She hadn't taken her phone with her, so it wasn't until her return she saw the missed call from her Aunt Claire. Although they generally caught up regularly, Lizzie realised it had been months since they had last spoke. Her aunt answered her return call immediately. "Lizzie! Are you back from your sojourn in the world of corporate wine?" "Yes, I've been back for a couple of months. It feels like longer though, it's been so quiet down here." "I've got a proposition for you, darling. You'd be doing me such a favour. Ron and I are going to take a tour of the south coast, wildflowers and fishing for him, and wineries and food for me." "Sounds glorious, I don't see how you need my help." "That's just it, I need company. I can't drink all the wine by myself, and you know Ron doesn't drink anymore. Come with me love, we can get gloriously drunk while your uncle drives us around." Lizzie considered the idea with longing. To get away from her books would be the greatest gift. It wasn't that she hadn't been productive, rather she had been nothing but. "When are you thinking of going?" "Next week when the school holidays start, I know it'll be busy but I can't get the time off otherwise. Sorry for the late notice but we only just decided to go." Lizzie didn't hesitate to accept. Claire made a pretty compelling proposition. Besides she had almost completed the first draft of her thesis and it made sense to take some time out, she hadn't had a holiday since last Christmas. "Sure, I'd love to come, it sounds perfect. I think I deserve a break." "That's wonderful darling, I'm so pleased. I've already booked a cabin in Denmark that sleeps four. Do you think Jane might be able to come too?" "I can ask, but I doubt it, she's working round the clock at the moment." "No matter, we'll have so much fun. Start packing and we'll come and pick up on Sunday morning. I can't wait to see you." They spoke for a little longer, though Lizzie held back her concerns about Lydia, leaving that pleasure for when they could talk face to face. Their conversation at least had helped Lizzie shift her low spirits, and by the time they finished the call she was feeling more positive than she had for months.
Lizzie worked on her thesis draft round the clock for the next week, hoping to leave it in a semi complete form before she could relax and forget about it for a while. Sending it to her thesis advisor was one of the most satisfying feelings she could remember. Only 2 months before, she had wondered how she was ever to find the time or motivation to complete her research but now here she was. There was a lot of work ahead still; her advisor was notoriously picky. But that was for a later date, and now Lizzie had two glorious weeks ahead of her to spend exploring the southwest in the company of her favourite family members. It was only when they were finally on their way that Lizzie let herself give voice to the satisfaction by giving a glorious whoop from the backseat of her aunt and uncles four-wheel drive. Ron looked up from his crossword. "What are you so happy about, Lizzie?" "It's so good to get away from everything. I still have this sense of guilt, that I should be working, but I can't bring myself to care." Lizzie could see Claire Gardiner smile back at her through the rear view mirror. "You deserve some time off. Besides, you know it'll all be waiting for when you get back." Lizzie's mood dropped slightly. Yes, it would all be waiting, the constant dissatisfaction with her life, irritation even. Lizzie knew she'd been short tempered for months, and had no sense of how to regain her equilibrium. But the feeling slipped away as she dozed in the back seat, both her aunt and uncle refusing her offer to take the wheel for a while on the long drive. The small chalet they had booked was set deep in the virgin forest surrounding Denmark. The lack of Wi-Fi and phone reception was a tiny price to pay for the isolation and beauty surrounding them. Lizzie wasn't expecting a response from her thesis advisor for at least another week, nor had any desire to hear from her family (except Jane, always Jane, but lack of communication with her sister was a sacrifice she was prepared to make for the possibility of delicious solitude). As soon as she had unpacked her bag, Lizzie put her electronic devices in the drawer by her bed and gladly picked out one of the sci-fi novels stashed in her bag, making herself comfortable in a hammock while listening to the chatter of bird life. And there Lizzie stayed, for the first two days, choosing between another nap or another chapter, punctuated with walks through the national park surrounding the chalet. Her aunt and uncle were equally eager to do absolutely nothing for a couple days so it was with little guilt that Lizzie allowed herself to relax entirely for the first time in who knows how many months. It was bliss to be in the company of such close family that there were no expectations on what she felt like doing and when. Even Jane, no matter how Lizzie loved her, caught her sister up in her tangle of anxieties and insecurities, so much so that Lizzie felt like they were her own. The accepting, stress free regard that she shared with her aunt and uncle was exactly what she needed. It was a fair few days into their retreat, and Lizzie was almost feeling monastic, when her aunt decided it was time to get out and enjoy the local scenery. They had spent a day wandering around the nearby national parks, stopping for lunch and wine tastings at their leisure and buying local produce to take home and cook for their meals. Lizzie felt all her stresses slipping from her shoulders. They had headed out early to eat breakfast at a local cafe and Lizzie was finishing her second coffee and catching up with her emails on the Wi-Fi, while Claire kept up a constant stream of chatter, mostly going unanswered by her husband and niece. "Which vineyard next? There's so many that have sprung up since I moved away. What do you think, Ron?" Ron barely looked up from his paper. "Your choice, darling. I'm the skipper anyway." "I'd like to see Pemberley again. When I was last here it was only cellar doors and I hear their new kitchen is superb. As is their sav blanc." Lizzie put down her coffee cup, making more of a clatter that she intended. "Pemberley? I thought maybe we should try West Cape Howe. Pemberley sounds so...busy." Claire shook her head. "I have it on strict authority that mid week is the best time to visit." She looked up to the waitress removing their empty breakfast plates from the table. "What do you think? West Cape or Pemberley for lunch?" "They are both good but the Pemberley chef is supposed to be the best in Denmark, though I think the Darcys are away at the moment. Which means one of the chief attractions isn't there." She winked at Lizzie. "If you know what I mean." Lizzie raised her eyebrows at the waitress. "The family is away?" "So I heard, not that Mr Darcy ever really talks much to the visitors there. But you see him out in the vineyards." Lizzie smiled at her Aunt. "Aunty Claire, if you want to go to Pemberley I'm good with it. I would like to see the cellar, I guess." "That's settled then." The spring day was unseasonably warm, and Lizzie, feeling the promise of summer in the air put on a short linen shift dress and sandals, enjoying the sun on her bare legs. And then she put on sunscreen and her wide brimmed hat as well. The vineyard was quite far from the town site and Lizzie spent the time quietly in the back of the car, ignoring the views of bushland, her mind too full to engage in conversation. Despite her knowledge that the man at the centre of her thoughts wasn't going to be there, he lingered persistently in her thoughts. Still, it was impossible not to be impressed by the grounds at Pemberley Estate. Lizzie didn't even try to pretend to play it cool and hide her interest. She couldn't fault anything she saw. It all pleased her. The way the land cradled the estate buildings and then dipped down to the large dam, fringed with reeds and squabbling ducks. The untouched pockets of bushland blending seamlessly with the wild native gardens that surrounded the property, protecting the vineyards sloping up the hill behind the large stone house that sat on the other side of the water. Lizzie had never seen a vineyard that celebrated its natural environment so well. They were met by the restaurant manager, who welcomed them with a tour of the premises open to the public. Ellen Reynolds was a small wiry woman whose consequence didn't seem to match her employment. Her weathered person and readiness to laugh at odds with the stateliness Lizzie had expected to find. As they were shown though the stone buildings, Lizzie longed to confirm whether the family were indeed absent, even as she admired the facilities. It wasn't long however, until the topic came up on its own. "You picked a good day for a visit. The family are away at present but we expect them tomorrow with guests, so the restaurant will be shut for the rest of the week. It's so quiet at the moment, Darcy's giving the staff a few days paid leave." The knot of tension Lizzie had been carrying eased somewhat and she trailed behind the group as they entered the restaurant looking at the photographs that graced the walls of the foyer. Claire turned back to her. "Lizzie, hurry up and look here. What do you think of this?" Her aunt stood before a picture of two boys. A very young Darcy standing beside an equally youthful, and hugely grinning, Wickham. Ellen Reynolds joined them. "That's the boss and George Wickham. A sad tale, that one. He was the son of the old estate manager and he and Mr Darcy grew up together, but he's turned out very wild. He's not welcome on the estate anymore." Claire raised her eyebrows at Lizzie but she pretended not to see, turning her eyes to a larger photograph of a rugged older man with his arm around the shoulders of a teenaged and very gangly William Darcy. "That's old John Darcy, with Will, just before he died about 8 years ago. We still miss him, never was there a better boss or manager. But luckily for the rest of us, his son has turned out much the same, perhaps even better in some ways as he's not such an old stick in the mud." Lizzie felt a jolt of surprise. She knew that Darcy would command the respect of his employees but he hadn't suspected the depth of affection that Ellen clearly felt for her boss. The photo was undoubtedly of Darcy. He was much younger than he was now and coltishly handsome. Despite the age difference, the similarity between he and his father was striking. Claire leaned in beside her. "I haven't met William Darcy. Lizzie, is he really as handsome in person as he looks here?" Lizzie felt her ears grow warm. "I guess so." There was little to add further, she just hoped that no one would notice the betraying flush creeping over her fair cheeks. Ellen looked at Lizzie with interest. "Do you know Will?" It certainly wasn't the time to express how exactly well she knew Will Darcy so Lizzie just shrugged. "A little." "He's grownup as the spitting image of his father. Look here." Ellen pointed out a picture of a man dressed in a military uniform. If it weren't for the age of the photograph, she would have thought it was of the man she knew. "Isn't he handsome?" Lizzie internally cursed the warmth pinking her cheeks and nodded her assent. Luckily her aunt drew the older lady's attention to a photo of a young blonde girl. "Who's this?" "That's Georgiana, or Gigi as we call her, Will's little sister. She's a little more grown up now though, in her last year of school. She and her brother are very close." "There's not a lot of family resemblance." "Yes, she takes more after her mother. It was a tragedy when Anne died, it was just after Gigi was born and old Mr Darcy never got over it. It's been a long time since the property had a mistress." "Is Mr Darcy here much of the year?" "He travels quite a bit but he's always on hand when there's work to be done. I miss having children about the place and I keep teasing him that it's time to let me retire to baby sitting duties, but he hasn't taken the hint yet. Though, to be honest, I'm not sure there's anyone good enough for him." Lizzie felt her face flush even further, glad that the attention was on the photographs and not on her reactions, though Claire gave her an amused glance, though there was no way her aunt could guess the real reason for Lizzie's discomposure. The one bright point that Lizzie allowed herself was that the photo of Darcy's sister correlated with the girl in the photo Lizzie had seen in the newspaper. The jealousy she had barely let herself acknowledge she had been feeling relaxed. "It's quite warm in here. Shall we go and have some lunch?" Lizzie fell in behind her aunt and uncle as they followed Ellen Reynolds to their table, listening to the conversation that continued between her and her aunt. "So Mr Darcy sounds like a good boss?" "I've worked here since before he was born so I might not be one to judge, but it's not just me, everyone thinks so. He never gets cross about anything. He pays good wages, and the onsite workers cottages are the best in the south west." Claire laughed. "You make me want to work here." Ellen looked conspiratorially at Lizzie's aunt. "Well, he always finds something for people to do, so if you're looking for work, I can mention it to him. My friend Les lost his job as a mechanic on the mines and nearly lost his house, and Darcy had him here working on odd jobs 'til he found something else." Claire looked back at Lizzie. "A paragon indeed." "He was such a good kid and, as I said, so like his father, there couldn't be much doubt that he would turn out alright." Lizzie was glad she didn't have to contribute to the conversation she overheard, as she knew she would have found herself speechless. Surely this couldn't be the Darcy she knew. It wasn't that she didn't think he had a good side but the effusive praise from someone Lizzie thought could have little consequence in his affections, didn't sit at all with her image of him. As they took their seats, Claire leaned over confidentially. "This praise of Darcy doesn't quite fit with his behaviour to our friend George. " "Perhaps we were mistaken?" Claire creased her brow. "Unlikely though, we had the information from George himself, and why would he lie?" It was not the time nor place for Lizzie to confess that had changed her opinion of both George and Darcy. Instead she took up her menu, blindly perusing the choices as she thought of Ellen Reynold's heartfelt words. She ordered the first thing she saw and excused herself from the table under the pretext of going to the bathroom. But her feet lingered in the foyer on her return, unable to stop looking at the photograph of Darcy and his father. The commendation from an employee couldn't be overlooked. Despite how the man may treat people he didn't know, as a brother, a friend, and an employer, Lizzie couldn't fault him. How many people relied on him for support, which he seemed so willing and capable of giving? He seemed to be looking directly at her from the photograph. The expression he wore was familiar enough, though one she tried to convince herself that she hadn't seen at all. Open direct eyes, so alight with amusement and warmth, she felt her stomach tighten. It made her consider even more their last interaction, allowing herself to finally admit that her anger and indignation had coloured her perception of his words to her. Lunch had arrived by the time she returned to the table and though she paid little attention to the meal, so lost was she in thought, the hearty fare matched the reputation the kitchens held. Claire threw down her napkin after clearing her plate. "Oh, that was delicious. I ate too much and need a walk now. Lizzie, do you want to taste some wine, or do you feel like a stroll too?" "The wine with lunch was plenty for me. A walk would be lovely." A waitress had begun clearing their empty plates. "Excuse me, is it possible to walk around the grounds of the estate by ourselves, or do we need a guide?" "Oh no, visitors can go wherever they like, except the main house, though don't go to far into the bush, it's easy to get lost." The wine Lizzie had shared with her aunt had subdued her mood considerably and she felt at peace as she wandered down to the dam, her aunt and uncle slowly following behind her. The garden around the water's edge clung densely to each side of the meandering gravel path, small birds flitting past her as she strolled. As she reached a small clearing, her mellowed mood dropped in an instant. The paralysing sight of Darcy met her eyes; bare chested and filthy with grease, grappling with a wrench over a water pump. Even in her shock, Lizzie couldn't help but notice that he handled the tools with competence. She had had no inkling of how handy he was. It seemed Lizzie couldn't only credit his physique to surfing, his muscled biceps bulging with effort as he wrestled with the machinery. The moment was too brief and he looked up, the wrench clattering against the pump as he abruptly stood up. "Lizzie Bennet?" "Hi, Darcy" she gasped for words, "I'm so sorry to have disturbed you, if we'd known you were here, I never would have dreamt of presuming" He gave her an odd look, reaching for his shirt until he realised exactly how filthy with grease his fingers were. "Yes, I only just arrived How are you?" "Fine, I'm fine." "And your parents?" He didn't seem to know what to do with his hands, clenching them and open and closed. She gave him a small smile. "Also fine, thank you. And you?" "Well, I guess. Have you been in Denmark long?" "Just a few days." "And your parents are well? I mean and the rest of your family?" Lizzie voice gave a nervous break as she spoke. "We're all fine, same as ever." "Good." He looked out over the dam and wiped his fingers over his brow, leaving another black streak. He seemed to realise what he had done as he finally put on his shirt, regardless of the filthy marks he left, cheeks flushing with exertion or embarrassment, she wasn't sure. "I have to go, please excuse me." Lizzie nodded, but he had already left her, jogging up the hill towards the house. She turned on her heel, trying to stop breaking out into a run, almost colliding into her aunt and uncle as they came up the path. Her aunt looked at her in concern. "Lizzie? What's wrong?" "We have to go right now." Ron looked up the hill to the departing Darcy. "Was that the man himself?" "Yes. Oh Christ, what does he think of me? We never should have come." Claire dropped her husband's hand. "Lizzie, was he rude to you?" "No, no, not at all, but it's so bloody awkward. Can we just go? I can't talk about it now." Claire looked puzzled but answered gently. "Of course, darling. But I expect you to tell me what's going on later." Lizzie left them behind as she jogged back toward their car, barely hearing her aunt's worried response. All her peace had been turned upside down. What was he thinking? Lizzie would have given her right arm to know what was going through his head. Whether his surprise had been tinted with horror or pleasure, she couldn't have guessed, but she knew he was as discomposed at seeing her as she was. Claire and Ron were buy no means unfit but even they couldn't keep up with Lizzie, so she had to linger far longer than desired as she waited for them by the car. It was no use. Just as they appeared from the scrub around the dam, Darcy appeared, his face clean of grime, buttoning up a flannel shirt as he hurried down the steps toward her. "Lizzie, I'm so sorry, you surprised me. You're not leaving yet are you?" "Yes, we have to get going." "Can you introduce me to your friends before you go?" Lizzie looked up at him doubtfully, but his expression was entirely genuine. "Ok." Her aunt and uncle had just joined them anyway. "This is my Uncle Ron Gardiner, my mother's brother, and his wife Claire. My aunt is a primary school teacher and my uncle is an accountant." Darcy held out his hand, warmly holding the palm of both of her companions as he greeted them. "How are you liking Denmark? Is this your first visit?" Claire shook her head. "No, I grew up near here on a farm." "You must love it the way I do then. I couldn't imagine living anywhere else." "Yes, my husband's more of a city dweller but I've made him promise that we will move back here when we retire. We're thinking of investing in a property, though that's a few years off yet." "Let me know if I can help. I have a friend who's a real estate agent I can introduce you to if you like?" Claire looked at her husband. "Why not?" Ron smiled at her. "Maybe next trip, love." "Give me your number and email, and I'll set something up anyway. It's a good time to buy down here." Darcy thrust his hands into his pockets and looked out over the dam. "I don't want to keep you if you have to go, I guess you've had a look around the property. But, Ron, if you're staying down here for a bit longer, do you like fishing?" Lizzie's uncle's eyes lit up. "When I get the chance, which is rare, given my wife is a vegetarian." Claire elbowed him in the side. "When have I ever stopped you from fishing? I would say its laziness over than anything." Ron laughed. "Touche, my wife has a tongue as sharp as my niece's, Mr Darcy." "Please, call me Will, or Darcy if you'd like. That's what most of my friends call me." He shot a glance at Lizzie. "The stream that runs through my dam is packed with trout, I put the fingerlings in myself, but barely get the time to fish for them. The kids downstream get more of them than I do, you'd be doing me a favour if you'd come and throw in a line. But if you prefer sea fishing, I can tell you of some great local spots. Just don't tell anyone it was me who told you, or I'll get lynched." Ron laughed and expressed his appreciation for Darcy's offer. "If you have time, we can wander down to the stream now. It's not far." Ron looked at Lizzie and Claire, and though Lizzie gave her head a little shake, her uncle either didn't see it or ignored it. "That would be very nice. Thank you." "It would be a pleasure." The small party headed to the other side of the lake, Lizzie walking silently behind with her aunt as Darcy and Ron walked ahead. Claire had given her niece one very speaking look, making Lizzie grateful that their proximity to Darcy gave her aunt little choice but to hold her tongue until they were alone. Lizzie didn't dare meet her aunt's eyes again though. Her uncle and Darcy had fallen into a very congenial conversation discussing the merits of fresh water and ocean fishing, from what Lizzie could snatch from the words that drifted back to them. What they said was immaterial, it was why he was so very civil, Lizzie kept guessing at. It gave a curious little lilt in her chest to maybe suppose it was because he still thought of her in a way she had only begun to admit to herself he even had. That he had spoken the truth in his letter. What else could make Darcy behave so warmly, it was impossible to guess at; her offensive response to him at De Bourgh Estate couldn't have created such a transformation. It wasn't that he hadn't been polite before, but the engagement and effort he showed in getting to know her uncle both pleased and flattered her, despite her misgivings. So when the party began climbing the slope that led from the stream, and Claire called out to her husband to help her, Lizzie felt less embarrassed and more able to walk ahead to where Darcy waited, looking back at her from the shade of a large eucalyptus. "The path back is just up this way. Sorry, I should have let you know the going was a bit rough." "It's fine. I'm sorry if we've taken you away from something. You said your pump was broken?" "Yeah, but it's ok, I had it mostly sorted out." Lizzie struggled finding the right words to express herself, faltering as she'd explained to Darcy again that she hoped they hadn't intruded. Why she was being so careful, Lizzie didn't ask herself. "I hope you're not pissed about us coming here today. I wouldn't have come if I'd known we'd disturb you." "Please, Lizzie, don't stress yourself over it. I'm glad to see you. I was meant to get back tomorrow but the water pump needed a part and it hasn't been raining as much as it should this time of year, I couldn't leave the new plantings, so I came back from Perth with it a day early. I won't have much time for work over the next few days, Bingley and his sisters are coming tomorrow to stay for a bit." "Yes, the waitress said at the restaurant that you were closing up for a few days." Though Lizzie didn't feel inclined to acknowledge his guests, she decided that propriety demanded it. "Please give the Bingleys my regards." "Your uncle said you were here for the next week or so, I thought perhaps we could all meet up. There's someone I'd particularly like to introduce you to." "Really?" "Yeah, my sister, I know she'd like to meet you." Lizzie couldn't think of any possible reason that Darcy's sister would want to meet her, but it didn't seem to be something he would say just to be polite. He seemed to be completely genuine in his offer. It made Lizzie's heart beat a little faster to think he had been talking to his sister about her. And she had to admit, she was deeply curious about the girl. "I'd like to meet her as well. Sure." She glanced up briefly to find Darcy smiling. "Great, is your number the same as before. I mean, when I rang you because your sister was sick." "Yep." Lizzie's heart was beating so fast she could barely speak. He had kept her number, even if he hadn't used it. She hadn't saved his, but she probably knew how to find it in her call history better than she should. "Ok, I'll text you when the Bingleys get here to make a time." "Sure." "Are you staying in Denmark?" "Yep. I mean, kind of. At the Marri Valley Cottages. It's a bit out of town, and the phone reception is terrible." Lizzie thought she should clarify her statement. "So, if I don't get back to you straight away, you know why." Darcy nodded his head, a wry twist on his lips. "Good to know." Lizzie wished had bought a bottle of water, her mouth was so dry. The most mundane, yet completely truthful statement was the only thing she could think of to say. "It's beautiful around here." "You like it?" "How could I not?" Lizzie tried to turn the conversation to a more professional bent. "Your facilities are some of the best I've seen. I mean what I saw at least." "I wish you had time for me to give you a proper tour." Lizzie felt she would very much like a tour of Pemberley from Darcy. The restaurant manager had shown her around but she felt like she would be snooping if she asked to much, worried that Darcy would somehow find out she had been there and wonder what the hell she was doing. There was no sight of her aunt and uncle when Lizzie looked behind them. "Do you think they might have lost their way? Maybe we should wait." Darcy shook his head. "They'll be right, all branches from that path end up back in the car park, which we've nearly reached anyway." Their car was the only one left in the visitor's car park. Darcy's pace dropped as he walked towards it, making Lizzie slow down to keep in step with him. The conversation that they had both managed to keep limping along had stopped and the atmosphere was of increasingly awkward silence. Every conversational idea Lizzie hit upon to raise seemed to be taboo. She wasn't even sure of Darcy's politics. But as Lizzie was considering going back and looking for her aunt and uncle in desperation, Darcy asked her if she had been surfing much in the area. Regretfully she had not, but she could still discuss with studied interest the merits of the different breaks in and around Denmark. The conversation actually became so engrossing that Lizzie didn't even notice when Claire and Ron finally reached them. "Would you like to come up to the house for a drink before you go?" Lizzie responded before her companions could agree. "It's ok, we should really be going." Darcy gave no arguments, and nor did Claire or Ron so their parting was swift. Lizzie could tell that her aunt was brimming with questions, though she restrained herself till they were in the car. She allowed herself a brief look back but couldn't see Darcy at all. It was only when they drove around the dam that she saw him walking back to where the water pump lay. Lizzie wasn't sure if he waved or whether he was keeping the sun out of his eyes, before she could consider waving back the bend in the drive had swept him from view. "So that was Darcy himself. I must say he's even more handsome in person than in his photos. He seemed friendly enough as well, not at all what I expected." Ron met her eyes through the rear view mirror. "I'd heard he was a bit of a tosser, but he was a nice bloke. I don't know what you've been carrying on about, Lizzie." Claire put her hand on her husbands arm. "Ron, darling, you don't know the half of it so butt out. He certainly made an effort to be friendly, what do you make of it, Lizzie?" Lizzie was ready to give a simple affirmative as her answer but Claire looked her so pointedly that she was forced to give voice to her thoughts. "I can't think of why. He's never tried to make himself particularly agreeable to any of my friends before." Lizzie knew her words were false but didn't feel capable of describing her less antagonistic encounters with Darcy to her aunt. He had of course been polite and conciliating before but never had she spoken to him when he had seemed so eager to please. Not just herself, but her aunt and uncle had been shown his charm as well. Lizzie couldn't imagine what had encouraged such a change in him. It was unimaginable that her words at De Bourgh Estate in the winter had had such an effect. Ron gave a laugh. "Well, he wouldn't be the first capricious wealthy man I've met. I better not make myself free with his trout stream, he might meet me with a gun next time." Claire looked thoughtful. "Well, if he did treat Wickham in that appalling way, then he's certainly more than capable of cruelty, but I have to say, he doesn't strike me as the type. Not as sweet as George of course, but he certainly has some charms of his own." It was too difficult to remain silent. Lizzie had to at least set some of the record straight. "I'm not sure anymore that the story that Wickham told me is completely true, Aunty Claire. In fact I'm pretty certain that it was all lies. Rather than Darcy doing him wrong, he absolutely screwed Darcy over." "What did he do?" Lizzie glossed over the facts she was aware of. "I'm not exactly sure, though it had to have been bad. It's enough to make me want to avoid George Wickham, and to see Darcy in a slightly better light." Claire probed her for further information but Lizzie managed to deflect most of her questions. It wasn't her secret to share. And the girl it concerned, she was more than like going to meet in the next day or two. It wouldn't do to have that on her conscience as well.
Happy New Year! Thanks if you reviewed and hello to the new followers :) I'm quite slow in updating usually but I'm utterly determined to finish this story Walking the national park surrounding the holiday cottage was a constant source of pleasure for Lizzie. The bush was teeming with birds and wallabies, and the spring weather had bought the wildflowers into riotous bloom. Sometimes Claire and Ron joined her, but mostly she had the forest all to herself. As much as she liked the company of her aunt and uncle, her solitary rambles soothed Lizzie's anxieties more than any other activity. She had taken her time that morning, finding a spot on a hilltop where she could get enough phone signal to check her messages and emails. It was slow work tapping out responses on her old phone. She had only just slipped it back in her pocket and set off down the hill towards home when it chirped a message. 'Hi Lizzie, are you around today? Gigi and I are in town and thought we might drop by. It's Will Darcy BTW' It would have been easy to ignore, pretend her phone was out of range, but Lizzie really had no desire to do so. Also, she suspected Darcy had a phone that would let him know her message had been delivered, unlike her old dinosaur android. 'Hi Darcy, I'm out at the moment but am on my way back to the cottage now. How far away are you?' 'We're at the farmers markets but nearly done now. Is there anything we can pick up for you while we're here?' Lizzie tried to think of something she could ask for to delay his arrival but Ron and Claire had left with a comprehensive list. 'We're all good, thanks.' She started to add that he might see her aunt and uncle there but deleted the half written words, uncomfortable about making him feel pressured to acknowledge them. 'See you soon.' Lizzie guessed, with a touch of panic, that he should be at least 20 minutes away, given the 15-minute drive from Denmark. As she was still in her tracksuit pants and hadn't even had a shower yet, she broke into a run. With luck, she'd get back in time to clean herself up. Though as it had been so far, it was more likely she would step in dog shit or something just when Darcy's sophisticated little sister arrived. As it was, neither option came true. Lizzie arrived back to find Darcy's black land cruiser already parked in the visitors bay near her cottage. Although she was fit enough, she knew her impromptu jog would have made her face bright red, and not in a rosy flattering way. She sighed, as least it would give her an excuse if she started blushing in the presence of Darcy. Every time she saw him her cheeks became warm, embarrassed or whatever, even photographs got her. It was untenable. But there was no time for thinking about that now; Darcy was standing on the cabin's front veranda. "Hi, Darcy." As Lizzie tried to catch her breath, her greeting came out far louder than intended. "I didn't know you were a runner." In his jeans and hoodie Darcy looked super relaxed, his expression soft, and more handsome than should be legal. "More of a walker really." Lizzie internally rolled her eyes, now he was going to think she ran back because of him. "I mean, I get enough exercise through work usually but it's nice to go running on bush tracks, you see more I guess." Darcy nodded. "Vineyard work and surfing are generally enough for me but I like to run when I'm away. I see you bought your board." He nodded to where Lizzie's neglected surfboard lay against the veranda post. "Have you been out? The swell's been good." "Not yet, it was a kind of hopeful inclusion, neither Claire or Ron surf." Darcy nodded, examining her short board more closely. Lizzie looked around. "You said Gigi was with you?" Darcy gave a laugh and leaned her board back against the railing. "Ha, yes, she's in the car. Sorry, I nearly forgot she was here. Come and I'll introduce you?" Lizzie followed Darcy to where his car was parked under a bank of trees. He knocked on the window. "Gigi, don't be shy. Come and say hello to Lizzie." Gigi's reticence to get out of the car made Lizzie worry that Wickham had at least been truthful about Darcy's sister's character, and she was indeed going to be another Caroline Bingley, too up herself to be able to make an effort for someone she didn't think was worth cultivating. But the girl who unfurled herself from the front seat of Darcy's car, putting down her library book, was clearly anything but. She was taller than Lizzie, despite Darcy's statement to the contrary all those months ago, and very slender. Lizzie could see some likeness to her brother in her features, but where he was all dark brooding masculinity, Gigi was almost ethereal in her fairness. Her hair fell over her eyes as she put out her hand to Lizzie. "Hi Lizzie, I'm Georgiana, but please call me Gigi...everybody does." "Hi Gigi. It's nice to meet you." She returned the girl's weak handshake with a smile. "My name's actually Elizabeth, but no one calls me that either. Unless I'm in trouble." Darcy' smiled wider, her fingers tightening around Lizzie's. Lizzie looked between her and brother, further noting their resemblance. She shared the full downturned lips of her brother, lending both of their faces austerity in repose, but when smiling, the wattage from the Darcy grin was blinding. "I hope it's ok, Lizzie, I just spoke to Charlie before and when I said I was coming here, he said he'd like to drop by." Darcy looked unsure. He would of course, believe it was entirely possible for Lizzie to bring up Jane, mentioning exactly how his friend had interfered with Bingley's relationship. But Lizzie didn't buy it. Bingley may have really liked Jane, even loved her, but if his character was so weak, that all it took was a nudge from a friend to make him drop her. Well then, he wasn't the man she wanted for her sister. Discussing Jane with Bingley was the last thing Lizzie felt inclined to do. And she very much doubted he would bring the topic up with her. "Of course, it would be nice to see Charlie." "I'm glad, because there's no way of telling him not to come." He waved his phone. "You were right, there's absolutely no phone reception here." "I'm not sure if it's a blessing or a curse but it is nice to have a break from the Internet at least." Lizzie turned to Gigi. "Would you like to come in for a cup of tea? Or a soft drink?" Gigi nodded. "Tea would be great, thanks Lizzie." As she walked beside Gigi towards the cottage, Lizzie looked back at Darcy. He walked behind them, catching her eyes with a small intimate smile. Lizzie felt her own lips respond in kind, allowing them to blossom into a grin as she turned her gaze backwards his sister. No sooner had they sat down with their tea, Bingley arrived, followed almost immediately by her aunt and uncle. There had been no opportunity as yet for Lizzie to feel overly awkward around Darcy, but the interruptions that the newcomers bought weren't entirely unwelcome. She helped get the bags of shopping from the car and returned from stowing them in the kitchen to find introductions unnecessary. Claire had already ingratiated herself with Bingley and Gigi, while Darcy and her uncle seemed to have picked up their conversation where they'd left it the day before at Pemberley. Lizzie picked up the empty pot of tea. "Can I get anyone a snack or more tea?" She considered what she felt like. "Or maybe even a glass of wine?" She was on holiday after all and she would take any option that would make her feel more at ease with the collection of guests assembled. Claire as expected, took up the offer of wine with alacrity, and perhaps less expected, so did Darcy. "You can drive me home, Gigi, it's about time you made up for all those years of taking you to netball." Lizzie returned indoors, pondering over which wine to choose from the selection she and her aunt had acquired from their forays to the abundant vineyards in the region, when she heard the screen door squeak open. Bingley stood by table, giving her a sheepish smile, as though he was unsure of his reception. "It's really good to see you, Lizzie, it's been a long time. Lizzie raised her eyebrows at him, though she returned his smile. "Yes, it's been months. I hope you've been well." "It's been more than six months. Last time I saw you was the 15th of March, at Yallingup." Lizzie wasn't sure how to respond. It made her think better of him, knowing how acutely aware he was of the time since he had seen her sister. She could harden her heart though, six months of heartache for Jane, there was no way he could have been so affected. "Time has gone so fast." "I think it's gone quite slowly." Charlie picked up the pepper grinder from the table and started fiddling with the screw, barely looking at her as he spoke. "How is everything? Are your family all good?" "Yep." Lizzie knew he was digging for information about Jane, but if he wasn't going to come out and ask, then Lizzie was only going to give so much away. "Everyone's being going along fine. How are Caroline and Augusta?" Charlie blinked as though he'd forgotten he even had sisters. "Caro and Gussie? I think they're good, I'm not sure though, I haven't read Caro's last few hundred text messages. They should be at Pemberley by now." Lizzie felt like she should say that it would be nice to see them also, but couldn't bring herself to utter the words. "Great." "And Lydia and Kitty? And your other sister, I've forgotten her name." Charlie looked stricken, "I mean, your younger sister, Marie or something, not Jane!" Lizzie met Charlie's eyes, reading the mortification there, and decided to be gentle. "All my sisters are fine, Charlie. Lydia is in Perth for the school holidays and Kitty's at home, feeling insanely jealous. Mary is probably playing Destiny, and Jane, well, Jane has been so busy with work, I've barely seen her recently." That wasn't strictly true but enough that she didn't feel guilty about her vague response. "I'm glad she's doing well. Can you send her my best regards? Is she" Lizzie thought he was going to say more, but he shook his head. Lizzie was pretty sure he was still carrying a torch for Jane. But, if he was too gutless to act on it, then she wasn't going to make it any easier for him by letting him know exactly how long it was taking for her sister to get over him. She instead put the pot of tea she had just filled with hot water onto the tray with a jug of milk and the sugar bowl. "Can you take this out to the veranda for me? There are more mugs in the cupboard above the sink. No fine china I'm afraid." Bingley did as he was bid and re-joined the party outside. Lizzie couldn't really follow the conversation from the kitchen but by the amount of laughter, she didn't need to worry about generating topics for the motley crowd to talk of. She decisively grabbed the chilled bottle of rose from the fridge, mentally berating herself for prevaricating over the wine she would serve Darcy. They stayed for over an hour. Lizzie had little opportunity to scrutinise Darcy; every time she glanced at him he seemed to meet her eyes. Her covert observations filled her with a feeling she could barely name. His congenial behaviour at Pemberley hadn't been an anomaly. He conversed with her aunt and uncle with such ease and attention, Lizzie could barely connect him with the reserved man she had initially met. It didn't do to give it much thought, she kept losing track of her own conversation with Gigi. As they walked out to the car park to depart, Darcy gestured to Gigi. "Were you going to ask her?" Gigi turned coyly to Lizzie. "My brother told me you surf. We were wondering whether you'd like to join us tomorrow morning?" Lizzie looked at Darcy before she responded but he was studiously avoiding her attention. "I'd really like that, thank you." "Is early ok? We can go for breakfast after. It's kind of a school holiday ritual Will and I have." "Are you sure you want someone else tagging along?" "Oh sure, I think Bing might come surfing too, and maybe Caro and Augusta will meet us for breakfast." Darcy ruffled his sister's hair before looking to Lizzie. "Is six thirty ok?" "No problems. Are you sure it's not too much out of the way to pick me up? I could meet you there if it's easier." Darcy shook his head. "It's our special spot, if I told you how to get there, I'd have to kill you." He winked at his sister. "Make sure you bring the blindfold, Gigi." Gigi rolled her eyes at her brother. "Maybe your aunt and uncle would like to join us for breakfast too? The cafe we go to has the best pancakes ever." Claire and Ron had been silently observing their conversation, readily acquiescing to the invitation when offered. Lizzie avoided her aunt's gaze once their guests had left. She knew her aunt would want to dissect the situation and the characters in detail but Lizzie couldn't examine her feelings too closely. That Darcy still regarded her with respect was obvious. She had given him every opportunity to revile her as she had expected him to. That he was more engaging than before completely disarmed her. That he might still hold some tender feeling for her seemed unthinkable, but try as she might, Lizzie couldn't hit upon an alternative motive for his attention. Unless he was trying to prove something to her? That had to be it. Her stomach gave a clench as she admitted it was the only logical answer. They spent a quiet night at the cottage, Lizzie cooking a meal for Claire and Ron before retiring to bed early. Having to get up early to meet Darcy and his sister was certainly an easy excuse but Lizzie was more than happy for a few hours of quiet reflection on the day. Seeing Darcy again had set all her resolutions on their head. She could credit his behaviour at Pemberley with shock at seeing her and an equal discomfort with their situation. But that he had taken the immediate response of pursuing her company, and making himself the most amiable possible companion, completely threw Lizzie. She could only wonder at what her aunt must think of her previous words against Darcy. He certainly hadn't behaved in anyway that could possible offend or even disconcert Lizzie's aunt or uncle. For someone so handsome, so eligible and so clearly eager to please, to be visiting Claire's favourite niece, her aunt couldn't help but be suspicious. But she was made of far more subtle stuff than Lizzie's mother, so if Claire had her own suspicions, she kept them to herself, merely commenting to her niece how kind the Darcy's had been to visit, and that she was glad to have finally met Bingley. That at least was a topic that Lizzie could broach and she had heard with some amusement about Charles' attempts to talk around the topic of Jane with Claire. Her aunt admitted to having laid it on thick, talking of Jane's superlative qualities with enthusiasm, though none of her words were untrue. Jane's affinity and friendship with Claire and Ron were as close as Lizzie's own. Lizzie got into bed feeling oddly happy, nervous for the following morning but excited in a way she hadn't felt in an age. The feeling didn't lead to conducive sleep though. She tossed and turned, restlessly considering the implications of Darcy's visit. It was gratifying that Darcy still felt regard for her. Whether that regard still possessed the ardour that had characterised some of their previous encounters, Lizzie hesitated to guess. His intensity was the same, but there was a never before encountered uncertainty. It made her fancy possibilities she had never allowed herself to consider. Was it just that she had been granted the magnanimity of the mantle of his friendship? Could they even be friends? A girl would have a hard time keeping things only friendly with a man like that. By the time the early alarm woke her with its piercing tone, Lizzie felt like she had barely closed her eyes all night. But she was glad she had allowed herself enough time to shower and have a cup of tea before the Darcys picked her up. Watching the sunrise creep over the bushland, accompanied by a mad chorus of early morning birdcalls, swept all the muddy sleepiness from her thoughts and she felt her anticipation rising. They were right on time, smiling their identical grins as they got out of Darcy's four wheel drive. Lizzie walked up to meet them in the carpark, lugging her board and wetsuit. "Hi Lizzie!" It hadn't taken long for Lizzie to warm to the young woman and she returned Gigi's greeting with sincerity. Darcy came up beside her and took her board. "How are you? Did you sleep well?" Lizzie blinked, unwilling to let him know that her disturbed night had everything to do with him. "Uh...yeah, thanks. You?" Darcy gave a laugh, looking more light-hearted than she had ever seen him, "I slept better last night than I have for months." Gigi passed Lizzie a takeaway coffee cup while Darcy wrestled her board onto the roof rack. "I didn't know how you had your coffee but Darcy thought he remembered it was flat white with none. I hope that's ok. I bought some extra sugar if you want it? I have mine sweet." Lizzie cradled the warm cup gratefully. She had no idea when Darcy had the opportunity to note her taste in coffee. "It's perfect as is, thank you, Gigi. It's the one downside to this cottage, there's only instant coffee. I miss my espresso maker more than my sister even." Gigi had jumped into the rear of the car before Lizzie had time to pre-empt her. She would have preferred to take a literal back seat and listen to Darcy's conversation with his sister, but Gigi looked absorbed with her phone, leaving Lizzie to make inconsequential talk with her brother. Their efforts at conversation were abysmal, each new topic dying an uncomfortable death, but the smiling side glances Darcy gave her, between keeping his eyes to the winding dirt road they were on, kept Lizzie encouraged enough to keep up her attempts. It was only Darcy, Lizzie and his sister on the secluded bay. The newly risen sun cast warm rays over the beach, cutting through the crisp spring chill. And the waves were just perfect. Once they were out on the water, there was no opportunity for talk, just the whoops of delight for an almost perfect set or the groans of defeat if it closed out too soon. Bingley joined them on the break seamlessly. It was difficult to feel intimidated by his proficiency when his abundant joy in surfing was so apparent and infectious. Lizzie felt light and clear, buoyant even, living in the moment for the first time in months. The sets weren't overly large, which Lizzie was grateful for but they were perfectly formed and they took turns in taking the waves, though Bingley dropped in on Darcy more than once, taking huge pleasure in unbalancing him off his board. When Gigi headed in to shore, Lizzie cut her ride short, leaving Bingley and Darcy on the break. They sat on the beach, watching the surf and finishing their cooling coffees. As good as Bingley was, Darcy could hold his own against him. It was a pleasure to watch such skill, though the lithe strong body of Darcy encased in his form fitting black wetsuit certainly had something to do with her attentiveness. It was nice to spend some time one on one with Gigi, even if their friendship would be cut short when Lizzie returned home. Lizzie would have been intimidated if it weren't for her budding understanding of Darcy's reserved mannerisms, recognising the shyness in the young woman. She was also happily discovered the girl held a quietly absurd sense of humour, which kept Lizzie in a state of amusement while they waited for the boys to finish up. By the time Darcy and Bingley returned to shore, Lizzie and Gigi were giggling like school friends. Lizzie was already dressed, but the boys took a few minutes to change from their wetsuits to something more appropriate for breakfast. It was a challenge to force her wandering eyes to not ogle Darcy as he stripped his wetsuit from his tall frame. His muscle tone was wickedly defined, and the low hang of the heavy neoprene from his hips, soaking up the rivulets of water that ran down his chest, fascinated Lizzie in a way that made it difficult to focus. Lizzie's face was burning by the time she took her place in the car, her discomposure making it difficult to respond to Darcy's enquiries about her time on the water with anything more than monosyllables. It was almost a relief when they reached the small cafe they had prearranged and met Bingley and Lizzie's respective families. Darcy entered the cafe first, with Lizzie and Gigi following behind. Caroline's narrowed eyes flicked from Darcy to Lizzie and back again. "Why, Lizzie, it's positively a treat to see you after so long, I almost wouldn't have recognised you." Lizzie managed to smile. "And you, Caro, you look well. I love your sequins." Caro, as always, was overdressed for the casual breakfast, but Lizzie suspected her own damp unruly hair and simple jeans and t-shirt contrasted unsuccessfully with Caro's put together ensemble and perfectly blow dried hair. She turned her attention to her aunt and uncle, hoping that the remaining warmth to her cheeks wasn't as obvious as it felt. Even though Darcy was seated at the end of the table, Lizzie could tell by the curious glances of Caroline and Augusta that they suspected something more than the reality of Lizzie and Darcy's polite re-acquaintance was occurring. Even Claire looked thoughtful. Lizzie wished she could tell the entire lot of them to mind their own business but instead buried her head in the menu, only looking up when the waiter enquired about her order. She was hungry after the morning's vigorous activity and chose the pancakes with berries and syrup with a side of bacon. Caroline raised an eyebrow. "You're lucky you can tolerate all that gluten and fat, Lizzie, my stomach could never tolerate such an overload." Gigi responded before Lizzie could answer. "You should come for a surf one day, Caro, there's no better way of working up an appetite. I'm having the same as Lizzie. You'll regret it if you don't try the pancakes here, Caro." Caroline's supercilious shudder made Lizzie's skin crawl. She had managed to seat herself in the chair between Darcy and Gigi, constantly inserting herself into the conversation between Lizzie and Gigi, who sat at Darcy's sister's other side. "I'm not surprised you're down here, Lizzie, Margaret River must be so slow now the pro tour is over." "Why that was months ago, your memory is so good." "And I hope it hasn't been too quiet for you when the grape picking season's over. It's such a shame the lack of masculine talent in the southwest is over winter." Lizzie chuckled, sincerely entertained by Caroline's barbs. "It's definitely challenging, but we try and keep ourselves busy." "Don't worry, next year will be here in no time. I had heard that you and your family had become very close to George Wickham. Isn't it sad when people have to move on?" As she carried on, Caroline appeared to have no idea of the reactions of the siblings sitting immediately adjacent to her. Darcy stiffened while Gigi dropped her fork with a clang, picking up her napkin and pressing it to her mouth. To Caroline's credit, as much as Lizzie found it hard to allow her any, she suspected Bingley's sister knew nothing about Wickham's past in relation to Gigi. Her behaviour toward Darcy's younger sister was genuine enough though her motives were, as ever, questionable. "Easy come, easy go, Caro." Lizzie spoke breezily as she reached forward, ostensibly for the maple syrup, managing to upset the water jug and cascade liquid all over the table. She was grimly pleased that while Caroline's lap was drenched everyone else was almost unscathed. "Oh my god, Caro, I'm so sorry, your beautiful dress!" Lizzie reached across Gigi, dabbing ineffectually at Caroline's lap with a napkin. Caroline pushed her hand away. "Don't touch me!" Darcy's expression of concern had softened to something far more like amusement and as Caroline pushed her chair back and stormed toward the bathroom, Lizzie met his eyes. They were alight with gratitude and warmth, and Lizzie found it difficult to force her own gaze back towards her companion. She made small talk with Gigi for the rest of the meal, choosing her words carefully to draw the young woman out of her shell. Whatever the feelings Gigi had felt for Wickham, it was clear she was flooded with shame or some other disabling emotion Lizzie could only guess at. As she directed the conversation to her upcoming exams and plans for after she graduated from high school, Gigi's pink cheeks faded and her stammered responses became coherent. Caroline returned to the table just as most of the others were finishing their meals. She took her place next to Darcy, studiously ignoring Lizzie's repeated apologies, and started picking at her paleo bowl. Darcy played the gentlemen, maintaining his part of a conversation with her, but Caroline must have observed the glances he kept shooting Lizzie and his sister. Her expression became even sourer, if that were possible. The party lingered over their second coffees while Caroline finished her breakfast, discussing plans for the rest of the vacation. Lizzie and the Gardiners had only four days remaining so Gigi, after a whispered conference with her brother, requested they attend Pemberley for a meal three nights hence to celebrate the end of school holidays. The Gardeners accepted with pleasures, Lizzie murmuring her agreement. She tried to catch Darcy's eye to gauge his feelings about the invitation but his attention was solely focussed on her uncle. "In fact, what are you up to today, Ron?" "Chauffeuring these lushes around. Which vineyard are we visiting today?" Claire gave a mock gasp of outrage and elbowed her husband as Darcy continued. "If Claire and Lizzie can spare you, Bing and I were wondering if you might want to come out on his boat and chuck in a line? I know a great little spot we might find some dhuies." "Dhufish!" Ron's face lit up. "They can spare me, but are you sure? I'd hate to impose." "It's not an imposition at all, I'm having a bit of an at home holiday while the Bingleys are here and Gigi is off school. And as Lizzie knows it's one of the few quiet times of year on the vineyard. It would be a pleasure if you joined us." Darcy finally glanced over at Lizzie but his gaze was unreadable. "Go on, Ron. I know how much you want to go. Lizzie and I'll have a girls day and go visit the berry farm." Claire turned to Gigi. "Would you like to come? Caro and Augusta would be welcome to come too, of course." Caroline quickly interceded. "I promised Gigi we'd have our own girls day and have a manicure and a spa." She looked pertly at Darcy. "If the boys are busy, then it's the perfect day for it." Lizzie noted that Caro didn't return the invitation to include her aunt and herself, but it didn't bother her, rather it made her glad she didn't need to come up with an excuse to decline. Gigi looked a little disappointed but didn't defer from Caroline's plans. Ron passed the car keys to Claire after Darcy promised to drop him home later that day, and the party broke up, Ron leaving with Bingley and Darcy. Lizzie and her aunt talked mostly without pause as they went about their day, as was their wont. They discussed the Bingley family in depth, Claire agreeing that her impressions of Caroline wasn't particularly favourable and that she would be entirely capable of interfering with Bingley's relationship with Jane. They spoke of Bingley and how Lizzie found him not so easily natured as he had been, even Claire noticing the crease of anxiety making itself at home on his brow and his constant need to fidget. They talked of Gigi's reserve and sweetness, and of the perfection of Pemberley estate. But of Darcy himself they spoke little. Lizzie was longing to hear her aunt's opinion of him, but couldn't hit on a way to raise the topic without exposing her own interest. But Claire offered no opinion at all, talking around her new acquaintance but never directly of him. They returned finally to the cottage, laden with fresh berries and local cheeses to find Ron already at home, scaling and cleaning an array of fish he and his companions had caught, full of praise for the generosity Darcy and Bingley, and his pleasure in the day.
Wow, what a crazy few months - my partner has been really sick, which has completely taken all my focus. But I had a quiet moment to review this chapter and I decided it was ready, so here you go. I have some time off work over Easter so I'm hoping to get some quality writing in. See you all soon! Thanks as always for the likes, follows, most of all, the reviews! Lizzie had started to find the lack of phone reception and the subsequent difficulties in checking her emails and messages more inconvenient than relaxing. It had been a cold and rainy day following that of the breakfast with the Darcys and Bingleys, so she had spent it hanging around the cottage with her aunt and uncle, playing cards and reading books in front of the small wood fired stove. Though Lizzie certainly felt deeply rested, the thought of her family and her other work and study commitments kept niggling at her. So when Claire suggested lunch at a winery they hadn't yet visited, Lizzie declined. She regretted not bringing her own car, thinking longingly of the caf they had been to a few days before with its free Wi-Fi and bottomless flat whites. She was tempted to get her aunt and uncle to drop her off there on their way to the winery but decided that a long walk in solitude instead would surely subdue her unsettled emotions. Breathing in the warm scent of damp eucalyptus, Lizzie walked along the bush tracks away from the cottage, thinking about their invitation to Pemberley Estate for the evening and trying to suppress her thrill of nerves. There was no garment in her backpack, let alone her closet at home, that could compete with Caroline's wardrobe. The one skirt she had bought with her would have to do; she just hoped it was dressy enough. Concentrating on her clothing only distracted her from thinking about Darcy temporarily. His warmth and attention, she had to admit, was increasingly compelling. She could only wonder at what it meant, refusing to let herself come to any conclusion. Her feelings towards the man were totally confusing. But as much as she tried to deny it, she felt a frisson of expectation, of wonder. The memory of his intent gaze kept revisiting her. She started to jog down the track, trying to outrun the anxiety welling inside of her. If she were to be brutally honest with herself, she was hoping that Darcy might contact her before their visit to his home that evening. She was a modern woman, she had a phone, and she could just call him. But what would she say? It was unimaginable to think she could just drop in visit him uninvited at Pemberley, even if it were possible, she would never find him alone, not with Caroline anywhere in his vicinity. It was a hopeless situation and it was entirely ridiculous for her to be obsessing so much over it. William Darcy was simply proving to her that everything that she had ever said or thought about him was wrong. Rubbing her nose in it, if you like. He hadn't even tried to talk to her alone when they were at the beach. She thought about how he waylaid her in the cellar at De Bourgh Estate. If he tried that again, Lizzie would be unable to muster up any of the anger she was feeling at the time, in fact, her reaction would be the complete opposite. Except for the returning his kiss part. That she would most definitely repeat. She felt heat rise in her cheeks just thinking about it. Sometimes Lizzie wished she was just a tiny bit more like her sister Lydia, and not so wound up about everything. If Darcy turned up and offered her the same carte blanche to his body he had previously, she would jump him then and there. Surely at the dinner at Pemberley she could muster the courage to see him alone and to ask him what his intentions were. The thought made Lizzie giggle. It was so archaic. It was the 21st century; it shouldn't be this hard. Maybe she could just text him - DTF? The giggle turned into laughter, startling a flock of black cockatoos foraging in an overhanging Marri tree. Lizzie stopped to watch them, catching her breath as they raucously complained about her interruption, raining chewed gumnuts down at her. They clearly agreed with the folly of her thoughts as well. Lizzie kept checking the bars on her phone, but it wasn't until she neared the top of the hill she had visited previously that the no service signal disappeared and her phone started beeping message alerts. The screen showed a string of missed calls and messages from Jane, her Mum and Dad, and even Kitty, going back over the past 36 hours. It was difficult to tell what going on from the confused communications, but it was at least clear that a serious situation involving Lydia had occurred. Lizzie switched to her speed dial to call Jane's number, her sister answering at the first ring. "Lizzie? Thank heavens you've called." "Jane, what's Lydia done now? Is she ok?" "Oh Lizzie, she's missing! Emma Forster's Dad rang the night before yesterday saying she hadn't come home." "Oh my God, has it been reported to the police?" "Yes, but there's more too it. Emma said Lydia's with George Wickham!" "What do you mean?" "Just listen, Lizzie. Emma had been covering for Lydia for 24 hours before they found out she was gone, so she's been missing for at least 3 days. Apparently it was all prearranged, we suspect even Kitty knew about it, given how unsurprised she was. They met up with him in Perth and apparently George took the girls to some parties. Lizzie, Emma told the police that he had given them methamphetamine and Lydia went completely wild and wouldn't come home with her, and George did nothing to help, in fact he encouraged her! And now her phone's off... we just don't know what to do." Jane's voice had grown more and more distressed as she conveyed the information to her sister. "What about the GPS on her phone, have they tried that? And is there anything on her social media?" Jane gave a sob. "There's nothing. The police have been trying to track it but she hasn't been online and none of her friends have heard from her. She's gone completely off the radar. Dad's gone to Perth to look for her, but he doesn't even know where to start. He's looked everywhere we can think of, but she could be anywhere." "Jesus, Jane, what else? So Emma Forster was covering for her? When exactly was she last seen?" "They went out to a party on Friday night but Emma's Mum picked them up around 10pm. Apparently they snuck back out of the house and went back to the party to meet up with George. Emma told her parents that they'd been out shopping all day but when Lydia stopped answering her messages she finally told them she had gone that night." "When did Emma last hear from her?" "Saturday afternoon." "That's nearly 2 days ago! Has Dad spoken to the hosts of the party they went to? They must know something." "Apparently they don't. They were friends of Emma's and Lydia was the one to invite George there. A whole pile of alcohol was missing from their liquor cabinet as well, and we're all sure he's responsible for that too." "I wouldn't put a trick like that past either of them. What exactly did Kitty say?" "At first she said nothing but once she realised how serious it was, she told us that Lydia had been sneaking out with George for months." "I knew it. Jane, I should have trusted my gut. I knew something was going on." "We weren't even there for the most of it. That's how no one cottoned onto her. Lizzie, I'm sorry but you have to come home immediately, Mum's having a break down, thinking they're both dead. She still can't believe that her 'Georgie' could be responsible. We need you, Lizzie." "I'll come home as soon as I possibly can. Tonight by the very latest." Lizzie's stomach went cold with horror. "Oh, Jane, I bet that's where Lydia got the drugs she spiked my drink with. It's so obvious it was George. I should have guessed it before. This must have been going on the whole time we've known him. I feel so responsible, it's my fault no one knew what he was capable of." Jane burst into tears. "No, it's my fault, Lizzie, I was the one who said not to tell. What if she's in real trouble? She could be dead or overdosed, and no one to help her!" It took a while to calm Jane down, though Lizzie was feeling near hysterical herself. They ended the phone call as soon as they had gone over every bit of information or possibility for her whereabouts she and Jane could think of. The list was distressingly short. Lizzie next tried to call her aunt but it went straight to voicemail. She left a garbled message before trying her uncle. It too was out of range. The subsequent text she sent simply said that Lydia was missing, begging them both to return to the cottage as soon as possible. She then messaged her Mum and Dad telling them she'd be home by that evening. Finally she tried to call Lydia, and then texted her, before checking her sister's Facebook feed and Instagram. The last post Lydia had made was of a pouting selfie from 3 days before, the caption expressing excitement for some party she was going to. Lizzie private messaged her, suspecting the attempt was useless, but hoping regardless that her words would get through. As a last effort, she searched through her call history to find Wickham's number, which she had deleted and blocked from her phone months before. The call failed to go through; there wasn't even an option to leave a voice message, so she typed a text message. 'What the fuck have you done? Where is Lydia? Call me right now.' Lizzie was beside herself with concern for Lydia. It was tempting to wait for a return message from Claire and Ron, but she couldn't sit and do nothing, and, if they were going to leave immediately, the cottage still needed to be packed up. For the second time that day she cursed not having bought her own vehicle. She walked back down the hill, watching despairingly as the bars of phone service dropped to nothing and the no service icon appeared on her screen. Lizzie ran for most of the way back to the cottage and started packing up their scattered belongings, randomly cramming items into bags, barely able to see past the worried tears that welled in her eyes. She paused when she heard a car crunch over the gravel in the car park and rushed outside to greet her aunt and uncle. But instead of Claire and Ron, she found Darcy stepping out of his 4WD. His welcoming smile faded as he observed her disturbed state. "Hey, Lizzie, are you ok? Are you crook or something? Sorry if this is a bad time." Lizzie brushed her sleeve over her eyes to wipe at the tears flooding her cheeks. "No, no I'm...it's fine, but I'm waiting for my aunt and uncle, we have to leave, I have to get home." His brow creased in consternation. "What's happened?" "I'veI've just had the worst news, my little sister Lydia, has been missing for 3 days, and the last person she was seen with was George Wickham." Lizzie's response was so breathless she wondered how Darcy could make sense of it, but by the way his face darkened she knew he understood. She closed her eyes against his direct gaze. "I could have prevented this, I should have told my family about Wickham's history, I could have stopped Dad from letting her go to Perth. But it's too late, she could be dead somewhere for all we know!" At her last words, the tears Lizzie had been trying to control got the best of her and she crumpled into a chair on the veranda, covering her face with her hands. Darcy took a seat opposite her, drumming his fingers on the table. "Are you sure she's not at another friend's house or something?" Lizzie nodded her head without looking up. "Completely sure, she doesn't really know anyone in Perth that I'm aware of, if she's not with Wickham then she's alone on the streets and I'm not sure which option is worse. I can't believe I let this happen. He was visiting my family while I was at De Bourgh estate and I stupidly thought it was to try and get closer to me, but Jane told me that Kitty said they'd been sneaking out to parties with him and he had been giving them drugs." Lizzie raised her eyes to meet his, knowing it was time to confess her suspicions. "It's...it has to have been going on for months...that night... Bingley's party, Lydia spiked my drink with Ecstasy and I didn't even think to put it down to George Wickham, even after you told me what he'd done to Gigi." Darcy made no answer. He pushed his chair back and stood up, walking up to the railing surrounding the deck and looking out over the scrub. When he turned back to her, his face was unreadable. Lizzie knew he was thinking of what had happened between them that night, wishing she had told him her suspicions earlier. Knowing that he would be as embarrassed as she was and that any tiny bit of regard he might still hold for her was gone. "I'm so sorry, Lizzie. I understand what you're going through. Look, I'm still in touch with a few of our mutual uni friends and I'll make some enquiries to see if anyone has seen him. I wish..." His voice trailed off. Lizzie wanted to ask him to finish what he was going to say, but her courage failed her. So she just said, "Can you, please?" "Of course." He scratched his head ruefully, ruffling the dark locks. "I was in the area, and thought I'd just pop past to see if you wanted to come to mine earlier so I could give you a tour before dinner...My sister was baking a cake for dessert, she was really excited you were coming over. I'll have to tell her it's off." "Yes, I'm just waiting for Claire and Ron to get back, they went out for lunch. I don't know if they've even got my messages yet. But regardless, please give Gigi my apologies, there's no way we can come to dinner now. Andand please tell her what's happened if you think it's appropriate, I don't want to distress her." Darcy nodded. "I'll think of something. Where were Claire and Ron dining? I can see if I can find them if you like?" She told him the vineyard Claire and Ron had been planning on going to. "Thanks, I'm sure they'll be here soon though, it's really not necessary for you to go out of your way. Please don't trouble yourself." "It's no trouble. Hopefully they're on there way back by now though." He paused for a long moment, jingling the keys in his hand. "I should get out of your hair I guess. If there's anything I can help with, please give me a call. I've got Ron's number as well, so I'll make sure I contact him in Perth if I find anything out." "Thanks, we'd all appreciate that." "Are you sure you'll be ok by yourself? "Yes, I'll be fine, besides I need to keep packing." "I'll leave you to it then." Darcy gave her a serious look as they parted. "It was good to see you again, Lizzie, I'm sorry it's ended like this. Please give my regards to your family, and best of luck with Lydia, I hope she's already turned up." Lizzie didn't stay to watch him drive away. She didn't think it was possible to feel more gutted than she had been. Despite Darcy's gentle words, it was clear that her couldn't wait to get away from her and her tiresome family life. He'd rather call her uncle than speak to her now. Lizzie had never thought that Lydia had held much interest for Wickham or visa versa, but her little sister had been uncharacteristically cagey over her activities for months. She had assumed Lydia's expressions of jealousy over the older surfer had been on Lizzie's behalf, not her own. But knowing what she did about George, she should have been more protective, more forthcoming with her knowledge. Her selfishness in not wanting to expose her own actions had meant her precociously wild little sister had been easy prey for the predatorial Wickham. It sickened her. For all the low feelings Lizzie had experienced over the past few months, this was rock bottom. She could laugh at how self-obsessed she had been. And for Darcy? Surely this was the last straw, he'd put the knowledge of Wickham's real self into her hands and she had done nothing. So anxious to preserve herself, she'd put her own family at risk. He must be as disgusted with her as she was with herself. Her tears dried on her cheeks as she sunk further into depression, the frenzy going from her efforts at packing. It was doubtful she would see Darcy again, at least not on such intimate terms. And the thought was more miserable than she could have ever imagined. She had allowed herself to start dwelling on the possibilities of their friendship. That perhaps it could have been more than that. But it was pointless to dwell upon; it was all at an end. What idiot would want to get involved with her complicated, trashy life? Why would he even want his sister around the bad influence of her family, even of herself? Why had she told him that Lydia had spiked her drink? It was like a confessional, once she started, she couldn't hold back any information, even in the spirit of self-preservation. Shame raged in her heart as blindly threw the last remaining items from the fridge into the bin. Lizzie felt wild to be home. For a family she wanted to avoid rather than celebrate most of the time, they suddenly felt more precious than she had ever felt before. The surge of gratitude and relief she felt when her aunt and uncle appeared at the door was so overwhelming she burst into tears again. Claire came to her niece and enveloped her in a hug. "Lizzie? What's going on? Darcy found us and said Lydia was in trouble. We only got your message on the way home." Lizzie buried her face into her aunt's shoulder, muffling her words. "How do I even begin? Lydia's missing. We think she's with George Wickham." "With your friend George? I don't understand, Lizzie?" She wiped her eyes as she removed herself from Claire's embrace. "I haven't been entirely honest with you. George isn't what he seems. I should have told you before." "What do you mean?" "I can't explain now, we have to go. Dad's in Perth looking for her, I have to go and help. We can talk in the car." "Of course, love, we'll go immediately. Ron, go to reception and tell them we have to cut our booking short. Lizzie and I'll start packing the car." The cottage was mostly clear, though Lizzie's haphazard packing had tangled their belongings into a mess that wasn't going to be simple to unravel. By the time Ron returned, she and Claire had stowed most of the baggage in the car. Lizzie laid bare the story to her aunt and uncle during the long drive home, though she would have rather closed her eyes and pretended to sleep. It was difficult recounting the story of Wickham's behaviour towards her, his cultivation of the Bennet family, and her own continual mistakes and lapses of judgment. "But, Claire, it never even entered my mind that he would use Lydia like this. She's been so rebellious and secretive these past months, I should have made the connection, or at least realised how vulnerable she was. I should have protected her. I've been so caught up in myself, it's my fault this happened to her." "Lizzie, stop it now, beating yourself up doesn't do anyone any good. You're not responsible for George or Lydia's actions. Besides, we don't know the full story, there's a chance he could be trying to help her." Lizzie knew there was no point in giving Wickham the benefit of any doubt. "No, Claire, Lydia's friend Emma said he's been giving them drugs and there is no way past that. I'm sure he's been supplying to her for months." Claire looked even more distressed. "I don't know what to say, Lizzie." "I wish I knew what was going on. Lydia has talked about running away her whole life, every single time she was crossed as a kid, but she never acted upon it." "What motive could Wickham have for harbouring her?" "I can't help but think its some perverse vengeance on me." Lizzie shivered, she could think of quite a few more motives, none of them situations she wanted to see any woman in, let alone her littlest sister. "Jane said that Kitty confessed she knew that Lydia was planning to meet up with George. It was prearranged that they'd meet in Perth. Emma put pressure on her parents to let Lydia come with them. Apparently they thought it was romantic, but Kitty didn't think she was going to run away, that was the shock she needed to come clean about everything." "Do you really think George is capable of taking advantage of Lydia?" "I believe him capable of anything. The man is entirely without a moral compass and would use anyone for his own ends." "I thought you were friends." "Not anymore. I ran into him after I got back from De Bourgh Estate, before he left the area. It wasn't pretty. I told him to stay away from my family. I told you about how shittily George had treated Darcy, but I didn't give you all the information. He preyed upon Gigi, Claire, he basically did the same thing to her as he's doing to Lydia." "Lizzie, why didn't you tell me earlier? The man should be in jail!" "Yes, but Gigi didn't want to press charges and it sounded like a one off situation prompted by revenge, not because he has a taste for underage girls. Oh God, he's just so repulsive, we have to get Lyddy away from him." "And we will." "If I'd paid more attention to Lydia, I would have found out what's going on and I could have stopped it." "So there's no chance he has feelings for Lydia? You saw nothing that made you think they might care for each other?" "I barely even saw them together. Lydia mentioned him a few times but mostly just talked about his exploits with other women. That's how I found out he was such a player. I didn't find out about Gigi until I stayed at De Bourgh Estate and I never thought to look at Lydia's relationship in more detail. I told you this was my fault. You have to see that now." "Lizzie, you weren't to know. You showed integrity and respect for Darcy and Gigi in not using that information." Claire's words didn't make Lizzie feel any better. She closed her eyes and pretended to sleep for the rest of the drive, listening to Claire and Ron discuss their options in looking for her when they got to Perth. They reached Loungbourne Farm by the early evening. Lizzie felt slightly lifted by the sight of Jane and Kitty coming from the house to greet them. Jane put her arms around Lizzie, "I'm so glad you're here." "Is there any more news?" Jane shook her head as she released her sister. "Dad just called, but nothing's changed." Ron gave Jane a hug as well. "Claire and I are driving straight to Perth to help." Lizzie put her arm around the contrite looking Kitty as she spoke. "Should I go with them, Janey? Can you hold the fort here?" "You can't go yet, Lizzie, I need your help with Mum and the farm, I can't handle them both." "How's Mum?" "Having a full breakdown, hysterics and everything." "What about Amanda Phillips? Can she come and stay?" Jane sighed and shook her head. "She's been here everyday, and Mum is worse every time she leaves." The more Lizzie tried to find solutions the more helpless she felt. Claire and Ron only stayed briefly to see Priscilla and then left to continue their long drive home. They had called Frank to tell him they were on their way, and that he should meet them at their house to use as a base while they all continued the search. Lizzie was anxious to go with them but she could see by her sisters' distress, and their mother's near catatonia, that she was needed at home. It was with a feeling of despondency that she waved her aunt and uncle goodbye. After mechanically going through the nightly farm routine and a subdued meal with her sisters, Lizzie retired to bed. But predictably, sleep eluded her. Her mind felt like it was on tracks, constantly following the same thought processes, always ending in the steps she could have taken to prevent her sister's actions. And Darcy, always Darcy. His face had been completely unreadable when she confessed the truth about what Lydia had done the night of Bingley's party. He would think her response to him had been entirely chemically created, just as Lizzie had convinced herself. It was only now that there was no chance of any re-ignition of his feelings that she could admit that even though she never would have acted upon her attraction without the total removal of her inhibitions, the contrary desire had been there all along.
