A Second Chance Chapter 1 Lizzie pulled a curl out of her coiffure, twisting it one way and then the other. Losing patience, she tried to pin it back with little success. Her hands were shaking. She examined her face critically in the mirror. For a recent widow of 28 years she didn't look too hagged. She straightened her skirts, gave up on her hair, and slipped on her dancing slippers. Peeking into the adjoining room, she saw that her son of six years was still awake, tossing. Her baby girl was sleeping peacefully in a ruffled crib. The children's nurse came forward, "Now you go and enjoy yourself, I'm sure Ben will settle presently." Lizzie walked towards the little wooden bed and gave Ben a quick cuddle. His eyes were very curious as he took in her raiment. "Mama, you look so pretty. You don't look like my mama." Lizzie stifled a giggle and held her son gently by his shoulders. "Now Ben, you be good for Nurse Higgins, and tomorrow I will tell you all about the officers I will see tonight. Maybe I will even dance with one." "Silly Mama. Soldiers don't dance, they ride horses and fight." "Sometimes they do, but tonight they are dancing at your Aunt and Uncle's ball." Lizzie kissed him and went over to little Sallie. Kissing her fingers, she laid them on her baby's soft cheek. "Sleep well," she whispered. Downstairs, Mrs. Bennett was bustling about her room, trailing her shawl, and sporting three enormous ostrich feathers on her headdress. "Oh my dear, there you are, I am about ready to leave, but your silly sister has decided her green dress does not become her and nothing would do but to change to her pink one!" Passing her father's study, Lizzie went in and sat down. Mr. Bennett looked up from the book he was perusing. "Well?" "Father, Mary has decided to change her dress." Her father put down his book and said reflectively that since Mr Farrow, a new curate at the church, had come into the town, Mary was taking much more care about her appearance and dress. "Yes," agreed Lizzie, "and she also seems happier." Grinning conspiratorially at each other, they went to the waiting carriage. Rocking over the rough road on the way to Netherfield, Lizzie told herself that widows were allowed to go to dances, often went to dances, and sometimes even danced. Since her husband had died in a shocking accident almost three years ago, Lizzie had lost most of her eagerness for dancing. Having been pregnant and the mother of a three year old at the time of her loss had kept her occupied almost constantly, but having to be a mama at the same time as being a grieving widow had slowly helped her recover, and also meant that at no time could she sink wholly into despair. Now spending the summer with her parents, she was ready to take her first careful steps back into society. "And after all," her mother was saying, "We must ensure that Mary sees as much of Mr. Farrow as we can manage. This seems to be a very good thing, and it would be a shame for anything to happen to ruin it." Lizzie cast her mind back to her own first love, and then even further, to the first awakening of emotions that were never resolved, painful, and never fully realized. A dark figure with inscrutable eyes hovered at the edge of her consciousness. Stepping into the ballroom, Lizzie felt a tap on her arm. "Lizzie Braithwaite, I am delighted you have at last put off those widows weeds and stepped out of the nursery." Lizzie looked up and saw an elegant green gown that surely had cost as much as hers, her mother's, and Mary's combined. "Miss Bingley - I beg your pardon, Mrs. Lafarge - how lovely to see you." Lizzie intoned. Although they had been family for many years, Lizzie found it hard to act naturally around her brother-in-law's sister. Her consequence and snide behaviour had not diminished with age. Although her looks had, Lizzie noted to herself with a self satisfied feeling. Mrs. Lafarge was determined to act the welcoming friend however, and kept Lizzie busy for some time. While chatting with her old acquaintance, Lizzie felt surprisingly alone. When she had had Tom beside her, everything was a game to be enjoyed, but now it all seemed a bit like a test. Lizzie missed her husband. His joy and his sense of fun and unending energy. He had bounced into her life a little while after her sister Jane had gotten engaged to Charles Bingley. Fresh from the shock of Lydia's elopement and subsequent marriage - Lizzie still thanked the Lord that her uncle had managed to bring that about - Lizzie had been awash with longing for a man she could never have. He had been a mystery, and then had disappeared from her life abruptly. After that, she had seen him very infrequently and always in company. He was inscrutable, intense, grave, and silent, and thoroughly out of her reach, when Thomas Braithwaite had tumbled into town. Lizzie had happily fallen in love with him after a little persuasion on his part. He was uncomplicated to her complexity, and matched her intelligence with unbounded curiosity about everything. He was easy and sweet and not a very good horseman. Jane was wearing a pale pink gown, looking beautiful. Having four children in four years had not changed her looks or figure in any discernible way. Her husband Charles was beside her, smiling happily at all his guests. Having met Jane and complimented her on her gown, Lizzie moved further into the room. (I know some of you may disagree with what I have done here, but I write from my heart, and this is the story it wanted to tell. many thanks to misspseudonymous for the encouragement and editing) Please comment with any ideas, complaints, or just to say hi :)
A Second Chance Chapter 2 Fitzwilliam Darcy was surprised that his valet, usually so up to the mark, had neglected to lay out his evening shoes. Then he very nearly blushed and ruefully shuffled his feet, shoes absentmindedly having been put on five minutes before. He didn't often go to balls, although he did make an effort to attend at least some of society's biggest events, and of course hosted Pemberley's Christmas dance every year. When he did attend, it was from an effort to be a gentleman, not to disoblige his host, or to ensure that he not hurt a lady's feelings, rather than an expression of his natural inclination. He closed his door gently and stepped into the long corridor on the upper story of Netherfield. It was quite a walk to the ballroom. He remembered when he had first seen her, and dismissed her so flippantly, and then how her charms had built up against him, and how he had fallen for her. He skipped over how he had so thoroughly mistaken her feelings, and how she had set him straight. He had written her a letter then, and gone home to Pemberley, and thought about what she had told him. He had looked into his soul, and had found himself lacking. At first from a reaction to her fury, and then from a growing understanding of how much happiness he was giving his sister, and finally from a deep knowledge and self-understanding and joy, he had changed the way he related to others and the way he treated them. He strived to be a better person and to treat all with respect. It had been seven years since he had been in this part of the world, seven years in which scarcely a day had gone by when he hadn't thought of her. First with mingling passion and hurt, then with shock and a deep sense of loss at her marriage. In the intervening years his thoughts had quietened somewhat, but she was the standard against which he unknowingly measured all females. When his friend Charles Bingley carelessly dropped a piece of information about her, he surreptitiously drank it in and subtly squeezed him for more. He had heard of her first child, a son, and years of domestic felicity. He at least could be happy she was happy, even though his heart burned when he thought of what might have been. He spent many nights tossing, and upon waking, realized he had dreamt of her again. He buried himself in his books, his work, and spent long stretches of time with his sister. He was happy and fulfilled, but with a very real feeling that there was something missing from his life. It wasn't as if he hadn't tried; he had looked at the young ladies presented to him, but there was something lacking. Their eyes lacked spirit, and he found their pleasing conversation insipid. He found himself perfunctorily requesting the honour of a dance with this young lady, or that young miss, but he could never summon up more interest than kind civility. There had been a dashing young widow with flashing eyes who had roused his interest for a short while, but she seemed like the wind-up nightingale in the fairy tale, all glistening gems and sparkle but no natural music at all. He had struggled against the cards that had been dealt him, and had often thought he would never marry. How could he think of marrying when behind every fan he imagined he would see her, and every glossy head brought her image to mind. He wouldn't take a young innocent to wife whilst so deeply in love with another. Then came her husband's shocking death, and another birth, and now he was going to see her. He had kept away, wanting to save himself the unrelenting pain of seeing her when he could not have her. He remembered her sister's wedding, him fresh with the recent knowledge of a third sister's unaccountable marriage. The temporary confusion that had afforded him, and the clenching frustration it had happened at all, had made him unable to talk to Elizabeth at all, and beyond a slight softening of her manner towards him, no doubt accorded by the letter he had written, it had been a wasted opportunity. He didn't know that the next time he would see her she would be engaged to another. He felt much more unsure than he could remember In his 34 years. He had never minded so much before what a woman would think of him. But he wanted to please her. Very very much. He wondered if she was much changed from the girl he had once known so briefly. Then he chided himself, that was a lifetime ago. That short amount of time seven years ago had meant everything to him. He wasn't sure it meant anything to her at all. His old shyness threatened to overcome him as, hesitating, he stepped into the ballroom. Shaking Charles' hand and grasping him by the shoulder gave him something to do with his hands. "Mr. Darcy, we are so pleased you managed to join us." Author's Note: Thank you so much for all the encouragement, ideas, and questions I have received. I take everything on board and am so grateful for all the interest. I hope this chapter will answer some of the questions and issues raised. Enjoy! And let me know what you think.
Many thanks for MissPseudonymous for all the encouragement. I cant believe it took so long to come back to this, but without your editing, it would never have happened at all. I really hope you all enjoy this instalment, please comment, and I will do my best to get the continuing chapters up very soon. A Second Chance Chapter 3 Fashions had not changed a great deal in the years since Elizabeth had made her come out and first danced in this room. Her dress was still high waisted, designed to make her look like a Grecian column, but the colour was significantly different to the simple white muslins she had worn then. The uncertain feelings dancing in her chest were similar though. Deep in her thoughts and flushing a little, Lizzie tripped. Her dress needed some quick fixing along the hem. Waving her sister and mother away, she assured them she would be fine. She was actually pleased with the extra time it afforded her to gather her thoughts. The withdrawing room was a welcome oasis of quiet and she helped herself to a needle and thread. When she had finished, she took a deep breath, opened the door, and stepped out. She imagined Ben urging his toy soldiers on to battle, pushing them forward. She mumbled to herself, "But then I'm not a carved wooden soldier,"and knocked her shoulder hard into a pillar. Except it wasn't a pillar. It was a man leaning against a pillar – or was he hiding behind it? It was hard to tell.Lizzie had to look up to apologise. Her throat went dry. Swallowing deeply and closing her eyes just for the briefest of moments, she opened her mouth to talk but was forestalled. A bow was proffered, and he spoke to her. "Mrs Braithwaite, it is a pleasure to see you again. I was so sorry to hear of your loss." Nodding and smiling a little, she collected herself and thanked him for the sentiments. She apologised for knocking into him. "This is the first time I have been to a ball since…" She steeled herself. "Since my husband died. I was just gathering my courage." "Were you? It sounded like you were convincing yourself you were not a member of the militia." Staring blankly at him, she recollected what she had said and stifled a giggle. "Well yes, I was imagining I was one of my son's toy soldiers, and how easy it would be to push me into the ball, like he pushes them onto the battlefield." There was a silence. And then he said a bit hesitantly, "You have a son." It wasn't a question. It seemed that he wanted to say it to her. To tell her that he was aware she was a mother now. "I do. A daughter also." He looked down at her with an inscrutable expression. He was stunned though, by the feeling that ran through him on seeing her. He had recognized it instantly, and it pulled him to her with a familiar force. It had been hard enough to resist her company last time for as long as he did. Denying it to himself had been the only form of defence he had. And now he could own to it. "Mrs Braithwaite, you must allow me to tell you what pleasure it gives me to see you again." "Thank you, Mr Darcy." There was an uncomfortable silence. She took a quick look up at him, seeing his face calm but cautious. Hers had a small smile. "May I inquire after your sister's health?" He smiled, "She is in very good health indeed. She is here tonight; I hope you will see her presently." He soon found himself telling her about his nieces. She in turn found herself laughing with him as he told her about little Annabelle. She smiled and said, "I think she must be about my little Sally's age." Talking to Mr Darcy had made her feel uncomfortable. It must be because of those memories she had of him. Must be because of that horrible proposal she had received from him. Must be.Surely it had nothing to do with the awareness that she had been waiting to see just him tonight. And the realization that their conversation had not been uncomfortable at all. Just her feelings about it. Drifting away with Jane, Lizzie reflected that it was three years since she had thought about any man at all. Lifting her eyes around the room she spied him again, talking to a dowager. Jane followed her glance and gave Charles at her side a studied look. He smiled happily back at her, not noticing her quick head tilt at Lizzie.Lizzie continued studying Mr. Darcy. She couldn't quite remember what had happened at the end. There had been that disastrous proposal of course, and her determined refusal. And the letter she had received the next day. But she had never really spoken to him since. She had intended to go with her Uncle and Aunt Gardiner to the Lakes, but it had had to be put off due to a horrific cold that her aunt had caught. And then when Lydia eloped there was no question of going anywhere. After that she had met Braithwaite. She supposed Darcy must have been at Jane's wedding, but she couldn't remember seeing him. It all seemed a lifetime ago. So much had happened in the intervening years. To her at least. He looked much the same she supposed. A little broader across the shoulders perhaps, a little grey at his temples. His manner had changed too she thought. He had seemed so kind when she had been speaking to her just now. Gentle andapproachable. Spying Mary talking intensely to a sandy-haired man in a black coat, she smiled and went off to find her mother. Darcy was nodding along to a dowager. He wasn't sure what she was saying. His thoughts were elsewhere, on the other side of the room. With a slender woman with a chestnut curl falling onto her shoulder and a quizzical expression on her face. He didn't mind that. She was looking at him he thought. He listened again to the elderly lady. "So then I said to your mother, that you looking just this way at my daughter had scared her off, and of course after that, nothing would do for her but London." He nodded again and smiled at her and bowed. He could not for the life of him remember her name or focus on her long enough to understand a word of what she had said but it had been a long time since he had allowed his abruptness to take precedence over his manners. Lizzie looked very similar to how he remembered her. The same perfect dark eyes, the same presence. She was older though. She laughed now when she used to argue. But then being a widow gave her certain freedoms she would never had enjoyed as a single miss. He wondered how she was, how she got along. How she enjoyed living inthe country. He wondered what her children looked like. A tap on his shoulder woke him from his reverie. His sister was smiling at him. "Goodness, I just got free of Mrs. Danescroft, did you ever meet such a person?" Recollecting that the elderly woman who had grabbed his arm and hijacked him for twenty minutes had been Mrs. Danescroft, he nodded briefly to his sister. "Did you see that Mrs Braithwaite is here?" He nodded again. "I did see her. She has been away a long time it seems." Georgiana gave him a speaking glance. He was never sure how much she knew about his feelings for Elizabeth, but she always seemed to mention her to him when she met her at Jane's. It was a ball, however, and the musicians were starting another set. She might dance he thought. She wasn't by the window where he had spied her earlier. He looked up and down the room and found her next to a rather stout woman with three enormous ostrich feathers. Surely that was her mother. Squaring his shoulders, he made his way over to her. Tonight offered dancing and the possibility of a beginning to an acquaintance. He could do that. He had to, to afford himself any chance at all with her. He drew close, bowed, and greeted Mrs. Bennet and her daughter. He asked her to dance, and she accepted with something suspiciously like a smirk. There was a history here that would always give her amusement. He groaned internally. There were some things it seemed that one would never be allowed to forget. Although Mrs. Bennet seemed to be swelling up as he stood there, he smiled at her. Charles was managing with her as a mother-in-law quite well it seemed. He could ask him how he did it. He put out his hand. Lizzie had a sudden feeling of having done this before. But that time, this man had been stern and reticent, nothing like this confident personable man she found herself with now. Placing her hand in his, she looked up into his eyes. His other hand went up to the small of her back. "I believe, that, as a younger man, I had the misfortune to not recognise beauty and quality when it was before me. I am happy that I can rectify that now." Lizzie looked up into his dark eyes. Was he mocking her? His eyes were certainly smiling. She spoke. "I beg your pardon? Are you drawing attention to the fact that you once," – her voice went low, as she attempted to copy his accents –"found me only just tolerable?" "Yes." His bald answer left her giggling slightly and she became aware of his hand through her dress. Lizzie was surprised at the ease of the conversation. He was all friendly solicitude, although with a grave demeanor. Darcy meanwhile was breathing easier. She was the same woman that he had fallen deeply in love with eight years before. Her trials had not diminished her fire. She wasn't the same woman, he realized; she was deeper and warmer. "Would you be interested in visiting Netherfield later this week? You could bring your children to meet Georgiana's, and we could have a picnic perhaps. There is a pony that needs riding…" He was rambling a little and Lizzy's eyes opened wide. There wasn't an easy way to refuse, however, and she wasn't sure she wanted to. "Yes I think that would be delightful," she managed. Internally she was confused. Was he so concerned for his nieces' and nephews' wellbeing that he was finding them playmates? Nonetheless it would be nice for Ben and Sally. And Ben might learn to ride a little. Darcy enjoyed dancing with Elizabeth but he was making plans as furiously as he could. He needed to find Charles and Georgiana as quickly as possible. And explain to them somehow, that he had invited Elizabeth Braithwaite and her children over for a picnic and riding lessons whilst he himself was a guest. God only knew how he would explain it.
Thank to all my readers and Reviewers. I was so overcome by all the feedback. It means so much to me! I will try to keep updating regularly. Hope you enjoy this chapter! Thanks also to MissPseudonymous. Read her story, 'I Fear thy Kisses'. A Second Chance Chapter 4 Ben lay on his stomach at the bank of the little river. He was being a bit naughty, he knew. He wasn't allowed by the water without Mama, so he put it firmly out of his mind with all the self-assurance particular to six-year-olds. The shadows cast by the big oak tree made shapes on the water and the wind coaxed little ripples on the surface. He liked it here. He always enjoyed being with his Grandmama, but she did talk a lot. And Mama and Nurse Higgins were always straightening his clothes or washing his face or sitting him down for a meal or putting him in his best clothes because someone was coming for tea. Aunty Kitty was coming for tea today with her baby girl. Ben liked babies, but baby Tillie always wore lots of frills. Ben wasn't sure how he felt about those. His sister Sally didn't have so many. Frowning, he put a chubby fist under his chin and thought hard. She had a few, he supposed, but Tillie seemed to be surrounded by them, her face just surfacing among them. Ben knew that Uncle Theodore had been a soldier until last year, but he wasn't interesting at all. Last time Ben had asked him about being a soldier, he had described his uniform. His uniform! As if he was interested in that! He wanted to hear about fighting! He didn't want to go to tea with Aunty Kitty, he wanted to stay here by the water. Maybe he would build a tent and sleep here all night. he had brought a toy soldier for company. Although he might miss his Mama when it got dark. Ben pulled some twigs and long grass into a pile and concentrated on making a raft for his soldier. He wove the pieces together and tucked the ends in. His brow was furrowed as he focused intently on what he was doing. He didn't hear a man on a horse stopping a short distance away. Gently, he placed his creation on the water and, reaching out full length, he balanced his soldier on top. It balanced there precariously for a moment but then began to sink. Crying out, he reached for his soldier. He grabbed it, but not before he had slipped on the bank and fell almost gracefully into the wet muddy bank. Scrambling upright, he scrubbed at his muddy knees, and looked up in surprise when he heard someone call him. Mr. Darcy sat on his horse hesitating. He couldn't be scared of a six-year-old, surely? But this wasn't just any six-year-old. He had absolutely decided to go and introduce himself and was debating how to go about this when imminent danger prompted his immediate response. The little boy playing on the bank of the stream looked like he was going to fall in at any moment. Swinging his leg over the back of his horse, he slid down and covered the short distance with long strides. He reached out one long arm but then pulled it back. "Ben! Here now, you might fall in. Do be careful." Ben looked up curiously "I don't know you." It wasn't a question. It was a blunt statement. Darcy hid a smile. He knew where that forthrightness came from. He had borne the brunt of it before. "No you don't, but I know your Mama. And I don't think she would be very pleased with me if I were passing here and having seen you, didn't stop to appraise you of the dangers of playing next to the water. What if you should fall in?" Ben looked up quizzically. What a silly man! "If I should fall in, I would get out directly. But I won't!" "But your mother will be dreadfully upset if something should happen to you. And she will be dreadfully upset with me if I didn't help." Ben considered this carefully for a moment. "Go away," he said, and turned away Darcy thought he should probably take the boy back to the house with him. He was covered in mud and all alone. But maybe he was allowed to be out here by himself. He didn't really know and it wasn't really his business, or his problem. But he couldn't countenance any danger befalling Lizzie's child. "Are you allowed to be here?" Ben looked up. He had to, as the man was very tall. "Go away," he said again. "Please come back to the house with me. I don't want you to fall in." "I won't!" Whether referring to falling in or accompanying him back, Darcy wasn't sure. Ben clutched his soldier as he spoke. Darcy gestured to it. "Is that your soldier?" "Yes it is. At home I have many more of them, but I could only bring a few to Longbourn. Mama didn't want them to get lost whilst we were here." "How many did you bring?" "Only four." "I used to play with soldiers." "Do you still have them?" Darcy wasn't sure. He thought they might have been given away to a tenant family many years before. Equally likely, they might be packaged away in a chest along with his first writing books, covered with blots. "I could write to my housekeeper and find out. Maybe she could send them to you." Ben considered. He did not consider for long. "Yes, please." "Well, come along with me back to the house and you can find me ink and pen." "Yes, Sir." Darcy walked over to his horse, but Ben held back. "Come on, boy." Ben took his time, studying the large beast intently. "It's very large, isn't it?" Darcy looked at the horse, trying to imagine what it might look like from a child's eyes. "He is, isn't he. But he's very friendly. Would you like to ride him with me?" When Darcy had been a boy he had often been in and out of the stables at Pemberley. He wondered at Ben's reticence. Had he not been around horses much? Then he remembered something and swore softly to himself. Harry Brathwaite had lost his life falling off a horse. "We can walk. Actually, I might prefer to walk. On a day like today, I need to stretch my legs." Ben nodded gratefully. "I want to stretch my legs as well." Showing Darcy his soldier he said, "My Papa gave him to me. He's dead now. Who gave you your soldiers?" "My papa gave me mine as well. He's dead too." Ben looked up with interest. "Did he fall off a horse?" "No. He was very illand then he died." Ben thought about this. "Does that make you very sad?" "Sometimes. Not very often now. It was a long time ago." Ben nodded. "Me as well. It doesn't make me sad." Ben's look turned pensive. "I think it makes my Mama sad sometimes." Darcy looked up. He was intrigued at the boy's matter-of-fact way of talking about his father's death. It was refreshing in a a macabre sort of way. But the information about his mother. That wasn't his business. Although he found it fascinating and would have questioned Ben extensively if he had thought it appropriate. They were reaching the wilderness on the side of the lawn now and Mr. Darcy asked Ben where he should tie up his horse. Ben proudly showed him and then approached the front door at a run. Pounding on it, he yelled, "Mama Mama, I met your friend and he said I could have his soldiers if he can write a letter and Mama, his father is dead too!" Lizzie was coming down the stairs wiping her hands, her hair falling out of an untidy knot. Her eyes widened as she saw who her mud-covered son was standing next to, but collecting herself in an instant, she swept down the stairs. "Good Morning, Mr. Darcy. I was not expecting callers today, so please forgive my attire. Please come through." She waved at the morning room. "I will call for some tea." Turning, she faced her firstborn. "Ben, you look as though you have been swimming in mud. Go straight up and find Nurse. If you can change quickly without waking Sally, then you may come and have cake." He started up the stairs. "And don't forget your hands," she whispered after him. "Yes, Mama." She went to find her visiter. "What on earth just happened? Where did you meet Ben?" Explaining haltingly, he started, "I was coming round to invite you to the picnic Next Tuesday, but I noticed Ben by the water. I wasn't sure if you knew, and if it was safe." He came to a stop. "Thank you," she breathed. "He is very naughty about that river. He finds it rather fascinating. I'm always having to collect him from there." Darcy leaned forward in his chair. "I remember doing something similar when I was a boy. One summer we had a complete pulley system rigged up with pails and rope. When my father found us after we had been missing for half a day, he was so impressed with it that he helped us modify it further instead of whipping us." Lizzie smiled. she was just about to ask about the soldiers that Ben had mentioned when the door opened and Mrs Bennet sailed in. Seeing Mr. Darcy, her mouth formed a silent O of surprise… but that was the last time she was silent for the full half an hour that Darcy stayed. She spoke about Jane and her four little girls, how they were all so obliging and sweet. And Georgiana was to stay at Netherfield all Summer too with her two children, that would be nice for her. And she had heard something about a picnic. Yes, of course she would be delighted to come. Darcy looked at Lizzie. Her son was now leaning against her knees, reasonably clean and chewing on a biscuit. He noticed Lizzie seemed to be taking little notice of her mother, and remembered how in the old days she had seemed to cower with embarrassment when her mother used to rattle on. Elizabeth was looking at Darcy out of the corner of her eye. She was extremely aware of her threadbare gown and the hair she had pushed back without a thought earlier that day. What had she been thinking? She should have known he might stop by. Mr. Darcy had actually not noticed her hair or her gown. He thought she looked a little tired. And felt instantly he wanted to help her with whatever it was that was tiring her so. When at length Mr. Darcy stood up, she rose as well. Ben ran up to him and said, "But, Sir, you didn't write the letter." Darcy apologised. "You are absolutely right, Sir. I will do it when I am sitting in my study at Netherfield. I will send it off before the end of the day." Ben looked at him anxiously, "Are you sure?" Darcy got down on a knee to Ben's height. "I surely will, Ben. I'm sorry I didn't do it right away but you saw I was busy talking to your mama and Grandmama. I will do it today, though, and hopefully I will have received an answer by next Tuesday, when I will see you because that day you will be coming to Netherfield for the picnic." Ben nodded and Mr. Darcy left. Mrs Bennet picked up her empty teacup and idly rubbed her hand along the handle. Mr. Darcy had sought out her daughter twice now. This could only mean one thing. She went off to find her husband. Lizzie walked back into the house with Ben trailing her. That was a bit strange, she thought. He could easily have sent a letter over to convey the invitation. But she had been happy to see him, and not only because he had probably saved her son from a watery grave. Turning to Ben, she asked him, "What was that about the soldiers?" Ben placed his chubby paw in her slim fingers and confided, "He asked me about my toy soldier and I told him that Papa had given them to me, and then he told me that his Papa had given some to him as well and that if he still had them he would send for them. I can't see why he wouldn't know, Mama, can you? Why wouldn't he remember something so frightfully important like soldiers?" That was nice of him, thought Lizzie. Did this mean he was interested in her? Or was he just extending some support to a fatherless boy? Tuesday couldn't come soon enough. He certainly was an intriguing man. She wanted to spend more time with him. However, with Ben and her mother around she wasn't sure how that was going to happen.
