A/N: Those that know me well know of my deep love of the works of Jane Austen and Pride and Prejudice in particular and so it might surprise even them that I have attempted my own twist on that beloved story but as I have become addicted to reading some of the fantastic stories written on this site, the thought of being able to write new scenes for some of my favourite characters in literature was too enticing to resist! My story begins as Elizabeth makes her way to Pemberley and her fear that Darcy should discover her there is great. The twist is in how they meet… Disclaimer: All characters belong to Jane Austen I just want to play with them for a while! Elizabeth's feeling of apprehension did not abate as the carriage brought them closer to Pemberley. She had tried on numerous occasions the previous evening to dissuade her relations from visiting the estate but as her aunt had her heart set on going and revisiting pleasant memories from her youth Elizabeth did not have the heart to decline and so she enquired discreetly of one of the maids upon retiring whether the Darcy's were in residence at present. Pleased with the answer she resigned herself to the fact that she would see Pemberley in the morning. Even with the reassurance that Mr Darcy was not at Pemberley, Elizabeth feared he would somehow find out that she had been to the estate and she found she did not want him to think ill of her. She spent the rest of the night trying to make out her feelings towards the master of that great estate, that she was grateful was not in doubt, how could she not be sensible of such a man's interest? She had long since forgiven his arrogant assumption she would accept him as she had been entirely incorrect in her own assumptions of his character, his letter paved the way in enlightening her particularly to the discovery of his generous heart and though his words stung with regard to her family she could not deny that he was correct in all aspects except one. Dearest Jane! To know that her sister still nursed a broken heart and to know now that it was her own family to be its cause was mortifying! However, Elizabeth knew in her heart that Darcy was not privy to Jane's innermost thoughts and feelings as she was and so had to concede, grudgingly, that he must be forgiven for mistaking Jane's serenity of countenance for coldness, Darcy was after all, only seeking to help his friend. It was in this manner that she had eventually drifted off into a fitful sleep. When Elizabeth arose the next morning her head ached, she was desirous of partaking in the fresh morning air and as she was confident her aunt and uncle would not rise for an hour or two, she grabbed her spencer and bonnet and upon leaving word with Sarah of her intentions she very nearly skipped out the door in her enthusiasm for her walk. As she left the village of Lambton behind Elizabeth took in the splendour of the surrounding hills and peaks, never in her life had she seen such beauty and she drank it in glorying in the way the morning dew on the grass sparkled in the sunshine. By the time she returned to the Inn, Elizabeth had decided to enjoy the upcoming excursion and greeted her aunt and uncle with a smile when they said they were ready to depart. So it was with a palpitating heart that Elizabeth took in the sights of the woodland surrounding Pemberley as the carriage wound its way towards the crest of the hill where her aunt informed her she would get her first glimpse of the house itself. Upon seeing the house for the first time Elizabeth's breath caught in her throat. It was beautiful! To think I could have been mistress of it! It was then that Elizabeth felt her first pang of regret. Upon entering the house, they were greeted very cordially by the housekeeper, Mrs Reynolds. She graciously took them around to view the house adding little anecdotes and insights into the family that propriety deemed appropriate. That she was proud to serve Mr Darcy and his sister was clear from her very first sentence and Elizabeth listened in astonishment as she heard her say that Mr Darcy was 'the best landlord and the best master…' To hear such things and from a family servant was praise indeed and Elizabeth was suddenly very eager to hear more. She was very grateful, first to her uncle for drawing out Mrs Reynolds with his easy manners and then to her aunt for guiding her to a set of miniatures and inadvertently informing Mrs Reynolds that Elizabeth knew Mr Darcy. Mrs Reynolds impressed that the young miss knew the master, proceeded to tell Elizabeth that there was a finer, larger portrait of the master in the gallery upstairs and it was in front of the said portrait while contemplating the enigmatic smile on Mr Darcy's face that Elizabeth felt her second pang of regret. Why had she never interpreted that smile with its true intent before? For, she was often the recipient of that smile in the past, most particularly in their last 'sparring match' as she played the pianoforte for Colonel Fitzwilliam and himself at Rosings. Lizzy was not certain how long she stood in contemplation of the portrait before her but she was roused by her uncle's outspoken desire to view the grounds. Smiling, Mrs Reynolds informed them that the head gardener would be pleased to take them round as she left them at the door. Following in the head gardener's wake, Lizzy grew quiet as she thought of all she had learned about Mr Darcy that day. It was astonishing to her to learn how much loved Mr Darcy was by his servants, that he was not a happy man had been her firmest opinion and now it seemed that opinion must be revised as well. If she could make such a basic error in judgement what did that mean for her own character flaws? Did she even know herself? It was almost frightening to think that she did not. She was so deep in thought she hardly paid any heed to the head gardener's enthusiastic rendition of the flowers and shrubs that had been planted in Mrs Darcy's time. Lizzy was once again grateful for her aunt's willingness to carry on a polite conversation by asking question after question of the older man, Lizzy's mind was too full to ask anything of him. Entering into yet another walled garden, Lizzy spied a break in the shrubbery and on looking a little closer she made out what she thought was a small meadow. Curiosity getting the better of her, she looked around to see her aunt and uncle occupied by a small fish pond and knowing she would hardly be missed, Lizzy slipped through the shrubbery and out into the meadow. Here was a chance to think clearly for the first time that day and Elizabeth gladly availed of the opportunity. Spinning around in delight at the vast open space, Elizabeth breathed in the fresh scent of lavender. To Elizabeth, it was heaven on earth and for a moment she lay down among the lavender and gazed up at the sky. She must have dozed off for the next sound she became aware of was that of an approaching horse. In fright, Elizabeth jumped to her feet, startling the horse and in so doing dislodged the unsuspecting rider from his seat. It was only as the gentleman's hat fell from his head that Elizabeth recognised him with a jolt. Mr Darcy! It was also then that Lizzy realised to her horror that Mr Darcy had not opened his eyes since his fall. Lizzy tried calling out to him but having failed to get his attention she knelt down beside him and gave his shoulder a gentle push. Still there was no rousing him and as the seconds ticked by, Lizzy grew more and more alarmed. What was she to do if he would not wake?! As her panic rose, Lizzy noticed a drop of blood on a nearby stone and gasped. Oh no! Lizzy recognised the significance immediately and placed her hands on either side of Mr Darcy's head gently probing for the wound she knew to be there. When she felt something warm and fluid she withdrew her hands. Her eyes widened in shock as they took in the blood that covered her hands. With tears threatening to fall, Lizzy felt blindly in her reticule for her handkerchief to stem the flow until she could get help. Unwilling to leave Mr Darcy alone and unconscious, Lizzy first caught the reins of Mr Darcy's horse and loosely tied them to the nearest tree allowing the animal to graze. With the horse secure Lizzy could now attend to Mr Darcy. She knew that someone must come soon if Mr Darcy did not return to the stables before long. Lizzy could not help but feel uneasy – Did not Mrs Reynolds say that Mr Darcy was not expected until tomorrow?! There was nothing to be done but to stay with Mr Darcy until someone did come. Oh please someone come soon! Elizabeth, by now, had decided to make Mr Darcy more comfortable but to do so would mean she would have to break convention, after a moment's thought she shrugged her shoulders - It is too late to be thinking of propriety now, we are already alone and besides I cannot leave him lying in a pool of his own blood, can I?! Having made up her mind, Elizabeth proceeded to kneel down and place Mr Darcy's head in her lap to comfort him. She could not help the blush that rose in her cheek as she did so. Forgive me, Mr Darcy. Lizzy was not sure how long she sat there silently praying that help would arrive soon. Her prayers were answered in the form of a stable boy sent out in search of the master. Lizzy called out to him as he drew near. "Oh, what is your name, pray? Will you please inform Mrs Reynolds that Mr Darcy is in need of a doctor urgently, he has fallen from his horse and he is unconscious?" The boy, James, nodded his consent his eyes widening as they took in his master's current state. When the boy had gone, Lizzy breathed a sigh of relief and gently brushed a loose curl from Mr Darcy's forehead as she whispered to him, "Help shall soon be here, Mr Darcy. Have no fear, all will be well."
The stable boy had not gone a few minutes before Elizabeth was aware of her aunt and uncle's fast approach. Concern was etched on both their faces for the fallen man and their niece who, they were certain, would be shaken by the unhappy accident despite her calm exterior. Their concern deepened when Elizabeth did not look up immediately upon their approach. Instead, she continued to soothe the young man with whispered words of comfort. When she did lift her head to greet them there were silent tears flowing down her face, her expression hopeless. In an effort to lighten the mood a little Mrs Gardiner said jovially, "This is the master of the house, then? Not quite how he would have liked to have greeted us for the first time, I daresay!" Elizabeth, upon hearing her aunt's sympathy hidden within the words she spoke, lost the last of her reserve and exclaimed, "Oh aunt! It is my fault, my fault entirely! If I had acted with propriety, as I should, this would not have happened!" Mrs Gardiner alarmed with Elizabeth's sense of despair, tried to placate her niece, "My dear girl, I'm sure you did no such thing and as you can see help is on its way," said she as she gestured towards the party approaching them at speed. "Oh thank heavens! Mr Darcy is over here. Please do be gentle with him." Elizabeth was reluctant to relinquish Mr Darcy to the doctor's care but he reassured her he would do everything in his power to make Mr Darcy comfortable. As the doctor directed the men who came with him to lift Mr Darcy onto the makeshift stretcher and turned to leave, the doctor spoke to Elizabeth once again, "You did very well, miss, in stopping the flow of blood. It is a nasty wound, I won't lie, I'm sure if he had lost any more blood we would be having a different conversation but I am not certain he will wake for a few hours, maybe not for days. However, you have saved his life, be assured of that." Elizabeth could do nothing but stand still as the doctor's words washed over her for she was certain if she tried to move she would faint. Mr Darcy might not wake for days? Oh this is everything horrible! Elizabeth was so lost in her thoughts she did not feel her uncle gently take her elbow and steer her towards the house. Mr Gardiner though worried for Mr Darcy; his first thought was for his niece. "All will be well, my dear. Mr Darcy shall recover and he has much to thank you for, if you had not been there who knows what might have become of him." Lizzy stared at her uncle askance. He was right, of course but Mr Darcy would not thank her for what has befallen him, indeed, he would have every right to think ill of her now. Lizzy, in that moment made a decision, one that may appear rash but she felt it was only right; she would stay and nurse Mr Darcy. Mrs Gardiner upon hearing of Lizzy's plan gasped aloud and tried to impress upon Lizzy the impropriety of such a decision but Lizzy was headstrong, she would stay and she would hear no more against the plan. "It is my fault and the remedy must be mine. I shall not be able to rest until I know Mr Darcy has recovered, aunt. Please allow me to do this." Mrs Gardiner made to protest one more time but on seeing the determined look on her niece's face admitted defeat. Her niece would stay. After convincing her relations to allow her to stay, Elizabeth needed to speak with Mrs Reynolds, who might disapprove of the plan but she was the one, in Darcy's stead, who would give her the final permission to stay. So, with a little more than nervousness, Elizabeth followed Mrs Reynolds into the house. She enquired of the footman as to where Mrs Reynolds might be found as it had been a few minutes since Mr Darcy was brought back. Elizabeth silently berated herself, as she made her way upstairs, for allowing her worry over Mr Darcy to deter her from following Mrs Reynolds immediately as it would have lessened the awkwardness of her application now. As she made her way down the ornate hallway Elizabeth could hear a voice coming from one of the rooms with its door slightly ajar, deducing that it might be Mrs Reynolds, Elizabeth stopped for a moment to collect her thoughts before announcing herself. It was while she was stood outside the room that Elizabeth witnessed Mrs Reynolds scolding an unconscious Mr Darcy as if he were an errant schoolboy while she busied herself with fluffing his pillows and tightened the blankets around him, almost as a mother would. "Oh my dear boy, what have you done to yourself? 'Tis just like old times when you used to get yourself into awful scrapes with that young Wickham boy, how many times had I saved you from a scolding from your father?! You've given us all quite the shock, you know. Indeed, there is a young lady who is very concerned for you. She is a lovely, genteel sort of girl. What were you doing giving a young lady a scare such as that? The doctor has stitched you up good and proper and tells me you may not wake for quite some time. You wake up soon now, do you hear?" Lizzy could barely contain the mirth that threatened to overflow at witnessing such a scene but she also felt the affection buried within the scolding and found it very touching. Gently knocking on the door so as not to frighten Mrs Reynolds, Lizzy stood back to await an answer hoping it would not look like she was eavesdropping. Mrs Reynolds had popped her head 'round the door to scold whoever dared disturb Mr Darcy but when she saw Miss Bennet she did something that shocked them both; she embraced Lizzy tightly. "Oh Miss Bennet I cannot thank you enough for what you did for the master! If you had not been there…" Lizzy, though shocked at Mrs Reynolds' break in composure, attempted to comfort the older woman, "Do not distress yourself, Mrs Reynolds. I did as anyone would do in my predicament. The doctor has assured me Mr Darcy will be fine but I've come to inquire, you know Mr Darcy well, if you feel the doctor is correct and whether I can be of assistance to you? Indeed, I wondered if you would allow me to care for Mr Darcy as it is my fault he is hurt." The housekeeper studied the young miss in front of her for a moment. She discerned a lot more than concern for the master from the girl though she tried desperately to hide her feelings. She would not be as stubborn about caring for Mr Darcy if her feelings were not engaged. How strong those feelings were, she could not tell, she would watch the girl closely in the coming hours. Time would tell. Mrs Reynolds could see Miss Bennet was beginning to fidget under her scrutiny and took pity on the poor girl. "It would not be proper that you stay, Miss Bennet however," said she before Elizabeth could protest, "as Miss Darcy will return tomorrow and I shall be with you and the master tonight, I do not see there will be any complication that would arise from such an arrangement and I would be glad of your help. We are a reduced staff with Mr Darcy and his sister being away for the summer, the rest of the household will arrive tomorrow as planned." Elizabeth heard the slight warning in Mrs Reynolds' words and despite the implication she let out a sigh of relief and assured Mrs Reynolds she would be no trouble and that all she required was a comfortable chair, a fire and of course, water and a cloth in case she needed to bathe Mr Darcy's wound. "If you would be so kind, Mrs Reynolds, as to inform my aunt and uncle that I will go downstairs to see them off in a moment? I wish to see Mr Darcy now, if that will be alright?" The housekeeper smiled warmly at her and replied, "Of course, Miss Bennet. I shall leave the door ajar. I will be back in a while." Elizabeth reciprocated the smile having warmed to Mrs Reynolds already. "I thank you, Mrs Reynolds, you are very kind." With that said, Elizabeth turned to go into Mr Darcy's room. The first thing that caught Elizabeth's eye as she walked further into the room was the sight of Mr Darcy in the bed. He is so still. Elizabeth could not recall Mr Darcy being so totally still. Even when he was observing a room full of people he was in constant motion, never staying still for very long. He is so pale too. Oh what have I done?! Elizabeth, as she came up to the bed, looked down at Mr Darcy with an a sad smile on her face, gently took his hand in hers and spoke quietly to him, "I did not want to come here at first, I was too ashamed of my behaviour to you in April. What must you think of me? I have hurt you in more ways than one but I am here now, Mr Darcy. I shall make you well again." When Elizabeth turned to go to take leave of her aunt and uncle she did not take notice of the slight twitch on Mr Darcy's forehead as she spoke the last of her words. She could not help but take one last glance across the room as she closed the door, Mr Darcy was bathed in candlelight and yet he was so still, Elizabeth shivered despite herself, the room had the feel of a sickroom already. A/N: Thank you all so very much for your kind words of encouragement and enthusiasm for this story! I'm overwhelmed by the response so far and I can't tell you how happy it made me to know that you are enjoying it as much as I enjoy writing it! Those of you who are wondering when Darcy will wake, it will happen soon I promise just bear with me, Lizzy needs to be sure of her feelings first.
After saying goodbye to her aunt and uncle, Elizabeth took a moment to gather her thoughts before going back into the house. Pemberley. She was here and only a few hours ago she was fretting about what Mr Darcy would think if he saw her there. What a difference a few hours can make! Now I'm ready to nurse him. Elizabeth could not help but smile to herself. If Mama could see me now! What flutterings and spasms she would be having! Having calmed her nerves a little, for nervous she was, Elizabeth entered the house once more. Mrs Reynolds met Elizabeth at the foot of the stairs and in a kindly manner asked her if she wished to take tea now. "I would gladly, Mrs Reynolds, but would you be so kind as to bring a tray above stairs to Mr Darcy's sitting room? I do not wish to leave Mr Darcy alone for very long. He is so very ill." Mrs Reynolds was impressed with the young miss' constancy but as she observed her more closely she saw emotions on the girl's face which vexed her. She is a curious one! One moment she is determined to flout propriety, the next she is blushing at asking for tea to be placed in the room next to the master's. Curious, indeed! "Very good, Miss Bennet I shall have a tray sent up at once. Is there anything else that you require? You need only ask, you know." Elizabeth smiled at the housekeeper's kind words and replied, "I do know, thank you Mrs Reynolds. I shall go up now." The housekeeper watched Miss Bennet ascend the staircase with a sad shake of her head. If she was not careful the young lady would find herself taken ill before too long and Mrs Reynolds would have two sickrooms under her care! Still, she admired the young lady for her care of the master. What could she mean by "Mr Darcy is so very ill" though? Did not the doctor say he would wake in a matter of hours or at worse days? I shall have to put the question to Miss Bennet as to what she could mean by such a statement. So many questions have been raised by this afternoon's events and not all of them have answers – yet! I shall endeavour to seek them out as soon as the tray is ready to be brought up. Having made up her mind on the subject, Mrs Reynolds went off in search of the cook, Edith to inform her that a tray was required upstairs and would she be so kind as to add a few treats to tempt Miss Bennet to eat something. Mrs Reynolds would take the tray up to Miss Bennet herself. Elizabeth walked along the corridor leading to Mr Darcy's room in a daze, her thoughts were miles away. There was so much to do, she must tell Mrs Reynolds to be sure and send a message for Colonel Fitzwilliam, for she was afraid of alarming Miss Darcy, to be read when next they were to change horses to inform him of Mr Darcy's current condition before they arrived at Pemberley in the morning, if they were quick they would catch the last post. At this thought Lizzy shook her head smiling – of course I forgot, an express can be sent, Mr Darcy would not even notice the expense! Lizzy's next thought tempered her mirth – how shall I ever explain all of this to Papa?! He will not understand - he is still under the impression that I dislike Mr Darcy. Oh why had I not curbed my tongue more?! If I had, none of this would be as embarrassing as it is now! Lizzy sighed as she came to a stop in front of Mr Darcy's room. There is nothing that can be done about it now, I shall write to Papa and meet the challenges, if there is to be any, when they come. With that in mind Lizzy stepped, once again, into Mr Darcy's room. The room was still in darkness; the only illumination came from the candles that were placed on the table by Mr Darcy's bed. Elizabeth looked about the room and noticed for the first time that a fire had not been lit. She supposed that in the furore that surrounded the accident; this detail had been overlooked. Elizabeth crossed the room to the fireplace and set about preparing the fire. Lizzy had seen her maid, Sarah light it on many occasions over the years as she was an early riser and was often up and about before the maid had started her duties. Pleased with her work, Lizzy stood back and watched the fire alight before she looked across at Mr Darcy once more. She frowned with worry; he was so very pale! Instinctively Lizzy went to him and placed her hand on his forehead. He was very warm to the touch. She dipped a cloth in the water basin and squeezed the excess out before gently placing it on Mr Darcy's forehead. Elizabeth couldn't help but notice that Mr Darcy looked so different than when he was awake; gone was the intense look that creased his forehead and what was left was; Lizzy had to admit though she would never say this aloud to anyone not even Jane, a very handsome man. Why did he always look so severe in Hertfordshire? If he had just softened his looks a little I might have taken notice sooner. It was then that Elizabeth remembered the evening before that dreadful proposal when they were at Rosings and she was playing the pianoforte. His looks had softened then. Oh I may have taken notice I just did not want to see it. My dislike of him was deeply rooted and I took too much enjoyment out of our war with words that I did not realise the considerable attention he was paying me. Lost in her thoughts, Elizabeth did not realise she had taken hold of Mr Darcy's hand. It was in this attitude that Mrs Reynolds found her as she bustled her way into the room. "Here you are, Miss Bennet. A nice cup of tea and can I tempt you to eat something? You have not eaten in quite some time, I'm sure. You must be very hungry." Elizabeth was startled and quickly moved from Mr Darcy's side. "Thank you, Mrs Reynolds. Won't you take tea with me? I'm glad you are here. I wonder if I might have some writing materials? I would like to send an express to Colonel Fitzwilliam telling him of Mr Darcy's accident. I would not wish for him to arrive tomorrow with Miss Darcy and find out about it then. I also wish to inform my father of the accident and my present whereabouts." Mrs Reynolds had seen Miss Bennet holding the master's hand but wisely chose not to comment replied, "I have already sent an express to Colonel Fitzwilliam, Miss Bennet but of course you are welcome to send a letter to your father. Now I know you said you wanted to take tea in the next room but would you not be more comfortable in here?" Mrs Reynolds watched as Miss Bennet glanced once again at Mr Darcy before she nodded her head in agreement. Mrs Reynolds smiled; perhaps she would get some answers before the night was through. Elizabeth grew worried when Mrs Reynolds told her that she had already sent the express. She fervently hoped the housekeeper thought to mention her presence at Pemberley for she did relish the inevitable teasing that would arise when Colonel Fitzwilliam learned that Elizabeth had caused the accident. With prior knowledge perhaps the colonel would be kind and not tease so much! She gave up the hope that all his teasing would cease. The colonel seemed to enjoy making his cousin blush and now Elizabeth felt she would not be equal to it either! Her courage which so often saved her in situations such as this seemed to have deserted her presently. The two women sat in companionable silence while taking their tea. Each lost in their own thoughts. Elizabeth sat staring into the fire barely noticing as the flames turned into glowing embers. She was going over her acquaintance with Mr Darcy in her head. She could not think of a moment when she behaved cordially to Mr Darcy. Oh she knew she was always ladylike in her manner towards him but she also knew that almost every word she spoke to him, from the time they had met at the assembly ball to their last meeting in Hunsford, was designed to cut him in some way even if he was unaware of their meaning. Mrs Reynolds watched in silence as the varying emotions flitted across the young lady's face. That she was confused about her feelings was not in doubt and to help her release some of the emotion thought some conversation was in order. The housekeeper began by asking how the young lady and Mr Darcy became acquainted. Elizabeth was glad of the interruption and complied. She smiled as she spoke of their first meeting and was pleased when Mrs Reynolds shook her head in exasperation and gasped, "Oh that boy!," when she told her how Mr Darcy observed that she was tolerable but not handsome to tempt him. Elizabeth, though she had not known Mrs Reynolds very long, felt comfortable enough in the housekeeper's company to let her know of Mr Darcy's actions while he was in Hertfordshire and how they affected Lizzy. She had flouted convention enough already to be less concerned about what should be said in front of servants now. It was late when Lizzy finished her tale leaving out the disastrous proposal of course. "Thank you, Mrs Reynolds for listening to my rambling. It seems I was in need of some perspective, shall we say?" The housekeeper rose from her chair and smoothed down her dress before replying, "You are very welcome, Miss Bennet. It was a pleasure to hear of the master's new acquaintances. Do you know that as a child he used to come down into the kitchen at night and beg for a glass of milk? But really I think it was for the company. His father withdrew into himself when Lady Anne died and Miss Georgiana was so terribly young; the young master was left to his own devices a lot of the time. Young Master Wickham was around but at night I believe he became rather lonely and would regale me of all that had happened during his day especially his adventures! He really was the sweetest boy." The housekeeper gathered up the tray and moved towards the door before she turned around and asked, "Miss Bennet, if you do not mind my asking what did you mean before when you said that the master was very ill? The doctor has said that everything is alright." Elizabeth frowned she had no wish to upset Mrs Reynolds especially when she had been so kind but she felt she should have the truth. At least the truth as Elizabeth saw it; perhaps she was wrong to have doubts. "I do not wish to cause alarm, Mrs Reynolds but I believe the doctor was trying to spare our feelings by saying that all will be well. I believe we will not know for certain if Mr Darcy is well until he has awoken. I have heard of some cases where a blow to the head such as Mr Darcy has suffered can cause some damage to the brain. It is when he awakens that we will know the full extent of the damage, if indeed there is any. I am sorry, Mrs Reynolds." Elizabeth had turned away and was now placing another damp cloth on Mr Darcy's forehead so she did not see the look of shock on Mrs Reynolds' face. The housekeeper had left the room and closed the door behind her without Elizabeth even noticing. Mrs Reynolds leaned against the doorframe and valiantly tried to stem the flow of tears that now threatened to fall. One or two escaped before she quickly wiped them away. Oh my boy! My dear, dear boy. What shall become of you? Later that night when she could see that Mrs Reynolds was sleeping by the fire Elizabeth moved a little closer to Mr Darcy's bed. Satisfied upon inspection that she did not need to change the bandage around the wound, Elizabeth took his hand in hers and began talking to him softly. "I have so much to say to you Mr Darcy that I do not where to begin. There are numerous apologies I must make to you and if I do not say it now I fear I shall not have the courage to do so again. There were many occasions when I must have unknowingly caused you pain and for that I'm truly sorry. At the Netherfield ball, I most certainly meant to cause a reaction from you when I mentioned Mr Wickham. For you see, I knew that you were not on the best of terms with that gentleman and I wanted to hear your side of the situation. I now know why you wished me not to 'sketch your character' then; you were still hurting over what happened in Ramsgate. I am heartily ashamed of my conduct then for I had such a bad opinion of you that I refused to see reason when Jane and even Charlotte told me that you must have some good qualities if an amiable man such as Mr Bingley was your friend. In Hunsford before you came to see me that evening, I had met with Colonel Fitzwilliam on a walk through Rosings Park and he informed me, though he did not know I was Jane's sister, of your involvement in separating Mr Bingley and my sister. I was angry, Mr Darcy and I let my anger colour my response to you. You should know that I was not insensible of the great compliment you paid me even as my anger took hold. But I must tell you Mr Darcy that you are an infuriating man! How could you act so coldly towards me one moment and the next tell me that you liked me against your will? But now I am beginning to understand you a little better, you are a man of deep feeling and do not wish to show the world all that you are thinking. You are a good man and I shall endeavour to find ways of making you smile more when you awake." On impulse Lizzy lifted Mr Darcy's hand to her lips and brushed the lightest of kisses against it. By the fireside Mrs Reynolds closed her eyes once more and smiled. She had heard everything the young lady said and even if she had not said the words Mrs Reynolds felt that she was a fair way into falling in love with the master. A few more days should do the trick! A/N: Happy New Year everyone! I hope you all enjoyed the celebrations. Just a word to say thank you very much for your kind reviews, favourites and follows. Your encouragement has made me smile even more over Christmas! For those of you wondering, the next chapter shall bring Miss Georgiana back to Pemberley and Lizzy will have a lot of explaining to do if Miss Bingley has anything to do with it. I also hope you don't mind that I've added Colonel Fitzwilliam to the list of visitors! He was the logical choice to have with Miss Darcy when she found out about her brother – he is one of her guardians after all.
Chapter 4 Elizabeth awoke early the next morning to find she had drifted off to sleep by Mr Darcy's bed still holding his hand. Lizzy gave a quick glance over to the fireside where she knew Mrs Reynolds had stayed the night and on seeing the housekeeper was sleeping soundly; she breathed a sigh of relief. To be seen holding Mr Darcy's hand without an understanding between them would have caused untold trouble and no doubt a vigorous questioning from a keen observer such as Mrs Reynolds! She blushed to think of what might have happened had a maid come into the room whilst they were sleeping; Lizzy might have forbore the inevitable gossip but she had no wish to expose Mr Darcy to censure; he did not deserve such a thing. Now in daylight the room was just as elegant as she imagined though not excessively so which strangely pleased Lizzy. She could see that Lady Anne Darcy had a very different taste for what was fashionable than her sister, Lady Catherine. This made Lizzy smile; to think she had once thought that Mr Darcy and his aunt had anything in common! No, it seemed Mr Darcy remained true to his mother's tastes and kept the style of the room simple yet elegant. Glancing around the room Lizzy spied French doors which opened out onto a balcony. The muscles in her neck ached from the awkward position in which she slept and so she was glad to open up the doors and let the sun's rays bathe the room with light; the fresh air that washed over her felt heaven sent. She had been indoors too long. It was while Elizabeth was enjoying her new found freedom that she heard the unmistakeable sounds of a carriage making its way towards the house. Understanding its meaning and with no uncommon feelings Elizabeth stepped back into the room lest she be seen. Knowing that Mrs Reynolds would be disappointed if she were not there to greet Miss Darcy and her guests, Elizabeth went over to where the housekeeper was sleeping and gently shook her awake. "Mrs Reynolds, I am sorry to have to wake you but I believe Miss Darcy has arrived with her guests and I thought you would wish to greet them." After a moment's confusion Mrs Reynolds smiled at Elizabeth in thanks. "You are thoughtful. Thank you, Miss Bennet. I shall go down directly. Perhaps you would like to wash before you greet the guests yourself. Shall I send Rose up to help you dress? I'm sure we can find a dress of Miss Georgiana's that will suit you." Elizabeth gazed down at her wrinkled dress and smiled ruefully. I am not fit to be seen! But at least I have not been "Six inches deep in mud…" this time! "You are quite right, Mrs Reynolds, I thank you! I would be very grateful." Mrs Reynolds nodded in affirmation before leaving Elizabeth to her tumultuous feelings. Elizabeth was not given to acting 'Missish' and soon dismissed any uncomfortable feelings in favour of her usual happy disposition. But despite Lizzy's best efforts her heart went into palpitations of its own accord when she heard voices approaching Mr Darcy's room a little while later. "Where is he? Where is my brother?!" With all the forcefulness of a whirlwind; Georgiana Darcy made her presence known; her exasperated cousin close behind reassuring her that Darcy would be well. In her worry Miss Darcy did not notice Elizabeth, who had stood back on her entrance to allow her to visit her brother without interruption. Colonel Fitzwilliam had noticed however and much to Lizzy's chagrin began his teasing in earnest. "My dear Miss Bennet, how lovely it is to see you again and so very soon too. Am I to understand that we have you to thank for such diligent care of my fractious cousin? Will we Fitzwilliam's and Darcy's always have the pleasure of meeting you in the most obscure places, I wonder?" Elizabeth was rendered speechless for a moment before her courage rose and she responded to the colonel in kind. "I will say this colonel; if you were to meet me in an 'obscure' place as you call it; though the grounds of Pemberley or Rosings are hardly obscure, I cannot guarantee that you might not meet the same fate as your cousin. For you see, I seem to have the most curious effect on you Fitzwilliam and Darcy men." Elizabeth arched her brow and looked the colonel in the eye daring him to answer her. He, however, seemed to realise when a battle was lost and remembering his cousin and Miss Bennet had been introduced proceeded to do so in lieu of an answer. Elizabeth smiled at his obvious avoidance and nodded before turning back to make Miss Darcy's acquaintance; both of them knowing that the battle lines had been drawn and each of them in their turn was looking forward to renewing the battle at their earliest convenience. "I'm so pleased to meet you, Miss Darcy. I've heard so much about you." Elizabeth's immediate impression on encountering Mr Darcy's sister was not at all what she expected. Here was a girl who was extremely shy and not, as she'd long suspected, extremely proud. Knowing Mr Darcy as she now did, she recognised similarities of disposition in his sibling and understood that Miss Darcy needed to feel comfortable before she opened up. Lizzy remembered that Mr Darcy often praised his sister's performance on the pianoforte and in an effort to introduce a subject she would be comfortable with Lizzy asked Miss Darcy if she would play for them after dinner. She was rewarded by the sudden brightness shining in Miss Darcy's eyes. The young girl said she would be pleased to as long as Miss Bennet would return the favour for her brother had told her he had rarely heard anything that gave him more pleasure. Elizabeth blushed at the compliment. She now expected to questioned thoroughly as to why she was at Pemberley but neither of the cousins, though Colonel Fitzwilliam smiled knowingly, breathed a word; much to Lizzy's relief. She was not ready to openly admit that she and Mr Darcy were more than passing acquaintances. Not until she was certain of Mr Darcy's feelings. Little did she know that with her every action since she came to Pemberley she was betraying her own feelings. Colonel Fitzwilliam suspected enough she knew but mercifully he did not voice those suspicions. To deflect such unwanted attention Lizzy now turned towards Mr Darcy and told Miss Darcy and her cousin everything she knew about Mr Darcy's condition reassuring Miss Darcy that her brother was expected to wake up very soon. Georgiana now voiced what she didn't have the courage to do on first being introduced to Elizabeth, "Miss Bennet, I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart. I am relieved to find my brother is not more severely injured. You cannot know what I was imagining in my terror! You have made him comfortable and for that I'm very grateful." For the second time in as many minutes Lizzy felt embarrassed. She replied with no less feeling, "You have nothing to thank me for Miss Darcy. It was the least I could do after being the cause of Mr Darcy's accident." The two women smiled at each other in understanding; a new friendship had been forged. Colonel Fitzwilliam now recollected that Georgiana had other guests she must attend to and gave her a gentle reminder. Georgiana blushed at her thoughtlessness and thanked him before turning to Elizabeth and told her who her guests were; knowing that she had a prior acquaintance with the Bingley family from her brother. If Colonel Fitzwilliam was startled to learn that Miss Bennet knew Bingley as well as she did he never let on but he did recall with a cringe their last conversation about Bingley. She must have known to whom I was referring when I mentioned that Darcy had separated Bingley from an unsuitable girl. Oh cousin, if what I suspect transpired at Rosings you'd have every right to have me shot! Elizabeth inwardly cringed upon learning that Miss Bingley had accompanied her brother. She knew Miss Bingley would relish the chance to ridicule her in front of Miss Darcy and on finding her already at Pemberley Lizzy knew that her attack would be particularly vicious borne as it was out of jealousy. But she was delighted at the prospect of seeing Mr Bingley again. This was her chance to see whether he still had feelings for Jane. A little while later Elizabeth, having dressed for dinner in one of Miss Darcy's borrowed dresses, was reluctant to go down and face the inevitable vitriol that Miss Bingley would send her way. She was making her way along the second floor corridor when she heard music coming from one of the rooms. Upon investigating she found as she peered into the room Miss Darcy seated at a pianoforte. She was playing a piece Elizabeth knew well but had never heard it played with such feeling before. Transfixed, Elizabeth stood in the doorway until the last note was played fearing if she made her presence known Miss Darcy would cease playing. When Miss Darcy looked up Elizabeth saw there were tears in her eyes. "Forgive me, Miss Darcy for intruding on your solitude but I could not resist; you played that song so beautifully." Elizabeth smiled at the younger girl to encourage her to speak. "Thank you, Miss Bennet. This is a new pianoforte. My brother must have wanted to surprise me. I don't deserve it!" It was with those last words that Georgiana put her hands up to her face and promptly burst into tears. Quickly, Elizabeth moved across the room to comfort the poor girl knowing that she was worried for her brother. "Of course you deserve it, Miss Darcy. Your brother thinks you do and as you know your brother is never wrong. Your brother loves you very much, Miss Darcy. Come now, shall we go down and brave Miss Bingley's kind attentions together?" Elizabeth's heart lifted when she heard Miss Darcy's answering laughter. She was pleased to see the girl's spirits were returning. When Elizabeth and Georgiana entered the drawing room Miss Bingley eyes narrowed at the obvious friendship that seemed to have arisen between the two girls. In an effort to bring attention back to the fact that this 'impromptu' visit of Eliza Bennet was entirely improper she began by asking her if the militia were still quartered at Meryton. Knowing that this subject was dangerous ground Elizabeth soon deflected it with ease by asking Colonel Fitzwilliam in turn when he was to return to his regiment. "Why Miss Bennet, are you anxious to be rid of me so soon?" Elizabeth laughed and replied, "Oh that will depend on whether your conversation is as entertaining as it was when I met you in Kent, Colonel." Miss Bingley incensed that Miss Bennet had avoided her question so easily tried another avenue. "Pray, Miss Eliza how are you bearing the loss of the militia? I am certain that one gentleman's loss would cause particular pangs. Mr Bingley saw that Elizabeth was uncomfortable with his sister's questioning and rescued her by saying, "I'm sure Miss Bennet does not know to whom you refer, my dear sister. If I recall there was no partiality on Miss Elizabeth's side for any in that militia. Am I not correct, Miss Bennet?" Elizabeth could not help but smile at yet another of Miss Bingley's attempts to embarrass her going awry. "You are quite correct, Mr Bingley. It was my sisters Kitty and Lydia who were partial to a red coat or two." Signalling the end of the conversation Elizabeth moved to the pianoforte. Shall we have some music? Miss Darcy, will you play for us?" Miss Bingley was left to fume over Elizabeth's evasion once again. At the end of the evening Elizabeth was glad when she went up to her room and closed the door. What an exhausting day! Miss Bingley is as insufferable as ever. Thank heavens for her brother's manners or I would not have been responsible for what I said in retaliation! Before she retired for the night Elizabeth felt compelled to see Mr Darcy. She had relinquished his care to his sister but she would not be easy until she had seen him for herself. Knocking softly on Mr Darcy's door and on hearing Miss Darcy permission to enter from within Elizabeth stepped into the room. "I beg your pardon, Miss Darcy. I was just about to retire for the night but I wanted to see if Mr Darcy was comfortable. I hope you do not mind." Georgiana smiled in welcome and said in reply, "Not at all, Miss Bennet. Do come in. As a matter of fact, I was just about to go and ask Mrs Reynolds for a cup of tea. Shall I fetch you one?" Elizabeth thanked her and said she would sit with Mr Darcy until she returned. Elizabeth had taken hold of Mr Darcy's hand as was her want in the last few hours. She was talking to him about the evening and how Miss Darcy was worried for him. "You must wake up soon Mr Darcy. Your sister is in need of you. I am in need of you. I have so much I want to tell you and it may surprise you; my change of heart. Oh if you only knew how much it has changed Mr Darcy!" Elizabeth gasped in astonishment when she felt the slightest movement from Mr Darcy and not least when he spoke. "Elizabeth? Can I be dreaming? Is it really you?" Elizabeth was surprised to find that there were tears in her eyes and as they began to make their way down her cheek Mr Darcy lifted his hand to her face to wipe them away. "Yes Mr Darcy, it is Elizabeth. I am here and I can't tell you how delighted I am to see you awake. It does my heart good." A/N: Aaaand there you have it, Darcy is (finally) awake! Thank you once again for your lovely comments! I'm so thrilled you are all enjoying the story. Until next time…enjoy!
Elizabeth's words hung in the air between them for what seemed like an eternity until it was Elizabeth herself who looked away with a blush. Now that Mr Darcy was awake Elizabeth felt all the impropriety of being in his bedchamber. She could feel her blush deepen as she thought of what he must be thinking of her. This is exactly the conduct that persuaded Mr Darcy I would not have made a suitable wife in the first instance! How do I leave without hurting his feelings? For his part, Mr Darcy was still reeling at finding the one person in the entire world he wished to have at Pemberley in the same room with him. Elizabeth was here! He sent up a silent prayer in thanks for this wondrous turn of events. This is my second chance! A chance to change her mind for the better and I must not waste this gift! Darcy could see a myriad of thoughts and emotions flit across Elizabeth's face in a matter of seconds and knew instantly what it meant. In a vain effort to prevent her from leaving he reached out a hand to still her. "Stay a moment, please?" He hated the pleading note in his voice but he was desperate. If she left now he felt he would not get another chance to soften her feelings toward him. In his urgency he did the one thing that frightened her beyond anything. He reminded her of his feelings and as her growing feelings were still raw she wanted nothing more than to run from them. She was overwhelmed by the strength of feeling she experienced when she saw Darcy open his eyes. Her relief was tangible; she could almost taste it! She was also afraid she would crumble under the weight of her feelings and the look in Darcy's eyes made her shiver. She couldn't breathe in that moment. She needed to leave to compose herself. Darcy saw this with sadness and with a nod of acknowledgement he let her flee from the room. He had no wish to force her to admit her change of heart when she was not ready; as much as it saddened him. If fate was good to him he may yet have time to bring out the feelings he had just heard her utter though she did not know he was listening. She was here. That was enough for now. Elizabeth leant against the doorframe outside Mr Darcy's room and let out a shuddering breath. She was so relieved and so close to tears that she had not wanted him to see her in such turmoil. In her haste to leave the room she had not seen how she had hurt him. It was not until she saw Georgiana coming down the corridor with Mrs Reynolds close behind did she realise her error. Georgiana turned pale as she took in Elizabeth's tear stained face. Her first thought was for her brother. "My brother, is he…?" Elizabeth felt angered with herself for allowing Georgiana see her upset and for entirely the wrong reason! She hastened to tell the young girl that these were happy tears as her brother had awoken at last. Georgiana was more than a little confused but from behind her Mrs Reynolds was smiling knowingly and asked gently why it was that Miss Bennet was in the hallway? As soon as Mrs Reynolds had uttered those words, Elizabeth's eyes widened in realisation. I ran from the room when I should have told Mr Darcy how I felt immediately upon his waking! What must he be thinking now?! Elizabeth hung her in dejection and did not look up until she felt someone steer her towards the bedchamber once more. Looking up Elizabeth saw that Mrs Reynolds was smiling as she whispered, "Why don't you come in and speak with Mr Darcy, Miss Bennet? I know he will be glad of your company." Georgiana gasped as she looked from Mrs Reynolds to Miss Bennet and back again; her own realisation dawning. My brother is in love with Miss Bennet and has been for a while judging from his letters. Why had I not seen it before?! But something is amiss, why does Miss Bennet look confused and upset? I shall endeavour to find out! But first a little encouragement… "Yes, Miss Bennet, do come in! My brother has told me he holds you in the highest esteem. I am sure seeing you will lift his spirits! He needs better conversation than he can receive from his sister." Georgiana looked to Mrs Reynolds for approval unsure as she was that what she said was right. Seeing the housekeeper give her a proud look Georgiana went on to boldly say, "Indeed I know he would wish it, Miss Bennet." Seeing Elizabeth's shocked look Georgiana continued, "For he has you to thank for his present state of wellbeing, does he not?" Elizabeth was more than a little flustered by Georgiana's words. Did she know what had passed between Mr Darcy and I before? Have I been so transparent with my feelings? She was not certain what she said in reply such was her confusion as she followed Miss Darcy into the room. The reunion of brother and sister was a very touching one for the other two witnesses in the room. Georgiana sobbed with relief as she hugged her brother. Darcy, though not one for public displays of affection, embraced his sister with a fervour that surprised them both. He had felt their separation keenly in recent weeks but was reluctant to set his woes on her young shoulders in light of her own emotional turmoil. Wickham had a lot to answer for on both counts! Seeing Elizabeth standing off to the side watching with a smile made his heart skip a beat suddenly. She has not gone! It is not as hopeless as I feared! Their eyes locked and in that moment no one else existed. So much was conveyed in a glance. The warmth in Elizabeth's eyes as she looked his way taught him to hope as he never had before. Darcy couldn't remember feeling this happy in a long time. It was then that the spell was broken. Mrs Reynolds reminded Georgiana that the colonel and Mr Bingley were still ignorant of the fact that Mr Darcy had awakened. This shook Elizabeth from her reverie and she looked away from Mr Darcy. She told Mrs Reynolds that she must write to her aunt and Uncle Gardiner to ask that they send for her as soon as may be. Georgiana glimpsed the look of despair that her brother tried to hide and made a quick decision. "Brother, I wonder if we could invite the Gardiners to stay a night or two before they return home as I would much very like to continue my acquaintance with Miss Bennet?" Never in his life had Darcy loved his sister more than he did in that moment! Here fate was being kind to him at last. Elizabeth would stay at Pemberley a few more days! He would get his chance. He smiled warmly as he responded, "Of course, Georgiana. If Miss Bennet is agreeable then she should write and invite them directly." Elizabeth blushed as she answered, "That is very kind of you, Mr Darcy. I shall write immediately but I can answer for Mr and Mrs Gardiner, we have no fixed engagements as we were meant to be returning home tomorrow evening." Mrs Reynolds smiled at each of them and told Elizabeth that if she gave her the note she would send it with a servant to Lambton directly. At Mrs Reynolds' pointed glance Georgiana said she would go down and give their guests the happy news. When the two women left Elizabeth turned back to Mr Darcy with a smile and said, "It seems they've conspired against us, Mr Darcy and we've been left to our own devices!" "I must remember to thank them one day. Georgiana can be quite inventive when she puts her mind to it! I had no idea Mrs Reynolds' mind ran in the same vein!" Elizabeth laughed at that and felt the tension leave the room. Much relieved now that they were talking in a friendly manner Lizzy felt it was time to broach the one subject that seemed taboo between them. "Mr Darcy, I want to apologise for the way in which I spoke of Mr Wickham to you when last we met. I should not have spoken so warmly of him and I am truly sorry for the pain I have caused you. Had I known…" "Miss Bennet, there is no need for you to apologise you were not to know his character. It was not your fault. Did it…did it… On reading my letter, did it make you think better of me?" "It was a very gradual change, Mr Darcy for at first I could not do you the justice of thinking fairly. I was angry at your interference with Jane and Mr Bingley. I was ashamed for believing Mr Wickham's deceit. Your adieu though, I cherished." Mr Darcy's heart swelled at her words and he could not help but seek confirmation he was unsure if he had heard her words correctly, "You did?" Elizabeth smiled and was about to say something more to assure him of her change of heart when Colonel Fitzwilliam chose that moment to arrive and congratulate his cousin on his recovery. "Cousin, we had begun to fear you would stay sleeping for a while longer. Tell Miss Bennet the truth now, you were only pretending so she would rescue you!" Mr Darcy's colour rose as Elizabeth's laughter rang around the room. "I think you'll find, Colonel that Mr Darcy is as much relieved as we are that he is awake! Is that not right, Mr Darcy?" Darcy smiled at Elizabeth and answered in the same jovial tone, "Indeed it is, Miss Bennet. Indeed it is!" Elizabeth left the cousins to talk amongst themselves while she sat down at a table to write a note to the Gardiners for Mrs Reynolds to send to the Inn at Lambton. "Miss Bennet will be staying on at Pemberley for another day or two with her aunt and uncle you'll be glad to hear, Fitzwilliam." "Are you indeed, Miss Bennet? Wonderful news", said the colonel as he threw a meaningful look at his cousin. "That is wonderful news, indeed!" It was not clear who wore the biggest blush then, Elizabeth or Mr Darcy at his cousin's teasing. The next few days would be interesting with Colonel Fitzwilliam around during the visit. Mr Darcy fervently hoped that he would not have to tell Fitzwilliam to curb his tongue but knew it would be a useless endeavour. It was in Colonel Fitzwilliam's nature to tease and he did so love to tease his more serious cousin. Especially if it made him blush as the colonel had just witnessed. It was rare that Darcy was flustered and he could see that the colonel was going to take full advantage while Miss Bennet was at Pemberley. Yes - the next few days were going to be interesting indeed. A/N: I had you going there for a minute, didn't I?! Have no fear though there will more chances for Darcy to talk to Elizabeth in the coming chapters. Oh and Georgiana has some probing questions of her own ;)
The Gardiners were arriving shortly and Mr Darcy wanted to be there to welcome them like the master of the house as was proper. Instead, Elizabeth had watched him closely for the last few hours and as much as he enjoyed her company he was beginning to feel a little suffocated. He needed to be doing something, anything to keep his mind of the constant ache in his head. Darcy was fearful of revealing this fact in case that the doctor refused his consent to allow his patient below stairs, a concession for which Darcy dearly fought and only won because he had promised Elizabeth he would rest awhile after any exercise. He knew she was fearful he would relapse and sought to hide her worry with witty remarks but Darcy could see the underlying tension behind her eyes and he hated that he was the cause of her worry. So it seemed he let his frustration at his present situation show by being in ill humour. What was making it worse; Elizabeth seemed to find it all very amusing much to his chagrin. He could not help but grouse every once in a while. Darcy did it so he could see the inevitable impish smile grace Lizzy's lips. If she only she knew I was being unreasonable on purpose. I don't think she would let me forget it! Darcy still could not believe she was here and willingly too! Every once in a while he caught himself looking at her while she was preoccupied with a task such as helping Mrs Reynolds with the tea tray. Or he simply watched her as she read quietly by the fireside while he pretended to rest. He did not want to miss a single moment while Elizabeth was under his roof; it was too good to be true. He had dreamed of such moments as this all those months ago and to even think of sleeping while she was here was intolerable! Elizabeth knew that Mr Darcy was restless even before she looked up and caught his glance. She smiled and told him that under doctor's orders he was to stay in bed for a good part of the day for at least another while. "Must you act like your favourite toy has been taken away? Surely you know you resemble a small child at present with that disappointed look on your face, Mr Darcy?" Lizzy laughed as she saw the instant look of horror on Mr Darcy's face transform into a slow smile at her teasing. "I am not in the habit of doing as I am told, Miss Bennet. I have been my own master these past five years. This 'situation' is new to me though not unwelcome I find. It is a very welcome change to be cared for rather than it fall to me to be the carer, I assure you. I may seem ungrateful at times but I am not used to staying indoors so long. It makes me uneasy as I am sure you will sympathise." Elizabeth bit her lip to hide a wry smile in response to Mr Darcy's churlish turn of phrase. She was glad to see he was returning to his old self even if it meant he was a little taciturn. "I do sympathise, Mr Darcy but you will just have to get used to doing as you are told at least for the next day or two", Lizzy replied with a laugh knowing there was little he could do about it at present. "Is that a promise, Miss Bennet?" Darcy could not help but tease in his turn and smiled as he noticed her sharp intake of breath. He found it pleased him immeasurably to know he could render her speechless. Elizabeth took a moment to collect her jumbled thoughts. It was not so much what Darcy said that took her breath away momentarily as it was the soft affectionate tone he used. How am I to interpret that?! Is he flirting with me? It is impossible that he should still care for me. Yet the look in his eye just then is telling me otherwise. Oh I need to go before he sees me blushing too much! Elizabeth cleared her throat and said to Mr Darcy without looking at him; too embarrassed was she at how easy the flush in cheeks rose at his words, "I will go down and see if my aunt and uncle have arrived, Mr Darcy. If you rest awhile I might be persuaded to allow you to visit below stairs after dinner." Mr Darcy beamed at her as she left the room causing Elizabeth's heart to quicken just a beat. As she walked down the hallway lost in her thoughts she did not realise she was smiling broadly until she almost bumped into the colonel at the bottom of the staircase who was on his way up it seemed. "Ah, Miss Bennet just the person I wished to see. Your aunt and uncle have arrived with some of your things. I thought you would wish to know as soon as possible as you might like to change before dinner." "Thank you, colonel. You are very kind. I will just say hello to them before I retire to my room." "You are very chipper this morning, Miss Bennet. Might it have something to do with my cousin being awake?" Elizabeth could not help how her colour rose at his implication but however fast her heart was beating at that precise moment she told him mildly that of course she was happy Mr Darcy was well and awake. It did not help matters that the colonel laughed heartily as he passed her on the stairs on his way to his cousin's room. With a shake of her head Elizabeth went into the drawing room to welcome the Gardiners. That evening as Elizabeth helped Mr Darcy into a chair by the fire Georgiana requested that she play for them. "You did promise, Miss Bennet that you would play for me. I have heard so much of your talent from my brother that I have a wish to hear it for myself. What say you, brother shall we hear her play?" Georgiana had an impish look in her eye that delighted her brother and he felt he had Elizabeth to thank for that. Georgiana seemed transformed since she met Elizabeth that morning. He could refuse his sister nothing and so he teased Elizabeth until she agreed to sit at the instrument and began to play with the colonel turning the pages for her. As the first few bars floated over to where he sat and with it carried Elizabeth's melodious voice Darcy felt at ease for the first time in months. He could not describe the effect Lizzy's voice had on him. He felt compelled to get up and walk over to the pianoforte to have a better view of the fair performer's countenance. This turn of events did not go unnoticed by the other guests in the room and while the majority had a smile on their face Miss Bingley could do nothing but scowl. How Miss Eliza Bennet ever turned the head of Mr Darcy Caroline could not fathom. Her performance on the pianoforte was only adequate at best for heaven's sake! Her manners were intolerable and yet everything that Miss Eliza uttered brought a smile to Mr Darcy's face. Caroline would have given anything, her left arm if need be, to have Mr Darcy look upon her as he looked at Miss Elizabeth Bennet! "You mean to frighten me, Mr Darcy, by coming in all this state to hear me? You must know that my courage always rises with every attempt to intimidate me!" "You know very well that I had no intention of alarming you, Miss Bennet, though you are fond of expressing opinions which are not your own!" Elizabeth laughed at the similarity between this debate and the one they had had in Rosings and turned to the colonel to say that he was not to believe anything Mr Darcy should utter as he was giving him a pretty notion of her character and she wished he would not try to sketch it just now as Mr Darcy was presenting her in an unflattering light! "It is very unkind of him it is not, colonel?" "Indeed it is, Miss Bennet, but I should like to hear more if you please. How does my cousin comport himself among strangers? No don't utter a word I can see by his pained look that he does not recall his time in Hertfordshire with pleasure!" "Some moments in Hertfordshire I recall with much pleasure, I assure you, Fitzwilliam." As Darcy uttered those last words he heard Elizabeth gasp and as he caught her gaze whatever was happening around them receded into the background. In that moment there was no one else in the world. There was just Elizabeth and Darcy in a world of their own making. A/N: I know I promised more teasing from the colonel and probing questions from Georgiana but that will have to wait 'til the next chapter as this demanded to be written! So you get more of Darcy and Elizabeth interacting – I hope no one is disappointed ;) There is more to come, I promise! I know this chapter is short but as I am going away for the night I won't have time to add more to this chapter but I will make it up to you all by writing an even longer chapter next week! I wanted to make sure I kept to my weekly Saturday updates ;)
That same evening… Unbeknownst to Darcy and Elizabeth they were garnering quite the audience as they gazed at each other. They would have continued to do so had there not been a discrete cough from the colonel alerting them to the fact that they had indeed lost track of the conversation. The colonel was smirking at the couple rather knowingly much to Darcy's chagrin but as Lizzy was not one to get embarrassed too easily she laughed it off merrily drawing the attention of Georgiana. "Of what do you speak, brother that has Miss Bennet so merry?" As soon as Georgiana had spoken Lizzy, Darcy and the colonel broke into peals of laughter confusing the young girl. Thinking she had said the wrong thing Georgiana asked what they found so amusing. When Darcy enlightened Georgiana as to why they were laughing she couldn't help but join them in their merriment. "Never would I have thought that I would have anything in common with our aunt De Bourgh! Did she really demand to be a part of your private conversation, cousin?" "She did indeed, Georgiana. Though I think it may have had something to do with Darcy's inability to focus on anything when Miss Bennet was in the room! God forbid he should be focussing on anything other than our aunt when she deigns to speak!" This latest speech earned the colonel a scowl and a laugh in equal measure from his cousin. He cared not a jot for his cousin and her fair friend were laughing heartily at his playfulness. "Mark my words, colonel. One of these days your playful manner is going to get you into trouble. It is lucky for you that I like you so much for I dearly delight in picking apart absurdities!" "Miss Bennet is correct, Fitzwilliam. I have seen her in action and you would not last a minute going up against such a fine opponent though I should dearly love to see how you would fare!" "You would feed me to the wolves for sport, would you Darcy? The colonel mockingly scoffed at his cousin delighting in the fact that Darcy was in the mood to poke fun at him. In the last few months it was rare to see Darcy in a jovial mood and the colonel put it down to the fact that Miss Bennet was in residence at Pemberley presently. "If Miss Bennet is the one making you look like a fool, Fitzwilliam then I would gladly do so!" At this time Georgiana was nearly holding her sides in laughter at her poor cousin and he remarked on it. "This is a fine thing. The one person I thought would be on my side in any argument is now laughing at my expense! Have you turned traitor on me now, my fair cousin? I thought I was your favourite cousin." The colonel pouted in jest hoping to see Georgiana laugh more and he was rewarded. Bingley chose the lull in conversation to join the fray. "What's this? Miss Bennet is seated at the pianoforte but there is no music! You wound me Miss Bennet for I had requested a song or two did I not?" Elizabeth could not help but smile at Bingley's attempt at levity and she replied in kind. "Indeed you did Mr Bingley and I am heartily sorry. As you see my fingers await your orders. What shall I play next?" Before Bingley could answer Georgiana moved to the pianoforte and brought forward a piece of music that made Elizabeth take a second glance. Lizzy looked up at Georgiana and asked her if she was sure she wished her to play this particular piece. "I would dearly love to hear you play it, Miss Bennet if you would be so kind. It is a piece I have been practicing at some length but I have not been entirely satisfied with the result. I would like to hear it afresh, please?" With her kind words and seeing Georgiana's pleading eyes Lizzy could hardly refuse such an entreaty however she wished she could avoid playing 'Voi Che Sapete' from Mozart's 'The Marriage of Figaro', the words alone were enough to make her blush. She hoped that none of the gentlemen knew or understood the significance of the words as she played and sang. Luckily for Elizabeth the only gentleman present who understood the language was Mr Darcy and he was not inclined to embarrass her further by saying he spoke fluent Italian. So Mr Darcy sat down on the sofa with clearest view of Lizzy's fair countenance and enjoyed her performance with a warm smile. When Lizzy finished playing on the pianoforte she couldn't look up at Mr Darcy for she was unsure whether she wished to see that his feelings for her had not changed or whether she feared that they had changed. Oh she realised she was being irrational for she knew that he esteemed her, what happened in April was enough to convince her of that but had he forgiven her her outspoken dislike of him? It did not seem to matter how many instances in the past couple of hours that showed her he had forgiven her she still wished to hear it from his lips and there seemed to be no time that night for them to speak privately. It was all so frustrating! It originated in Mr Bingley who was delighted that Miss Bennet had favoured them with such wonderful playing. Mr Bingley requested that she play another tune for she had played the last one uncommonly well but Lizzy's heart was too full to focus on another rendition. She begged Miss Darcy's forgiveness but she wished to retire as she was tired after the excitement of the day's events. She would be better company in the morning once she had had a good night's rest. Lizzy left the music room without a backwards glance for she was afraid if she should gaze upon Mr Darcy's face she would show her heightened emotions. Once out in the hallway Elizabeth sought out Mrs Reynolds for she was in need of some fresh air and was desirous to know if she could go out into the gardens for a moment or two. Mrs Reynolds smiled at the young woman understanding her need to get away for a brief respite and replied, "Certainly Miss Bennet, you may go into Lady Anne's favourite garden. It is close to the house and will be illuminated by both candlelight from within and the moonlight so you need not fear it being too dark." The housekeeper leaned in conspiratorially and whispered, "It is also a very private space, Miss Bennet. It was Lady Anne's refuge from a busy world. So you need not be disturbed if that is your wish." "Thank you ever so much Mrs Reynolds. That is just what I would wish! Some solitude would be most welcome at this time." "You are very welcome. If you turn the corner on your left, Miss Bennet you will see a row of lavender it will lead you to some hedgerows which in turn will lead you to an opening of a small garden filled with white roses, Lady Anne's favourite flower. At its centre is a small seat where you can rest awhile to your heart's content. Do not leave it longer than an hour to return to the house as Mr Graves will likely lock up the house by then." After donning her spencer; she decided to forgo wearing her bonnet wanting to feel as much fresh air as possible Elizabeth followed Mrs Reynolds' instructions and soon found herself in a haven not quite hidden from the house. Lizzy could still see the music room from the garden. For a moment Lizzy closed her eyes and breathed in the aroma that surrounded her. There were white roses everywhere and even in the midst of them Lizzy could still smell a hint of lavender. In that instance Lizzy felt more relaxed than she ever felt even at home in Longbourn and as she leaned back into the seat she whispered to no one but herself, "I would gladly stay my whole life in Derbyshire if only for moments such as this." "You would indeed be most welcome to stay, Miss Bennet." At the sound of Mr Darcy's voice Lizzy started and could do nothing but stare at him for a moment. Recollecting herself she answered him in what she hoped was a calm voice. "Forgive me, Mr Darcy I did not see you there." Mr Darcy who had been watching Elizabeth as she discovered his mother's garden smiled at her as he drew closer. "It is I who should apologise, Miss Bennet for not announcing my presence sooner but I did not want to intrude on your solitude." Elizabeth blushed at the thought of Mr Darcy observing her. Thank goodness I did nothing to embarrass myself! More to relieve her feelings she said in a teasing tone, "One would think you were following them, Mr Darcy." "I would go wherever you were, Miss Bennet." For the second time that evening Elizabeth felt her breath catch in her throat. Oh dear Lord! Did he really mean that?! In a momentary bout of embarrassment and as a sudden bolt of happiness flowed through her, Lizzy looked away from him. Mr Darcy looked down at Elizabeth and admired how the moonlight somehow reflected in her hair. She had never looked as lovely to him as she did in that moment. Lifting her chin so she was looking at him Mr Darcy whispered almost reverently, "You are too generous to trifle with me, Miss Bennet. If your feelings are what they were in April, tell me so at once. My feelings and wishes are unchanged. But one word from you will silence me on this subject forever. Do put me out of this exquisite torment and consent to be my wife! I will do anything in this world to make you happy dearest, loveliest Elizabeth!" Suddenly overwhelmed with the deluge of feelings coursing through her veins, Elizabeth felt her eyes fill up with tears of happiness as she laughed. "You do not know how often I have despaired of you ever uttering those words to me again, Mr Darcy. I was certain you would never forgive my harsh words to you in April! Oh my feelings, my feelings they are so very different. In fact they are quite the opposite." "Truly?! Do you really mean that? Does this mean that you consent to be my wife?" Laughing Elizabeth answered him with her heart full, "Yes, Mr Darcy I will be your wife!" The happiness those words elicited in Darcy was indescribable. He did not know what to feel first; elation or disbelief. After months of uncertainty and wondering how in the world he could ever expect Elizabeth to love him; how he was going to convince her to even like him and now he understood her feelings had changed! What he could not express in words for words for what he was feeling at the present time were just not enough but he could express them through his actions. With a restraint he did not know he possessed he gathered her hands in his and kissed them while saying to Elizabeth, "You have made me the happiest man in all of England, Elizabeth!" Again Elizabeth laughed as she replied, "For who could refuse you, Mr Darcy when such vistas as these are before her!" Elizabeth gestured to the gardens, "Pemberley is so very grand, is it not?" As she impishly uttered those words Darcy's restraint slipped and he kissed her soundly. A/N: OK so Darcy and Elizabeth are engaged but have you all realised that Jane's letter has yet to come? Their happiness will be short but only for a little while I promise! I must stick with the events in the book! 'Voi Che Sapete' is the aria that Lizzy sings when she's at Pemberley in the masterpiece that is the BBC 1995 production of 'Pride and Prejudice'. It's possibly my favourite scene in that miniseries and it's all down to Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth's performance, it's just a beautiful scene!
Dear reader, I have been away from fanfiction for quite some time and for that I apologise! Life has been very busy in recent months with work being mostly to blame for my lack of writing anything substantial! This is a very feeble excuse I know but I hope you can forgive me and be kind! Though if you realised how long the majority of this chapter sat languishing on my laptop I am sure a few of you would be shocked! As always I do not take credit for this wonderful novel and these fantastic characters. They belong to Jane Austen. I just like to play with them a little. Enjoy Xo Chapter 8 Elizabeth was dazed when she stepped out of Mr Darcy's embrace. So many emotions had solidified in that one kiss. So that is what it feels like to be kissed! I should like to feel that very often! She was shaken from her very pleasant reverie when she noticed Mr Darcy's expression of dismay. "What is the matter, Mr Darcy?" "Forgive me, Miss Bennet! That was not very gentlemanlike; I never asked your permission to kiss you." "You are needlessly worrying, Mr Darcy as it seems to have gone unnoticed by you; I acquiesced quite willingly, I assure you! Indeed, I should like to repay the compliment someday soon but now I fear we have been gone too long. Mrs Reynolds knows I came out here this hour past and I have no doubt she knows that you are out here also." "Oh do not worry about Mrs Reynolds, Elizabeth. I rather think she likes you." "And I would very much like to keep her good opinion of me a little while longer, Mr Darcy! It has been building this past day or so and I should not like to see it crumble so very soon after it has been formed!" Darcy looked fondly on his new fiancée and smiled. "And why are you so concerned with Mrs Reynolds' opinion, Elizabeth?" Elizabeth looked up at Darcy and quietly said, "Because if I have your housekeeper's good opinion, sir then I am sure to win over the rest of the household in no time at all! "Where did you pick up this intriguing piece of information, Elizabeth?" Darcy couldn't help but smile at Elizabeth's obvious delight in solving some unknown riddle to which he was not privy. "I am not just my father's daughter, Mr Darcy. Unbeknownst to my mother and probably to my father's chagrin I have been observing my mother at work for years and she is not as flighty as she would have us believe. She has taught me that once you have the good opinion of a senior servant in your household you need never fear that things will not run smoothly. In my mother's case it is Cook. I presume you have heard that my mother's ability to set a good table is renowned?" "Indeed I have, Miss Bennet. I had seen my own mother use the same tactics when I was a young boy to great effect. I wonder how I did not notice it before." The night was drawing in and Darcy felt that it was time for them to venture back inside however loathe he was to leave the sanctuary of Lady Anne's garden. Elizabeth sighed and reluctantly allowed Darcy to lead the way back into the house. Mrs Reynolds met them in the entrance hall with a smile. Elizabeth was quick enough to observe a raised eyebrow from the housekeeper as she turned to look at her master, who had the grace to blush slightly under her gaze. "Tea shall be served in the music room momentarily, sir." "Thank you, Mrs Reynolds that would be most welcome." Just as Elizabeth turned to go into the music room, Darcy took hold of her elbow to stall her, "If it pleases you, Miss Bennet, I should like to wait to inform your aunt and uncle of our engagement until I have had the occasion to ask your father's permission. Would that be agreeable?" "Of course, Mr Darcy! Papa should be the first to know, however, if I may be so bold as to inform my sister Jane?" "If that be the case then I will tell Georgiana. Shall we begin?" Darcy said as he stepped aside to allow Elizabeth pass. "Begin, Mr Darcy?" Elizabeth flashed a questioning smile as she walked ahead of him. "Our happy life together, Miss Bennet." Darcy whispered in reply. "Darcy, my man! Where in Heaven's name have you and Miss Bennet been all this time?! We'd quite despaired of the both of you. Had we not Georgiana?!" Only Elizabeth, who had laughed at the colonel's comment, was privy to Darcy's groan of impatience as he turned back to close the door. Darcy grimaced slightly as he closed the door. Curse my cousin for being so observant! As he threw a sidelong glance at Elizabeth Darcy turned to face his inquisitive cousin. What he said next would be important in deflecting more questions however he could think of nothing but the truth. Resigned to the inevitable questions that would follow Darcy told them all that he had shown Miss Bennet his mother's garden as she had expressed an interest in seeing it. "Is that so? And how did Miss Bennet like Lady Anne's garden?" The colonel asked of Elizabeth as he beamed at her with an ill disguised grin, "The company on this stroll was fascinating I have no doubt, eh Miss Bennet?" Elizabeth couldn't help the laugh that escaped her as the colonel teased her mercilessly. It was all she could do to keep the blush she could feel rising from her countenance. "It is very impolitic of you, sir to tease me so for it encourages me to retaliate and I intend to win, my good sir!" "Oh ho! This is a fine thing and no sign of a rescue from either of my cousins!" "You shall have to find your way out of this, Fitzwilliam. You were, may I remind you, the one who initiated this argument. As I have been on the receiving end of Miss Bennet's biting wit on more than one occasion I am not keen to enter the fray again anytime soon!" Elizabeth crossed the room and sat down beside a grinning Georgiana who appeared to be enjoying the teasing between her brother, cousin and her new friend. She giggled when Elizabeth turned and winked slyly at her before turning back to the gentleman and addressing the colonel, "Are we to continue crossing swords then, colonel?" "Oh no Miss Bennet I concede victory for I fear if I was to continue I would come out in an unfavourable light! Victory is yours!" It was to their laughter that Mrs Annesley entered the room reminding Georgiana gently of her duty as hostess. When Mrs Reynolds entered a short time later Mrs Annesley greeted her at the door with a smile, "It does one's heart good to hear the young folk laugh again, Mrs Reynolds. It has been far too long has it not?" "Indeed you are correct! I have been delighting in the change of mood in this house ever since that young lady arrived. She is like a breath of fresh air!" Mrs Reynolds indicated Elizabeth as she smiled at Georgiana as she received her cup of tea. "I received this letter just now by late post and must hand it to Miss Bennet. If you will excuse me, Mrs Annesley for just a moment." Elizabeth smiled as she saw Mrs Reynolds approach and congratulated her on a wonderful supper. "Your addition of those lemon slices was greatly appreciated, Mrs Reynolds. I wonder how you knew I was partial to them." The housekeeper smiled gratefully at the graceful young woman who impressed her yet again with her ability to make any one present feel included in the conversation. "Someone may have whispered it in my ear, Miss Bennet but they shall remain nameless. I shall leave the guessing game in your very capable hands. Before I forget, Miss this came for you just now from the village." "Oh thank you, Mrs Reynolds. It is from my aunt Gardiner. She says she and my uncle shall be arriving at Pemberley early tomorrow at your request, Miss Darcy. It seems my uncle intends to fulfil a promise of a day's fishing, Mr Darcy." Georgiana started as she had completely forgotten to mention that she had organised a picnic for the following day. "I hope it will be to your liking, Miss Bennet." The smile on Elizabeth's face grew wide at the thought of a picnic in the lovely grounds of Pemberley. It would give her another excuse to roam the grounds again to her heart's content. "A picnic shall be delightful, Miss Darcy! I shall say goodnight now and wish tomorrow would arrive soon!"
Hello again! Wow this is my longest piece yet. Thank you to everyone who has favourited, followed and reviewed this story. I love hearing your thoughts on it. I hope you enjoy it. Happy reading! Chapter 9 Elizabeth woke before the dawn with a little excitement over the day to come. She would be able to spend some more time with Mr Darcy hopefully they would have a moment or two to themselves. When they were in a roomful of people she missed their own conversation. In truth she missed having his attention all to herself. She decided a walk in the early morning light was just the thing to calm her restless limbs. Lizzy was dressed and had breakfast in hand, one of the kitchen maids had kindly secreted a small parcel away for her, even before the morning birdsong announced the beginning of a new day. She smiled as she breathed in the fresh air. There was a slight fog hanging in the air which to Lizzy's mind spelt good things for the day ahead. Georgiana shall be delighted if the sun this fog is promising appears! When she had first gone into Lady Anne's garden Lizzy had spied a small path diverging from the garden and was curious about where it would lead. She went in that direction in the hopes of discovering something new and with a spring in her step she was on her way. Lizzy had not gone two steps before she heard a loud bark clearly announcing that she would soon have a canine visitor on her walk, smiling she halted for a moment to allow the dog to find her. Lizzy was delighted to be greeted by Mr Darcy's wolfhound Nelson who seemed as equally delighted to have found her for he pranced around her in circles and nudged her hand. Finding nothing of note, namely a treat or two, he ran off in the opposite direction. Lizzy felt a stab of disappointment in not encountering Mr Darcy also as she had learnt in recent days that where you find the hound you find the master! She was not left to wallow in her disappointment for long because Nelson rounded the corner of the grove not a short time later with a stick in his mouth. Nelson promptly dropped the stick at Elizabeth's feet and with a twitch of his head it seemed to Lizzy that he wished to play! Laughing to herself Lizzy bent down and picked up the stick and teased Nelson with it for a moment or two. The dog's ears had pricked up and with a bounce in his step it clearly spoke of his excitement with this new game! With a little trepidation as she was unsure whether he would jump at her in his excitement Lizzy held out the stick to Nelson and he made a grab for it. It was in this attitude that Mr Darcy came upon the two of them in the midst of their play under one of the trees. If it had not been for Lizzy's delighted laugh it would have been Nelson's eager bark that alerted Darcy to their whereabouts. He could help but grin at the two of them so engrossed were they that they did not even hear him arrive! "So it would seem that Nelson has made a new friend in you, Miss Bennet." Darcy said to Elizabeth as he casually leant up against the tree and was clearly enjoying the spectacle in front of him. "Yes, Mr Darcy so it would seem. He has been a delightful walking companion this morning, haven't you Nelson?" Lizzy patted Nelson's head as he happily wagged his tail in agreement. Darcy was surprised if not a little pleased that Nelson continued at Elizabeth's side as they walked along not caring where it was they were going just content to be in each other's company. "Enough about Nelson and my antics, how are you this morning Mr Darcy? Are you going to be at your sister's planned picnic later this morning or shall you whisk my uncle off fishing once he arrives? Do you know he has talked of little else since you invited him to fish at Pemberley? My aunt told me in her letter that he is very much looking forward to it. You are very kind, sir." "Think nothing of it, Miss Bennet. Your uncle is very pleasant company and I find I enjoy his conversation very much." They walked on in silence a while longer until Darcy happened to take a sidelong glance at Elizabeth's face and found her smiling to herself. He could not resist asking her what it meant. "Oh only that Miss Bingley is likely to be disappointed with your lack of attention towards her fair person at the picnic today. I confess it makes me happy to know her schemes are thwarted before she even knows they have been so and it not my fault! Ha! She will be so vexed and she won't be able to have the satisfaction of venting her frustration out on me! Yes I find this diverting, very diverting indeed!" "I am very glad I can offer you sport in any shape, Miss Bennet. Indeed, you must report what does happen at the picnic in relation to Miss Bingley to me once I arrive. I will be anticipating great merriment! Oh you are a bad influence, Miss Bennet for now I find making sport of our friends to be a highly enjoyable pastime!" A little time later they entered the music room to sound of Georgiana joyfully playing on the pianoforte. When she saw the pair she quickly jumped up to greet them asking Elizabeth eagerly if she was excited about the upcoming picnic. Elizabeth shared a fond smile with Mr Darcy over Georgiana's shoulder and replied that indeed she was very much looking forward to their picnic. "It is so nice to have family and friends together at Pemberley, isn't it brother? The picnic, you know, is a tradition that was started by my mother, Miss Bennet and I feel it is high time that some traditions be taken up again!" "Traditions you say, Miss Darcy. I should very much like to hear of more of them if you are so inclined to divulge." "Oh with pleasure, Miss Bennet, my brother has a lovely party piece. He…" "Georgiana…" Mr Darcy sent a warning glance to his sister but she was unperturbed. Georgiana slyly looked over at her brother, smiled and turned to Elizabeth to continue her story with a twinkle in her eye. "He has a lovely baritone. You should hear him sing, Miss Bennet." "I will not be singing, Georgiana. Surely we can have this picnic without including this tradition of mother's." This time it was Elizabeth's turn to tease him. "Oh please, Mr Darcy. If it is a tradition it must be continued and you would not want to cause me disappointment, would you?" Elizabeth arched an eyebrow in challenge that Darcy could never resist. She knew it for she grinned in triumph when she saw that he had resigned himself to the fact. "Very well I shall do it, Georgiana but only if Miss Bennet agrees to sing with me." For one brief moment Elizabeth was certain that Darcy was in jest but when she looked more closely she can see that while he may have set it as a challenge he was also hopeful in a strange way. At that moment Elizabeth was saved from answering by the entrance of Mrs Reynolds. She curtsied and told Miss Darcy that the cold meats and fruit were ready for the picnic and was there anything else she would like to include? "Where shall have James set out the blankets, Miss Darcy? It is rather sunny would you prefer somewhere near the trees?" "Just by the lake shall do perfectly, Mrs Reynolds. Thank you very much for arranging everything so quickly." "It was my pleasure, Miss Darcy." The housekeeper looked at each of them with a smile, curtsied once again and left the room. Georgiana in her excitement squeezed Elizabeth's hand and told her it was time to change for their outing before her aunt and uncle arrived. "We shall see you at the picnic, brother!" Elizabeth was laughing as she glanced back at Darcy as she left the room with Georgiana. As they ascended the stairs Elizabeth was preoccupied about how she was going to keep her new happiness from her aunt. Her aunt was one of the few people who could tell when Lizzy was keeping something back. So preoccupied was Lizzy that she did not realise that Georgiana was looking at her expectantly awaiting an answer to a question Lizzy did not hear. "I beg your forgiveness, Georgiana! Mind was elsewhere for a moment. What was it you wish to know?" "You are quite alright, Miss Bennet I simply wished to know if you are to return with your aunt and uncle for the duration of your stay in Derbyshire." Elizabeth felt her colour rise as she realised to her mortification that she had not given it much thought since Darcy proposed. Propriety dictated that she must return with the Gardiners to Lambton now that she and Mr Darcy were engaged. Lizzy, however much she disliked the idea of leaving Mr Darcy, knew it must be so. I will go but I shall miss Pemberley very much. Even as this thought went through her mind the truth of the matter is that it is Darcy she will miss the most. The Gardiners arrived shortly after noon. Mr Darcy invited Mr Gardiner to join him, Mr Bingley and Colonel Fitzwilliam to go fishing. "Do not worry, ladies, we will not disturb your picnic by fishing in close proximity to the lake. My plan is to show Mr Gardiner the far edge of the estate." Darcy informed the ladies of the group before leaving them with a deep bow and a promise to return before nightfall. Darcy was interrupted by the sound of hooves travelling at speed towards where the group had gathered at the front of the house. As the rider dismounted, Darcy felt a moment of disquiet he could not explain. It was answered shortly after the rider asked if Miss Elizabeth Bennet was among the party. "Yes I am she." Elizabeth stepped forward and accepted the letter from the rider's outstretched hand. "I was instructed to deliver these to you, Ma'am. Good day." The rider gave them a swift bow and deftly swung up into the saddle and was gone leaving a trail of dust in his wake. Mr Gardiner and Mr Darcy both stepped forward to inquire if anything was amiss. The urgency of the rider had them both uneasy. Lizzy looked down at the packet in her hand and knew instantly that the letters were from her sister Jane. She smile at her uncle and reassured him that everything was alright; the letters had just been misdirected at first. "Enjoy reading your letters, Miss Bennet. Shall we go then, gentlemen?" Darcy gestured to the men and soon they had gathered their tackle and were off. Georgiana who had been watching Elizabeth out of the corner of her eye smiled at the look of happiness on Lizzy's face as she read her sister's letter. They must have a very close bond. How lovely! I wish I had a sister to confide in. She grew alarmed a moment later as she noticed Lizzy's face go from one shining with happiness to a pale imitation of her energetic self. "Are you alright, Miss Bennet?" Lizzy started at the intrusion on her tangled thoughts. She gathered herself enough to say that she was suddenly feeling unwell and must return to the house. Georgiana was alarmed and looked around for someone to assist Miss Bennet back to the house, she caught a glimpse of her brother as he turned a corner and with a lapse in propriety she called out to him. "Brother!" Mr Darcy noting the alarm colouring his sister's voice looked around to see Miss Bennet almost running back to the house with Mrs Gardiner close on her heels. Without so much as a thought Darcy dropped everything, alerted Colonel Fitzwilliam and was gone back in the direction of the house. Darcy found Mrs Gardiner at the library door trying to get her niece's attention. When she saw Darcy she was visibly relieved. "She will not allow me to enter, Mr Darcy. I am worried for Elizabeth has never acted in this way before. Darcy reassured her that he would speak to her niece and get this resolved soon. He did not have to look very far for Elizabeth upon entering the library as she was curled up on his chair with the letters in her hand. When she looked up at him it was the look of defeat that stopped his heart for a moment. Oh dear God, not her father. He gently took the letter that she handed to him without a word. He desperately wanted her to look at him again but to no avail, her eyes were firmly fixed on the floor. Resigned, Darcy began to read the letter. At first it was just family news, her mother's histrionics and the like but it was when Darcy began reading about Miss Lydia's trip to Brighton that the horrific truth dawned on him. Wickham was up to his old tricks again! Damn the man! Would he never leave him in peace? "Oh dear God, Elizabeth! I am sorry and so deeply shocked! Is there anything I can get you for your present relief? A glass of wine. Shall I get you one? You do look very ill, my dear." "No, no I am fine, I thank you. It's just a little shock. I never expected that Lydia could be so thoughtless." Elizabeth could say no more for fear she would cry helplessly. She was beginning to think that Lydia had been thoughtless in more ways than she could bear to fathom at the moment. Elizabeth was watching Darcy with interest as he paced the room seeming to forget about her presence. Surely after this debacle Darcy will have nothing to do with me or my family. Wickham as brother in law! Everything about that statement was repellent. I could not expect him to overlook such a thing, not after everything Wickham has put his family through. Georgiana! Oh no how am I to explain this to the poor girl. She's only just recovered her equilibrium after her own encounter with Wickham! Oh it's hopeless, so hopeless! Darcy continued to pace around the room unaware that Elizabeth's thoughts were in such turmoil as his own thoughts were all consuming. I cannot believe this of Wickham! He knows her family has nothing to offer him. He had his suspicions and he must set out immediately to find the scoundrel. He must act fast before Wickham moves on again. Fitzwilliam will want to help but with the Bingley's here he must stay behind to quell any suspicions that might arouse from my leaving so soon after Elizabeth and the Gardiners have taken theirs. He looked to Elizabeth and felt his heart go out to her. She looked so pale and resigned but he did not have time to reassure her that his affections had not changed with this turn of events. He closed his eyes at the thought that she may be hurt by his sudden departure but there was nothing to be done but to leave immediately once Fitzwilliam and Mr Gardiner are informed. "Miss Bennet, I fear you have long been desiring my absence. Your aunt is outside and is desirous of speaking with you. I shall fetch her. I must speak with your uncle and Colonel Fitzwilliam at once." Darcy did not think he would ever forget the look of devastation on Elizabeth's face as he left the library. "Mrs Gardiner, you may go in now. Miss Bennet is alright however, I must warn you that she has no received good news. Be not alarmed, madam, her family are in good health." Darcy whispered this information to Mrs Gardiner before she entered the library. She stopped him before he took another step. "Thank you for everything, Mr Darcy. You have been an excellent host. I can speak for Mr Gardiner when I say we are heartily glad of your friendship. I say this now for I fear we will be leaving soon." Darcy, though a little taken aback by this speech, graciously accepted the compliment with a quick bow. With one last look at the library doors, he left to speak with Mrs Reynolds. Not long after he instructed Mrs Reynolds to tell Colonel Fitzwilliam and Mr Gardiner he wished to speak with them in his study did Darcy hear a swift knock on his study door. "Enter." Colonel Fitzwilliam strode in as Mr Gardiner turned and closed the door. "Darcy, what is the meaning of all this? Why is…" Darcy interrupted his cousin to tell Mr Gardiner the bad news. "I will answer your question in a moment, Fitzwilliam. Mr Gardiner, were you aware that your niece, Miss Lydia Bennet has gone to Brighton for the summer?" "Yes I am aware of that fact, Mr Darcy. Please continue. What has this got to do with my niece?" "Everything I'm afraid, Mr Gardiner. She has left Brighton in the company of one of the officers. Wickham as a matter of fact." "Wickham! Surely you are in jest, Darcy!" "I wish that I were, Fitzwilliam. They left together on Sunday. They were traced as far as Clapham but not beyond. Now, Mr Gardiner if I may be so bold as to say that you must go to Longbourn and inform Mr Bennet. Keep him from doing anything rash. I may know where Wickham is hiding. I shall go to London directly." "Be that as it may, Mr Darcy, I would wish to be a part of the search, Lydia is my niece after all." "Forgive my bluntness, Mr Gardiner but I believe I will have more success on my own. There are parts of London that are treacherous even in daylight." "You take too much on yourself, Mr Darcy." It was at this point that Darcy with a quick look to Fitzwilliam for approval told Mr Gardiner the story of how Wickham was connected to his family and last summer's almost tragic turn of events. "…and so you see, Mr Gardiner it is due to my pride and eagerness to protect my sister from censure that Mr Wickham's true character is not known to the world. Had I warn the people of Meryton as soon as I knew of Wickham's presence then this may have all been avoided." Mr Gardiner looked closely at Darcy for a few moments and if he suspected something or someone more was involved he was astute enough to say nothing of it until he had proof. He had a suspicion that his niece Elizabeth was the one to thank for Darcy's involvement in the search for Lydia. Why else would the man risk everything for a girl he hardly knew. "Very well, Mr Darcy. I can see you will not be moved from your course. I will do as you say and go to Longbourn though my brother Bennet may not be best pleased with your highhandedness as I am, sir!" Darcy chuckled at that reference to Mr Bennet's temper. If Elizabeth was anything like her father, which he suspected was the case, he was sure to receive a rebuke or two from her father. "I am sure that will be the care, sir but if and when I find Miss Lydia and deal with Wickham I will not fuss over a cross word or two. Fitzwilliam, if you would be so kind as to stay with my sister and keep the waters here calm?" Colonel Fitzwilliam knew Darcy meant to keep the news from the Bingley's as long as possible. If Caroline Bingley heard this piece of gossip it would spell disaster for Darcy as well as the Bennet's. She will have it spread all over the Ton as quick as you could blink. "I will do so willingly, Darcy but I would much rather be dealing with that wastrel!" "I know, Fitzwilliam and I am grateful. I will leave shortly after you are to leave, Mr Gardiner. I will have to wait an hour or so to throw of the suspicions of my guests. I presume you and Mr Bennet will go to London in any case. I shall write to you at your home when I have found Wickham and Miss Lydia." Lydia was bored. She had been closeted in this room for the past three days and she was getting restless. Why did we have to have that silly carriage accident? Here am I nursing Wickham when I should out having fun and shopping! Silly leg. Why did he have to go and hurt it! That stupid carriage! Mrs Young had been watching the young girl fidget for the last hour and smiled. She knew what was wrong with the girl. It was as plain as day she was bored. Of course she is! She is too young and probably never had to think of another person in her life. Oh you foolish man, Wickham. Look what you've gotten yourself into now. She's a pretty little thing I grant you but surely you are getting bored of her now? "Can I not go out and see the town, dearest? Please I am ever so bored!" Mrs Young stifled a laugh at the exasperated tone of Wickham's voice as he answered the child. "No of course not, what are you thinking, Lydia? You may be seen and I can't have that until I am fully healed!" Lydia walked over to the window in a huff, sorely disappointed with yet another night where nothing was to happen. Hateful man! All I want is a little fun! Is that Mr Darcy coming to the door? What can he be doing here? The silence in the room was punctuated with a sharp knocking at the door. Mrs Young went to answer it only to nearly drop her teacup in fright when she recognised the person at the other side of the door. "Mr Darcy! What do you do here?" "Mrs Young, I know you have Wickham here. I wish to speak with him." "I do not think that is a very good idea at the present time, Mr Darcy. He is very weak." "He is not too weak to hear what I have to say. Stand aside if you please!" Darcy saw Miss Bennet but chose to ignore her for the moment as he only had eyes for the man in the bed. Instead he spoke again to Mrs Young. "Please take Miss Bennet downstairs, Mrs Young. I will only be a few minutes. I wish to speak with her as well." Darcy did not speak again until he heard the door close. He surveyed Wickham's condition and smothered the urge to smile. Serves him right! "How have you gotten yourself into another mess, Wickham? Another bar room brawl?" "Come to gloat have you, Darcy? How I have fallen!" Darcy drew back in distaste at the sneer on Wickham's face. The man is still the same. It would be comforting if it was not so galling! "You had fallen a long time ago, Wickham. This is no great change. It is perhaps, not the greatest of your hare-brained schemes but it is one you shall have to live with from now on." "Oh I do not think so, Darcy, you see I can use that little piece as ransom because the only reason you are here is because you care for her sister, Elizabeth. Oh yes, I know of your feelings for her. You forget, Darcy; that I know you as well as you know me. All it took to piece this delightful puzzle together were a few careless words from my dear Lydia. You danced with the girl! Knowing you as I do I know this is completely out of character for you unless your affections were engaged. Now I would have preferred a more enticing piece, Miss Elizabeth I should think but…" Wickham did not finish his sentence. Darcy had provided him with something else to nurse, namely his jaw. Darcy, in a blind rage at the mention of Elizabeth's name, had hit Wickham so hard he almost lost consciousness.
Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. That honour belongs to Miss Jane Austen. Mrs Reynolds went in search of Miss Bennet as she had not seen her about the house in quite some time. If she owned the truth she was a little worried about the young lady's state of mind. It must have been a dreadful shock that had driven the young miss away from company at this time. Determined to ease any fears that may have arisen in Miss Elizabeth's mind, Mrs Reynolds continued her search. Eventually, after much searching of the grounds, she found the young miss in the mistress' garden. Mrs Reynolds smiled to herself as it was little surprise that Miss Elizabeth would seek solace in a place that was very dear to Master Fitzwilliam too. The housekeeper watched Lizzy for a few moments unseen. With little observation she could tell that the young miss was suffering enormously under the strain of the day's events and no doubt the master's absence weighed heavy on her mind. Much as she loathed interrupting the poor girl's solitude; the housekeeper felt it was necessary in order to draw the young lady out and she addressed her as such, "If you please, miss. There is tea waiting in the parlour if you would care to partake in a light refreshment?" Elizabeth was startled out of her painful reverie and with visible effort replied, "Thank you, Mrs Reynolds. You are most kind. I shall be in directly." "Very good, Miss." Mrs Reynolds curtsied slightly and left Lizzy bemused at the housekeeper's timely intervention of her wayward thoughts. She was worrying for Mr Darcy and what he may do when he found Wickham and Lydia. If, indeed, it was in his power to find the couple. Oh she would not think of the consequence of not finding them in time to save Lydia's and, by extension, her sisters' characters as well! As Elizabeth approached the house she took one last steadying breath and put on a brave face as she entered the house once more. Mrs Reynolds was determined to discover what had Miss Elizabeth in such a pensive mood. She had her suspicions; knowing as she did that an express came for Miss Bennet and that the master had left in such haste. For the master to leave so abruptly could only mean that something untoward had happened. After careful consideration she felt a direct approach would garner a quicker response from the young miss and possibly bring them to a solution with more speed. But how would she broach such a delicate subject? The housekeeper decided that the best way would be to wait and see how Miss Bennet fared as she sat down to her meal. "Miss, forgive me for prying but you do not seem yourself this evening, are you alright?" "Oh yes, Mrs Reynolds, I am quite well, I thank you." But even as Elizabeth uttered these words her emotions got the better of her and she burst into tears. "Oh, pray, forgive me, Mrs Reynolds. I am quite alright, I assure you! It is just some dreadful news which I received from Longbourn." "You are more than welcome to speak of it, should you feel the need, Miss." Elizabeth felt all the kindness from the housekeeper in that moment. She contemplated revealing some of her emotional state to the housekeeper as she knew Mr Darcy trusted the older woman implicitly and knew her concern was genuine. It would do her good to alleviate some of the fears she had been carrying around with her since hearing the horrifying news. Sipping her tea was refreshing in a way that Elizabeth had never taken the time to notice before. It could be that Mrs Reynolds was a comfort even as she silently waited for Lizzy to speak her mind. "My aunt and uncle are preparing to depart for Longbourn as soon as may be, Mrs Reynolds. I wished for some peace before I return home to clear my muddled thoughts. I would appreciate your company awhile." Wickham was in shock. He had not thought Darcy had it in him to lose his renowned level-headedness. This is quite something indeed. I will be certain to take proper advantage. Miss Elizabeth has most certainly turned the usually unflappable Darcy's head. If, in that moment, he was not nursing his jaw he would have chuckled. He was not wholly confident in his second hand information on the possible relationship between Miss Elizabeth Bennet and Darcy when he made the quip but Darcy's sudden fury confirmed it for Wickham. He was going to use it to its full advantage. Maybe this situation is not completely a lost cause after all. I could milk Darcy for more money now that I know of his interest in Miss Elizabeth. He will do anything to protect her. "Bravo, Darcy! I did not think that I would ever see the day that the famous cool Darcy exterior would slip. I cannot say that I have enjoyed it to tell the truth." Wickham sneered at Darcy as he rubbed his jaw. Darcy could see that Wickham was sizing up the situation and he was disgusted and more than a little angry with himself for allowing Wickham to see his feelings so clearly. "You may sneer, Wickham but you may not be laughing so merrily when I have said all I have come to say. Your actions, this past week, disgust me. Have you learned nothing in your life? It has become painfully clear that you have no qualms in bringing a good family's name into disrepute nor will you ever possess a conscience. Do you ever think of any person other than yourself? Have you thought how that young innocent girl below stairs will feel knowing she was second choice to her sister? That, in your quest for fun and frivolity, you only seduced her for your own amusement? Good God man, have a care! You are many things but I never thought you as low as this! I know you do this simply because you have a compulsion to revenge yourself on me for past perceived grievances!" "I care not what you have to say on the matter, Darcy. I will not marry Lydia Bennet. I must live on something. You know very well the girl has nothing." Let's see how long it will take you before you suggest a solution now, Darcy! Darcy sighed in resignation. He knew Wickham would say something of this nature. He had wished rather than believed Wickham to have changed his ways when he absconded with the youngest Bennet girl. This latest statement proved his suspicions to be correct. He really wished it was not the case. No matter what his personal feelings for Wickham; his father had a fondness for the man. Darcy knew that his father would not have liked to have seen Wickham brought so low by his own foolishness. It was with a heavy heart that Darcy gave Wickham an ultimatum. "If this is to be your answer, Wickham, you give me no choice but to say that if you do not marry Miss Lydia Bennet I will have no choice but to have you thrown into debtor's prison. The Marshalsea will be your destination. Make no mistake; I will stay true to my word. I have a list of establishments that will swear you owe them money." Wickham could not believe his ears! Darcy was threatening him instead of capitulating as he had thought. This was not going according to plan. He must think quickly if he wanted to be free of trouble such as this! Appealing to Darcy's weakness for family, Wickham tried to remind him they grew up together as boys. "Darcy, you cannot do this! What would your father say?!" Darcy shook his head once again and sighed as he replied, "Can you not see that I do this for my father's sake? I do this in memory of my father!" Wickham paled and sunk down into his bed; a look of sheer desperation evident on his face as he uttered, "Please…Darcy." "I shall return in the morning. Think on what I have said. You must know what the reasonable course of action is, Wickham." Darcy left the room without a backward glance. He had done what he could to convince Wickham. A/N: Hello! I know this is short but there is more. I'm working on the next chapter as I type this note. I've been away so long I felt you deserved to hear from me sooner rather than later. Real life has gotten in the way in the past year and for that I can only say that I'm sorry. For those of you worrying whether this story would remain incomplete; it will not. I have the rest of the story all mapped out! I hope you like this chapter…
Chapter 11 As their carriage brought them closer to Longbourn and as the passing scenery became more familiar Lizzy couldn't help but be reminded of Mr Darcy and their unusual path to their engagement. Days and evenings spent in each other's company amongst their mutual friends could be seen in a different light now that Lizzy knew her affianced better. Every look and word that had passed between them meant more now than ever. Lizzy was uncertain she would see Mr Darcy again after Lydia's shameful conduct. Lizzy was jolted back to reality when the carriage took a sharp turn. She sighed at least now that she was home her mother's nerves would be a welcome distraction to her muddled thoughts. The returning party was greeted at the door by a very relieved looking Jane, "I'm so pleased to see you, Uncle! Papa has asked that you be shown into the library to speak with him as soon as may be convenient." "Of course, thank you my dear. I shall see him directly," Mr Gardiner replied as he entered the house, handing his hat and overcoat to Mrs Hill as he made his way to the library. Lizzy, as she watched her uncle make his way into the library to speak with her father, could not help but feel a sense of unease. She dearly hoped her father would not be his usual taciturn self with her uncle. She wished he would listen and heed her uncle's advice. She did not breathe easy until she saw her uncle and father emerge from her father's safe haven. One look at her father, however, and Lizzy saw that he was not in good spirits. Her uncle's smile however, reassured her that all was not as bleak as her father's countenance would have her believe. "Lizzy, I shall be off again to London within the hour. I shall endeavour to find Lydia but first I must meet with Mr Darcy to ascertain whether he has found anything out about where that blackguard Wickham is staying with Lydia." Elizabeth could not be more shocked to hear Mr Darcy's name. He has not abandoned me then! With no small sense of relief and happiness she replied, "How can Mr Darcy be searching them out, uncle? I do not understand how this has come about!" Mr Gardiner smiled inwardly as he said with as much innocence as he could muster for he suspected Lizzy already suspected the answer, "Can you not? I should have thought you would be the first person to know." Lizzy could not help but blush at her uncle's implication. "I did not know Mr Darcy had travelled to London. We left Derbyshire so soon…" Lizzy had the grace to blush once more for she knew Mr Darcy would search out Lydia and Wickham. Had she not been worried for that reason? "You need not worry overmuch, my dear," her uncle kindly told her, "Mr Darcy, I'm sure, would not do anything too hasty. He is a sensible man. I will join him soon and everything will work out for the better." "I thank you, uncle, for your kindness but forgive me if I do not hold the same hope as you do." "Now you are being silly, my dear. I must go to your aunt for a moment to say goodbye and then I shall be off as soon as the carriage is ready, Mr Gardiner replied as he turned to find his wife, no doubt trying to reassure her sister, in between her sister's habitual fluttering, that all was not lost. oooOOooo Mr Darcy hoped his meeting with Mr Gardiner would go as he wished. The man may disapprove of his threat to Wickham. In the short time that he had known Mr Gardiner he had understood him to be a man of great integrity. Darcy was unsure but he hoped Mr Gardiner would cede control of the situation with Wickham to him. Darcy needed to be the one to bring Wickham to heel. Darcy felt that, at least, in this he could avenge his sister's treatment by Wickham and also be of service to Lydia and of course, to Elizabeth. Soon there was a knock on his study door. "Enter." "A Mr Edward Gardiner to see you, sir." "Send him in, Hall, thank you." "Mr Darcy! It is good to see you again, sir though I wish it were under less trying circumstances." Darcy smiled in greeting and said, "It is good to see you too, Mr Gardiner. Won't you please sit down? Can I get you anything to drink?" "No thank you. May I ask if you have found my niece and Wickham?" "I have, sir. I saw your niece last evening. She is well if a little bored. Wickham has been injured in a carriage accident. Have no fear your niece only sustained minor bruising, I am told. Wickham received the brunt of the impact. I spoke briefly with Wickham and I am afraid it did not go how I would wish. Wickham refused to marry Lydia and I have threatened him with the Marshalsea Prison if he does not marry your niece. I have told him I will return today, I wanted to apprise you of these developments before I met with him again, to continue our discussion. I know my threat seems rash, Mr Gardiner, but I know the way Wickham's mind works. If he feels that his way of life and the way he lives that life is threatened he will take the easiest road to resolve it, of this I am confident." Mr Gardiner could not but be amazed at Mr Darcy's quick resolution to their problem but also of the fact that this was the longest he'd ever heard the young man speak. Recollecting himself upon seeing Mr Darcy was awaiting a reply he said, "I wish to go with you when you meet Wickham. I wish to ascertain Lydia's welfare for myself and to look this scoundrel in the eye. The man must know he has to marry Lydia!" "I do not think that would be wise, Mr Gardiner. Wickham can be obstinate and I believe I would fare better with him if I go alone. I shall bring Lydia back with me and she shall be placed into your protection until such time as she marries. Your wife is travelling back from Longbourn, is she not?" "As you wish, Mr Darcy but know I do not like it. My wife travelled back with me. She will be ready to receive Lydia as soon as may be." "Thank you, Mr Gardiner. I shall go directly. I will speak with you again soon." As soon as Darcy arrived at Mrs Younge's establishment he knew something was afoot. He knocked and had to wait a few moments before a very nervous looking girl answered the door. "Oh if you please, sir, the young lady above stairs is very distressed! Please come!" Despite his shock at this turn of events Darcy tried everything in his power to make the young girl tell him what the matter was. It wasn't long before he was shown to Wickham's room, however. As he entered the room he was nearly knocked sideways by Lydia, who was frantic, thinking he was Wickham. "Oh, Mr Darcy I do not know what has happened! When I woke this morning they were gone!" "Who was gone, Miss Bennet", Darcy appealed to Lydia although he suspected he knew the answer. "Wickham and Mrs Younge! They've left me here. Why would they do that?!" Lydia cried as she slumped into a chair in defeat. On hearing this news, Darcy closed his eyes in defeat. Wickham had absconded! He had failed Elizabeth. Again. As calmly as he could Darcy asked Lydia to recount all she could remember of yesterday evening and whether she remembered if she heard Wickham and Mrs Younge speaking together. Through her tears Lydia told him all she had heard while the two thought she wasn't attending to their conversation. She could not tell him where they were headed but Lydia was able to provide him with something of equal importance. Wickham intended to flee England. A/N: Thank you to all those who reviewed, faved and alerted this story in the last week I'm so glad you like it. I hope you enjoy this chapter.
Chapter 12 I have failed Elizabeth again! This cannot be borne! How can the scoundrel have slipped through my fingers? Was I so blinded by fury that I could not have foreseen this?! Darcy's thoughts were interrupted by the continuous sobbing of Miss Lydia. Recollecting himself Darcy knew he must get her back to her uncle as soon as was possible. "Miss Bennet, all will be well I assure you. I will escort you back to your Uncle Gardiner as soon as you are ready to leave. I shall fetch the maid to help you." Still sobbing Lydia looked up at Mr Darcy wide eyed and asked, "Will you find my Wickham, Mr Darcy?" Darcy inwardly cringed at the title Lydia gave Wickham and in an attempt to keep the young girl calm, for he remembered her to be excitable; he told her he would do everything in his power to find him. He did not say what would happen after he found Wickham. Darcy was impatient to be gone. He must visit Fitzwilliam and acquaint him with what had transpired concerning Wickham. He knew too that he must have an uncomfortable conversation with Mr Gardiner. Lydia's situation must be rectified. He had an idea that he needed to discuss with both Fitzwilliam and Gardiner, which may be an answer to the situation. He knew not how to broach a subject which would be painful for both parties to discuss however; Lydia Bennet's character and that of her sisters were at stake so he must do it for all their sakes. Darcy, as impatient as ever, strode to the door intending on finding out what was taking Miss Lydia so long when she arrived down with the young maid who had led Darcy to the crying Miss Bennet not a half an hour previously. Darcy resisted the urge to scold the child for being happy at such a moment. Thank heavens for small mercies! I was sure I'd have to retrieve her myself if she'd been a moment longer! oooOooo Darcy was never more relieved to see Cheapside in his entire life. Lydia Bennet never stopped chattering from the time they left Mrs Younge's lodgings, much to his chagrin! The seriousness of her situation did not seem to put her out of spirits for long. Darcy did not know whether to be more annoyed at her obvious naïveté or the fact that her foolishness had got her and her sisters into this mess and she did not seem to have a care in the world. A mess he and her uncle must rectify in a very short time indeed. A scandal now would be difficult to quash. Any scandal involving a Darcy, no matter how remote, would live long in society's memory and Wickham knew this very well. Darcy had averted disaster on a few occasions, most notably the attempted elopement of Wickham and Georgiana. Here he was on the cusp of his life's happiness and Wickham was determined to ruin it for him. Darcy's thoughts ran in this dark vein until Mr Gardiner arrived with his wife. Darcy bowed slightly upon the entrance of Elizabeth's aunt and uncle greeting Mrs Gardiner first, "It is very good to see you again, Mrs Gardiner. I am very sorry it is not under better circumstances. I'm afraid I do not have good news. Wickham has fled with Mrs Younge in tow." "I am pleased to see you again too, Mr Darcy," Mrs Gardiner, though shocked at Mr Darcy's revelation, smiled at both Mr Darcy and her husband before turning her gaze on her wayward niece. "Perhaps, Lydia, you may wish to refresh yourself before supper? You and I may talk when you have done so." There was no mistaking the censure in Mrs Gardiner's voice but it seemed that Lydia chose not to hear for she complained as she was leaving that she was hungry now and why were they not to have tea yet? What can Mr Darcy and her uncle have to discuss when all that was needed to be done was to find her Wickham and all would be well? The two men could hear Mrs Gardiner tell her niece to dry her eyes whilst trying to explain that it is a little more complicated than finding Wickham. The last thing they heard before the door closed was Lydia's whine once again. Darcy, for one, did not envy Mrs Gardiner her task in making Lydia see reason where Wickham was concerned. Mr Gardiner regarded Mr Darcy for a moment before apologising for his niece's behaviour. He knew without having to be told that his niece had not the manners to thank Mr Darcy for his assistance. "You have nothing to apologise for, Mr Gardiner. I was happy to do it." "Your forbearance does you credit, Mr Darcy. I would not have been so patient with my niece. Now, pray tell me, what has occurred with Wickham?" Darcy began to tell the whole unhappy truth. By the end of his tale both he and Mr Gardiner looked very grave indeed. "So you believe that Wickham intends to flee the country then, Mr Darcy?" "I'm afraid so, sir." "That is most unfortunate. What would you suggest we do next, Mr Darcy? I am, at this present time, at a loss as to what to do. I shall, of course, have to send an express to my brother Bennet as soon as possible." "May I be so bold as to include a note to Miss Elizabeth when you send your express, Mr Gardiner?" "Yes, of course, you may young man. I am sure Lizzy will be delighted to hear from you. No doubt she is worrying at present." "Thank you, sir. I suggest asking for my Cousin Richard's involvement as he will have contacts within the city. As Wickham has absconded I know he will suggest that this matter be put to the militia as it is grounds for desertion." "You do not sound happy with that possible turn of events, Mr Darcy; if I may so bold as to say." "No, you are correct, Mr Gardiner. I am not happy. Not for the reasons you may think but the fact is that while he lived my father treated Mr Wickham as a favourite and I am certain he would not be happy to see him disgraced in this way, no matter what his conduct may have been. So it is for his sake that I am not happy." "And yet the Marshalsea is not a disgrace?" Mr Gardiner was confused at Darcy's logic here but he would cede to whatever plan Darcy seemed fit in this case. "What are we to do about Lydia, Darcy? She must not go home unwed. The scandal would be too great to hush up." "I have an idea I must put to my cousin. I do not know if your sister or your nieces have ever mentioned the militia that were stationed near Meryton. Richard is acquainted with the colonel of that regiment, a Colonel Forster. I believe it was he that your niece was staying with whilst in Brighton. If we were to meet with the colonel he may know something about Wickham's activities that may point to where he is headed now. For myself, I believe Wickham plans to dock a ship that is sailing to the Americas. I will endeavour to find out which ships are about to depart within the next few days, it may be that we can intercept Wickham before he can go aboard. If this be the case I will stay in London whilst Richard travels to Brighton to talk with Colonel Forster." "You think that this colonel can come up with a situation for our Lydia, do you? It seems a bit rash to be trusting my niece's fate to a man I do not know, Mr Darcy." "I can assure you that Colonel Forster is a man of integrity, Mr Gardiner. He can also be trusted to be discreet. I am sure he will be agreeable to what I will have Fitzwilliam suggest. There is a young man in that militia, who was a particular friend of Mr Wickham and before his arrival, this young man was a favourite of your niece's. He may be the answer to Lydia's problem." "Very well, Mr Darcy, I shall trust you in this matter. I shall eagerly await your next visit." "One moment Mr Gardiner, I wish to write a note to Miss Elizabeth if I may?" "Oh yes of course, I had forgotten! There are writing materials on my desk if you wish to avail of them. I shall be back momentarily," Mr Gardiner smiled kindly on the young man who looked as though he had the weight of the world on his shoulders. A moment of peace in which to write to Elizabeth would do him the world of good! Darcy breathed a sigh as Gardiner left him to his thoughts. What am I to say to Elizabeth that will reassure her when I know the news that Wickham has fled will be so worrisome for her?! My dearest Miss Bennet, I am sorry to say that this letter does not bring glad tidings as yet. Be assured that your sister is well. Wickham is yet to be found but I am certain it cannot be long. You must know that you are in my every thought as I navigate this difficult situation. I do hope that you are well and I hope my stay in London will be of a shorter duration than I anticipate so that I may return to you and your enlivening company very soon. In anticipation of our next meeting I will only add, God bless you. Fitzwilliam Darcy oooOooo Darcy was thankful that Fitzwilliam saw fit to answer his summons in a timely fashion. "Darcy, whatever has you so tied in knots that you could not elaborate in your note to me other than to say it was urgent?" "Wickham has gone missing, Fitzwilliam." "You are in jest, surely?! He is injured! He cannot have gone very far." "Indeed I am not, cousin. He is being aided by Mrs Younge." "Is there any end to this man's mischief?! Surely now you must agree that he should be caught and tried for desertion?" "I do not," Darcy raised his hand to stop his cousin from angrily disagreeing with him. "Hear me out before you disagree with me, cousin. I believe the Marshalsea is the best place for Wickham as we will know where he is at all times and he cannot cause any more mischief. I know that it would be honouring my father's wishes to do so." "I see what you are up to Darcy. I cannot agree with it but I commend you for it." "You are acquainted with the colonel of the Meryton regiment, are you not? Would you be agreeable to meeting with him and making him a suggestion on my behalf?" "Of course, cousin, I will suggest anything you wish, within reason," the colonel smirked as he saw the shocked expression on Darcy's face. "I would hardly suggest anything outlandish, Fitzwilliam!" Fitzwilliam laughed as he replied, "No, of course I do not believe you would, Darcy. What would you have me suggest to him, cousin?" When Darcy told Fitzwilliam of his plan the colonel smiled and told him, "You should think about a career as an officer Darcy! You'd make a great strategist!" "Oh be off with you, man before I lose my patience with you," Darcy couldn't help but laugh at his cousin's jest even with the seriousness of the situation. "I shall send word as soon as I have spoken with Colonel Forster, Darcy." All Darcy had to do now was to track Wickham down using the contacts Fitzwilliam had kindly left him before he went on his way. Darcy had a feeling that this was going to turn into a very long night indeed.
A quick recap so you don't have to go and search for the previous chapter to know where this chapter takes up the action. Elizabeth, after learning the awful truth that her sister has absconded with Wickham, is distraught and leaves for Longbourn with her aunt and uncle. Darcy confronted Wickham at Mrs Younge's and found him bedridden after a carriage accident and yet still defiant. Darcy loses his cool and punches Wickham after he insulted Elizabeth. The following morning, after finding Miss Lydia alone at Mrs Younge's, Darcy finds that Wickham had taken flight in the middle of the night with Mrs Younge. He enlists the help of Colonel Fitzwilliam fearing that Wickham may try and flee to America or the continent. Oh, the 'Bow Street Runners' were a police force set up by Henry Fielding, also known as an author, in 1749. They originally numbered six and have been called London's first professional police force. Just a little warning, there is quite a bit of jumping from the present, the near past and vice versa in this chapter. It will become clear in the next chapter or so as to why I've structured it this way, I hope. I hope that you are willing to take this leap of faith with me on this! Thank you, I hope you will enjoy this chapter... Disclaimer: Pride and Prejudice is the work of Jane Austen, with the exception of some original characters within this story, all characters are hers! Chapter 13 Colonel Fitzwilliam was in the foulest of moods and it was all the fault of the scoundrel Wickham. Why must he disrupt every single life with whom he comes in contact? Was there no end to his deviance? As he rode at speed towards Brighton, the colonel could not help but curse the day Wickham entered Darcy's life. He was on his way to try and retrieve some semblance of respectability for the Bennet family and by proxy that of Darcy too. If word were to reach the Ton of this, it would indeed be a scandal. There were certain parties that would take great pleasure in ruining the reputation of the Bennet girls and it would not be done out of malice, in certain quarters at least, but for sheer sport and it would live in the minds of the Ton for a day or so and that would be the end of it, at least for them. The Bennet girls may not be so fortunate. And so with a heavy heart the colonel continued on his quest with all the haste he could muster. His next stop would be a local inn for the night and then it was on to Brighton. He and Colonel Forster had a lot to discuss. oooOOooo Darcy slowly drew a weary hand down over his face. He had spent the last few hours going over everything he could remember of Wickham and his habits in his head that would aid he and Fitzwilliam in their quest to track down the blackguard before it was too late. He was almost certain Wickham and Mrs Younge could not have procured a passage from England so soon after their confrontation. Therefore, he reasoned, they were in hiding somewhere. But where? That was indeed the question. To -who could, and would, they turn to; who would be in London at the present time to aid them? His mind was going around in circles and nothing as yet had presented itself. He was determined to come up with something, however, and he would not give up. With a heavy sigh he got up and rang for a servant. A walk would do him good and it just might provide him inspiration that was presently lacking. He smiled in remembrance of how fond Miss Elizabeth was of walking. Anything at the moment that helped him feel close to his affianced was preferable to the torment that he was putting himself through. Darcy blew warm air onto his hands, it was a cold enough evening, and he could see the mist from his breath as he made his way from Darcy House on Grosvenor Street. As he turned the corner he was deep in thought, he did not see his friend Churchill come against him and he was almost upon him before Darcy was cognisant of the fact. "I say Darcy, you look miles away! How are you, old chap?" Darcy inwardly cringed. He was not fond of Churchill's society at the best of times and at this present moment he wished him miles away. "I am well, I thank you, Churchill. How are Mrs Churchill and the children?" "As well as can be expected under the circumstances, I suppose." Churchill leaned in conspiratorially, "I suppose you've heard the news? It's likely to be all over the Ton by now…" At the rate with which you deliver it, Churchill I can well imagine… Darcy thought uncharitably for it appeared that Churchill was under a great deal of stress. "Never fear we have the man watched by the Bow Street Runners. They'll catch him out before too long!" Aha! The Bow Street Runners! Darcy was elated as an idea formed in his head. At the present moment he could almost embrace Churchill for his thoughtless chatter. I could contact his friend Cavendish in Bow Street and ask him to inform me if he hears of any strange comings and goings of a man of Wickham's description. Perhaps I may be lucky and he already has some information in that regard. So distracted was Darcy by his thoughts he did not realise that Churchill had ceased to talk and looked expectant of an answer. "I daresay you should hear presently, Churchill. Do not lose hope. You shall get recompense for this upset to your wife's family. You must excuse me, Churchill; I must bid you a good evening as I am late for an appointment. It was good to see you again, my good man. Please give your good wife my warmest regards." With that Darcy strode away with a newfound purpose towards Bow Street and he fervently hoped there may be some new information on the whereabouts of Wickham. As Darcy approached Bow Street however, he had second thoughts. What if Cavendish knew nothing and Darcy had let him in on the secret and it was all for nothing?! Someone outside of the Bennet family and their closest friends would know of the scandal? Was there a way he could convince Cavendish to reveal sensitive information without informing him as to why he must divulge said sensitive information? Did not Cavendish have a sister in the Derbyshire area? Perhaps he could convince Cavendish to make her known to Georgiana and when it came to Georgiana's first season she could help the Cavendish girl along too, if need be it would be beneficial if Cavendish's sister wished to rise up within society. The Ton would accept her if she were a close friend of Miss Georgiana Darcy. Darcy made a mental note to speak to Georgiana about his plan when he saw her next. He dearly hoped, for Georgiana's sake and by proxy, Elizabeth's that Miss Sarah Cavendish was an agreeable young lady. No doubt Georgiana would be friendly regardless; she was on good terms with Miss Caroline Bingley after all. There was a lot of activity around Bow Street when Darcy approached and it made him a little apprehensive. He presented his card and told the constable that he wished to see Mr Cavendish as soon as it was convenient. George Cavendish was intrigued as to why Mr Darcy of Pemberley wished to see him. Of course he knew who the man was, wasn't every mother within this and the neighbouring three counties after him for one of their daughters?! He straightened his posture, fixed his face into a mask of indifference and asked his secretary to show Mr Darcy in and to prepare some refreshments. Best not to keep such an important man waiting, he thought, with one word Darcy could stifle all attempts he made to get on in society and he had a sister to think about. When Mr Darcy arrived he did indeed cut an imposing figure. Is it any wonder then, that he is known for being proud? It is easy to forget that he had responsibility heaped on him at a very early age. He should be allowed to be reserved if he so wished! Darcy was the first to break the silence that had fallen on the room as he entered. "Mr Cavendish, thank you for agreeing to see me so promptly, my name is Fitzwilliam Darcy…" "I know who you are, Mr Darcy. All of London is awash with your comings and goings…" Cavendish spoke in jest but immediately realised he had said the wrong thing when he saw the turn of Darcy's countenance. "I beg your pardon, Mr Darcy, I meant no offence. What is it you wished to discuss with me?" Though Darcy was a little shaken from what Cavendish had said previously, he shook his head and reminded himself as to why he was there. "Quite. It is a delicate matter, Mr Cavendish, if what I'm about to reveal you should find its way out of this room before a certain situation has been settled, it will ruin at least one family. Can I trust in your discretion?" Shocked Cavendish could do nothing but agree. "Very well, I thank you. If you know who I am then you have heard of my estate in Derbyshire, Pemberley…yes? Here again Cavendish quietly nodded his assent allowing Darcy to continue his tale. After Darcy had finished speaking, it took him a moment before he looked Cavendish in the face to gage his reaction. Everything hinged on the next few moments. Darcy was sure if Cavendish did not take up his plight, the search and indeed the reputation of the Bennet sisters might be ruined forever if he chose to reveal it to society. As shocked as Cavendish was he knew this was a situation he could, and must, take advantage of for the sake of his sister. "You have my word, Mr Darcy not a word that has been spoken between us within this room shall pass my lips. I will do everything I can to help your cause." Darcy could do nothing but breathe a sigh of relief. His leap of faith may yet provide dividends. OooOOooO Back in Hertfordshire, Elizabeth was regretting informing Darcy of their plight. What if he should call out Wickham and be injured?! Lizzy smiled suddenly thinking 'I sound just like Mama, next I shall be calling for my smelling salts!' Just as soon as the smile appeared on Lizzy's face, however, it disappeared as quickly. Be serious, Lizzy! Darcy may well be in danger at this moment! If only she was there with him, then she could be assured of his safety. Elizabeth began to think rationally. Surely the colonel and her uncle, who had travelled back to London as soon as he had safely delivered her and her aunt to Longbourn, would keep him from acting rashly? They would not allow Darcy to be hot-headed and run headlong into a situation that he was not sure of the outcome. Indeed if Elizabeth really thought about it, Darcy was one of the most level-headed men of her acquaintance. No he would be safe. She needed him to stay safe. Jane watched in silence as her sister paced and worried for Darcy. She fretted that she was unable to relieve Elizabeth's suffering in any way. No matter how many times Lizzy said that her mere presence helped soothe her, Jane still felt she should do something. Lizzy had confided in her sister about all that had passed in Derbyshire so Jane knew the agony Elizabeth was experiencing. An idea came to her that may help lift Lizzy's spirits if only for a few hours at least. Brutus. Yes, that'll do perfectly. Brutus, despite his ominous name, was a rather imposing yet placid dog who loved nothing more than to bound after Miss Lizzy on her ramblings through the countryside. He kept her safe and she fed him treats, pilfered from the kitchen when Cook's back was turned! Looking up at his mistress now and circling her legs, he wondered what she had in store for him today. It was bright and warm today, which only meant one thing to Brutus, time enough to get lost on a ramble with Miss Lizzy! He was full of energy as they left the house and turned down the lane towards Oakham Mount. He did everything in his power to encourage Elizabeth onwards and before she was aware of her surroundings they were far from the house and she was laughing openly at Brutus' antics. That dog is full of his mischief today! Once Lizzy was out in the open air she felt she could breathe for the first time in a week. Sometimes, as much as she loved them dearly, her mother and younger sisters could be taxing on her patience. Jane did right by encouraging her out of doors today. As she glanced around Lizzy took in the scenery about her, much more than she had ever done previously, she had all the more reason now because within a few months, she dearly hoped, she and Darcy would be married and she would be living at Pemberley. Pemberley…what an astonishing place! She never had seen a place more happily situated and she knew, deep in her heart, that she would be very content there. So many nooks and crannies to explore; so many wonderful secret places to unearth. Secret, of course, to herself for she must have at least one place where she could escape. Escape? Elizabeth shook her head in amusement, surely Mr Darcy and his sister would not turn out just like her own sisters that she would be in need of a secluded place in which to hide away from the world? She must remember to tell Mr Darcy of this. He would laugh at such thoughts! Brutus, having left his mistress to ramble, felt it was time to make his presence known and he brushed against her leg and dropped a stick by her feet with a pointed look. "You wish me to throw it for you, Brutus? Yes? Alright then, just a few times mind you, it is growing dark and you know how Jane worries if I am gone too long." Brutus's tail was wagging furiously indicating that he was indeed listening but by the vacant look in his eye Lizzy knew he did not care what she was saying so long as she threw the stick in her hand. That was what held his attention at the present moment! Laughing, Lizzy threw the stick far enough away that Brutus had to bound after it for fear of losing sight of it. Once or twice he dutifully brought it back and threw it down at her feet with a look of pride but on the third occasion he was getting sensible to the idea that he would have to work for his play time and would not give the stick back to Elizabeth without some coaxing! "Serves you right for wanting to play with me today, my friend!" Even amid her laughter at Brutus and his antics, Lizzy could not but help wonder what Darcy may have found out with regard to Wickham and Lydia. She fervently wished it could all be resolved soon, though there was so little hope, to everyone's satisfaction. If satisfaction, at having Wickham for a brother in law, if indeed, he could be found, was the price to pay for having Darcy back safely. Then Elizabeth would gladly pay it... OOoooOO Perhaps it was remiss of him but Colonel Fitzwilliam did not inform Darcy of his early arrival in Brighton. He wanted to see what Colonel Forster had to say for himself before disappointing Darcy for he knew it to be inevitable. However, any of Wickham's cronies who still loitered in Brighton were either too drunk, or by contrast, too loyal to tell him anything new of the blackguard. For the life of him, the colonel could not understand how Wickham had managed to foster loyalty of any kind amongst his fellow officers. So, it was with these newly formed suspicions about the reasoning behind Wickham's current actions, for there must be a reason for such unwavering loyalty amongst his fellow officers, and having met with Forster, and to appease the lingering feeling of guilt he had in keeping Darcy in the dark until such time as he felt they could act with impunity, he wrote a quick note forewarning his cousin of trouble he knew may cause him harm if he was left completely unaware. Cousin, I must beseech you to forgo your current line of inquiry on the whereabouts of Wickham. The scoundrel is aware of your every move and is always one step ahead of you. You may wonder how I came across this information and I will inform you of everything once I get to town. I cannot, in good conscience, write anymore in this missive in case it is intercepted before you read it. I will be with you the morning after you read this. Fitzwilliam A few hours before the above note was sent... Upon arriving in Brighton, Colonel Fitzwilliam made immediate inquiries about Colonel Forster's whereabouts and how busy he was on a particular hour. Perceiving him to be a man of action, in more ways than one, Fitzwilliam was satisfied he could rely on Forster to be forthright. He left his card with the man's servant, who was none too happy to be woken at such an ungodly hour, and stated that it was urgent he speak with the colonel at some stage that day. When he got a favourable answer, and having engaged himself to return after the noon meal, Fitzwilliam could relax and take a rest himself until their meeting. After taking a quick repast and having a little time before his appointment with Colonel Forster, Fitzwilliam took the opportunity to explore Brighton as he was eager to be out of doors this morning. It was a picturesque place; full of activity and yet, it was quiet along the seafront. The colonel could almost taste the salt that clung in the air as he breathed it in. The air was warm, crisp and there wasn't a wisp of wind to be felt anywhere as he gazed out at the waves which were gurgling to a crescendo upon the unsuspecting shore. It saddened him to know that such an idyllic place would be connected to this ugly business forever in his mind. With a defeated sigh, he turned from the shore and made his way towards Colonel Forster's house. Having been shown into Forster's study, Colonel Fitzwilliam took the time to make a quick survey of the room. Forster was most definitely a family man as there were one or two miniatures upon his desk, clearly family. He made a note of that fact for later in case he should prove difficult to bargain with; the colonel didn't have long to contemplate such matters as the man himself walked into the room. Richard turned to greet the man with a wry smile on his face. "Colonel Forster, my good man, it appears we have much to discuss." "As well as that may be, Colonel Fitzwilliam, I'm still unsure as to why I have the pleasure of your company at the present time?" "Oh do forgive my impertinence, sir. Let me introduce myself, I am a cousin of Mr Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberley in Derbyshire, Colonel Fitzwilliam at your service. You may wonder why I have come; well suffice it to say the Pemberley family have been connected to George Wickham since his boyhood and I myself have known him just as long. I see from your expression that you have now guessed my business here. Shall we get down to it then?" "Colonel, I must say I am very relieved you have come to see me as I have some information of a delicate nature, one which I am reluctant to go to the family concerned with; but, a man of your experience may not shrink from what I have to impart. Will you not take a drink with me? I fear you may need it before this afternoon is done. Pray, forgive me, do sit down. You are correct, we have much to discuss." "This news must, indeed, be grievous if you are so reluctant, sir! Pray, I beg you colonel, tell me what it is at once for I do not have the luxury of sitting on such information, forgive my impertinence, for it is truly of the utmost importance that I forward this intelligence to the relevant people as soon as may be; every second that passes is a second lost and is no less deeply felt." "You must allow me a moment to gather my thoughts, sir. I do not know how best to broach a subject of such a sensitive nature..." Colonel Forster continued in slight agitation, "You may now have worked out that Wickham and the woman with him have planned to flee to the Americas?" Richard impatiently motioned for him to continue and intimated that he knew to what the colonel alluded. Forster cleared his throat somewhat nervously but he persisted in the telling of his tale nonetheless, "Wickham never intended to marry Miss Lydia Bennet but he did intend to take her with him." "She was to be an amusement for him for a little while until he grew tired of her and could abandon her at a moment's notice once he was out of the reach of good society and, no doubt, he thought to revenge himself on Darcy with this last transgression. Even though Miss Lydia Bennet has only the slightest connection to Darcy, Wickham seemed convinced that Darcy would not let him 'ruin' a gentleborn woman. He seemed determined to work on Darcy's weakness for saving a damsel in distress. But Darcy arriving unexpectedly put paid to that idea as they now needed to move quickly." Colonel Fitzwilliam sat in rapt attention as Forster relayed this information but something about the nature of it was disturbing him and he could not let the moment pass without finding out how he should have come by such good intelligence, "If I may be so bold as to ask you how you came by such detailed information, Forster?" "Apparently, when Wickham was in his cups, he confessed the whole sorry tale to one of his friends with the corp. of his intentions. Denny, though usually loyal to Wickham, found his own conscience plagued and he himself did confess to me of what he knew." "What, may I ask, have you done to deter the scoundrel and his accomplice, Forster?" "This is why I'm relieved you're here now, Fitzwilliam, being connected, however loosely, to Wickham as you are maybe you might know where he might have gone now that his plan has been foiled?" "I may have an idea and I'll get people I trust to keep a close eye on his whereabouts, if he can be located quickly enough, if not, then our only hope lies with Darcy's superior knowledge of Wickham's true character and the lengths he will go to to try and cover his tracks, and hope that he has the right of it. Now, you said Wickham planned to bring Miss Lydia Bennet with him? If not to marry her, then for what purpose?" When Forster turned a rouge colour, Fitzwilliam made a good guess. "Good God man! Do you mean he meant to sell her into servitude or some such for money?!" The other colonel let out a long suffering sigh and replied, "That would be my guess, sadly." "Is there no end to his depravity, his wickedness or indeed, his villainy?! I thought him bad to the core before, but this, this is a new low even for him!"
Chapter 14 "I'm afraid that is not all, Fitzwilliam. Wickham leaves behind a trail of debts and according to Denny, in exchange for handing over Miss Lydia Bennet, he was also to gather intelligence on your cousin and offer him up for ransom when he caught up with him at the docks in London. There are men on the lookout for a man of your cousin's stature. Luckily for you, if you were to warn him in time, you may avert the danger and in turn capture Wickham in the act. You would kill two birds with one stone. Capture Wickham and you infiltrate the ring of criminals with whom he has involved himself. We just need a plan of action in order to get this done. It is fortunate indeed that we both have strategic minds!" "I cannot believe that Wickham has masterminded this operation by himself, you may be right, he may have a friend or two in high places. But who would Darcy have angered enough to have perpetrate this?" Colonel Fitzwilliam paced the study while Forster watched him and said with no small hint of resignation, "I have to admit I'm none the wiser, but you know your cousin best; can you think of anyone?" Richard suddenly halted in surprise as a frightening thought came to him. No... it couldn't possibly be...could it? Surely not... "I need to contact my father immediately, Forster, with your permission, I'd like to send an express?" "By all means, colonel. This study is at your disposal. If you would be so kind as to inform me of your plan once you are done, I would be most grateful as I am anxious to help in any way that I can, I was responsible for Miss Lydia Bennet's welfare while she was under my care after all." "I do not have a plan as yet but I assure you I have one tenuous one forming. Give me but a moment to write this missive and we shall continue our discussion. I fear I may have to trespass on your time a while longer." Having written to his father and Darcy, Fitzwilliam joined Forster in some refreshment before they concluded their discussion. "I believe you had more you wished to share with me, sir?" "Indeed I do, however, I am not sure how welcome this information will be as I fear it may bring more work for you and your cousin. And I still wish to hear your newly formed plan also, but this is, for the moment, of greater importance." "If there is work to be done then pray tell me so at once, my good man..." Colonel Forster blanched and took a moment to collect his thoughts before turning back to the man who was patiently waiting to hear what he had to say. "Very well... As you know, Captain Denny came to see me last evening and he told me of more than just Miss Lydia Bennet's planned abduction..." Fitzwilliam's eyebrows rose of their own accord as he listened to Colonel Forster's newest account. "Dear God, this is far worse than I could have imagined! For I have just formed a slight suspicion against one of the parties you have just alluded to; and the problem I now have is how am I ever to prepare Darcy for the depth of betrayal he will feel when he knows all?!" A/N: My apologies for the shortness of this chapter but it was needed to work as a bridge to the second half of this tale. I hope you have enjoyed this story so far. See you all very soon...
