Elizabeth knew she should not be happy that Jane was feeling poorly. But truly a walk to Meryton became a decidedly less pleasant prospect when their Cousin, Mr. Collins, was practically assigned to chaperone them. Her father, she knew, was desperate to evict the man from his library but she resented having him foisted on herself and her sisters. Their mother had been a willing accomplice as Elizabeth suspected she had begun to see their awkward guest as an answer to her most fervent prayer – a husband for one of her daughters. Though which one was still a question which worried Elizabeth They had all set out together, to Mrs. Bennet's enthusiastic farewells. But when they had almost completed their journey Jane, with many words of apology, gave the party to understand that she did not feel equal to continuing. Having only recently recovered from an illness of several days duration this caused understandable concern. That is to say it caused two of her sisters' concern, it caused great consternation for the youngest sisters who had been greatly anticipating the trip. They intended to seek the officers whose company they had come to desire so keenly. These wishes were proclaimed loudly while Elizabeth chastised them for their lack of concern for their sister. "Of course Jane must return." Kitty said, not unkindly. "But Lydia and I can go on by ourselves. We will be back for dinner." She put in, probably hoping it would persuade her clearly reluctant elders sisters and placate her barely restrained younger one. "Yes indeed, Lizzie. I would like to see how you can prevent us." Lydia declared in her typically bold fashion. Although they were merely on the lane which led to town it was not secluded and several people had already passed in each direction. Lydia well knew her sister was loathe to make a scene while she herself was happy to provide one if it got her her own way. Elizabeth considered this against the scenes which would surely arise if Lydia and Kitty went to town unaccompanied in their current state of euphoria over the officers. She liked to think the solution she hit upon had to do only with her sisters and her family's reputation and nothing at all to do with her desire to rid herself of her supercilious cousin. "Very well, Lydia you Kitty may continue on to Meryton. I'll not oppose the scheme. However, I would request our cousin provide you the benefit of his presence as a proper chaperone." Lydia's expression went from triumph to dismay in a mere moment. Before she could object Mr. Collins was offering some platitude on his desire to be of use to his family and his situation as a clergyman being the perfect position to offer such assistance. This did not surprise Elizabeth at all. What did was when Mary requested that she be one of the party to continue on to town. "If you do not need me to assist you, Jane?" She asked her eldest sister. "No of course, Mary. Elizabeth will see to me. Your help with Lydia and Kitty would be most appreciated." Jane smiled. Elizabeth, noting Jane really did look quite tired, bid farewell to the rest of the party and offered her sister her arm for support as they set off for their home. "Why do you suppose Mary chose to go on to Meryton." Elizabeth asked unable to account for their usually socially reticent sister's decision. "I am uncertain, but I suppose she may have been concerned that Mr. Collins would be overwhelmed with our sisters' behavior once they reached Meryton." Jane said with a faint blush. Both Elizabeth and Jane knew well how their youngest sisters had been when it came to the officers lately quartered at Meryton and perhaps forcing Mr. Collins to witness and attempt to bear responsibility for their behavior had not been a wise move. However, the decision could not be undone as Jane's situation required Elizabeth's immediate attention. The sisters walked on together toward Longbourn walking slowly to accommodate Jane. Elizabeth kept Jane's mind well occupied by anything but her physical state with tales of her adventures to previous day. "Mrs. Hale was not well pleased with me." She concluded one story. "Well," Jane responded with a tired smile, "she must have thought you quite improper for climbing the tree yourself." "That was not was displeased her at all." Elizabeth clarified." "Come to find out, she encourages her cats up the large oak regularly for the purpose of seeking assistance from Mr. Forsythe." "No." "Yes! My rescue, which I thought quite heroic, rendered his aid quite unnecessary and foiled the purpose of the scheme. She was quite put out." Jane laughed at this, but Elizabeth perceived that she was very nearly spent. Discerning some logs up ahead at a bend in the road she led her sister to them and declared they would rest for a time. "I really felt fine when we set out." Jane said as she acceded to Elizabeth's suggestion and sat down. "But now, as you can see, I am clearly not well. I am sorry to give so much trouble." "Well, you should not be as you know I like nothing better than to be of use to you." Elizabeth assured her sister trying to hide her worry. Before Jane could respond, the sound of approaching horses had them turning their heads toward the road in the direction of Meryton. Two riders appeared and the sisters quickly perceived them to be Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy, their neighbors from Netherfield where Jane had recently stayed unexpectedly while recovering from the illness which was now apparently recurring. The appearance of these particular gentlemen affected the ladies quite differently. Jane had begun to think very highly of Mr. Bingley. Although she tried not to form a serious attachment, she did not think it proper until the gentleman showed his preference more clearly, in the privacy of her own heart she admitted she was well on her way to liking him very much indeed. Elizabeth supported these private thoughts which truth be told were perhaps not as private as Jane might wish. Although Jane could conceal her feelings, thoughts and preferences from the rest of the world they were quite plain to her dear sister and best friend. Therefore, Elizabeth liked Mr. Bingley, for her sister, a great deal and believed the preference Jane felt for him was mutual. As for his friend however, there was no such good will. Mr. Darcy had impressed the neighborhood, almost from his first moments entering it, with his conceit and his very evident belief in his own superiority. Normally a handsome wealthy gentleman with reputed connections to the nobility will be well liked despite a little rudeness and aloofness but Mr. Darcy was more than a little anything and perhaps more significantly he had maligned Elizabeth prior to even being introduced to her by declaring her merely tolerable and not handsome enough to tempt him to a dance. As an admired beauty and beloved member of Hertfordshire society this insult was felt by almost everyone and Mr. Darcy was universally disliked for it. Not that the gentleman seemed to either know or care. None but Jane seemed inclined to think well of him and she merely as one with a kind heart and predisposed to like any friend of Mr. Bingley's cautioned judgment against one about whom so little was known. Although Elizabeth disliked one of the approaching gentleman quite decidedly her regard for the other combined with her concern for her sister made her really glad to see them. "Miss Bennet, Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Bingley said as soon as her could discern the ladies. He quickly dismounted and made his way to them. Elizabeth rose to greet them but bid Jane to remain where she was. "We were just on our way to Longbourn to inquire after your recovery." This was said with a look of inquire at Jane, still seated now some distance behind. Elizabeth had come to stand on the road where the gentleman had stopped with their horses. "We thank you, Mr. Bingley and but an hour ago when we set off toward Meryton we would have reported that my sister had fully recovered, but I am afraid that sometime during our journey she became aware of being fatigued and so we turned round. The walk has proved taxing and so we have stopped to rest." Mr. Bingley looked truly stricken at this news and at first did not know what to say. Elizabeth was afraid Mr. Darcy would suspect she and Jane of some manipulation to gain his friend's attention. He needed no further reasons to look down on the Bennet family as he had made his disdain perfectly clear during her stay at Netherfield to tend Jane. But how could they have known the gentlemen would be on this road and one look at Jane must confirm her story. Indeed, both did look at her sister and when they turned back to her what she from them was nothing but concern. Although more open from Mr. Bingley she could still clearly see it on Mr. Darcy's face as well. It relieved her not to be suspected because to be fair her mother had manipulated Jane into the original horseback ride in the rain which caused the illness in the first place. However, such thoughts were of no use now. All that mattered was getting Jane home. "Miss Elizabeth, might we offer some assistance?" Mr. Darcy asked in a gentler voice than she was used to hearing from him. "Yes, please we must be of some use." Bingley seconded. "I am certain Jane would benefit from a stronger arm than mine for the remaining walk to Longbourn." Elizabeth offered though she wished there was more that could be done as she was not certain Jane was equal to the task of walking anymore. "I would be happy to escort Miss Bennet." Bingley moved toward Jane who had remained perched on her log. He greeted her and they began to speak. "Miss Elizabeth, I know it might not be the most comfortable solution but might your sister not ride back on Mr. Bingley's horse? He could then ride Zeus, my horse, and lead his getting them home swiftly." Elizabeth had not considered that. Although not saddled properly for Jane to ride it was not as if she had never ridden side-saddle without the proper equipment and if Bingley led the horse and she simply held the pommel she would be perfectly situated for the remaining distance to Longbourn. "If Jane is amenable I think your solution a good one." As it happened Jane was amenable and she and Mr. Bingley departed quickly. Elizabeth had not foreseen that this resolution would result in her being in Mr. Darcy's company for the better part of a half hour. Assuming he would prefer silence, as he had ignored her entirely for the last half hour they spent alone together at Netherfield, Elizabeth did not bother to give him any attention and focused on the road and getting home to tend Jane. "Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Darcy said with a look of some concern or exasperation. He was already a ways behind her. Indeed, he seemed to have not moved at all. Elizabeth turned and noticed he held his arm to her. She moved back to where he stood. "I am sorry I did not realize you were speaking." She said quickly and then, because what choice did she have, took his arm. "So it would seem. It took three tries." "Three tries, Sir?" "I said your name three times before you answered me." He clarified. "That is quite a few." She smiled in embarrassment. "You must have begun to wonder if you had gotten the wrong Bennet sister." He looked at her for a long moment before answering. "Not at all, Miss Elizabeth." He laughed a little, a sound she had not heard before. "I would never mistake you for anyone else. I have never met anyone like you in all my travels. No one could ever mistake Elizabeth Bennet for someone else. At least I could not." Elizabeth, knowing of Mr. Darcy's contempt for her knew this to be an insult of the severest order so she turned to scold him. How dare he be so bold with his mockery, did he think she was a simpleton who could not understand him? But when she looked up at him what she saw in his eyes was not contempt, scorn or derision. It was desire, admiration and respect.
Elizabeth looked at him with uncertainty, sure she was misreading his expression, now unsure about what he intended his words to mean. That Mr. Darcy was a proud man who disliked Herefordshire society in general and her in particular were truths Elizabeth had firmly established in her mind almost as soon as he had entered the neighborhood. His words and expression now seemed contrary to her preconceived notions. Before she could reconcile what he might have meant or what his long look might portend Mr. Darcy seemed to recollect himself and she watched as his previous expression, the proud haughty one she had been so accustomed to, descended, like a mask, over his face. His arm was still extended to her and so Elizabeth chose to take it without comment. They began their journey to Longbourn at a brisk pace, both being excellent walkers. There was no conversation for some time and Elizabeth kept returning to Mr. Darcy's words and wondering what he could have meant by them. If it were not for that fleeting look of admiration she would have been certain that he had intended them as an insult, but she realized that if she had not viewed him so disapprovingly she may have heard them as a compliment in the first place. In the end, she decided it did not signify. Mr. Darcy could think what he chose, Elizabeth need not concern herself with it. As it turned out; however, Mr. Darcy's plans did not align with Elizabeth's. "I hope I did not discomfort you with my words, Miss Elizabeth." He said without looking at her. "You are not usually so quiet." Of course they had, but Elizabeth was now not entirely certain as to why. Nor was she at all inclined to discuss it. "Not at all, Mr. Darcy." She assured him with false levity. However, she could not resist adding, "I am only surprised you could find me so singular. I lack all of the accomplishments both you and Miss Bingley require of a lady. I would think I am like all of the other ladies you find not tolerable enough hereabouts." She had not intended to go that far, but now that the words were out Elizabeth stole a glance at her companion to see how he bore it. They kept walking and it seemed for a while as if the silence would go uninterrupted. Perhaps Mr. Darcy was not one to either understand or respond to criticism. Then, as they reached a bend in the road he halted their progress and turned to face her. "You heard my remarks to Mr. Bingley at the Assembly." He said, his voice devoid of any emotion. "I did." She confirmed. "Miss Elizabeth," he began, then seemed uncertain as to what to say next for some moments. Elizabeth, who had been steadfastly avoiding looking directly at him now risked a glance and what she saw, she decided must be added to her quickly growing library of new and heretofore unseen Mr. Darcy expressions – chagrin and perhaps shame. In addition, she was experiencing an entirely new emotion with regards to Mr. Darcy – sympathy. "Come now, Mr. Darcy. It was some time ago and we cannot be held accountable for everything that is said at a ball. You must not dwell on it. I shudder to think how severely I could be reprimanded if all of my words from that night were examined too closely." She had intended her words to relieve him of the concern he clearly felt for his careless and rude statement regarding her that night, but suddenly she knew what she said was true. If her own words were inspected as well she too would be found wanting. She certainly had not stopped to consider his feelings when she shared with friends and neighbors what he had said and what she thought about the newest addition to their neighborhood as a result. He seemed to consider this for a moment. "While no one's behavior on any occasion, if examined too closely, could be deemed without fault I cannot excuse myself so easily nor imagine you are in need of any pardon at all. My words were unacceptable, ungentlemanly and untrue. I know it is entirely too long in coming but I hope you will accept my apology, Miss Elizabeth." Elizabeth took several moments to consider his words and he stood regarding her closely as she did so. Previously she assumed this type of close scrutiny from Mr. Darcy meant he was looking to find fault. She imagined now he was only looking to see how she would respond. His scowl was perhaps not a look of criticism but one of concentration? It was certainly preferable to be concentrated on than criticized but it did raise the question – why? She could explain why he would look at her so often if he was doing so to find something to criticize but if he was merely concentrating on her – why? Regardless, this was certainly not the Mr. Darcy to whom Elizabeth had become accustomed. He was offering looks of admirations, compliments and apologies. Who was this man? Whoever he was he was waiting for an answer. All of these thoughts had taken some time and the silence had grown. Well, if Mr. Darcy could apologize then Elizabeth Bennet could be gracious. "Of course I accept your apology, Mr. Darcy." She said turning back toward the road indicating they should continue walking. They resumed their journey in a silence that was not entirely uncomfortable. For the first time since the assembly Elizabeth was not inclined to challenge and discompose the handsome Mr. Darcy and she found herself uncertain as to how to interact with him beyond that. "I am confident Mr. Bingley and Miss Bennet will have reached Longbourn by now. You can be assured your sister is receiving the care she needs." Mr. Darcy offered after several minutes. These kind words were further proof that this Mr. Darcy was not the one she had known these past weeks. It also reminded her of why they had found themselves together on the road in the first place. "I thank you." She replied determined to focus on what mattered most and not the riddle of the apparently ever-changing Mr. Darcy. "I hope it is nothing more than her having exerted herself too much too soon after her illness." "I hope so as well, but I know you will feel better when you are able to attend her yourself." Elizabeth looked up at her companion surprised at his accurate insight. "Indeed I will." She confirmed. There was no more conversation between the two before reaching their destination. Elizabeth's thoughts vacillated between Jane's illness and her confusing companion. She worried Jane's illness was truly dire this time and was concerned that the fact that she had not truly recovered was indicative of something serious. She tried to puzzle out Mr. Darcy and return to her former prejudice by explaining away his behavior of the past half hour in any way that did not result in his being any way but proud, haughty and disdainful. Neither train of thought resulted in any satisfaction. When the pair arrived at Longbourn they discovered that Mr. Bingley had remained after seeing Jane safely home. Ostensibly this was to await his friend so the two could set off for Netherfield together, but it was clear he hoped to remain long enough to hear the report of the apothecary who had been immediately sent for by a concerned Mr. Bennet while a rapturous Mrs. Bennet saw only that Mr. Bingley had been so solicitous as to escort her beautiful Jane home. Elizabeth only stayed below long enough to greet Mr. Bingley and thank him and Mr. Darcy for helping Jane to get home so quickly before she left them to see to Jane with only a fleeting regret about subjecting them to her mother and her mother to Mr. Darcy's disdain.
Fortunately, Mr. Jones, who to his credit arrived within the hour, was not overly concerned. He agreed with Elizabeth's assessment that this was likely a case of Jane having asserted herself too much too soon into her recovery. Recommending rest and an herbal tea Elizabeth well knew how to prepare he left with promises to return in several days' time to check on Jane's progress. Elizabeth was greatly relieved. After seeing Jane comfortably resting in their room she went to prepare a cup of the tea for when her sister awoke. Upon turning the corner at the bottom of the stairs on her way to the stillroom her progress was arrested by the last person she expected to see in that part of the house. "Mr. Darcy!" His surprise was almost equal to hers which seemed unfair as it was her house. "I apologize for startling you, Miss Elizabeth." Since he had done precisely that Elizabeth could only nod in acceptance of the apology and swallow her question as to what he was doing there in the first place. "Your mother invited Mr. Bingley and I to stay for dinner." He said after a moment. "I went to check on our horses." He looked as if he meant to say more, seemed awkward at this small admission, and she could not resist teasing him not certain if she meant to discompose or put him at ease. "Really, Mr. Darcy your desire was to avoid the company of my mother you could have invented a better excuse than visiting your four-legged friends who I am certain were being well cared for by Mr. Abernathy. Perhaps you felt a swoon coming on or an urgent matter of business arose and demanded immediate attention?" He nearly smiled at this. Elizabeth saw is coming in his eyes, but as it reached his mouth and threatened to turn its corners up they seemed to protest the unusual activity and turned down instead. As was their custom. "No indeed I had not sought to avoid anyone's company." He said in the hesitant voice she was beginning to grow accustomed to. She suspected this was the truth but not all of it. With a raise of her eyebrows she encouraged him to continue. They stood in a narrow hallway in the back of Longbourn. Her mother would have been horrified had she known Elizabeth was detaining the great Mr. Darcy in such a lowly part of the house. While it was true Mrs. Bennet did not care for their exalted neighbor this certainly did not mean she wanted to do anything but impress him and this situation would undoubtedly not do that. However, Elizabeth felt he did not seem uncomfortable in their surroundings but perhaps at the prospect of returning to the very proper sitting room. What she did not know was why. "Your sisters have returned from Meryton." He said. "Now I begin to understand you, Mr. Darcy." She smiled. "You mean to avoid the melee." For this she could not entirely blame him. What she wanted to know was was his avoidance based on a haughty disdain for all of the current inhabitants of her home or was he perhaps . . . shy? This was an idea that had not occurred to her before. Indeed, she had been certain of her assessment of Mr. Darcy's character up until a few hours ago, but now after one and a half conversations she was wondering if his having wounded her pride so egregiously before they even met clouded her judgment more than she had realized. "Perhaps." He allowed, submitting it to her as if awaiting judgment. When not frozen in a mask of indifference and judgment his features really were quite pleasant. "Have you met my cousin Mr. Collins?" She asked, curious for his impressions of the silly man. It was probably unwise in this nascent stage of an almost truce to challenge him with such absurdity. If anything would invite the return of the haughty and proud Mr. Darcy it would be her ridiculous relation. "No, I have not had that pleasure. Your youngest sisters had just returned and they did mention that a cousin and your sister Mary were some distance behind them when I excused myself to attend to the horses." "Yes, we now return to the issue of your inability to conjure reasonable excuses for absenting yourself from company. I would have thought someone who I do not doubt has had some practice at it would be better at it by now." "You have sketched my character so thoroughly on such a short acquaintance?" He asked sounding quite put out and Elizabeth would have felt herself chastised were it not for the continued absence of the Darcy scowl. Were they in fact have a congenial conversation here in the back hallway of Longbourn while he hid from her family. "Perhaps I have. As I indicated at Netherfield I do enjoy complicated characters and I believe you are one of those. However, I do require more information to thoroughly sketch you." "And how may I provide this information as I would be no means suspend any pleasure of yours." He responded and this time one side of his mouth definitely turned up in an almost smile. True insight into his character would likely come from his behavior upon being introduced to Mr. Collins. This would certainly add to her sketch of Mr. Darcy and resolve any lingering doubts she had about his being as proud and unpleasant as she first believed. How would he react to the simpering and obsequious man? She was again of two minds. At once eager to return to her former dislike and reluctant to lose this softer almost congenial Mr. Darcy. In any case, it would be better to know the truth of him sooner rather than later. "Presently I must prepare a tea for my sister." She said knowing this would appear to not answer his question. "You mean to test my knowledge of herbal remedies?" "Would you pass such a test?" She asked moving toward the still room. He fell into step with her, their shoulders almost touching in the narrow hallway. They arrived at the doorway to find Mrs. Hill within. "Miss Lizzie, Mr. Jones told me that Miss Jane needed the special tea made and so I have brewed it and sent it up to her. Martha brought it and will sit with her." "Thank you, Hill." Elizabeth said then turning to Mr. Darcy to suggest they return to the parlor together. "I am sorry to have lost the opportunity to demonstrate my tea-making ability and to leave you in further doubt as to my character." Mr. Darcy said sounding genuine. "Not at all Mr. Darcy. Although I would have been impressed had you proven adept in the still room, the information I seek with regards to your character will be revealed when we join the rest of my family and Mr. Bingley." With that she led the way to the front of the house. As they entered Elizabeth quickly saw that Mr. Collins and Mary had now returned. She turned to Mr. Darcy to make the introduction, but before she could get a word out Mr. Collins rushed forward. "Mr. Darcy my young cousins have just given me to understand that you are the nephew of the noble Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Please believe that only my ignorance of this fact has prevented me from making myself known to you before now. I am blessed to be the recipient of Lady Catherine's bounty and beneficence. It is within my power to assure you that your Aunt and cousin, the lovely Miss Anne de Bourgh were in the best of health two days ago." As he made this speech Mr. Collins neither paused for breath nor rose from the half bowed position he initially folded himself into upon approaching Mr. Darcy. That gentleman looked surprised at being thus accosted before being fully allowed to enter the room and uncertain as to how to reply. Elizabeth watched as he seemed to form a reply, his haughty demeanor firmly back in place, but before he spoke he looked up at her and she couldn't hide her expectant smile.
My profuse apologies for the fact that this late and short! I hope to make amends by posting another chapter soon. Thanks so much for the follows and favorites – so happy that people are enjoying it and really appreciate the feedback! Elizabeth could not help but smile wider as she could see even as his mask of haughty indifference slipped back into place that Mr. Darcy recognized her test as soon as their eyes met. Lifting her brows in challenge she moved to quietly take a seat and that she might watch the scene unfold. Once again Mr. Darcy had other plans. "Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Darcy said before she made good her escape, "I believe this is your cousin who you were so eager to introduce to me." With that he turned toward her, an eager expectant expression on his face and his brows raised in a matching challenge to hers. It was hard to believe but Elizabeth was fairly certain Mr. Darcy was teasing her. He had quickly discerned that her cousin was the means by which she would study his character and he was either refusing to play the game or, it seemed, he was insisting she play too. "Of course, Mr. Darcy." She said, unwilling to back down, "this is our cousin Mr. Collins. Mr. Collins, this as you have correctly surmised is Mr. Darcy." "Sir, it is always a pleasure to meet any acquaintance of my fair cousins'." Mr. Collins began, not giving Mr. Darcy a chance to even acknowledge him. "However in this instance the pleasure is considerably enhanced by knowing that you are the nephew of my noble patroness, the cousin of her fair daughter and that I can provide you the pleasure of answering any questions you might have about the present comfort or activities of your noble relations. I assure you I am at your disposal." Mr. Darcy looked slightly less confused by this speech than the first, perhaps having been prepared for some form of superciliousness this time. "I assure you I have no such questions." He said when he was allowed to respond. As he continued Elizabeth noted that while his voice could certainly not be called warm neither did it hold a trace of hauteur which one could reasonably expect from any man in response to such absurdity and which one absolutely expected from the proud Mr. Darcy. "My regular correspondence with both Lady Catherine and Miss De bourgh keep me well informed as to their well being and the goings on at Rosings Park." He had turned his attention to Mr. Collins as he conversed with the man, but during the last part of his response he looked pointedly at Elizabeth. She thought she understood him. "We understand your Aunt is a great lady." Mrs. Bennet broke in to the conversation, having previously been occupied with Mr. Bingley and her youngest daughters discussing Jane's health and the latter's visit to Meryton. "You must come and tell us all about her." Indicating the seat next to her Mrs. Bennet looked up expectantly at Mr. Darcy. For his part Mr. Darcy looked caught and without being completely certain as to why Elizabeth decided to save him. "Mama, you must excuse Mr. Darcy he has recently expressed to me his very great admiration for the gardens around Longbourn and a wish to see more of them. I had just promised him a tour." When her mother did not look entirely convinced, likely weighing the prospect of learning more of Mr. Darcy's exalted position and keeping him in the company of the daughters she deemed most amiable against complying with his wishes Elizabeth moved to take the matter out of her mother's hands. 'You know Mr. Collins can provide you a great deal of information about Lady Catherine and delights in doing so and I would not wish to deny Mr. Darcy's particular request." With that she turned to Mr. Darcy arching her brows in her mother's direction – they seemed quite able to communicate this way. 'Yes," he said after looking at Elizabeth for a long moment. "I am quite indebted to Miss Elizabeth for agreeing to my request." It was not much, Elizabeth thought, but it should be enough to tip the scales. "Very well." Mrs. Bennet conceded, but before Elizabeth could sigh in relief she added, "Mr. Collins, why do you not join them. You too would enjoy seeing the pretty wilderness that surrounds our home, I am quite certain." In the two days since his arrival Mr. Collins had ventured outdoors only when absolutely necessary and then with great reluctance. Her mother's machinations could only mean one thing – she was the daughter chosen to be the next mistress of Longbourn. Either Mr. Collins or Mrs. Bennet was singling her out for this unwanted honor. This was something of a predicament. Fortunately, being a member of the Bennet family made Elizabeth something of an expert at managing predicaments. "Mr. Collins is of course welcome to join us outdoors, however; I would hate for him to miss an opportunity to partake of Hill's blueberry tarts and speak of Lady Catherine with those who so desire hear about her goodness and greatness." Mr. Collins looked torn and so Elizabeth pressed her advantage. Indicating with a sweep of her hand that Mr. Darcy should follow she left the room by the same door they had entered. "Mr. Darcy I do apologize if . . ." she began as soon as they had gained the small landing. "Not at all, Miss Elizabeth," he interrupted. 'I appreciate your demonstrating to me that skill which you earlier claimed I lacked. I now see how to effectively excuse myself from company in such a way that is plausible and brooks no opposition." She was taken aback because it was now clear Mr. Darcy was in fact teasing her. "I am glad to see you are amenable to such lessons, Mr. Darcy." She said after a moment. "I do mean to show you our little piece of wilderness, however we must do something first." "Lead the way." Mr. Darcy stood aside as she stepped into the kitchen. When she returned moments later he had a question. "I assume that stop was to ensure a delivery of blueberry tarts to the sitting room?" he asked with a smile. Elizabeth was distracted both by his insight in to her machinations and the fact that Mr. Darcy had a dimple on his right check. How singular. "Perhaps." She said with a smile of her own. "Shall we?"
The walk had been as revealing of Mr. Darcy's true character as Elizabeth had hoped although in a much different way that she had anticipated. Later as she reflected on it while tending to Jane that evening she wondered at the behavior of some of her family. She and Mr. Darcy had barely gotten past cursory observations about the weather, this plant and that flower when Mr. Collins emerged from around a bend in the path, huffing from the exertion of his sojourn from the house. "Cousin Elizabeth," he said when he finally caught his breath. "I found I could not miss an opportunity to join you after all." Elizabeth noted the telltale crumbs caught on the sides of his lips and decided he had indulged his sweet tooth but forbore to spend the afternoon waxing poetic about Lady Catherine in favor of her company. This was serious indeed. "I am certain Mr. Darcy perfectly understands my motivations and will support my desire to spend more time in the company of one whom I expect will soon become even more dear to me than a cousin." This was too much. To come so near to declaring himself in front of a person practically unknown to himself and the family, to assume an understanding and to act accordingly in front of others. This behavior needed to be addressed. Elizabeth took a deep breath and summoned as much Jane as she had within to respond in the way she felt her kinder more patient sister would. She still wasn't certain it had been the correct decision. Perhaps a crushing set down in the presence of Mr. Darcy would have discouraged him more thoroughly. As it was he seemed merely amused at her attempts to disabuse him of the notion that she would soon become the long desired fourth player at Lady Catherine's whist table. It was not surprising that Mr. Collins desired to impress Mr. Darcy. Therefore, he directed his long speeches about his own worthy position, his connection to Lady Catherine and his benevolent intentions toward the Bennet family to that gentleman. The surprising turn in the conversation came from Mr. Darcy who though wearing his Darcy mask, as Elizabeth had begun to think of it, listened without interruption and answered questions as they were asked. Although the latter was invariably with one word whenever possible. This she did not fault him for as Mr. Collins' conversation was as stupid as it was abundant. Just as she was beginning to almost enjoy the afternoon as she and Mr. Darcy shared an occasional look of disbelief or exasperation when their companion said something particularly absurd Kitty and Lydia had joined them. Elizabeth at first believed they had been commissioned by their mother, but later learned Lydia had her own motives for her entrance and shocking behavior in the garden that afternoon. "Mamma thought Mr. Darcy might not enjoy playing chaperone." Lydia giggled. Elizabeth's color rose, but before she could respond Kitty, ever her eager assistant added, "yes and she thought we might prove more lively company for him in any case." Mr. Darcy glanced briefly at Elizabeth and she saw that his mask was gone, replaced by a look of true concern. For her, she believed. It was another indication of his having a kinder nature than she had before given him credit for. "I have in no way felt ill used." He said firmly. "You may tell your mother I am perfectly satisfied." With this he looked at Elizabeth and offered her a small smile, one dimple appeared. "O come now Mr. Darcy." Lydia persisted. "We all know how you feel about Lizzie. You need not pretend with us. You don't like her and you think she isn't pretty which is worse if you ask me. But it's fine because she doesn't like you either. In fact I believe she hates you more than she has ever hated anyone so we have come to rescue you both. Mr. Collins, you and Lizzie must go inside with Mamma and Kitty and I will keep Mr. Darcy company." Elizabeth was more than mortified at this point. Lydia's behavior and words were shocking. But for once Elizabeth felt more her own misconduct, believing that she was in that moment the Bennet sister most deserving of reprimand. During their conversation on the road Mr. Darcy had offered an apology for his words at the assembly. She had merely hinted at her own unworthy behavior and offered no apology in any case. Now to have her dislike of him declared so matter of factly to the gentleman himself she felt fully the weight of her own imprudence at declaring it so often and so indiscreetly since their first encounter. When would she learn to be more like Jane? A glance at Mr. Darcy revealed that Lydia's thoughtless words had made an impact, but only because she looked to him immediately upon Lydia's declaration and saw a look of hurt flash in his eyes right before the mask slipped back in to place. He then raised a brow at her and she wished she didn't know what it meant. He was daring her to deny it which of course she couldn't do. But she could explain or she could have if in that moment a servant hadn't come to fetch her. Jane was awake, doing poorly and asking for her. Now as twilight fell Elizabeth had coaxed Jane back to sleep. She had not left her sister's side for a moment since she returned to her from the garden in the afternoon. The fever had returned and although it was only slight Elizabeth was sufficiently alarmed to insist on missing dinner and being the one to give Jane two more cups of tea. This was all she could get her to ingest which worried her. However, the fever had broken about an hour ago and Jane slept calmly and coolly so Elizabeth was left to ponder the events of the afternoon. That she had been wrong in her assessment of Mr. Darcy was clear. How wrong was yet to be determined. He might have more kindness than she had credited to him but he was still a proud man. And what of his words about her? That look of admiration? Had she merely imagined that? What troubled her most was that he must now believe she hated him. She had left him alone with her youngest sisters and Mr. Collins, a fate no sensible man deserved. It was impossible to know what further gossip was shared. What further truth, she admitted to herself. As she drifted off to sleep in the bed beside her sister she determined to find a way to offer an apology to Mr. Darcy. She had not been wrong to judge him proud and disagreeable. He had been both of those things. She had been wrong to speak of him so harshly to her family, her neighbors, all who would listen - making it almost impossible for him to find a ready welcome anywhere if he ever did want one. Making it difficult for him to make friends with . . . well with her for one. Now with her stated dislike between them their fragile peace forged on the road to Longbourn felt like a very shaky beginning to a very unlikely friendship. But what she was certain of now is that she did desire it, that friendship so she would try.
Elizabeth had begun to think that she was being punished. That she was perhaps being forced to do penance for her past wrongs – which she knew were numerous. It seemed a reasonable explanation. When she had desired nothing more than to neither converse with or even see Mr. Darcy she was constantly in his company. Now when she wanted very much to speak with him she had not so much as seen him for three days, not since their ill-fated walk in the gardens of Longbourn. To add insult to injury the one person whom she had seen most frequently was the persistent Mr. Collins. Mr. Darcy was nowhere, not in the sitting room with Mr. Bingley who came each day to hear news of Jane's recovery, not on the road between Netherfield and Longbourn where Elizabeth walked one morning in the vain hope he would do the same, not in Meryton where she had gone with her sisters to visit their Aunt Phillips. However, present at each of these moments was Mr. Collins. His presence as unwelcome and constant as Mr. Darcy's was desired and absent. And so by Thursday Elizabeth was nearly ready to run away from home. At least as long as Mr. Collins laid his head under its roof. These were the thoughts that consumed Elizabeth as she sat with her mother and Jane, who was well enough to come below stairs for the first time. Mr. Collins was, of course, also with them and as Elizabeth considered her undesirable circumstances he was expounding on the wisdom and beneficence of the honorable Lady Catherine De Bourgh. He sprinkled his riveting bits of nothing about Lady Catherine with the occasional hint regarding the joy Elizabeth's imminent acquaintance with her ladyship would bring. Mrs. Bennet nearly squealed with delight at such evidence of his intentions. Jane looked uncomfortable, as she knew her sister's thoughts and feelings on the matter. Elizabeth was long past subtle eye rolls and demur subject changes. She was now courting disagreements with their guest and antagonizing him by design. During one such conversation where Mr. Collins had no notion of her meaning as he continued to smile on her in naïve oblivion Mrs. Bennet, well acquainted with her least favorite daughter's habits of verbal abuse, interupted. "Elizabeth, you will excuse yourself immediately." She demanded. Mr. Collins seemed much surprised and Mrs. Bennet, not wanting to alert her future son-in-law to his intended's many flaws changed her tactic at once. "You must pardon our dear girl, Mr. Collins but we had forgotten that she is wanted by her father. He relies on her so much as you know. Quite a head for estate matters." Elizabeth, who had never heard her interest in the well-being of Longbourn mentioned by her mother as anything but a burden sat momentarily stunned. Then, realizing both her mother's intent and her chance for escape Elizabeth quickly complied with the request that she leave the room. Did her mother realize she was giving Elizabeth exactly what she most desired in that moment? If so it must have galled her to do so even if it was necessary to preserve the fiction of her desirability as a wife for their vapid relation. "Papa," Elizabeth said stepping quietly into her father's study. "Mama insisted I was needed by you for some matter regarding the estate." Mr. Bennet raised his eyebrows and Elizabeth understood the look. Mrs. Bennet was not interested in estate business. Her only interest was in the business of marrying her daughters to the most eligible gentlemen she could find. "Are you indicating you have no need of my assistance at this time?" she asked hopefully, already hearing the call of the outdoors. "Off you go child." He answered with a fond smile. "But be sure you are back before dinner or your mother will have both our heads." "Perhaps." Elizabeth agreed with an impish grin and quick embrace. "Or perhaps I will find a troop of gypsies who will take me in. If so I promise to write and tell you of my grand adventures." With that she was out the door intent on enjoying both her freedom and the sunshine. There were still the looming questions of Mr. Collins' alleged regard and Mr. Darcy's unfavorable perception of her opinions but for now she would banish all thoughts of both gentlemen and simply be grateful for a few hours of peace and fresh air. However, as fate would have it only minutes in to her sojourn Elizabeth was interrupted by one of the very men she had intended to put from her mind. "Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Darcy exclaimed in that shocked way he seemed to have when finding her in the very places she was most likely to be. In this case the lane beside her home. "Mr. Darcy." She returned the greeting with equal surprise and, she couldn't help but note, considerably more pleasure. He certainly appeared in no way happy with their unexpected encounter. His mask was firmly in place and he already seemed poised to flee from her presence as soon as good manners would permit it. When he remained silent she asked, "are you on your way to call at Longbourn?" "I rode here with Bingley who desired to call on Miss Bennet whose recovery we are pleased to learn is progressing. However, when we arrived I found I had no desire to be confined indoors on such a fine day and so begged to be excused." Forgetting her desire to explain herself to him. Forgetting she was firmly in the wrong between the two of them at this point being behind one owed apology all Elizabeth could think of was that Mr. Darcy continued to be the proud disagreeable man who thought himself too far above the neighborhood in general and her family in particular to even bother paying a courtesy call on her ill sister. "I understand that Longbourn and all its habitants are far from acceptable to you, but I would have thought that even the proud Mr. Darcy would be civil enough to pay his respects before escaping the undesirable company." If Elizabeth had wanted to see Mr. Darcy without his mask her wish was granted, and then some. At first he looked concerned, then shocked and finally infuriated. It was odd to see a face usually devoid of emotion show so many so quickly. After what felt like an eternity of looking at each other –Darcy clearly possessed by a righteous anger and Elizabeth equally so until she remembered that she misjudged this man before and had intended their next meeting to result in an apology. "I apologize for intruding on your time, Miss Elizabeth." He said at last. "Mr. Darcy," she called after he had turned to make his way, she presumed, to his horse and then Netherfield. "It is I who owe you an apology." She said. Still bothered by his refusal to see her family Elizabeth forced herself to focus only on her own failings. They were after all the only ones she could remedy. His being a proud disagreeable man who occasionally demonstrated glimpses of compassion and feeling was not something she could change. "I should not have spoken to you as I did just now." Although she intended to continue Mr. Darcy forestalled the rest of her apology. "I understand why you did." He said simply in that gentler voice she heard him use several times that day they walked together to Longbourn. "You believe I had rudely refused to pay my respects to your family because you rightly have a low opinion of me based on my earlier behavior. I had hoped we had reached a better understanding . . . but I realize I was mistaken." The mask was gone and Elizabeth almost wished it was not. Mr. Darcy looked at her, for just a moment, with such naked vulnerability that she wondered how her opinion could cause such a state. She had no desire for such power over such a man and could not fully trust her perception of his expression as it came and went so quickly and was so at odds with most of what she knew about him. Most of what she knew, but not all. And if she desired to learn more about this Mr. Darcy who peaked out on occasion she would need to set the record straight. "You were not mistaken, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth replied, his mask had returned but he turned toward her as if waiting to hear more. This was sufficient encouragement. "I too had hoped that you and I had begun to build a better understanding but I realized that before we could do so I needed to apologize." "But you have already done so." "Not merely for my unkind words this morning." She responded. "But though your reprimand was based on a false assumption I admire your willingness to support your family." "False assumption?" Elizabeth asked, again distracted from the task she had set for herself. "I had paid my respects to your family when Bingley and I first arrived." He began, surprising Elizabeth at the outset. "However, shortly thereafter your mother was needed by Mrs. Hill and she chose to take Mr. Collins with her. As your other sisters are from home this morning that left only myself, Mr. Bingley and Miss Bennet." Embarrassment and understanding dawned and Elizabeth rushed to forestall any further explanation. "I suppose if she could have contrived a way to remove you as well she would have." Elizabeth offered with a smile. "Once again I have been too quick to judge. I am not certain you and I can indeed be friends after all, Mr. Darcy as it seemed I am to be continually learning hard lessons at your hand. I am more accustomed to and more inclined toward being the teacher rather than the student." "It was not my intention to teach you any lesson this morning or at any other time, Miss Elizabeth." Mr. Darcy responded earnestly. "I hope therefore that you will overlook this incident and choose to offer your friendship as it would most gratefully be accepted." "I am afraid I cannot do that. Mr. Darcy," she said and then seeing his sober expression quickly added, "It would not do to forget a lesson so necessary to my own improvement. I have rushed to judgment far too often in your case and you seem far too quick to forgive this very serious fault." "I must confess I have never been accused of being too quick to forgive." He replied gravely, but with a half-smile that showed, just barely, that small dimple she had discovered during one of their first earnest talks. As she looked at him and wondered how she could have missed, so completely his humor, kindness and genuine good looks which appeared so evident now as he gazed down at her Elizabeth took the arm he offered and determined to start anew.
"I must confess I have never been accused of being too quick to forgive." He replied gravely, but with a half-smile that showed, just barely, that small dimple she had discovered during one of their first earnest talks. As she looked at him and wondered how she could have missed, so completely his humor, kindness and genuine good looks which appeared so evident now as he gazed down at her Elizabeth took the arm he offered and determined to start anew. "Well it should not surprise you at all that I must disagree with you and will insist on your conceding this point. You have been exposed to a very poor part of my character and have graciously chosen to overlook it. However, it is not only today that I have rushed to judgment regarding yourself," she sighed knowing she must make her apology now and her confession. "But at the Assembly . . ." "Miss Elizabeth, I beg you would not continue. There can be no blame to share from that evening. The fault is entirely mine." "That is not true, Mr. Darcy. Your words were harsh and unkind." She said, looking directly into his eyes and letting him see her hurt, unwilling to make light of his behavior. "But I was equally so in my response. I allowed my wounded pride to blind me to any good qualities you might possess and to guide all of our subsequent interactions. Your behavior can be no excuse for mine. In addition, you were a stranger here. I made it almost impossible for you to find a ready welcome. For all of that I apologize." "I cannot . . ." "Mr. Darcy, I have recently endowed you with the quality of graciousness. Are you now to be so lacking in it that you endeavor to prove me wrong so soon after my proclamation?" She smiled at him hoping this was the moment they could start anew. It was not often a man of sense and education came into their neighborhood and she was grateful to have the opportunity to explore an acquaintance with him now free from the encumbrances of their first impressions, if he would allow it. Allow her apology to stand alongside his and not insist they continue to dwell on their muddled beginnings. "I suppose that would be ungentlemanly of me." He offered after a long pause. "Indeed it would." She agreed with alacrity. "Now that we are in complete accord I suggest we put some distance between ourselves and Longbourn lest we have a repeat of the interruption we endured the other day." "Of course." He said with a smile and offering her his arm they exited by the far gate making their way down the lane. So began a pattern that would repeat itself over the course of the next few weeks. Mr. Darcy came to call each day with Mr. Bingley and their nascent friendship began to grow. They found common ground in books and a love of history and philosophy. They found opportunity for debate in differing opinions on almost everything else. It was only their shared love of the outdoors and ability to walk long distances at greater than average speeds that allowed them to occasionally escape the ever-present Mr. Collins and the increasingly on hand Miss Bingley. Thus, when, after the first week, the rain began and continued for several days it was a most unwelcome development to some and a relief to others. Although the drawing room of Longbourn was not was not as pleasant as the walk to Oakham mount or the even the road to Meryton they believed they could make do and continue their lively discourse among those present. "Miss Bennet, I am pleased to see you returned to health." Mr. Darcy greeted Jane on the second day the rain kept them all indoors. Miss Bingley was hard on his heels offering her own effusive congratulations to her friend on her recovery. However, as soon as Mr. Darcy moved away to find a seat Miss Bingley did likewise. The seat beside Elizabeth was, as usual, take by Mr. Collins. Thus, he chose to resume his old habit of standing apart and gazing out the window while the conversations of the others danced around him. "Mr. Bingley, as Jane is now well you promised I could name the day of your ball." Lydia proclaimed as she bounced into the room. "You must keep your word and I will insist you hold it soon for I have had no opportunity to dance with the officers since Sir William's gathering ages ago." "And the most handsome of them had not even arrived at that time." Kitty giggled. "Enough." Elizabeth admonished. Although she was grateful for any respite from her tedious conversation with Mr. Collins she was none the less embarrassed by her sisters' brash behavior. Lydia glared at her, but Mr. Bingley responded with his typical amiability. "I would be happy to comply, Miss Lydia. In fact, I am eager for a ball. What say you to tomorrow week?" "Charles, before you commit to such a plan perhaps you should discuss it more privately with your own party. As you know there may be some among us for whom a ball Is not a welcome prospect." "If you mean Darcy you are quite mistaken, Caroline." Charles told her with a smile at his friend who had turned around at the mention of his name. "He told me just this morning that he hoped I had not abandoned the idea of hosting a ball." "Is this true, Mr. Darcy? I am all astonishment." Miss Bingley said, attempting a lightness she did not quite achieve. "Why should you be?" Mr. Darcy asked. "I have recently been made to understand that balls are events to be eagerly anticipated and not avoided. So I have encouraged Bingley in his desire to host his own as I understand his neighbors would welcome the prospect. As would I." "I see you have been brought you around to my way of thinking, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth said with a laugh. "She can be very persuasive." Offered Jane. "Indeed." Mr. Darcy agreed with a smile. "After so many conversations on the subject how could I help but be converted." "You attribute your changed opinion to the quantity of our discourse rather than my very considerable skills at the art of persuasion?" "Not precisely, I mean only that after being exposed so regularly to your convincing views I had no choice but to be won over to your way of thinking." "Yes, exactly." Mr. Bingley agreed. "Miss Elizabeth can convince anyone of anything I am absolutely certain. This must be true if she has persuaded Darcy to look forward to a ball!" "Yes, yes Lizzie is amazing." Lydia said impatiently. "But you will set the date for certain? Miss Bingley does not seem especially eager." "Lydia, let us allow the Bingleys and Mr. Darcy to determine their plans on their own." Jane admonished with gentle firmness. "They will let us know what they have decided." Lydia rarely listened to anyone who attempted to advise or direct her, but on occasion, and likely when it seemed to suit her purposes, she listened to Jane. Therefore, she relented and gave her attention to a bonnet she intended to remake. When Mary asked Mr. Collins for his help in discerning a particularly difficult portion of Fordyce's sermons Mr. Darcy claimed the seat beside Elizabeth and they resumed a conversation they had begun the day previously regarding Napoleon and British war policy. Shortly thereafter Mrs. Hill announced the arrival of several additional guests. "Mr. Wickham and Mr. Denny"
My sincere apologies for the delay in this update. I wanted to get it up before my vacation but I did not so it had to wait until after and so that is the why of it. Thank you as always for reading, favoriting, following and most of all reviewing. It means a lot! This is my longest chapter yet so I hope that makes up – a little bit – for the long wait! From last time: Shortly thereafter Mrs. Hill announced the arrival of several additional guests. "Mr. Wickham and Mr. Denny" The new guests were welcomed by their hostess with her typical ebullient graciousness. "Mr. Wickham and Mr. Denny." Mrs. Bennet exclaimed. "Goodness me, we are quite a merry party this morning. But you have not yet met the party from Netherfield?" As her mother greeted the new arrivals, whom Elizabeth had met but once earlier in the week, she noticed her companion's reaction to their entrance. His entire body had stiffened at the mention of their names and his eyes even now were glued to them as they were being introduced to Miss Bingley, who looked flattered at whatever the dark haired soldier was saying. Elizabeth struggled to remember which was Mr. Wickham and which Mr. Denny as she considered the cause of Mr. Darcy's reaction. By the time they had been presented to Mr. Bingley and were before herself and Mr. Darcy his mask was firmly in place and the only indication that he was not entirely at ease was his left hand. He was slowly opening and closing it – making and releasing a fist. Not certain why or how she noticed Elizabeth looked up just as her mother was about to introduce the newcomers to her friend and she saw that the dark-haired soldier, who turned out to be Mr. Wickham, was staring at Mr. Darcy's flexing hand. Curious. "Mr. Darcy," Mrs. Bennet began, presenting the two gentlemen to the now standing Mr. Darcy. "May I present Mr. Wickham and Mr. Denny." "Mr. Denny it is a pleasure to meet you." He said in a pleasant voice generally reserved for Elizabeth and his own party. Then without turning to the gentleman in question he continued, in a voice far more typical of the haughty and aloof Mr. Darcy of his first arrival, "Mr. Wickham and I are acquainted." Mrs. Bennet who was rarely attuned to the nuances of social situations beyond the eligibility of the gentlemen in her neighborhood and the needs of her table did not sense anything amiss and took herself off to see to it that Jane and Bingley continued to have every opportunity to further their acquaintance. Mr. Denny who liked his new friend very much, especially his ability to attract pretty young ladies to their side, nevertheless recognized that before him stood a powerful man who was clearly upset with this friend. He chose to remove himself until he knew more. Kitty Bennet mentioned wanting to show him a bonnet and he suddenly had a desire to see it. Elizabeth looked between the two gentlemen, curiosity burning. Mr. Wickham looked defiantly uncomfortably. He continued to stare at Mr. Darcy in what felt like resentful silence while Mr. Darcy was examining his coat sleeve with meticulous rigor. Wishing Mr. Wickham would take himself away as his friend had so she could ask Mr. Darcy about their connection Elizabeth was uncertain about how to proceed sitting between two men standing in a seemingly combative stance. "Mr. Wickham would you care for some refreshment?" she asked at last when it was clear neither man was inclined to speak. "I thank you, Miss Elizabeth." He replied with a warm smile that was neither too familiar nor too aloof. "Although I have been to Longbourn but twice I must confirm its general reputation in the neighborhood as being a most hospitable home. I won't deny myself a chance to sample Mrs. Bennet's fare." Elizabeth could not help but smile at this compliment. It was true her mother was deficient in any number of areas but she was a good hostess who was well regarded in the neighborhood. Miss Bingley, and even Mr. Darcy, might look down on her family for many reasons but she was proud of her mother's skills as a hostess. "I thank you for the kind words, Mr. Wickham and will be sure to pass them along to my mother. She is always concerned for the comfort of our guests and we flatter ourselves that Longbourn is a place where all who are welcomed in feel like family." As she smiled and conversed with their guest Elizabeth noticed Mr. Darcy's scowl and the sag of his shoulders that indicated, to her, something was truly wrong. Now more than curious she wanted very much to understand his history with this seemingly amiable gentleman. "Would you do me the honour of escorting me to the refreshments, Miss Elizabeth?" Wickham asked with a very charming smile. "I trust your ability to seek out the best treats as well as the best place where we might enjoy them and continue our conversation." With that he held out his hand. It was simply an offer to take a guest to her refreshment table. Something she had done countless times before so Elizabeth was not sure why it felt so important, why Mr. Darcy looked down at her so intently, why Mr. Wickham held his hand out to her with such a sense of gravity. "I must apologize, Mr. Wickham but I had just now promised to loan a book to Mr. Darcy and as he is most anxious for it I am afraid I will have to leave you in the more capable hands of my sisters." She responded gently and with a warm smile feeling that whatever was between this young man and Mr. Darcy he deserved her kindness. She rose from her seat to offer to escort Mr. Darcy to obtain this imaginary book. "Thank you, Miss Elizabeth. I am certain they will be able to assist though you will permit me to lament the loss of your company." Wickham said then glancing at Mr. Darcy, who continued to stare at his own sleeves as if they were the most fascinating thing in all the world, added "Perhaps he will spare you for a half hour, after all what are books to good conversation." This was said with a light-hearted air of unconcern, but like the original offer felt like more to Elizabeth. Moreover, she did not appreciate him pressing her when she had already stated her refusal. It smacked of Mr. Collins. Looking to Mr. Darcy for a moment before responding Elizabeth was struck by the transformation of his features. He was now looking at Mr. Wickham and the expression on his face could best be described as enraged. Wickham took a step back. "I am sorry sir, but I am afraid books are of very great consequence to both Mr. Darcy and myself and so must be considered of immediate importance." Elizabeth said calmly as Darcy continued to stare at Mr. Wickham with murder in his eyes and Wickham continued to look as if he wanted to stare back with equal outrage but could not quite meet Mr. Darcy's eye. "If you will excuse us." Taking Mr. Darcy's arm and practically dragging him from the room Elizabeth took him in the direction of her father's study. It contained most of the household's books and so would support the story she concocted regarding their errand and as her father was from home visiting a tenant farm it would also afford them the privacy needed for her to hear the tale of Mr. Wickham. Mr. Darcy allowed Elizabeth to lead him in to the room and partially close the door behind them. He then moved to the window, turning his back to her and Elizabeth assumed he would begin when he was ready. Therefore, she seated herself in her favorite chair and waited. It did not take long although he did not at all begin where she had expected. Turning to her he said, "if you desired Mr. Wickham's company you needn't have denied him for my sake." Although this was offered with a haughty air of unconcern Elizabeth was not fooled. 'I cannot imagine why you would accuse me of desiring the company of a man whom I do not know at all and whose company I avoided by fabricating a story." She shot back with a haughty tone of her own. Elizabeth had risen to deliver this response and the two now stood barely a step apart glaring at one another. The silence stretched for several moments before Mr. Darcy turned back to the window. "Forgive me." He murmured. "For what?" she asked. "For my rudeness just now, for how I acted in front of that . . . gentleman." Mr. Darcy clearly struggled to press this last words past his lips. "You are forgiven." Elizabeth said simply. Then when Mr. Darcy turned to face her she indicated the chairs and they seated themselves. "Now will you tell me how it is you know Mr. Wickham?" "Of course I will, Miss Elizabeth. However, as you will see it is more complicated than simply the telling of a tale. What lies between Wickham and myself is not simply a disagreement or a distaste for one another. He is truly dangerous and once you know all I trust you will help me determine how best to protect and inform the neighborhood." Although truly alarmed at his words Elizabeth was not entirely surprised. She had known it must be something beyond a mere dislike for Mr. Darcy to react as he had. She was gratified that he wanted her advice as to how to proceed. Perhaps how very gratified and pleased she felt about this was what alarmed her most. It hinted at a truth she had begun to suspect but was certainly not willing to face. "Please tell me what you feel I am to know, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth said with more calm than she felt. The story that was then told to her was much worse than Elizabeth had suspected. It painted a picture of a man who had been given every advantage by his benefactor, the late Mr. Darcy, and who had squandered it most magnificently. Drinking, gambling and unpaid debts were the least of his offenses. Mr. Darcy informed her with a blush as he moved in to the worst part of his tale that much of what he would now say was indelicate but could not be avoided if she was to understand Wickham's true character. Soon after leaving together for school it became clear that Wickham had begun to take advantage of his position as godson to old Mr. Darcy to seduce young ladies. Promising them all sorts of things he would not and could not deliver. Mr. Darcy would not say how he first discovered this only that there had been more than one and that he had been unable to stop or even curtail Mr. Wickham's proclivities. He seemed truly wretched at this thought. "Shortly after I returned from my grand tour my father took ill. By this time Wickham had revealed enough of his character to the people of Derbyshire to not be welcome in that part of the country and so I was at least relieved of the burden of picking up after him while I . . ." here he paused to collect himself. "While I cared for my father." Although she knew they were talking about Wickham Mr. Darcy rarely spoke of his father's death and so she could not help but ask, "was he ill for a long time?" "Yes, over a year." His head had been bent and when he raised it tears shone in his bright blue eyes. "You will think me cruel but I was glad, am glad he lingered for so long. I was not ready to lose him. I was not ready to shoulder the responsibilities I inherited either." "Why would that make you cruel?" she asked unconsciously reaching her hand to cover his where it rested on the arm of his chair. He looked down at it then covered it with his other hand before answering her. "He was in pain. Every day. But still I prayed he would not die. Does that not make me a selfish son?" His voice broke on this question and he looked to her as if for absolution. She wondered if he had ever spoken of this to anyone. "It makes you human. It makes you someone who wanted to keep his father with him and with your sister I am certain. Do not hold on to your guilt. You did nothing wrong, you cannot continue to reproach yourself for these perfectly natural feelings." She spoke earnestly, almost desperate to remove the pained look in her friend's eyes. "Thank you for your kind words." Mr. Darcy said gently and the after a moment, "However I am afraid I have strayed from the purpose of my story." With a nod from Elizabeth he continued. Their hands remained clasped. As his father had not amended his will in years it still held a significant bequest for Mr. Wickham and only days after the elder man's death his godson came to claim it. "I was glad that he requested a sum of money instead of the living my father intended for him since of course he would have made a poor clergyman. I had already begun to consider how I might persuade him from it. I should have known it would only take money. I paid him three thousand pounds and paid off another five hundred pounds in debt he had run up in Lambton and London. I had him sign documents forgoing all claims to the living. It fell vacant just a year later and I had the pleasure of appointing a very worthy gentleman who serves the people of Kympton quite well." "I can see why you do not wish to associate with him and why we must warn the families of the neighborhood as well as the shopkeepers in Meryton." "I am afraid that is not all." Mr. Darcy said with a weary sigh. Tears silently streamed down Elizabeth's cheeks as Mr. Darcy related how Wickham seduced and tricked his sister, almost eloped with her and then tried to extort money from him to keep the whole affair quiet. How Georgianna had still not recovered her spirits and how he feared she would never be herself again. "I do not know exactly what my cousin said or did to convince Wickham it was not in his best interest to pursue the course of blackmail he had set himself upon once they were discovered but he can be quite persuasive." Darcy said. "Colonel Fitzwilliam is Georgianna's other guardian and takes his responsibility very seriously. He loves her dearly and has hated Wickham, been aware of his character, for longer than myself. To this day he laments that I would not let him kill him outright but I could not allow it. If only because it would have exposed Stephen to legal repercussions. As to my sister . . . she blamed herself entirely. Will not hear that I should have taken better care. That her companion was complicit, that Wickham is a rogue. She is certain if only she were more beautiful and vivacious he would have truly loved her and not just her dowry. If only she were more intelligent and discerning she would have known what he was about. If only she were more good and kind Mrs. Younge would have revealed the scheme to her, not wanting her to come to harm. In short it has caused her to question every good thing she ever might have believed about herself and I cannot persuade her otherwise. She sent me away." "Sir?" Elizabeth asked uncertain what he meant by this. "She became tired of my ineffectual attempts to cheer her, to convince her of her worthiness, of her blamelessness and told me to leave her be for a time. That she needed space from me." He stood abruptly. "We have rarely been apart since my father's death and never at her insistence. I have failed her most spectacularly in every way possible." His despair nearly broke her heart. "Mr. Darcy, I have discovered your most deep and abiding flaw and I am afraid it is rather serious." He looked down at her. She stood and smiled gently. "You take too much upon yourself. You are only one man. You may be used to getting your own way but even you cannot control and dictate to a young girl's heart which is a delicate and mutinous thing under the best of circumstances. When it has gone through such an episode it likely cannot be cheered or convinced into healing. It needs time. This is not your fault. I have no doubt you are the best and kindest of brothers. Just as you were the best of sons who cannot be blamed for desiring time for himself and his young sister to be with their father." He looked at her for a long moment then a soft smile appeared. It was not a happy smile exactly but one of contentment and understanding and Elizabeth felt very pleased with herself at having elicited it. "I thank you once again, Miss Elizabeth. You have a singular ability to get to the heart of things in a way that . . ." he paused for a moment and reached his hands out as if to take hers but drew them back suddenly. Shaking his head slightly he continued in a more formal tone, "Now then you know all about Mr. Wickham. What is your opinion as to how we should best protect your neighbors and the shopkeepers of Meryton?"
A short time later Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth were interrupted by two of the very men they had identified as best able to help them warn and protect those most vulnerable to Wickham's potential schemes. "Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy why are you not with the others listening to Mr. Collins wax poetic about the cost of Lady Catherine's many fireplaces?" He asked with a smile as he and Sir William Lucas entered the study. "Perhaps I have answered my own question." "Father, Mr. Darcy and I would like to speak with you and Sir William about a serious matter." Elizabeth said. "It is fortuitous that you are both here." Then with Mr. Darcy relinquishing his seat to Sir William and Mr. Bennet placing himself behind his desk the younger pair began the explanation of Mr. Wickham they had agreed upon. Sharing some of the details of his history with the Darcy family, and the specifics of his past indebtedness and general proclivities with ladies gently bred and otherwise they painted a picture of a man who was not to be trusted. They took turns speaking, not by prearranged plan but as the story unfolded. Mr. Bennet asked several questions, Sir William none. "Mr. Darcy were it anyone but yourself I would scarce be able to believe it Mr. Wickham being such a pleasant affable fellow. However, when someone like you who is generally known to be a good, worthy and honorable gentleman confides such a tale one must give it all credence as of course we do." Sir William declared looking at Mr. Bennet who nodded his affirmation. "As it is I am eager to hear how you believe we should proceed." Darcy looked gratified at this and Elizabeth silently praised him for his changed attitude. Several weeks ago compliments such as that from her loquacious neighbor would have caused nothing but a frosty stare. "Miss Elizabeth," he said pulling her from these thoughts and indicating that she was to answer the question that had been directed to him. "Sir William, we believe you are in an excellent position to begin carefully spreading the word regarding Wickham among the neighborhood." Mr. Bennet smiled as he began to understand their plan. "Indeed, old friend you know how much the neighborhood in general relies on you for information about the people who come and go. A few well -placed words from you should be sufficient to put both fathers and daughters on notice." Turning back to Elizabeth he asked, "I assume you have a plan regarding the shopkeepers as well? After all we would not wish to leave them vulnerable to such a man." "Indeed you are correct, Sir." Elizabeth began. "Although in the past Mr. Darcy has discharged Mr. Wickham's debts out of a sense of honor I do not believe we should place that burden on him nor allow Mr. Wickham to take advantage of such generosity." Elizabeth did not look at Mr. Darcy as she said this and indeed she had not set out to extol his virtues. She was merely including what she saw as a pertinent part of the story. Her father however found her words singular and looked at the gentleman to see how he bore such praise. The look of pride and adoration that briefly crossed the young man's features as he regarded Elizabeth told Mr. Bennet a great deal. "We hoped you would be willing to speak to some proprietors tomorrow, Mr. Bennet." Mr. Darcy said when he had torn his eyes from Elizabeth. "I understand from your daughter that you have a standing date with Mr. Reeves at his bookshop on Thursday mornings. Perhaps you could begin there and merely urge caution with Mr. Wickham in the course of conversation with him and the other shopkeepers as you make your purchases throughout the morning." "So Lizzie means to get a new bonnet, some gloves and perhaps some sweets out of this?" Mr. Bennet replied. "Father!" Elizabeth protested. "Well if I am to visit the principle shops I must make purchases and goodness knows I cannot encourage your younger sisters with such rewards. No, I am afraid you and Jane will reap the rewards of Mr. Wickham's bad behavior." Elizabeth didn't know whether to laugh or cringe. She was used to her father's sardonic wit but she thought he must sound careless and flippant to Mr. Darcy who needed no further evidence of her family's oddities. However, when she chanced a glance at that gentleman to see how he bore her father's teasing what she saw was not censure or judgment. No, in fact, he was smiling at her with a gentle fondness that sent a deep blush to her cheeks. "Very well you two," Mr. Bennet said after a moment of looking between his daughter and Mr. Darcy. "We have our marching orders now leave the old men to their drinks and boring talk." "Papa you are neither old nor boring but we will leave you as it is your desire." Elizabeth said with a smile as she rose from her chair. She preceded Mr. Darcy from the room, but still heard her father's parting remark to him. "Mr. Darcy you and my daughter seem well acquainted. Should I expect another visit from you shortly?" Though Elizabeth heard the smile in his voice and knew him to be teasing she did not think even this more gracious and forbearing Mr. Darcy would appreciate a joke of this nature. Indeed, he seemed to not know how to reply and stammered something resembling a negative answer before scurrying after Elizabeth and closing the door behind him. Elizabeth quickly apologized for her father. "He forgets that we all do not exist solely for his amusement." She said trying to put all thoughts of what her father's words and Mr. Darcy's shocked response meant and simply put him at ease. "Please pay it no mind." 'Thank you, Miss Elizabeth." Darcy said, "I would not want to think that our friendship has been misinterpreted by . . ." "As I said my father lives for his amusement. Do not allow his words to disconcert you or lead you to think that he or anyone else," she added pointedly," has any expectations of you." He looked at her for a long moment before answering," thank you for putting my mind at ease. Shall we join the others?" Elizabeth could only nod in response. Her mind and heart were racing. When they entered the parlor she was grateful to hear her mother's lamentations on the absence of the officers, however, she might have almost welcomed the distraction Mr. Wickham could have provided. For weeks now she had told herself she was simply enjoying the friendship Mr. Darcy offered and had no hopes of anything beyond this. Being aware that he was a proud man who highly valued his position in society she knew he would never contemplate an alliance with someone so beneath him and had therefore not considered him as a marital prospect. Or so she thought. One stilted conversation was all it took to reveal her pretensions of indifference for what they were – fictions invented to protect an already engaged heart. Fictions which did nothing to soothe her now as she sat as far away from Mr. Darcy as the room allowed and considered what this unwelcome revelation meant for her. It was only her determination not to let Mr. Darcy perceive any alteration in her that allowed her to appear quite like herself for the next half hour. She thought that would be the end of it. For the day at least. Her mother had other ideas. "Mr. Bingley, I insist you stay for dinner. Mr. Darcy and Miss Bingley would welcome the idea I suspect." Mrs. Bennet said as the gentleman, after several loud hints from his sister, began to talk of going. "We would be delighted." Mr. Bingley answered immediately without consulting the other members of his party. "Perhaps in the meantime Miss Bennet would do me the honor of a walk in the garden?" "I would enjoy that." Jane said quietly. The two rose and departed. Almost before they were out of the room Mrs. Bennet was proclaiming her joy at the prospect of such a son. Elizabeth was uncomfortable but saw no way to redirect or distract her mother in the face of such an obvious preference. Particularly as she felt Mrs. Bennet was perhaps not wrong in this instance, her sister might in fact return from her walk an engaged woman. Mr. Collins rose to speak and though she usually sought ways to curtail his speeches Elizabeth welcomed one now as it would distract the room, and her mother, from speculation regarding Jane and Bingley. "Lady Catherine herself has often extoled the virtues of a good marriage alliance. It is the duty of those of us in positions of influence and prestige to set the example of marital felicity for those who follow us," he began and Elizabeth was certain she saw Miss Bingley roll her eyes when Mr. Collins referred to himself as influential and prestigious. "I hope to soon follow my patroness' kind advice and bring a wife home for her to guide and advise." As was her custom when her cousin spoke Elizabeth's mind began to wander. She thought it lovely that Mr. Collins' first duty as a husband was to bring his wife home to be guided and advised by his imperious neighbor. She smiled at this, but then as she looked around she noticed that everyone was looking at her. Their expressions varied. Miss Bingley looked pleased beyond measure, as did Mrs. Bennet. Kitty and Lydia looked about to burst with laughter while Mary seemed angry. Mr. Darcy looked concerned. His gaze went from Elizabeth back to Mr. Collins whom she now realized was holding out a hand to her. She looked at it and a suspicion of what he might have said while she was not attending began to form.
This is a little short (sorry!) but I am also a little early according to my weekly schedule so I hope I can be forgiven. Also, I am pretty sure I have the next chapter figured out so if I can get my work done today I might have it up really soon! Thank you so much for your support of this story it has meant so much to me! This is such a supportive community! I welcome constructive criticism too- always! Thanks! As was her custom when her cousin spoke Elizabeth's mind began to wander. She thought it lovely that Mr. Collins' first duty as a husband was to bring his wife home to be guided and advised by his imperious neighbor. She smiled at this, but then as she looked around she noticed that everyone was looking at her. Their expressions varied. Miss Bingley looked pleased beyond measure, as did Mrs. Bennet. Kitty and Lydia looked about to burst with laughter while Mary seemed angry. Mr. Darcy looked concerned. His gaze went from Elizabeth back to Mr. Collins whom she now realized was holding out a hand to her. She looked at it and a suspicion of what he might have said while she was not attending began to form. "Mr. Collins I," Elizabeth began, not certain what she meant to say. Fortunately, she was spared the necessity of finishing an unformed thought by the entrance of Jane and Mr. Bingley. Although normally the reentrance of formerly absent parties would not cause a stir the radiant smiles of these two particular individuals alerted the others to what may have transpired and of course this could not be ignored. "Jane," Mrs. Bennet exclaimed loudly. Before answering her mother Jane turned and spoke quietly to Mr. Bingley who nodded and, bright smile still firmly in place, left the room by the opposite door. "Mother, I think it best we not speculate on anything until Mr. Bingley returns." Jane said in the firm voice she generally reserved for reigning in Lydia. Taking up her needlework she gave it her undivided attention. Mrs. Bennet seemed at a loss, but before she could inquire further Mr. Collins spoke up once again. "Perhaps as we wait patiently for an announcement in one quarter Miss Elizabeth and I might be excused that we might also contribute to the joyful tidings about to be felt at Longbourn." Again, his hand was extended. "Yes of course, Mr. Collins." Mrs. Bennet beamed. "Lizzie, take Mr. Collins to the gardens." "Mother, I am certain Mr. Collins has no desire to see the gardens. There is so much more entertainment to be found in here." Elizabeth said attempting to affect a breezy air with all eyes in the room on her. "Lizzie, you will go directly." Was the firm response. Elizabeth looked briefly at Mr. Darcy and saw that he continued to look concerned and she suspected he wanted her to alert him as to whether she was in need of her assistance. Not completely certain as to why, this angered Elizabeth. With their awkward almost conversation outside of her father's study still parading around her mind she was in no humor to allow him to assume a place of protection he did not truly want nor did she truly need him. That did not stop her from wishing things were different. "Mother perhaps we can wait until Mr. Bingley returns." Jane offered and while Elizabeth appreciated her attempted intervention she realized that now was as good a time as any to hear Mr. Collins and let him understand her own position. Before her mother could insist again, likely far less politely, she rose. Rather than taking Mr. Collins' hand Elizabeth simply preceded him out of the room. Only when she reached the nearest garden bench did she turn to see if Mr. Collins had followed. He had. Though Elizabeth preferred to meet this particular challenge on her feet Mr. Collins looked nearly done in by the short walk from the house and so she sat that he might. "Cousin Elizabeth, you can be in no doubt as to why I have asked for this private audience. However much your natural delicacy may lead you to dissemble." He began. "My attentions have been too marked to be mistaken. Almost as soon as I entered the house, I singled you out as the companion of my future life. But before I am run away with my feelings on the subject, perhaps it would be advisable . . ." Mr. Collins kept speaking. Elizabeth knew this because his lips were moving but she was no longer listening. She knew what was coming and she thought she knew how she would respond. However; when Mr. Collins spoke of feelings Elizabeth considered her own. Not for him, but for another gentleman. Her father's earlier careless words and Mr. Darcy's embarrassed response were still playing over in her mind. She wondered why it affected her so. Was her heart already lost? As she thought over the last few weeks of her acquaintance with Mr. Darcy she realized that although she had tried stop it, tried to deny it she could now see that she was in fact a fair way along to being in love with Mr. Darcy. This was not a pleasing realization. She could admit it to herself if to no one else. Of course, it made perfect sense. He was the handsomest man of her acquaintance. He was also the most intelligent and he treated her as an equal in any discussion, listening to her opinions not in a way that placated, dismissed or flattered but to find holes in her arguments, flaws in her reasoning. He defied and challenged her as if she were a peer and this was what likely did her in. This, most likely, conquered whatever meager defenses she had built against him knowing full well he could never be truly hers. So now what was she to do? Elizabeth suspected he had ruined her for other men. She would not soon meet a man as good looking, nor one as well read or as well-spoken – once you got past his natural defenses – that haughty disdain that had made their initial acquaintance so . . . interesting. Indeed, once you penetrated that he was quite charming. Nor would she likely encounter another man who valued her opinions and courted her impertinence. All in all it probably didn't matter, for she had an inkling that she could encounter a twin of Mr. Darcy and somehow it would not be the same because it would still not be him. This made her irrationally angry at the man himself. How dare he make her fall, nearly fall, in love with him and ruin her chances of making a match of affection anywhere else. Perhaps with time her feelings would fade, but knowing herself Elizabeth did not feel secure in this possibility. That is why Elizabeth must be forgiven for what she did next. She truly had intended to reject Mr. Collins. Kindly, but firmly. He had not stopped talking as she considered all of these things regarding herself and Mr. Darcy and for Mr. Collins' sake that turned out for the best for when he finally took a breath long enough to allow for a response to her surprise she said, "I thank you for the honor of your offer. Might I have some time to consider it?"
Okay guys you are the best. I know I say this every time but your encouragement really does mean so much so I have to say thank you, thank you for the favs, follows and esp the reviews. I know the last chapter was a little bit of a shocker but hopefully you trust me and now can see where we are going with that! Also, I think it really pushed me to write this one sooner (all the feedback)! And this one is fairly long, mainly because it went in a direction I did not foresee. I am really trying to be true to the characters as written by the incomparable Ms. Austen but also as they would have developed with the changes that have occurred. Hopefully that feels authentic. It took several more minutes of conversation for Mr. Collins to be convinced of Elizabeth's sincerity both in her desire for time and secrecy. She was forceful in her insistence and he finally acquiesced claiming to be happy to do whatever his fair cousin required to move them farther along in the path toward matrimony. Having reached her limit with Mr. Collins Elizabeth then insisted he return to the house and allow her some time to contemplate all that had transpired. With Mr. Collins gone Elizabeth immediately set off for the footpath beside the house. She knew that she could not go far as they would be called to dinner soon, but she desperately needed to walk as far as time and her feet would allow. However, before she even cleared the garden a voice called to her. "Miss Elizabeth." She stopped without turning and considered whether he or Mr. Collins was least welcome at that moment. "May I join you?" "Mr. Darcy, I do not think that would be best at this time." She replied in all honesty. "Yes, you have weighty matters to consider." At this she looked up at him, having previously kept her eyes on the ground, unwilling to be swayed by that persuasive dimple. She needn't have concerned herself. The dimple was not in evidence. Indeed, Mr. Darcy looked angry. This was too much to be born as he had just confessed to eavesdropping on a most private conversation. She, not he, had the proper claim to anger. Unless Mr. Collins broke his word and made a precipitous announcement, she thought, reminding herself of all the times she had misjudged the man in front of her. "Indeed I do, Sir. I might wonder how you have come to be aware of this." His blush told the story before his words. "I practiced that skill you have so recently taught me of credibly excusing myself from company that I might see if you needed . . . assistance with your cousin." When he paused here as if waiting to be relieved of confessing all Elizabeth merely raised an eyebrow. "When I came out into the garden I realized you two were speaking in earnest and I . . ." "Could have returned to the house or announced your presence." Elizabeth said pointedly. "Indeed," he admitted looking chagrined before turning away from her. Running his hand through his hair he did not speak for a moment. Elizabeth knew him to be gathering his thoughts. Finally, he turned to face her, looking once again angry or at least confused. "Are you out of your senses to be considering a proposal from such a man?" Elizabeth had not expected these words nor the tone of accusation with which they were delivered. In fact, she was not seriously considering Mr. Collins. Her words after his proposal were uttered in the aftermath of her confusing realization regarding her feelings for Mr. Darcy and her anger at herself, him and the world at large for the utter fruitlessness of such feelings. She had been momentarily struck by the idea that marriage to Mr. Collins offered her two things she had always wanted - a form of independence and a way to save her family. If she could not have a marriage of love and affection, then perhaps she would consider one that could offer her these things. But no, she would never marry Mr. Collins and she would tell him that at the first opportunity. However, Mr. Darcy had no right to interfere. "I fail to see how it is senseless to consider an offer from a man who can provide both my family and myself respectability and security. He is, as you know, the heir to Longbourn. Is that not sufficient to merit some consideration?" "And that is all you require?" he mocked. "The promise of an estate and you will marry one of the silliest men in England?" Elizabeth hated that he thought that of her, but she hated even more the things she had been made to feel since she realized she was in all likelihood falling in love with the man in front of her. "It is easy for you to judge. You, who have never had to consider that your family might be removed from the place generations have called home but for your actions, but for your sacrifice. You, who have never had to consider what you might be willing to forgo to keep your family in the same sphere in which they were raised. Have you not realized, Mr. Darcy that if my father were to die and Mr. Collins choose another bride we would lose our place in society, we, my sisters and I would become less? Is that not worth my marrying one silly man so that they can marry where they choose?" One, perhaps, unfortunate effect of this speech was that it weakened Elizabeth's resolve. As she sought to counter the arrogant assumptions of Mr. Darcy she was a little too persuasive. Possibly, she was being too hasty in her decision to reject Mr. Collins. The reason she had even, for a moment, thought she could marry him was because that action would preserve her family and allow the rest of her sisters the leisure to choose husbands where they desired without the pressure to save the family. She alone would bear that burden. Could she so easily cast that aside? Mr. Darcy seemed chastened by her speech but was by no means persuaded. He turned away from her before replying. "You are wrong." He said gently. "Tell me where I have erred, Mr. Darcy." She demanded, her anger increasing along with her uncertainty. She blamed him for the predicament she found herself in. But for her new and confusing feelings for him she would have rejected Mr. Collins out of hand and would even now be looking forward to one day finding a reasonably handsome, moderately intelligent country gentleman to tranquilly fall in love with even as he fell in love with her. But because of the irritating man in front of her whose concerned blue eyes tore at her heart Elizabeth was angry, conflicted and considering a marriage she knew would make her unhappy. "You have erred in assuming I have not had to make similar concessions regarding my choices of a marriage partner." He finally answered only increasing Elizabeth's confusion. "Although I realize our positions are not precisely similar you are wrong to think I can simply marry where I choose." Momentarily forgetting her own misery, or perhaps desperate to do so, Elizabeth considered what Mr. Darcy might mean. "I cannot determine your meaning, Sir." She began. "From what I understand you are the master of your own estate, possess wealth enough to manage it and are not promised to anyone, despite what your aunt may believe." Elizabeth smiled at him. She knew his supposed betrothal to his cousin Anne was a source of great frustration to him or more accurately his aunt's refusal to accept his unwillingness to marry her daughter to honor a promise between families only she insisted existed was a source of frustration. Her softer tone seemed to signify a shift and before answering her Darcy asked that they sit or walk. They had been standing at the gate as they spoke until then. Elizabeth chose walking. "What you say is true, but were I to marry someone unsuitable . . . someone who brings no dowry and unsuitable connections to the marriage this would harm Georgianna's prospects and bring dishonor to the rest of my family. I too must make sacrifices for my family." Before he could continue Elizabeth interrupted. "I understand your comparison and there is some similarity." She offered. "However, suitability and dowry are not the same limitations as those I must contend with. You might choose your bride from among hundreds nay thousands." "And what if she is unsuitable for the reasons I stated?" he asked. "You are far too sensible to desire a match with someone unsuitable, but I am afraid we are being imprecise and I know how much you enjoy precision. Please explain what you mean by suitable and unsuitable and how much exactly you require in a dowry." Elizabeth thought about this. What was unsuitable? Was Mr. Darcy like Edward Beechum and his family? There had been a relatively wealthy family that leased Purvis Lodge several years ago whose daughter Emily became engaged to Edward Beechum, the second son of the Earl of Dover, after a brief courtship in London. However; after Emily'sbrother deserted his army post and was labeled a traitor for his actions on the battlefield the gentleman's family insisted he withdraw his offer. She was deemed unsuitable due to her family. Every day that spring Elizabeth walked with Emily listening to her heartache and her fervent defense of her Edward. Elizabeth secretly thought Mr. Beechum a coward for not standing up to his family and braving society's displeasure. Later that year he married a more suitable lady and Elizabeth imagined they were suitably happy. Emily and her family moved away but from her letters Elizabeth knew her friend had yet to recover. Was this what Mr. Darcy meant by unsuitable connections? She asked him. "Yes, that would make someone unsuitable." He answered. "So you think Mr. Beechum justified in abandoned the woman he loved, who loved him and whom he promised to marry because her brother had done something dishonorable?" Elizabeth demanded. She noticed him start when she spoke the name. "No," was the quick response. "If the engagement had already been entered into it would be wrong to break it. The lady could seek legal redress." "Legal redress?" Elizabeth scoffed. "For a broken heart?" "For a broken engagement." She hated that he was calm while she was fuming. "I know what you meant, Mr. Darcy. My point was simply that there was more wrong done than a breach of contract. And is Mr. Beechum happy in his new choice of bride?" she asked. Mr. Darcy looked at her in surprise for a moment, but Elizabeth merely lifted a brow insisting on an answer. "No, I do not believe he is." "Well I am sure she is suitable." She said smugly. "At least you have the freedom to choose without such an entanglement." She said, hoping she did not sound as bitter as she was beginning to feel. "Do not be so certain." He said quietly, so quietly she almost did not hear him. He had stopped walking so she did as well. His hands were moving restlessly, a nervous habit. "Elizabeth," As he spoke her name he looked at her and she knew. The look in those blues which had become so familiar and so dear to her was one of longing and hopelessness. It all made sense. His talk of unsuitability, his concern over her father's remarks, his relief at her dismissal of his talk of marriage. She felt a moment of pleasure knowing she was desired but it was not enough. He desired her, but he did not want her. "I understand," she said coldly. "I must return to the house." "Elizabeth," he said again, his voice filled with gentle desperation. He reached out to stop her from leaving laying a detaining hand on her arm. She stopped but did not turn around. "You must understand that I find nothing objectionable about you. It is merely your family. If I had only myself to consider . . . I would overlook the connections and lack of dowry, but it is not just me. I have Georgianna to consider and the honor of the Darcy name." At this Elizabeth spun around. "Mr. Darcy, I assure you it is not the possibility of dishonoring the Darcy name that prevent an alliance between ourselves, but my complete and utter unwillingness to bear it so do not lament too long your vile tastes, do not berate yourself too severely for having briefly desired such an unsuitable lady I know you will overcome such base emotions quickly enough and choose from among the throngs vying for the title mistress of Pemberley. I certainly never desired it." Elizabeth spat every single word forcing herself to look him in the eye throughout. Having concluded her speech, she turned around and began the short walk back to the house. "Good day." "Elizabeth," he was right behind her. Of course she had no chance of outrunning him and it would only offer further proof of her unsuitability if she tried, but Elizabeth seriously considered it as it was fast becoming a choice between that and letting him see her cry. "Forgive me for my careless words. I only meant to show you that I know what it is to sacrifice for family. I am giving up someone I . . . there are some things best left unsaid as I have recently proven but please do not marry Mr. Collins." Elizabeth took a calming breath. There were a riot of emotions contending for supremacy within her. She resolved to ignore them all and attempt to consider Mr. Darcy's words rationally. "Your having to limit your choice to a certain group of ladies is hardly the same thing as my being forced to consider a man such as Mr. Collins to save my family from genteel poverty." "That is not my sacrifice as I have just made clear, but you may choose to ignore that at your pleasure." Mr. Darcy said with feeling. "At my pleasure?" Elizabeth sputtered incredulously, forgetting her resolve of a moment ago. Mr. Darcy ignored her and persisted with his argument. "I do not mean to quarrel with you, Elizabeth. I merely want to point out that Mr. Collins is not a suitable match for you." As soon he said the word he knew it was a mistake. "Shall we discuss suitability, Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth asked in a deceptively calm voice. "With regards to Mr. Collins I would be happy to." He said, stubbornly refusing to understand her meaning. "He is not your equal." "In what way?" "In every way!" he nearly shouted. "Be precise, Mr. Darcy." She mocked. "Fine, in intelligence." "Am I your equal in intelligence?" "Elizabeth." His tone was warning but also pleading. Her raised brow was a chastisement not for his continued use of her Christian name but for his failure to answer her question. "You are not my equal." He said finally. "You are my superior." "How else is he unsuitable?" She asked. Mr. Darcy looked like he might not want to continue, but he obliged. "Compassion." "What do you mean?" "I mean you are the most compassionate person I know and Mr. Collins is a miserly man or have you not noticed? You would hardly be allowed to visit the needy in his parish let alone care for them as you do here." "Perhaps that is an argument for the marriage – I could be of use." Elizabeth pointed out. "Lady Catherine would not allow any changes. She too lacks compassion." "And in this am I unsuitable, unequal to you?" she asked. He held her gaze for a long moment, then her reached for her hands. The shock of feelings his skin against her own created was so much Elizabeth almost missed his words. "In this too you are my superior. I am already guided by your compassion and wisdom as you care for the tenants of Longbourn with far fewer resources than I possess. I have learned a great deal from you in this regard." He stroked her hands with his fingers looking down at them. "Please, you must see you cannot marry him." "I . . ." Elizabeth was having trouble thinking much of anything at all. "Looks." "What?" She asked in confusion. "He is not your equal in looks." She glanced up at him. "You are the handsomest woman of my acquaintance and Mr. Collins, well I think we can agree that it would be a kindness to call his looks passable." Elizabeth laughed at this. "I think we have found the place where you and I are clearly not equals as I have heard it said that you put Michelangelo's David to shame." Now it was his turn to laugh. The dimple made a brief appearance. "On this we will have to agree to disagree." He still held her hands in his. "Feeling." "Feeling?" she asked looking down once more at their intertwined hands. "He feels more for you than you do for him. Although I do not credit him with being intelligent enough to having fallen in love with you he does understand something of your value and therefore has some real affection for you. I have observed it. I do not believe you return this?" "No." She stood abruptly. "And in this Mr. Darcy are we equals? In feeling?" "I do not imagine we are." He said. "It does no good to dwell, but, Elizabeth you must know that in this, and this only, I must claim superiority." "Must you?" She demanded. Why did he have this power to make her feel such an array of emotions? Why did she not simply leave and nurse her wounded heart in solitude? "I must." He said, coming to stand beside her once more, though he did not reach for her again. "Although circumstances prevent me . . . I would wish you to know I have come to hold you in the highest esteem, to value you for your wit and vivacity, your intelligence, and kindness, to admire your beauty and to wish . . . to wish things were different." It was then that Elizabeth understood both how much she had come to care for Mr. Darcy and why they called it a broken heart. She looked directly into his beloved blue eyes. "Then I can only tell you that you are sorely mistaken in your estimation of who is the superior in this case. Were I in your position the strength of my feelings would not allow me to consider anything beyond how I might most quickly affect a union between us." His shocked expression almost made her laugh, or cry, all of her emotions were so close to the surface she could not distinguish them. "Did you not just moments ago claim you never desired to be mistress of Pemberley?" He asked a little franticly. "I have never had such a desire. Indeed I still do not. Any desires I might have had were connected only with yourself, Mr. Darcy and not your estate. My feelings are for the man not the master. However, as our fate is entirely in your hands we must reconcile ourselves with your being more inclined to value suitability over love, societal approval over affection and wealth over passion. Therefore, I do most sincerely wish you well. And because I know you are truly concerned I will tell you, I do plan to refuse Mr. Collins. If Jane and Mr. Bingley are soon engaged my family will be in a more secure position. I do care for Mr. Collins and I will wait until I can find a gentleman who I can love and who will love me . . . enough. Please excuse me." Before Mr. Darcy could recover from her words Elizabeth was inside the house, making her excuses to her mother regarding dinner and escaping to the solitude of her room.
Thank you so much for the feedback for the last chapter! I think there will be 3-4 more chapters after this. Hope you enjoy. "Do you think me a truly wicked and selfish creature?" Elizabeth asked as she laid another gown in her trunk. "You know I could never think such a thing about you." Jane protested. "Oh just look at you, Jane." Elizabeth teased grabbing her sister by the hands and pulling her down so they both toppled onto the bed. "You are near to bursting!" "It is true." Her sister confessed. "I did not know such happiness was possible, Lizzy. To know he loves me as dearly as I love him and that we will spend our lives together. It is too much." Elizabeth's smile was sincere and full of all the hope and love she held for her sister. If she thought of Mr. Darcy and all she could never have it was for just a moment. But that was long enough. "Oh, Lizzie you must forgive me. I am thoughtless." Jane sighed. "I should not speak of love and happiness to you. Not now." "And this is why I must go." Elizabeth stood. Or at least one of the reasons, she thought to herself. "You should not have to curtail your joy, Jane. No one in the whole of England, in all the world, deserves happiness as much as you and I will not have yours tempered by the pity you feel for your poor would-be spinster sister who moans and cries all day for her sad broken heart." "Elizabeth Anne Bennet." Jane scolded in her very best big sister voice. "I will not have you speak so. I do not pity you and I have yet to hear you cry. I love you and I only wish I could take your pain as my own." Elizabeth looked at her beloved older sister. By all rights she should be vain, selfish and shallow with such a mother and more natural beauty and grace than any ten ladies had a right to. Yet somehow Jane Francis Bennet was truly the kindest person Elizabeth had ever known. "I do not deserve you." Elizabeth said wrapping her sister in a fierce hug. "You are so rarely wrong, Lizzy, but here is where you often ere. You deserve good things. You deserve to have happiness, love and everything you think I deserve and if you don't think so," she said as Lizzy made to interrupt, "then believe it is so because I want it that way and you believe I deserve everything I desire." "When did you become so clever?" "I think it is a side effect of the engagement." "But do be serious, Jane." Elizabeth beseeched her. "I will stay if you desire it. I only feel I must be away from here. It is not you, you must know it is not you." "I know. It is him." Jane said "him" as if she were referring to a traitor or a nasty bit of rubbish caught under her shoe. "It is not precisely him either and, Jane please do not despise him." Elizabeth pleaded. "He is Mr. Bingley's dearest friend and he needs Bingley. Without him I fear Mr. Darcy will become morose and somber once again." "Why are you so concerned about him?" Jane asked. "You know why." Elizabeth answered sadly. "Now, I must know that you do not blame me for going." Jane was clearly not happy for the change of subject. Although Elizabeth had told her everything that happened in the garden she resisted her sister's attempts to get her to talk about it beyond that recitation and telling her she wanted to go to London for time and distance. Which was true if not complete. "Of course I do not blame you." "Well you should. I am abandoning you at a most inopportune time. I am a terrible sister to even considering taking myself off to London while you are forced to remain here and suffer the well-wishes of our neighbors and an ever-increasing crowd of strangers as Bingley's family and friends stream into Herefordshire for the ball." "You are right of course I will suffer greatly without you to shield me from all the joy." Jane teased. "But, Lizzie you know I would always choose to have you with me. However, I agree that your plan is a good one. With Bingley going to London on business tomorrow it is an ideal time for you to go and Aunt Gardiner is the perfect one to be with you. She will make you talk where I cannot!" "I see what you are about. You mean to make me stay after all." Elizabeth teased. "Oh, Lizzy." Jane helped Elizabeth finish arranging her trunks and after a servant same to bring them downstairs the two prepared for bed. All the activity that afternoon and evening had kept Elizabeth well occupied and allowed her to avoid the melancholy that threatened to consume her if she thought or felt too long on what had happened. There was the announcement of Jane's engagement, which she could hear even above-stairs. Once she saw from her window the departing form of Mr. Darcy she rushed downstairs and took part in the clamor. Then there was the matter of a conversation with Mr. Collins. That took a great deal of time and patience. Elizabeth, having observed Mary's countenance around their cousin and having an idea of what her younger sister was feeing watching him court another, orchestrated it so that they were left alone in the back parlor once she had finished speaking with him. Then there was the matter of arranging her journey. Permission was sought and obtained from her father, she suspected he knew more than he let on. Having learned from Mr. Bingley during the application for Jane's hand that he intended to go to London the next day on business Mr. Bennet suggested she travel with him as he was taking Miss Bingley. It spoke to her near desperation to be gone that this promise of Miss Bingley's company for at least three hours in a closed carriage did not deter her at all. So it was that shortly after breakfasting with her family that Elizabeth boarded the Bingley carriage bound for London. She enjoyed several hours of conversation with Mr. Bingley before he faded off to sleep. Caroline Bingley said as little to her as civility would allow and Elizabeth wondered if she had committed some fresh offense or if it was simply her anger over Jane and Bingley's engagement. Although she had never before willingly engaged in a discussion with the woman Elizabeth would have welcomed even her conversation. She was not eager for time to contemplate the events of the past 24 hours. AS much as her own exchange with Mr. Darcy the brief words Bingley offered before they set off plagued her. When he arrived that morning he had offered his greetings to the family explaining that Miss Bingley chose to remain in the carriage due to a slight indisposition. Although he looked embarrassed at this weak explanation the Bennets were too used to Miss Bingley's disdain to pay much attention to this latest snub. In fact, Mrs. Bennet was so far from being offended she chose to allow the lady additional rest prior to her journey. "Shall you take some tea before you set off?" "Certainly." Mr. Bingley replied taking the offered seat beside Jane. Elizabeth took the opportunity to attempt to encourage Mary in her pursuit of Mr. Collins. That gentleman had his nose buried in a book,Fordyce's Sermons no less. Elizabeth suggested her sister offer him her own insights as it was by far her favorite book. After several demurrals, she was convinced of the wisdom of the idea and Elizabeth was happy to see the couple engaged in an animated conversation when she was approached by Jane. "Elizabeth, would you come with me?" Although Jane's tone seemed overly serious Elizabeth was not alarmed until she entered the front parlor and saw Mr. Bingley nervously awaiting her. "Jane?" she asked. "Please, he is worried. I do not know over what, but just hear him out." With that she left the room. "Miss Elizabeth, please forgive my presumption in asking Jane to arrange this meeting." He began. "Mr. Bingley, if you wanted to speak with me you did not need to engage in such tactics will we not be in a carriage together for half of the day?" She asked with a smile. "Indeed," he said and she only now began to see evidence of the worry Jane referenced. "However, I would not wish . . . that is to say Caroline will be with us and this is not something . . ." "Mr. Bingley, please be at ease. Let us sit and I will hear whatever it is you would like to tell me." Elizabeth said gently, leading him to a set of chairs by the east facing windows. "Thank you, Miss Elizabeth." "Elizabeth," she admonished. "I thought we deiced yesterday that as we are to be brother and sister we must do away with such formalities." "You are correct." He responded, his normal smile returning. "And I will expect to hear no more Mr. Bingleys from you!" "Very well, no matter how many shades of red Miss Bingley turns!" Elizabeth teased. "Elizabeth, I realize we must set off shortly so I will try to get to the point. When I returned to Netherfield yesterday Darcy was not himself." Elizabeth blushed, attempted to interrupt and then turned away unsure what she would even say. "I do not intend to ask what passed between you," he assured her, seeing her reaction, "only . . . I owe so much to him and care for him as brother. I could not in good conscious . . . This may not be the right thing to do. Honestly without Darcy to consult I am not certain, but it feels right. I know he can be a stubborn hard man . . . Elizabeth, I only mean to say, that is, I want you to know two things and then I will inopportune you no further." Elizabeth nodded for him to continue, uncertain she could bear whatever it was he had to say, certain she could not bear to stop him. "Darcy is more broken than I have ever seen him else I would never consider interfering. What I want you to know is Darcy is the best man I know and he loves you, Elizabeth." Bingley watched his words affect her. "I will give you a moment." Elizabeth did not notice him leave but moments after he did Jane was at her side. "Elizabeth, what did he say?" she demanded seeing the tears falling down her sister's face. Elizabeth could not answer as Charles' words rang in her ears, making their way to her heart where they would take up a painful residence for some time. "I will do him great bodily harm." Jane swore fiercely. Elizabeth laughed at this, finally coming to herself. "No, Jane you mustn't. I do not think that is at all the ideal way to begin a marriage. Although I cannot claim to be an expert at the right way to court and be courted so perhaps you have the right of it." Although she tried for several more minutes Jane was not able to get Elizabeth to tell her what Charles said. She did succeed in cheering her however and when Elizabeth entered the carriage she was still smiling at the idea of her sister attacking her intended.
Sorry it's short – but we are moving things along. Thanks, as always for following along and letting me know what you think. Your support means so much! Two weeks with Madeline and Edward Gardiner and their children had been exactly what Elizabeth needed. Aunt Gardiner had, as Jane anticipated, insisted Elizabeth share all that had led to her sojourn to London. Much to her chagrin Elizabeth spent the first few nights crying in her aunt's arms. Although she missed the paths and hills of Herefordshire, which were normally all she required to restore her equilibrium, after a week or so Elizabeth found that the London air and activity, the love and care of her family and the time away from a certain gentleman had combined to restore her spirits . . . somewhat. "Shall we finish embroidering the dresses this afternoon?" Aunt Gardiner asked as she entered the drawing room after settling her children with their nurse. "It looks like this rain will not permit a walk." "Then I suppose we shall, but I must insist that they not all be done to my tastes and specifications." Elizabeth said as they retrieved the gowns and accoutrements. "Simply because you will not be able to wear them for some time . . ." "Six months at least and really I may never recover my old figure after this one." Madeline laughed placing a hand on her already distended abdomen. "Besides it will give me an excuse to insist Edward purchase new dresses for me next year." With that the ladies resumed the work that had occupied their time intermittently over Lizzy's stay - trimming and altering several of Mrs. Gardiner's best gowns. Gowns she insisted on giving to her niece instead of simply putting them aside for a season or two during her pregnancy and beyond. "I believe that makes two that we have completed." Madeline said carefully laying her creation on the settee to admire it. "I liked this one when I bought it last year, but with the ideas you came up with it is even more lovely." When she received no response from her niece she looked over to find Elizabeth staring out the window, the gown she had been trimming forgotten on her lap. Although pleased with the progress her niece had made since her arrival, Madeline knew Elizabeth had a long way to go before she could truly call her well in spirit. She also knew that Lizzy did not do well when left to dwell too much on her own circling thoughts. "Well, my dear what has you so fascinated?" she asked with a smile. "Has Miss Smith overturned her suitor's carriage at last?" "Nothing so interesting." Elizabeth replied, picking up the gown and applying herself to the application of its lace. When her aunt continued to regard her in expectation she answered wistfully. "I was imagining what is happening at Longbourn at this very moment in preparation for the ball. Mama's nervous flutterings, Kitty and Lydia's arguments, Mary's moralizing, Jane's attempts to soothe and Papa avoiding it all." "Do you wish you were there?" "No, not at all." Elizabeth insisted quickly, then added, "well, of course part of me would love to be with my sisters now, particularly Jane, as they ready themselves for tonight. Sometimes the anticipation is as fun as the thing itself and there is no danger at home. I would be quite safe from my own silly reactions to him." "Elizabeth, you must not be so hard on yourself. You are not the first woman to fall in love and I dare say you will not be the last." Her aunt insisted. "Indeed, it was perfectly natural. You developed a friendship with a handsome eligible man who demonstrated his appreciation for your wit and intelligence. It would have been a feat had your feelings not become engaged." "But I knew he would not consider me." Elizabeth countered. "For all his kindness and friendship I knew, so it was quite silly of me . . ." "Love is rarely logical, my darling. In fact, if you find it so I would question whether it is truly love. It seems as if for all his ideas of who is and is not his equal Mr. Darcy was as unable as you to control his feelings." "You speak of Mr. Bingley's words?" "I do. Although I question his reasons for sharing his insights with you you must find some comfort in knowing Mr. Darcy is similarly afflicted." "Upon reflection I believe Mr. Bingley was unaware . . . that he did not know of Mr. Darcy's decision not to pursue me. I think perhaps he thought we had quarreled or I had refused his friend and this was why he was so sorrowful. And so he was attempting to convince me to affect a rapprochement. If only he knew . . ." "I suppose that is as good a theory as any." Her aunt agreed. "As to finding comfort in his words I suppose . . . I must confess I have not given them any credence. That is to say, I believe Mr. Bingley believed them. He must have seen his friend upset and being so deeply in love with Jane and assuming love is at the root of all things decided his friend must be in a similar state and from our friendship made me the object. But we know Mr. Darcy was merely upset from our conversation and the knowledge that he had, to some extent, injured me through my own folly and being the kind and caring man he is this wounded him. As further evidence that Mr. Bingley was incorrect I would submit that If Mr. Darcy cared for me even half as much as I do him no idea of society's expectations would have kept him from offering for me. So to answer your question no I do not find comfort from the words of my well intentioned soon to be brother as he was gravely mistaken in his assumptions." "Very well, Lizzy I shall not try and persuade you otherwise. Even if there may reasons you cannot see that governed Mr. Darcy's behavior." When Elizabeth looked at her with questions in her eyes Madeline held up her hands. " I do not know any of the parties and all my knowledge comes from your tellings so what can I add? We will be done with it for now. We will leave Hertfordshire to its ball and what say you to attending the theater tonight?" "I would love that, but would uncle be able to obtain tickets on such short notice?" "A business associate, a friend, offered us his box last week for the performance tonight, but we wanted to see if you felt up for it. It seems to me that although you are not any closer to forgetting your Mr. Darcy or your affection for him you are learning to live with both your feelings and your experience." "I suppose I am." Elizabeth sighed, not certain she wanted to learn to live with the ache that had become a persistent part of her, but knowing she had no choice. "In any case my forlorn state should not keep us all from our enjoyments, particularly the theater!" "That's my Lizzy." Madeline said with approval. "I will send word to your uncle, but please do not put on a show for us. You may be as melancholy as you choose at any time. This, this broken heart will take time to heal and you need never pretend you are more mended than you are." "So you keep telling me." Elizabeth said with a smile. "And I appreciate your kindness and patience more than I can say."
My profound apologies for the delay in this update. Real life stuff gets in the way! But we are back on track and although I won't say how many chapter are left as that might give away too much of where we are going I will say we are closer to the end than the beginning. Thank you as always for your support! The exclamations over her gown, her elaborate hairstyle done by her Aunt's maid and her overall appearance by her Aunt, uncle and young cousins after she came downstairs gave Elizabeth a confidence she had not felt in a long time. As they mounted the carriage steps she lamented that it came now when she had no desire to attract the attention of anyone at all. Allowing the excitement of anticipation build Elizabeth and her aunt and uncle talked all about the play as they rode to the theater. She had been especially eager to see it since reading the reviews it was receiving. When there was a lull in the conversation she tried not to recall the debates she and Mr. Darcy had enjoyed regarding the play's merits or the way he had teased her about her plebian enjoyment of plays for their own sake. "Are you not aware, Miss Elizabeth, that the theater exists for ladies and gentlemen of quality to see and be seen by one another. The events on the stage are entirely superfluous." He had said. "That may be true for those more desirous of being on display, but I have no such aspirations. I attend only to enjoy the performance. Although, sadly I do not think I will make it to town in time for this particular play. I believe it is to run only another month." Had been her rejoinder. "Edward, I can hardly believe we will enjoy such a box." Madeline exclaimed as they were led to their seats. "Indeed, uncle, your business associate must be a very important gentleman." Elizabeth teased. "No in fact these seats do not belong to an associate of mine." Her uncle said. "Edward, you told me you were offered seats by a gentleman with whom you conducted business." Madeline insisted. "And Mr. Elliot did generously offer me seats in a box his associates had rented, however I then received the offer of this box for tonight in particular and thought my ladies would prefer this lofty viewing place. Was I wrong?" "No of course not," Elizabeth assured him. "But whose box is this, Uncle?" "Of that I am not entirely certain, but it was offered to us by Jane's Mr. Bingley. Though I have yet to meet him I must say I am already inclined to approve. I think he wanted to be sure you had some amusement here in London tonight as you would be missing the ball." A suspicion began to arise in Elizabeth's mind. Charles was a kind and good man, of this she had no doubt, but she did not think him perceptive enough to realize she would be lamenting her own absence from the ball nor did he know her well enough to know that the theater in general and this play in particular would provide exactly the kind of distraction she needed. She eyed the three remaining empty seats and wondered. "Did Mr. Bingley indicate if anyone else would be joining us tonight?" "No. I suppose it is possible the owners of the box will also be present." Edward said with unconcern. "I do not imagine the presence of strangers will prevent you from enjoying the play you have been dying to see will it Lizzy?" Indeed, strangers would not distract her from the performance, but Elizabeth was not entirely certain this box was owned by strangers. Their party had arrived early, as it seemed had much of the theater, so Elizabeth had ample time to look out on the many people milling about below and in boxes across the way and beside their own. It was a sea of jewels and gowns of gentleman and ladies vying for each other's attention in subtle and overt ways. Elizabeth was fascinated. So much so she nearly forgot her concerns about the identity of the box's owner. Until she heard her uncle greeting someone. "Indeed, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. My niece was asking if we might be joined by others this evening." Elizabeth did not want to turn around. Afraid of what she might see. She knew she was not ready to greet him as an indifferent acquaintance. But she also felt that that must be their relationship now, after all she had confessed and all she still felt. It was too soon. She could not decide if her hope or fear that it was indeed Mr. Darcy was greater before she was called upon to turn and face the new arrivals. "Elizabeth Bennet?" A soft feminine voice inquired. "Are you Elizabeth Bennet?" At this Elizabeth did turn around and what she saw both reassured and disappointed her. At the entrance to their box beside her uncle stood a tall and lean sandy haired gentleman in a bright red military uniform. On his arm was an elegantly dressed young lady who was currently looking quite embarrassed. "I am sorry." She stammered ducking her head and leaning toward the gentleman. "It is quite all right." Elizabeth said moving toward the couple. "I believe my uncle has already introduced himself so we might do the same, but since you have correctly guessed my identity you must permit me a guess as well." The young lady looked up at Elizabeth as she spoke and appeared relieved and almost hopeful. "You, I presume, are Miss Darcy?" She guessed almost certain she was right. "And that would make you Colonel Stephen Fiztwilliam?" While the newcomers acknowledged the truth of statements with nods and smiles her uncle asked, "Lizzie, how did you know?" "I suspected that Mr. Bingley may have offered us this box at Mr. Darcy's request and if this is indeed his box than it naturally follows that his cousin and sister would possibly be using it as well. In addition, he described you both quite accurately," she added leaning toward Miss Darcy with a smile. "Indeed," the Colonel replied. "His description of you was also wholly truthful. Although I want to say his description of your beauty did not do justice to the real thing I cannot. You are exactly as beautiful as he said you were," before Elizabeth could decide if she was insulted by this speech the colonel leaned in and said softly so that only she could hear, "and I thought he was exaggerating." Elizabeth did not know how to respond to this or indeed how even to feel about this evidence that not only did Darcy speak of her to his family, but told at least his cousin she was beautiful. Her aunt seeing her struggle, but not knowing the cause suggested they take their seats. As they did so Elizabeth asked Miss Darcy to sit by her. They chatted amicably about the upcoming production and Elizabeth found she could focus almost entirely on her companion with only the occasional glance at the remaining empty seat and the occasional attempts at eavesdropping on the colonel's conversation with her aunt and uncle. On the whole she passed the several minutes before the play began very well as Georgianna Darcy was a sweet and open girl who Elizabeth found she liked very much. However; as it turned out the final seat was to be filled and its occupant would upset Elizabeth's equilibrium enough that she would be quite unable to enjoy the performance.
Just as the first actors emerged and began their performance, and Elizabeth felt she could truly focus on this fictional world and not her own sad drama, she felt all the eyes in the theater turn not to the stage but to their box. Instead of quieting to hear the opening lines the murmuring throughout the boxes around them seemed to grow. Almost afraid to turn and see what caused such a stir Elizabeth hesitated and as she did so heard the colonel greet someone. "Aunt, what a surprise!" "Indeed, it was a quite a bother to call upon you both at your father's and then Darcy's home only to discover you and my niece are out gallivanting. I need to talk with you about a matter of great urgency and do not appreciate being made to traipse about town for the privilege." "I apologize, Lady Catherine." Stephen said in a voice that betrayed no concern at being upbraided in such an unreasonable and public manner. "Had I known you were in need of my presence I certainly would have made myself available. However, as the performance has begun can I prevail upon you to take your seat and postpone our discussion?" Although the lady, Elizabeth noted, did not look well pleased at this suggestion she could hardly do otherwise. She took the vacant seat and the entire party settled in to enjoy, or at least appear to enjoy, the first act. It was clear many eyes were still watching them subtly and overtly throughout the performance. While the colonel's aunt had spoken loudly and rudely Elizabeth was not certain why her presence had caused such a fuss. She tried to put the mystery out of her mind and focus on the play, but was not entirely successful. Her questions were answered during the intermission. She then found herself rather wishing they had not been. When the curtain fell, Elizabeth could sense Miss Darcy's tension and although uncertain as to the cause sought to distract her from it as best she could. "Miss Darcy, what think you of the play so far?" "Oh, I . . ." her companion stammered looking over her shoulder at the colonel speaking in low tones to their aunt. Elizabeth could tell from his expression he was attempting to dissuade her from something. She looked back to Miss Darcy and determined not to stick her nose in where it did not belong. "I think the lead actor is fantastic." Elizabeth offered. "I agree, but I think . . ." whatever Miss Darcy thought Elizabeth was not to know as they were soon interrupted. "Do you know of it, Georgianna? If so, I insist you tell me so at once?" "Aunt Catherine, please Georgianna knows nothing. Let us discuss this privately." Elizabeth was thankful the older woman seemed to heed her nephew as Miss Darcy looked absolutely petrified when her aunt spoke to her. She looked about as if for an escape. Mrs. Gardiner seemed to sense this and she and her husband came over to speak to the girls. Elizabeth tried to focus on the way her aunt kindly drew Miss Darcy back into conversation but they were all soon trading embarrassed looks as the voices behind them grew in volume. "You and all the family know for whom he is destined. If he has been drawn in by another I insist upon knowing at once." "Aunt, I don't know why you . . ." "I have my sources." She interrupted. "And they inform me that the wilds of Hertfordshire are not a safe place for my nephew. I have been told that mothers with daughters a plenty wishing for his position and fortune have thrown them in his way and I will not have him forget his duty, his obligations, his name for some . . ." "Aunt," it was the colonel's turn to interrupt and he did so with a sense of urgency. "Is this not something that could be communicated to Darcy in a letter?" "A letter," Lady Catherine sputtered with palpable incredulity, "you believe a letter would be sufficient to address an issue of such gravity?" "I am simply seeking a way you might address him yourself." The colonel responded calmly. Elizabeth tried to focus on her companions who were gamely continuing their conversation about the various diversions the city had to offer, but she could not help but hear what was being said. In reality, she wanted to hear, and understand what was being said. One was certainly easier than the other. "It is not important who addresses him," she said impatiently, "only that he is removed from the clutches of this dangerous vixen. Whoever it is that has caused him to throw off duty and honor and consider marrying beneath himself. Darcy has always understood what he owes to his family but that has apparently changed as I know Mr. Collins cares only for the interest of my family and I trust his reports implicitly." At this Elizabeth looked up. Was Lady Catherine somehow speaking of her friendship with Darcy? Had Mr. Collins written to her of it and implied something romantic between them? Or had Lady Catherine inferred it herself based on her own obsessive desire to wed Darcy to his cousin and her fear of that plan being thwarted? "Have no fear." Stephen answered his aunt. Then turning to look at Elizabeth he added, "there is nothing in Hertfordshire that will cause Darcy to forget himself. Of this I am certain." Elizabeth hung her head. It seemed the colonel meant to ensure she, as well as his aunt, understood that Darcy had no intentions toward any person so beneath his notice as Miss Elizabeth Bennet. As if she hadn't been reconciling herself to that very fact for the past two weeks. "How can you be certain?" His aunt asked with a touch of hope and distrust. "I have spoken to Darcy and am certain you may be sure." "Well then," Lady Catherine said, sounding slightly mollified and even lowering her voice a bit. "I am encouraged to hear that. Now we can put this behind us and announce his betrothal to Anne." While Elizabeth was fairly certain the marriage Lady Catherine dreamed of would never take place, Darcy had spoken of it several times as an impossibility, that did not mean he would not make some other appropriate marriage. Elizabeth tried not to consider this, to not let it pierce the armor she had been building. But it did. Only her awareness that the colonel was still watching her allowed her to maintain her composure. "Please do not mistake my meaning, Aunt." Stephen said, though Elizabeth tried not to hear anything else that was being discussed between the two. "I do not mean to say that Darcy is not in danger of making an offer to someone you may deem unsuitable I only mean to say the danger is no longer in Hertfordshire." Startled, Elizabeth looked at Stephen. When their eyes met, he smiled broadly and winked. The rest of the performance, which resumed at that moment, was lost on Elizabeth.
Elizabeth would have liked to speak with Stephen Fitzwilliam about his declaration. However, this was impossible as she was not the only one deeply affected by it. His aunt's loud and angry response necessitated him escorting her from the box and as they did not return even after the performance ended no opportunity for conversation presented itself. The Gardiners, always the picture of kindness and propriety, kept Miss Darcy in their care as they exited the theater. Indeed, they would have escorted her home in their carriage but just as the foursome emerged onto the crowded street the colonel materialized at their side. There was little chance for much beyond the exchange of thanks and pleasantries in such a crowd as they parted ways but Elizabeth was able to convey to her new friend her pleasure at their meeting. "Miss Bennet, I am so glad we had this opportunity to meet as well." Miss Darcy said as she took her cousin's arm. Their carriage was waiting, but Miss Darcy took a breath and seemed to steel herself to say more. "I have long desired to make your acquaintance and although I would never presume to know my brother's intentions nor attempt to explain his actions nor indeed do I know your preferences, I would wish you to know that he speaks of you with great affection and lately with great sadness." Elizabeth was entirely uncertain as to how to respond to this or even if Miss Darcy expected a response. All she could bring herself to do was nod in acknowledgment. Turning to the colonel she asked after his aunt. "I hope she has recovered from whatever required her removal and is well?" "As well as can be expected." He said with a mischievous grin. Elizabeth half expected him to wink at her again. Turning to her aunt and uncle he asked, "Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner would it be possible to learn your address that Miss Darcy and I might call sometime soon and further our acquaintance with you and your niece?" The Gardiners happily complied and the company parted. So it was that Elizabeth had not room in her thoughts to ponder what was in fact a splendid performance, all the papers would declare it so in the morning. No, as she readied for bed that night Elizabeth considered, reconsidered, speculated on and attempted to explain the words and actions of three people who she previously had never seen before in the whole course of her life, but who now seemed to know a great deal about things which mattered a great deal to her. She could not help but be troubled by the idea that Colonel Fitzwilliam and Miss Darcy might call and even seek a friendship with her. It was not that she didn't like them. They both seemed as pleasant and amiable as Mr. Darcy had led her to believe, but Elizabeth was not sure her heart could withstand any more connections with the man himself. Her sister was betrothed to his best friend. Would this not be difficult enough? Was she also to be connected to his cousin and sister? Elizabeth did not know how she could maintain her resolve to forget him if her life continued to fill with living breathing reminders. To this she must add the confusing dilemma of the colonel's conversations with his aunt. What had given Lady Catherine the idea that Mr. Darcy was in danger of being drawn in by someone? Why did the colonel seem to believe she herself was the danger? These questions and their elusive answers allowed for very sleep. She can be forgiven, therefore, for waking later than was her custom and without much of her usual energy. "Elizabeth, I think perhaps a short walk would do you good." Her aunt declared as they sat together attending to their own pursuits. "But, Aunt, we will no doubt have callers within the hour. I should not like to leave you alone with them." "Nor would I like that." Madeline agreed. "However, as I am proposing you go for a brief excursion to the park just down the road for a half an hour, no more. Therefore you should not miss any of our prospective guests." When Elizabeth looked hesitant, Madeline added, "truly you look done in and I know short of a full night's sleep, which we do not have time for, nothing will revive you like some exercise and fresh, relatively fresh, air. If I am to send you home engaged, as your mother has insisted, you must attempt look your best for our callers." With a smile, she sent her niece on her way. Elizabeth was grateful for her aunt's insistence. As she fetched her outerwear she imagined that the streets of London might offer diversions enough to remove, at least partially, from her mind certain ideas introduced to her at the theater and one very handsome man. As it turned out the London streets were just as disobliging when Elizabeth wanted a distraction as the London theater had been. Dismounting the steps of her family's home she turned and nearly collided with the very man she had just a moment before resolved to forget. "Miss Elizabeth," he stammered as he reached out to steady her. "Mr. Darcy!" Elizabeth's voice was as unsteady as her person at the moment. Her shock was complete. What was Mr. Darcy doing in London? What was Mr. Darcy doing outside her uncle's home? What was Mr. Darcy doing with his hands still lingering on her arms where they had reached out to support her when she almost lost her balance in their near collision. It is possible this last question and its attendant circumstances discomposed her more than the very real concerns posed by the first two. "I . . . my apologies . . . that is to say," it seems at this point in his rather eloquent speech Mr. Darcy perceived the location of his hands. He looked at them as if they were a curiosity, as if he had not realized where they were at all and then very slowly withdrew them. And then, stepping slightly away from Elizabeth he began again. "Miss Elizabeth, please allow me to apologize." He said gently bending his head to try and catch her eye as hers were cast downward. Perhaps it was his clear uncertainty or his gentle tone but Elizabeth could not resist looking at him just then even though she knew it would undo all the progress she had made in taming her heart these past weeks. There was no escaping him now, she decided, she may as well drink her fill. She lifted her eyes to his and found that she was no more proof against them today than she had been the day they parted. She was tired of trying not to feel all that she felt and what did it matter anyway, it was only herself that would bear the burden. He was, inexplicably, here. She wanted to enjoy his presence. "It is not you who nearly toppled us into the street." She teased with a smile. "I must apologize to you and then of course thank you for your ability to prevent such a calamity." Mr. Darcy looked uncertain and Elizabeth wondered at it. This was their usual way of speaking to one another. Why did he look confused? "Miss Elizabeth, although you are owed an apology for what happened just now I will concede and allow you to take the blame. It is however, not this that concerns me most and not for this that I truly owe you an apology." Now it was Mr. Darcy's turn to study the ground as if it held the secrets to all of life's mysteries leaving Elizabeth wondering to what he was referring. "And this is why you linger outside my uncle's door awaiting a decent hour?" she said half teasing, half in earnest. He raised his eyes to hers and Elizabeth saw in them a deep regret, the cause of which she feared to guess at. "Yes." "Well I am here now, you may express your regrets," she said more brusquely than she intended. There were so many things he could wish to apologies for that did not matter, that would change nothing and one that could change everything. "Let us walk." She commanded. He looked uncertain but she would brook no opposition, her torture would not be lengthy. Then afraid he would not comply, she simply set out toward the park.
This is another short update which I hope you will forgive in light of the speed of its posting. Thank you all for reading this story and following, favoriting and reviewing – the knowledge that people are being entertained and touched by something I am writing is such an encouragement! As always I welcome positive feedback as well as constructive criticism. Thanks! Mr. Darcy did follow and soon fell into step beside Elizabeth, his face a picture of anticipation and concentration. But still he did not speak. She waited until they reached the entrance to the park. Still nothing. "Mr. Darcy if I am, in fact, owed an apology I would have it now." He looked at her and made to speak but no words came out. Finally, he indicated a nearby bench. Once they were seated she expected he would begin. He did not. They remained silent for some time with him looking at the scene around them as if it was why they came. She watched him, awaiting an explanation and attempting to steal herself to withstand the pull of his nearness. "Do you wish to apologize for your aunt's behavior last night?" She asked when she could bear no more of the silence. "No . . . I" he began to reply, at last looking directly at her. His expression was guarded and Elizabeth feared the hope that was born in her heart at this denial. She would not allow it any purchase. "For your cousin's impertinent behavior then?" She persisted. This earned her a small smile. "While Stephen did not outline precisely the events of last evening I can only imagine how he must have acted. However, I think you and I had a conversation several weeks ago about not being responsible for the foibles and eccentricities of our relations did we not?" "We did." She agreed, momentarily forgetting the purpose of their discussion as she remembered the afternoon to which he referred. At a card party her mother had been particularly effusive in her excitement about the expected marriage between Jane and Bingley. Elizabeth had been mortified. Instead of judging her he had shared stories of his most embarrassing relations. Lady Catherine had featured prominently. They had agreed that they could not be answerable for the behavior of their less than perfect family members. She had been grateful for his understanding, his ability to laugh at himself and his efforts to make her comfortable in the midst of a distressing situation. She realized now it was just one of many moments that made her love him. Elizabeth needed to be done with this conversation and out of Mr. Darcy's presence as soon as possible if she were going to maintain her composure and avoid having her heart broken in two all over again once they were done. "For your interference regarding Mr. Collins' proposal then?" She said returning them to the subject at hand hoping to conclude their discussion and end the torture that his presence had become. "I will not apologize for that. I was right, as you are aware." He said in a tone very reminiscent of the haughty Mr. Darcy she knew before their encounter on the road to Longbourn. "Being right in your object did not give you the right to interfere." She retorted, and then, unwilling to let the conversation suffer another diversion she insisted, "but your ill-judged intrusion is apparently not the subject of our discourse is it, Mr. Darcy? You claimed to be prowling outside my family's home because you owed me an apology. If it is not for this nor for the behavior of your relatives last evening then please would you inform me what grievous wrong you have done me for which you must now beg forgiveness?" He looked at her for a long moment and then taking a deep breath answered. "For my cowardice, for my pride, for my selfish disdain for your feelings, though I have come to realize they are of more value to me than anything in this world." He paused as if to gather himself. "You revealed to me that somehow, inexplicably and miraculously, I had earned the love of a woman of substance, of honor, of breeding, of kindness, of intelligence and of goodness and I weighed that against society's expectations and my family's desires. I failed you. In the first test between us I chose those things I had been taught mattered most – pride, duty and name over what I have come to know matters only – the love of this woman." Elizabeth did not speak. Was not certain she could have if she tried. No words came to her. His were . . . everything she had imagined hearing that day in Longbourn's garden, everything she had wanted him to decide then and since then. "I regret my words and actions of that day and every day since then." He continued, his blue eyes holding hers, daring her to doubt his sincerity. "Elizabeth, I apologize for what I said and for lacking the courage to do what you claimed you would have done, for not doing all in my power to affect a union between the two of us. You cannot know how your parting words have haunted me." With this he rose and began to pace. "I believed I was prepared to sacrifice my own happiness for what society expected of me. I thought I could give up any expectation of personal joy in service of what I believed to be duty to my family, but I found I could not allow you to continue to operate under that final misconception." Elizabeth remembered much from that afternoon, but did not know to what Mr. Darcy referred. She had uttered many desperate passionate words, but imagined none of them finding a hold on any part of him. Darcy saw her expression as she tried to puzzle out his meaning and he came to sit beside her once again. They were in a relatively secluded section of the park, hidden from the main path by a copse of trees. The park itself was sparely populated it being early in the day and fairly cool with a cloud cover that seemed to threaten rain. All of this might perhaps explain why Darcy grasped Elizabeth's hands in his as he answered the question he must have seen in her eyes. "You spoke of finding someone who would love you enough." He said, rubbing her gloved hands in his. "You were right of course. It is what you deserve. A gentleman who sees you and knows you are worth everything, who is willing to win you at any cost not put you on scale against the meaningless conceptions of an unforgiving society and the selfish desires of an overbearing family. I was not that gentleman, but I am now. I know I may have lost the chance at the happiness you spoke of, that you could rightly reject me but I cannot go away without risking all. Elizabeth Anne Bennet, I would spend the rest of my life showing you that I love you enough, more than enough because you are worthy of being pleased, of being cherished, of being listened to, of being understood and of being known for who you are every day. Would you allow me that honor?" His voice was earnest, almost desperate. He spoke of the possibility of being rejected and Elizabeth felt he truly believed this would be the outcome of their conversation. "Mr. Darcy, I . . ." before she could continue he interrupted. "Elizabeth, I can see the answer in your eyes." He said sadly. "I would ask that you give me the pleasure for this one time of hearing you call me by my given name." "Fitzwilliam,' she conceded, "please do not presume to know my mind." "It is not your mind I know." He responded with a sad smile. "But your eyes. They give everything away." "I think perhaps they have offered what is not theirs to give then, Mr. . . . Fitzwilliam, if they are telling you my mind is made up as it is not." "If you mean to tell me you will consider my offer I remember that did not go well for Mr. Collins and I cannot help but believe you mean only to spare my feelings in this moment." He had released her hands and Elizabeth found she missed the warmth of his touch. Boldly, she reached out and took his hands back into hers. She needed him to understand. "When you left I was deeply hurt. I will not pretend otherwise. You had been my friend and I did not mean to love you but I could not help it." She smiled at him and he tried to return it, but it was half-hearted at best. "I understood that your position in society would make it difficult for you to even consider an alliance with someone in my position. It is why I tried to talk myself out of you. But I could not. The fact that you could talk yourself out of me . . ." "Elizabeth . . ." he pleaded, but she was not done. "I want to believe these beautiful words you have spoken. I want to not just tell you I will become your wife, but shout it, the idea brings me such joy." The smile these words caused in her companion was almost Elizabeth undoing, but she persisted. "However, if I believe your words now I must disbelieve your words from then and that leads to the question which I am afraid will plague me." "And that is?" he asked with fearful concern. "What if you change your mind once again?"
"What if you change your mind once again?" Mr. Darcy held her earnest gaze for just a moment then dropped his eyes. Elizabeth knew she had hurt him with her question, but did not regret asking it. She did not expect him to have an answer, she was merely stating what she would need to consider while she took time to think about his offer and all the beautiful sentiments he had expressed alongside the hurt and confusion his departure had caused. "You have every right to question my dedication." He responded despondently. "Shall we return to the house?" "Yes." They walked back in silence. Both clearly deep in thought. At the bottom of the Gardiner's steps he took her hand, pressed it gently to his lips and said, "thank you, Miss Elizabeth for hearing me, even though I had no right to impose on you as I did." With that he turned and she entered the house. How very different the world appeared than when she had, just a half an hour ago, stood in this very entryway anxious to be off to find distraction from thoughts of Mr. Darcy. Instead she found the gentleman himself and now had an entirely new set of concerns from which she would welcome a distraction, at least for a few moments. In the privacy of her room she would turn her mind to all that passed with equal parts joy and anxiety, but now in her Aunt's presence, in the presence of callers she would welcome any and all diversions. Her aunts first several callers, friends from a literary club she participated in, were normally just the sort who could engage Elizabeth. They spoke of books with an eager enthusiasm which rivaled her own, but she found her mind kept wandering back to a bench in a nearby park. The ladies asked after her inattention more than once. "Elizabeth, this is unlike you." Mrs. Park declared. "In our previous conversations you have nearly exhausted us with your knowledge and enthusiasm." She teased with a smile. Before Elizabeth could make an answer, new callers were announced. "Colonel Fitzwilliam, Miss Georgianna Darcy and Mr. Fiztwilliam Darcy." The ladies stood. Elizabeth was almost as surprised to find Mr. Darcy inside her Aunt's drawing room as she had been to find him outside it. What could he mean by it? Why would he seek her out so soon after their encounter? She had not had time to consider anything. He must know that. When the room remained silent it occurred to her she would be expected to perform the introductions. "Aunt Gardiner, Mrs. Park, Mrs. Devon might I present Miss Georgianna Darcy, her brother Mr. Darcy and her cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam." The ladies curtsied, the gentlemen bowed, pleasure at the introductions was expressed and pleasantries exchanged, with Mrs. Gardiner and the colonel handling the bulk of it. Soon the parties had arranged themselves throughout the room and Elizabeth found herself on a settee next to Miss Darcy. "Miss Bennet, I hope you do not mind my calling on you so early and so soon after making your acquaintance?" the girl asked. Elizabeth could see her companion was truly worried and for a moment she forgot her own concerns. "Miss Darcy, I am happy you chose to call and I welcome an opportunity to further our acquaintance." She said sincerely. "I quite enjoyed our conversation last evening despite some of the unusual circumstances surrounding it." "I did as well." Miss Darcy agreed with a tentative smile. "Though I must apologize for my aunt's rudeness." "Indeed you must not." Elizabeth countered. "Your brother and I have agreed that were we forced to make excuses and do penance for the bad behavior of our more . . . colorful relations we would have time for little else. Therefore, we decided we must not be held hostage to their whims and eccentricities. So you see, no apology is needed, even your brother agrees." Without really meaning to Elizabeth looked up at Mr. Darcy. She found his gaze on her, his expression one of sadness. She wondered why he had come. He had not sought her out, but sat by her aunt who was seemingly partially successful in engaging him in conversation. As she continued to talk with Miss Darcy she heard the occasional reference to Derbyshire, Pemberley and Mrs. Gardiner's relations. After a few minutes, he appeared beside them. "Georgianna, Mrs. Gardiner has expressed a wish to speak with you. She is from Derbyshire and has been sharing some stories with me about the Christmas celebrations at Pemberley mother and father held years ago that she thinks, and I am also sure, you would enjoy hearing." His sister smiled eagerly at this news. "I would be delighted." She rose with alacrity. "Would you take my place with Miss Bennet?" She said with a mischievous smile at her brother and moved to Mrs. Gardiner's side. Mr. Darcy stood for a moment, clearly uncertain and then with a sigh of resignation took his sister's empty seat beside Elizabeth. "Miss Elizabeth, I must apologize for my presence. Please do not fear I will attempt to return us to our previous conversation." He said softly. "I encountered my sister and cousin on their way here and they insisted I accompany them. Indeed, I could offer no reasonable explanation as to why I was practically outside your door but not intending to call. I apologize most sincerely for imposing myself on your notice again when you must be wanting me gone. If only I had been able to invent some excuse, but . . . " "I understand, Mr. Darcy. Please do not make yourself uneasy. You had no wish to disappoint your sister." He was uncomfortable, this she could readily discern. That he had not intended to put himself forward again reassured her. She wished to put him at ease. Despite all that had passed between them and remained as yet unresolved she had missed their easy repertoire and engaging conversations. "I was happy to make your sister's acquaintance yesterday. I found she and your cousin almost exactly as you described." Darcy's relief at this small conversational olive branch was evident in his broad smile and his eager willingness to speak on all the topics Elizabeth introduced over the next half hour. By the end he had even introduced a few of his own. "Darcy, I fear we have trespassed on Mrs. Gardiner's hospitality too long." Colonel Fitzwilliam said, rising from his place between Mrs. Park and Mrs. Devon who looked none too pleased with this declaration. "Of course." Darcy said giving Elizabeth a small smile before rising as well. "Georgianna, are you ready?" She and Mrs. Gardiner were still speaking, or rather laughing quietly together. Mrs. Gardiner laid a hand on her. "Miss Darcy, I think your brother would like to depart." She said gently. Georgianna looked up and saw both gentlemen standing. She rose quickly. "Yes of course. I am sorry if I have delayed you." "Don't be silly, Miss Darcy." Elizabeth replied quickly, coming to stand by her new friend. "We have all been delighted by your visit." As the party collected their outerwear Miss Darcy asked Elizabeth if she would come to visit her at Darcy house the next morning that they might practice some of the duets they had discussed. When Elizabeth hesitated Darcy was quick to address her unspoken concern, "I am sorry I will be from home, but would be happy to send our carriage to collect you." Elizabeth returned Darcy's sad smile with one her own, thanked him for the offer and agreed to the arrangement. Thus began the pattern for the next several weeks. Elizabeth and Georgianna, sometimes in the company of Mrs. Gardiner, spent some time together nearly every day. They practiced the pianoforte at Darcy House, walked in various parks, visited two museums and took tea together. They even spent another night at the theater in the Darcy box, but they were joined not by Mr. Darcy but Colonel Fitzwilliam who also joined them on occasion at Darcy House or on their walks. Elizabeth was very pleased with her new friend and enjoyed their time together. However, she began to feel the absence of her brother most keenly. It could hardly be helped in any case but her companion certainly made matters much worse. Georgianna did not speak of him often after Elizabeth gently made clear during their first afternoon together that she would rather not discuss what lay between them, but occasionally his name was mentioned and in ways that made clear her new friend was not trying to pry or plead his case. Rather, she was an affectionate sister who truly adored her brother and could not help but mention a gift, an outing or a conversation every now and then. "William forgot his gloves." Georgianna said as she and Elizabeth moved through the entryway of Darcy House toward the music room where they intended to practice. 'He was in such a hurry to leave I am surprised he did not forget his coat and hat as well. It was only moments before you arrived that he left." Georgianna said with a smile leading the way and continuing to talk about the events of the day prior to Elizabeth's arrival. Elizabeth felt a pang of remorse. Was she was driving Darcy from his home in such a frenzy? She knew it was not his desire to be gone but rather his desire to do what he believed she wanted. But she was not certain she did want it. Moreover, she did not believe his absence could give her what she truly needed – a better understanding of his character. She certainly had more information than before from Georgianna's unintentional communications. And from Colonel Fitzwilliam who was not all shy about singing his cousin's praises and not at all put off but her subtle hints to but out. As the final notes rang out that afternoon Elizabeth asked Georgianna when she thought her brother would return. Her friend looked uncomfortable. "On the days when you visit he generally does not return until after dinner." Piercing her friend with an usually direct and questioning gaze. Georgianna added, "he usually keeps to himself." "I understand." Elizabeth said. "Will you tell him I have missed our conversations?" Georgianna's smiles were quite like her brother's, though not as rare. They lit her eyes and reveal a small dimple that Elizabeth found enchanting. "I certainly will." She said with an enthusiasm seemingly out of proportion to the request, but both ladies knew what import the words would carry for their hearer. "Would you like to stay to tea?" She did. The ladies talked for some time about all the things they had come to realize they held in common and all the things that they were fascinated about by each other because they did not. Today Georgianna asked to hear more about Elizabeth's loud and boisterous sisters and Elizabeth wanted to hear Georgianna's impressions of the most recent places she had visited. Two hours later they bid each other goodbye with Georgianna insisting Elizabeth take the carriage, she always did, Elizabeth demurring as she always did and Georgianna carrying the argument as she, surprisingly, always did. They had planned to visit together once more the following morning as Jane would be joining Elizabeth in London in just two days and her free time would soon be much less. As Elizabeth mounted the now familiar steps to Darcy House the next morning she wondered if Mr. Darcy would be within, if he would come home while the ladies took tea or if he would, having not actually held her in any real affection in the first place, be gone because his absences had never been about her at all. This last thought was not charitable, but it would be untrue to say it did not cross Elizabeth's mind. Her concerns were addressed rather quickly. While being divested of her spencer and bonnet by the Darcys' butler the master of the house emerged from a room opposite the side Elizabeth frequented with Georgianna. "Eliza . . .Miss Bennet" he said, clearly surprised by her presence. "Mr. Darcy." She responded, dipping a slight curtsy. Seeming to remember himself Darcy bowed as his butler informed him, "I was just telling Miss Bennet that Miss Darcy will be down momentarily." "Of course, thank you, Carson." Elizabeth and Darcy were left on their own and neither spoke for a long moment. "Mr. Darcy, if you have business to attend please do not let me keep you." Elizabeth offered. "I can amuse myself until Georgianna descends." She tried to keep her voice light, but in truth she was uncomfortable and uncertain and nearly desperate to know what the man in front of her was thinking. He had never been so difficult to read, but there he stood aloof and apart as if a stranger and she could not determine what it was he was thinking or feeling. "Miss Bennet, I have no wish to be anywhere else. Have had no wish to be anywhere else these past two weeks, but what I do wish is for you to be comfortable. To be able to enjoy your time with Georgianna without worrying about me. Yesterday she told me . . . but she has her own ideas of what should happen between us and so I was uncertain. I had not intended to . . . until I could . . ." Elizabeth could bear no more of his adorable uncertainty. "Mr. Darcy, I am thankful for your kind consideration. It does you credit. However, I find that in order to properly consider that question you put to some weeks ago I am need of more not less time in your company. Indeed, I find I miss you very much." She smiled at him shyly, hoping she had not been too bold. His answer put her at ease completely. "Elizabeth, I cannot tell you how happy I would be to comply with your wishes in this case. Indeed, I will always be yours to command, but this, this in particular will be my pleasure." He smiled his full dimpled smile and they stood for a moment, or more, considering one another. The noise with which Georgianna descended the stairs indicated that she perhaps knowingly left them to their tête-à-tête for some time before making her presence known.
My profuse apologies for the delay between chapters. For a time real life swallowed me whole, but then it was the story itself that prevented me from posting. I know where it is going but the how has proved elusive of late. Hopefully we are on track now though I will say a new wrinkle popped up that I did not see coming just 3 chapters ago. Insert grimace emoji here. Thanks to everyone for reading, following and giving feedback – it means a lot. The noise with which Georgianna descended the stairs indicated that she perhaps knowingly left them to their tête-à-tête for some time before making her presence known. Regardless, she greeted the pair as if she had not just witnessed them staring at one another for an overly long time, therefore Elizabeth counted her blessings and greeted her friend. "Shall we begin?" Georgianna asked. "Yes of course." "Brother, would you care to listen to us?" She asked with an affected air of innocence that was not fooling anyone. "If Elizabeth has no objection?" Darcy looked so hopeful at this suggestion that Elizabeth felt powerless to do anything, but agree. Indeed, she did desire his company. This was, of course, why she had spoken to him, but his presence was so very disconcerting at times. She was not certain she could concentrate sufficiently on the complicated piece she and Georgianna had intended to practice with him there watching. Whenever she took to the instrument in Hertfordshire he observed her with an intensity that was not conducive to a good performance. These thoughts caused her to take a long moment to answer, so long that his face fell, clearly misinterpreting the cause of her delay. "Thank you for the invitation, Georgi, but I have work I must attend to." He turned to leave, but Elizabeth roused herself from her thoughts and addressed him before he could get far. "Mr. Darcy, I believe but a few moments ago you declared yourself mine to command." She said with a smile. "I did." He agreed with more than a little hesitation. "However, it appears that you would wish to be with my sister alone and it is my pleasure to allow you time together." "Again, Mr. Darcy I must remind you of the conversation we had just now in which you declared very clearly that it would be your pleasure to accede to the particular wish that I shared." Elizabeth could hardly believe she was being so bold in front of Georgianna, but she felt certain that if she did not state her desires without equivocation she and Darcy would never be able to return to their easy friendship and without that she was certain she could never truly consider those beautiful words from the park alongside his character and trustworthiness as she came to know him better. If he disappeared now she might not be given another chance for some time. "You seemed less certain." He offered. It was frustrating that he could read her expressions so well and yet not read her mind to understand the root causes. Although she did not need him reading all of her thoughts regarding the distracting nature of his person. "I am certain. Please join us." She said simply with a bright smile which he returned, although not as fully as when they had been alone. The two ladies settled at the instrument while the gentleman took a seat opposite where he could observe them. Elizabeth had not been mistaken in her estimation of her abilities with him present. He watched her with the same intensity she remembered and it had the same effect on her. Georgianna made no comment and covered her mistakes masterfully. After several times through Georgianna remembered she needed to speak with the housekeeper about dinner and excused herself for a moment. Mr. Darcy approached Elizabeth where she still sat the piano. "Would you like me to play something for you, Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth offered more out of politeness than any real desire. Without Georgianna to compensate for her errors she shuddered to think what her performance would be like. "No indeed, Miss Bennet though I thank you for the offer. Although I have rarely heard anything that gives me more pleasure than your playing and singing I would prefer conversation at present if that is agreeable to you." "It is," she said, unable to stop the blush that she knew was staining her cheek at his words. "and I will begin presently by challenging your honesty or at the very least your taste. My playing is middling at best and just now, but for your sister's expertise, was no doubt some of the worst to ever grace the halls of your fair home." "I always regret when we are at odds, Miss Bennet, but I cannot agree with your assessment. I was transfixed as always by your performance though I would have liked to hear you sing as well. The experience was enhanced by my sister and she may have acted as you claim, but I confess it quite escaped my notice. The enhancement for me was watching two ladies I am so fond of get on so well together. Not everyone is able to see Georgianna's remarkable qualities as they lay beneath a layer of shyness of the acutest kind. Seeing my sister laugh with another and be so at ease is a credit to your goodness and kindness." "Mr. Darcy, you seem to have acquired a taste for a new sport and I cannot say I entirely approve." "Whatever do you mean?" he asked with sincere earnestness and Elizabeth had the impression she had somewhat alarmed him. Touched that he cared so much for her good opinion she intended to answer him seriously, but just then Georgianna returned and the three of them conversed for some time about the Darcy's recent visit with their Matlock relations and Elizabeth's plans with Jane once her sister arrived in town. "Mr. Darcy, I am not certain you are aware of this, but your sister is recklessly stubborn." Elizabeth said with a smile. "I am probably more aware of this than anyone, Miss Bennet and suffer for it more than anyone as well." Mr. Darcy replied easily. "But I suspect there is particular form my sister's famous or should I say infamous stubbornness has taken of late?" They laughed and Georgianna huffed with indignation although they could both see it was a pretense. She enjoyed their teasing. "Well you see she would have my sister visit her modiste and will not take no for an answer. She insists and what is more she also insists on making a gift of a dress to my dear sister." "It is what I wish, Elizabeth, you know we have canvassed this quite thoroughly and you have been brought round to my way of thinking." Georgianna insisted. "Yes, I must confess you are quite persuasive." Elizabeth agreed with a smile. "I wonder that you have the rest of the world fooled into thinking you are quite reserved and gentle when in fact Napoleon could learn a thing or two from your tactics." "Miss Bennet," Mr. Darcy began in a grave tone. He would have continued but in that moment Georgianna remembered that her aunt was waiting for a particular recipe from cook and she needed to send it that very moment with Jeremy from the stables who would be leaving soon for his afternoon errands. She left the room with smiling apologies promising to return with tea and treats. When they were alone once again Mr. Darcy spoke. "You would, I hope, advise me if you are truly uncomfortable regarding Georgianna's overtures. I know she means simply to demonstrate her affection for you but . . ." "Mr. Darcy, I thank you for your concern, but Georgianna and I quite understand one another. I am perfectly at ease." "Very good." He answered, and then frowning slightly said, "I also hope you would tell me if any of my remarks have caused you concern. I would not wish to impose myself on you in any way." "Mr. Darcy I can't think what you mean." Elizabeth answered in all honesty. "Earlier you mentioned some behavior of mine of which you did not approve." He held her gaze and Elizabeth lost herself in it for a moment, she felt if she looked long enough she could discover all she needed to know in the depths of his deep blue eyes. "Will you not tell me to what you referred?" He asked when she had been silent too long. Finally, Elizabeth recalled the conversation and smiled through her answer. "Mr. Darcy, my apologies for causing you any concern. That was not my intent." He shook his head at this and indicated she should continue. "I was merely referring to . . . you made several comments that were quite . . . kind and caused me to blush despite my best efforts to the contrary. I thought perhaps you were intending to make a habit of it and see how easily you could affect the result." Mr. Darcy laughed at this and Elizabeth joined him. "I do not think it would be a fair game as you are prone to blushing at the slightest provocation." "I am not." Elizabeth protested as he looked at her with a smiling fondness that robbed her of whatever it was she intended to say to support her statement. All she could do was smile as well. Georgianna returned a moment later. "You see I have brought the promised fare." She declared. "Shall we eat?" They ate in companionable silence for several minutes then began talking about a novel Georgiana had been trying to get her brother to read. She attempted to enlist Elizabeth's help in her cause. Before they could make too much headway a noise was heard without. Darcy rose. "Brother, allow me to see what has happened." Georgianna said rising. "It is no doubt simply a delivery or some such nonsense." With that Elizabeth and Darcy were alone once more. "Elizabeth, I find I must seize this moment as even my sister may not be able to fabricate a fourth excuse to leave us alone." She laughed, he continued. "I want you to know how much I value our friendship and have missed it these past weeks. I look forward to the opportunity to renew what once was. There is someone who . . . You will always be dear to me but . . ." As seemed to be the theme of the day at that moment they were interrupted. Georgianna swept back into the room, but this time she was not alone. Beside her was a tall elegant woman. Her blond hair, similar in color to Georgianna's, was curly and long. It was swept up in an intricate coiffure, several curls escaped and framed her oval face creating a picture of graceful beauty. Like Miss Darcy she was several inches taller than Elizabeth though she seemed far more comfortable with her frame and carried herself with a confidence that Elizabeth felt her friend would learn in time. "Will, look who has come!" she nearly squealed with delight. "Miss Elizabeth Bennet, may I present our cousin Lady Eleanor Fischer." The ladies curtsied and expressed their pleasure at the introduction as Darcy, who had risen upon the entrance of their guest, moved to greet her. "Georgi, we are hardly cousins." Eleanor said with a smile as Darcy took her hands in his to welcome her. "I know you two have adopted me and forced all your relations to do likewise but I think the connection is tenuous enough that we must acknowledge its dubiousness." Turning to Elizabeth she added, "while I would like to claim the illustrious heritage of these two I am afraid I can only boast that some aunt of mine is a cousin of an aunt of theirs and then some other cousin somewhere is connected to an uncle I believe. So they have let me into their family on such a scant connection out of the goodness of their hearts." "Yes, all you have is a father who was elevated to his position in the peerage due to outstanding service in the war and a mother who is, however tenuously, related to both the Darcy and the Matlock family. But to all this we must add the most important virtue you bring and the one that endeared you to me in the first place." When both Georgianna and Eleanor looked at him in confusion he said, "You are an excellent shot." "I beg your pardon?" Eleanor asked with an exasperated smile. "I have never shot a gun in my life." "Of course not. But you are very handy with a slingshot and the day we met, at Rosings Park, Lord Fielding, my cousin Stephen's older brother," he explained to Elizabeth, "was teasing me quite mercilessly and quite effectively." Before Darcy could continue the lady herself took over the tale. "I had escaped your aunt's lectures by the very expedient measure of climbing the tallest tree I could find. When I observed your fight below I could not stand by and do nothing." "Indeed, I am glad you chose to intervene." Darcy said smiling fondly at Lady Eleanor. "You hit him right between the eyes. I do not believe I ever properly thanked you for your bravery and your accuracy." "Well I accept your thanks and may I say I like this new side of you." Eleanor said, when Darcy looked at her in question she explained, "I do believe that is the first time you have ever teased me. Let it not be the last." They all laughed and Georgianna invited everyone to sit and enjoy tea and cakes. Elizabeth demurred, claiming she was wanted at home. "I thank you both for your hospitality, as always." She said as they said their farewells at the front door. "And it was a pleasure to meet you, Lady Eleanor." With one last parting look at Darcy Elizabeth turned to go wondering all the while about the lady she just met and the aborted conversation she and Darcy were having immediately before her entrance.
I feel like all my entries lately start with apologies! But I am sincerely sorry again for taking so long to update. I value you all so much and want to be faithful in connecting you with the story. I will try to be better. Thank you for following along and giving me input! I love this community! With one last parting look at Darcy Elizabeth turned to go wondering all the while about the lady she just met and the aborted conversation she and Darcy were having immediately before her entrance. The reunion between Jane and Elizabeth took place the following afternoon. Jane had been escorted by Mr. Bingley and his sisters. The Bingleys accompanied Jane into her uncle's home to meet her relations. The Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst did so with barely concealed reluctance. As a result, the visit did not last long, but was sufficient for Mrs. Gardiner to form a favorable impression of Mr. Bingley and determine that Elizabeth had perhaps not been exaggerating the "charms" of his sisters. Once their guests had left and Jane had refreshed herself the family sat down to tea. "Do tell us about the ball, Jane." Mrs. Gardiner insisted. "Were you resplendent? Your Mr. Bingley is quite handsome in his traveling clothes I imagine he would be even more so in formal wear. What a striking pair you must have made." "You know Jane will never admit to such a thing." Elizabeth teased. "We will have to wait for my mother's accounts to hear of Jane's beauty and the envy it incited. For now, we must content ourselves to hear how well everyone else looked." And that is what they heard. From Mr. Bingley to his sisters, to the Bennets, to their neighbors – everyone dressed in their finest presented, to Jane's view, a picture of beauty and elegance to be admired. She did reserve particular praise for one gentleman. "I will say that Mr. Darcy looked especially striking." Jane said and Elizabeth did not miss the assessing way her sister watched her as she spoke of Mr. Darcy. "Indeed, it was the talk of the ball." "And is he as skilled a dancer as I have been led to believe?" Mrs. Gardiner inquired with a look of her own directed at Elizabeth. "Indeed." Jane said with a smile. "With whom did he partner?" Elizabeth asked with practiced nonchalance, though she knew she fooled no one. "Caroline had hoped he would honor her with a dance. She spoke of it often during the preparations. However, she was disappointed." Jane said. "Mr. Darcy only danced with Bennet ladies and in fact he danced with all of us." "Even mother?" Elizabeth exclaimed. "Even mother." Jane confirmed. "She was nearly beside herself at the honor." Elizabeth considered this. Although Darcy had come to know and understand her family during the course of the time they spent together she would never have imagined that he would go so far as to dance with them. All of them. "That seems like an extraordinary compliment to your family." Mrs. Gardiner observed. "I wonder what he meant by it." It was clear she did not wonder, but felt she knew. Elizabeth had no response and Jane, being kindness itself, did not press any farther and moved the discussion along to the other elements of the ball including the sumptuous foods – Mr. Bingley keeps an excellent cook- and the beautiful decorations – Caroline really did have exquisite taste. Talk of the ball carried them until the evening meal where their uncle asked after more general concerns and Jane shared all the little happenings from Longbourn and its neighborhood that proved so interesting to those intimately connected to its inhabitants. Although Elizabeth had written Jane of her acquaintance with Miss Darcy she had not revealed either her conversation with Mr. Darcy in the park weeks earlier or her own growing confusion about how to proceed with that gentleman. This was not out of any desire to hide these facts from her sister, but rather more from an inability to put such important events and the feelings they caused to paper and the knowledge that Jane would shortly be in London to hear them in person. And so once her dear sister was in proximity once again Elizabeth did not waste any time. The very evening of Jane's arrival she poured out her heart, telling Jane all that had happened, including her final conversation with Mr. Darcy. "Oh Lizzie," Jane declared when she had finished. "How much has happened. What you must have felt, what you must be feeling even now. I wish I could have been here with you all along." "As do I, dear Jane. Of course you had far more important things to do than keep your headstrong sister from ruining any chance she had at happiness but I must confess I greatly fear that is what I have done." "What ever do you mean?" Jane asked with no small degree of surprise. "Lady Eleanor." Elizabeth said as if it was obvious. "The friend of the Darcy family you met yesterday? What has she to do with anything?" "Don't you see, I think I am too late." "Too Late? Lizzie, do you mean that you think Mr. Darcy harbors an affection for Lady Eleanor after only so recently declaring his intentions to you?" Jane asked. "Do you have so little faith in him?" When it was put to her like that, Elizabeth's fears, which she had barely allowed herself to think previously let alone articulate, did sound less plausible, but she would not be so easily persuaded. "But, Jane, theirs is a longstanding acquaintance and you did not see the way he looked at her, hear the way the three of them were together." Elizabeth did not want to be so convinced but this was what had haunted her. She had never seen Darcy so comfortable with any lady before. "Couple this with his words to me just prior to her arrival . . . from something he said when I was leaving I believe they have met several times these past weeks. While I was avoiding him she was . . they were . . . Jane what if I am too late?" "Too late for what, Lizzie? What is it you want?" Jane asked pointedly. "I want him. I want to tell him that I love him and have him tell me the same. Not at two separate times and in two separate places as we have done in the past but together at once." Elizabeth sighed, the longing evident in her tone. "I want it so badly, Jane and I am afraid, afraid that I have taken too long to be certain." "Nonsense." Jane declared with uncharacteristic vehemence. "You were right to be cautious. Mr. Darcy nearly broke your heart with his unwillingness to declare himself and his decision to value his social status over your heart. I am still angry about it!" "Jane." Elizabeth nearly laughed. "That is the most unforgiving speech I have ever heard from you." "Well I mean it, but I am somewhat mollified by his words to you in the park." "I am glad you are willing to consider him, Jane; however, if you have been paying attention the issue before us now is that he may no longer be considering me." "It is of course very important to have the approval of your big sister." Jane said with a smile. "And, Lizzie while I believe your worries are completely unfounded you know there is a simple way to determine the truth of the matter." "And that is?" Elizabeth asked, eager for a solution. "Speak with him, Lizzie." Jane said with a laugh at her normally perceptive sister's inability to see such an obvious answer.
So this was quicker right!? First, apologies – I accidentally deleted chapter 20 and then reposted it right away so if you got 2 notifications that is my fault. Sorry! As always thanks for the reviews, favs and follows – so appreciate the encouragement. Thanks to the guest who pointed out the misspelling of Georgiana's name. Not sure what the sigh in your post was meant to communicate but I do appreciate the correction! I am happy to receive constructive criticism; it helps me be a better writer. Something as simple as a misspelling or as complicated as a plot hole - please let me know if you see one! Like I think I changed Darcy's eye color from blue to brown possibly. So, that's not good. Not that Darcy's eyes are the plot . . or are they? I also realized that I have been occasionally spelling Lizzy with an "ie" while Ms. Austen used a "y" (5 minutes after I drafted this note a helpful reviewer pointed this very thing out – I love you guys, this is exactly the kind of help I need because 9x out of 10 I am not coming up with this on my own!). I will go back and correct eventually but for now will just try and do the right thing going forward. Hope you enjoy! "It is of course very important to have the approval of your big sister." Jane said with a smile. "And, Lizzy while I believe your worries are completely unfounded, you know there is a simple way to determine the truth of the matter." "And that is?" Elizabeth asked, eager for a solution. "Speak with him, Lizzy." Jane said with a laugh at her normally perceptive sister's inability to see such an obvious answer. Elizabeth agreed with Jane, after thinking about it all night, that a talk with Mr. Darcy was the only way to proceed. Even a day of the kind of uncertainty his words and Lady Eleanor's presence had caused was enough to convince her that she would rather know her fate than continue to live with all of the what ifs her rather fertile imagination seemed capable of creating. However, in this case resolve proved insufficient. Jane's arrival marked a significant change in Elizabeth's daily routine. She no longer had a standing arrangement to see Georgiana each day. In addition, the demands of shopping for Jane's wedding clothes and entertaining the Bingley family took up much of their time. Consequently, a week after her resolution had been formed Elizabeth still had not encountered Mr. Darcy. "A morning at home, whatever shall we do with ourselves." Mrs. Gardiner exclaimed as she took up her needlework and sat down with her nieces in the parlor. "Oh, Aunt I am sorry if you have been fatigued or inconvenienced by all of the activity surrounding my presence. I do wish mother's list regarding my wardrobe was not so long." Jane said with genuine concern. "My dear, you must know I am teasing. I have enjoyed every moment of your time here." Madeline said with a fond smile. "Perhaps not every moment." Elizabeth said with a smile of her own, thinking of dinner the previous evening. Caroline Bingley had been especially imperious attempting to show off her own superior manners and education by endeavoring to make the Gardiners feel and look inferior which of course only did the reverse. By the time Miss Bingley and the Hearsts left Elizabeth, the Gardiners and even poor Jane were wishing they had never come at all. Mr. Bingley went so far as to apologize to the entire family. "Charles assured me he will speak to her." Jane said quietly. "And did he impart this information during your rather lengthy and private leave taking?" Elizabeth asked. Jane blushed and laughed clearly willing to be teased away from thoughts of her increasingly unpleasant soon to be sisters. "Yes it was." She answered boldly, but quickly ducked her head at the raised brow of her aunt. The three ladies were still laughing when callers were announced. "Miss Georgiana Darcy, Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy and Lady Eleanor Fischer." Mrs. Ferris, the plump and congenial housekeeper announced as she bustled off with their outerwear. Although struck with a myriad of emotions as a result of the three guests now making their way into her aunt's parlor Elizabeth felt herself equal to the task, which fell to her, of making the necessary introductions. Once this office was performed and the appropriate delight was declared the parties undertook to find seats which would allow them to become better acquainted. Georgiana announced that she would sit by Miss Bennet as she was wild to hear about the shopping she had done since her arrival and to anticipate their planned excursion to Georgiana's own modiste the following week. With a meaningful look at Darcy Lady Eleanor took a seat by Mrs. Gardiner. This left that gentleman and Elizabeth, who looked at one another for a long moment before the former indicated a pair of chairs quite apart from the others and asked Elizabeth to join him. She did. All the while assuring herself she would not shrink from the task she set for herself earlier in the week. Initially they spoke of the weather, it had been particularly warm for that time of year. Then of their mutual acquaintances. The colonel was well, but had been called to his regiment in the south, they expected him to return for the holidays. The holidays, these too were canvassed. Jane and Elizabeth would return to Longbourn, Darcy and Georgiana would stay and celebrate with their family in town. Finally, Elizabeth summoned her courage and resolved to broach the subject. She had just determined to make a declaration rather than ask a question when Mrs. Ferris entered the room and declared herself in possession of an express from Longbourn for Mrs. Gardiner. Elizabeth was seized with dread. An express likely brought ill news. She rose from her seat, looking at her aunt with concern. Madeline waved her hand at the room and spoke with an air of calmness. "Please do not concern yourselves. It is from my sister, Mrs. Bennet who might consider a cold enough of an emergency to warrant an express. If you will excuse me." With a pointed look at her nieces, which they knew meant to entertain their guests, she left the room. Jane, unable to do anything, but comply with her aunt's unspoken command began a conversation with Lady Eleanor. Georgiana had risen and she now came to Elizabeth's side. Knowing her friend wanted to offer comfort in the event it was needed Elizabeth gave her a smile of reassurance and thanks. Mr. Darcy rose and allowed his sister to sit beside Elizabeth. Moments later Mrs. Gardiner reentered with an exasperated look on her normally serene countenance. "As I know you are all trying very hard not to appear as if you are quite anxious I will relieve you at once. I am sure Jane and Elizabeth will not mind my sharing the contents of this particular letter." She said. "It seems their younger sister Mary is engaged to be married to their cousin Mr. Collins." Everyone immediately expressed their delight and congratulations. It was Lady Eleanor, the person least familiar with the disposition of Mrs. Bennet and therefore unable to guess, who posed the question a few moments later. "Is there a reason this news was sent via express, which was as likely as not to cause alarm?" she asked. "Perhaps, your mother simply wished to pass on the good news as quickly as possible?" Mrs. Gardiner smiled at this. "No, Mrs. Bennet did have urgent business in mind." She offered. "I did not mean to pry." Lady Eleanor said quickly. "Of course not, dear. We would not have thought it." Mrs. Gardiner assured her. "I believe I can guess what business my mother deemed sufficiently urgent to warrant an express." Elizabeth said. "I only wonder at my father allowing it." "Do not keep us in suspense, Lizzy!" Georgiana demanded and Elizabeth had to laugh at her friend. How far the shy girl had come since the first days of their acquaintance. "Wedding clothes." Jane and Elizabeth said together. "Indeed," Mrs. Gardiner confirmed. "She writes to ensure we procure the necessities on Mary's behalf as she is to married from Longbourn within the month and does not wish to be troubled by it. Of course your mother insists she be outfitted properly and so she needed to be sure we received the letter in time to place orders that you might return with them next week." "An absolute necessity." Elizabeth said. They all laughed. Georgiana was eager to catch her friend up on all she had missed for the past week and soon the two were deep in conversation on books read and visits had. Elizabeth noted that while at first Darcy seemed to attend everything they were saying he soon drifted to the other side of the room where her aunt and Lady Eleanor had resumed their conversation which now included Jane. "I am only hoping the wedding will take place within the year." Georgiana was saying. Elizabeth realized she had allowed herself to be distracted by Darcy and Lady Eleanor. "My apologies, Georgiana." She said. "Of what were you speaking?" "Of Lady Eleanor joining our family." She said with a broad smile. "It has not yet been announced but William said I could tell you and I was anxious to share my joy. I am so happy for them." Elizabeth nodded and attempted some sound of assent to show Georgiana she was listening and conceal the fact that this news had just shattered her heart. It was no use however; she could feel her control slipping in a mere moment. Mumbling an excuse about needing air she escaped quietly and quickly out the nearest door. The small garden behind the Gardiner's home had been brought to life by her aunt's love of flowers and trees. It had one small path and a cozy bench under a sizable oak. One of its best features was that it abutted the park giving it the feel of a large open space even while it still had places where Elizabeth felt she could hide away when she needed to be alone. As she did now. Tucking herself onto the bench under the oak, its long branches shielding her from view of the house, she placed her face in her hands. "It is my fault." "I do not know to what you refer, but I cannot imagine that to be the case." Came a beloved, yet now very unwelcome voice. "Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth said, rising quickly. Of course he had followed her here. Now that she considered it she wondered why she ever thought he might not. Her distress was obvious and regardless of all else she knew he cared for her. "You are unwell." It was both a statement and a question. "When I asked Georgie what had precipitated your departure Jane insisted I come talk to you and explain. I must confess I don't entirely understand, but she said I must be very clear." They stood facing one another, assessing, waiting. Elizabeth took a steadying breath and answered. "I confess that I would like some clarity and honesty from you, Mr. Darcy." She began. "I am finding the revelations of today difficult to understand . . . difficult to . . .bear." "Elizabeth I would do anything to alleviate your distress," he said reaching a hand out to her, but she pulled back and he did not press. "Perhaps we might begin by being clear on what those revelations are." He said his brow creasing. "What those revelations are!" she burst out, both hands in the air. "You just said Georgiana told you of what we spoke. You know. You know I know. And yet you affect astonishment that I am caught off guard. That I am confused. That I am . . hurt." Her words were forceful, angry. Until the last, which was pressed from her lips most unwillingly. It came out softly, gently. She looked down as she said it and a tear slipped down her cheek. "Elizabeth." Darcy said reaching out and although it made no sense to accept comfort from the very person who caused her pain Elizabeth allowed herself to be drawn into his arms. For the first and last time, she allowed it. It felt marvelous to have his strength surround her, just for a moment. "Please help me understand, my love. I cannot bear to see you hurting." After a moment he moved back slightly, though keeping her within his embrace, and asked again, "please, Elizabeth will you tell me why the prospect of Stephen marrying Lady Eleanor has you so upset? Is it because things between us are so unsettled? Have I again done something to offend you? I am sorry if this is the case. I will . .. What ever else Darcy said was lost on Elizabeth as she struggled to understand the beginning of his speech. Lady Eleanor and the Colonel! Replaying what Georgiana had said and the interactions between Lady Eleanor and Darcy . . . it all fit and Elizabeth felt a deep sense of shame for having doubted him, but this was nothing to the joy she felt at having been wrong. When she emerged from these reflections Darcy had finished speaking and was regarding her with concern and apprehension. "I am sorry." She said sincerely, laying her head once again on his chest then looking up confessed, "I misunderstood, Georgiana spoke only of her joining the family and a wedding." She watched as understanding dawned in Darcy's bright blue eyes. Then saw relieved comprehension turn to wounded anger. "Elizabeth, how could you." He sounded genuinely hurt. Then quickly he added, "of course I have given you very little reason to trust me." "No, no it was not that." Elizabeth rushed to explain. "I thought I had waited too long. That you, believing me indifferent, had turned to a lady you had long known and held in high esteem. I thought it was too soon after all that had passed between us, but I did not blame you. I only wished I had told you earlier." "Told me what?" He asked when she did not continue, his eyes alight with hope and the same longing she had only glimpsed that day on the road to Longbourn that now seemed so long ago. Elizabeth felt all the import of the moment. She knew she held their future in her hands and she was not at all afraid anymore. "Could we sit?" she asked indicating the bench. When Darcy had seated himself she joined him and looked at him for a long moment before she began. It was incredible to her that this man loved her and that despite all their missteps and misunderstandings they had arrived here at last. "Fitzwilliam," she began, taking his hands in hers. "Your friendship showed me what it meant to have someone listen, understand and challenge me in ways I had never thought possible. I never knew that I would enjoy and even look forward to be disagreed with and proven wrong with such regularity." She smiled. "I can hardly think of an instance where I prevailed in our arguments, but I will not stop you here to belabor the point as I am more than anxious for you to continue." Darcy said and Elizabeth felt some guilt at hearing the tension in his voice alongside the humor. "As I told in you in the garden at Longbourn," he looked down at these words, but she pulled at his hands and he met her eyes again. "As I told you, I assured myself friendship was all I sought, but before I even knew what I had done I was in love with you and there was nothing I could do about it. We will not canvass that discussion anymore, you know the hurt it caused me, but it was also part of the journey that led us here so I cannot now regret it. In the park your words filled me with hope, but I was also scared and so I hesitated. As more time went by and I did not see you I found myself missing you terribly. Missing my friend. I wanted to be near you just to know that you were well, to talk to you about the book I was reading, to argue with you about the debate in parliament – I knew we would disagree – to show you a feather I found in the park and to hear what you had been doing. In short, I wanted to share with you everything that was significant and insignificant in your life and mine. Not just today and tomorrow but for the rest of our lives." She stopped and smiled sheepishly. "I realize have skipped over something you may consider important. I love you, Fitzwilliam Darcy, deeply and irrevocably and my answer is yes." "Yes?" He repeated cautiously. "As this has been a day of misunderstandings could we be absolutely certain as to question you are answering?" "Yes I will marry you." She said with brilliant smile. "If you are still interested in such an arrangement." "If I am still . . . "Darcy sputtered. "Elizabeth, are you in earnest? You are certain?" "Do you wish to change my mind?" She challenged. "No, indeed I do not." He declared. "I only want to be sure you are truly certain this is what you want. I am what you want. Elizabeth, I failed you from the first with my arrogance my selfishness . . ." "And I failed you at the second with my unwillingness to trust and fearfulness." She countered. "Neither of us performed perfectly during this very unusual courtship. But none of that matters now. What matters is that we are here, now. What matters is where we will be tomorrow." "You are a very wise woman." Darcy said softly taking his hands from hers and placing them on either side of her face. "My dearest, loveliest, Elizabeth." His lips brushed hers gently and although she found the sensation pleasing it was not enough. She reached her arms around his neck drawing him closer and deepened the kiss. If the sound this elicited was any indication Darcy had no objection. Several minutes later Darcy drew back, but only far enough to place his forehead on hers. When his breathing had returned to something close to normal he said, "Elizabeth, we should return to the house." "If that is your wish." She said with an impish smile making no move to separate herself from him. "It is not my wish, but you can only trust me so far, my love when you look at me like that." He smiled and kissed her quickly. Standing, he offered Elizabeth his hand and helped her rise. "You are to be my husband and I cannot trust you?" She said sounding shocked. "When I am your husband you needn't worry." He said with a raised brow. Then tucking her arm in his and pulling her close to his side they walked together toward the house.
"When I am your husband you needn't worry." He said with a raised brow. Then tucking her arm in his and pulling her close to his side they walked together toward the house. Before they had gone too far Georgiana came rushing to meet them. "Elizabeth, please accept my apologies." She said quickly. "This is all my fault. It is Stephen who is to marry Lady Eleanor not William. I did not know what upset you, but Jane finally explained and I am mortified that I was the cause of any distress for you and any discord between you and my brother . . ." Here she paused and seemed to notice how closely Elizabeth stood to her brother. Her eyes darting between their arms, their faces and then back to their arms. Upon closer examination she must have also noticed their broad smiles which they seemed unable to contain. "Georgiana," Elizabeth said with a mischievous smile. "I want to accept your apology, but I find I cannot." "Elizabeth . . . "Her friend protested. "No, you see in the first place the mistake was mine. I jumped to an erroneous conclusion. You did nothing wrong. In addition, had you been more clear your brother and I may have taken an unbearably long time to get to the point. We are not the most reasonable people you know." "The point?" Georgiana repeated with a hopeful smile. "Does this mean I am finally to have a sister?" "Does this please you?" Darcy asked as if she had never expressed such an idea to him. In answer, she threw her arms around Elizabeth and may have mumbled something about joy, family and Pemberley. Elizabeth did not catch all of the words, but the sentiment was clear enough for both she and Darcy to understand her completely. He offered his other arm to Georgiana and the three of them made their way inside. The announcement was greeted with all of the joy one would expect. "Elizabeth please allow me to express my particular congratulations and joy," Lady Eleanor said taking Elizabeth's hands in her own. "William has spoken of nothing but you since I returned to London. Previously, his letters were filled with you. I am so glad your story has come to such a happy conclusion and I am so sorry for the role I inadvertently played in causing you pain." "Thank you, Lady Eleanor, but as I have just recently apprised Georgiana, the fault for that is entirely mine." "And I am to be commended for helping them come to the point!" Georgiana put in with a wide smile. "It is true that you were taking your time." Madeline agreed. "Well I am sorry you all had to wait so long." Elizabeth said with an exasperated sigh, then she caught sight of Darcy's shy smile and she could not help smiling in return. Soon they were lost in their own world, though they were seated quite apart from one another. A cough and word from Jane brought them back to themselves. The others who laughed at their inattention, but refrained from teasing the pair. When Darcy expressed concern that they not spread the news any further before he obtained Mr. Bennet's consent Mrs. Gardiner gave him credit for his sentiment but assured him there was no harm in their family party knowing at this time. "We will not betray you, Mr. Darcy." She said, "and I think I can assuage any apprehension you might have regarding Mr. Bennet." "How so, Aunt?" Elizabeth wondered. Although she doubted her father would, in the end, withhold his approval she did fear that his anger over what she had suffered when Darcy first left Netherfield would color his initial interactions when that gentleman came to call seeking permission for her hand. "Just yesterday I received a letter from your father. A surprising occurrence in and of itself. Its content was even more so. He indicated that I was to do all I could to affect a meeting between yourselves." She motioned between Elizabeth and Darcy. "He seemed to believe that once this was accomplished you would take care of the rest, but he left me in no doubt about his thoughts as to a union between the two of you. He saw it as a happy inevitability that he wished to help along." "That is surprising, Aunt. First, I must ask if you are certain this letter was in fact from my father? Could it not have been mother? Did you perhaps miss the "s" and just think you saw Mr. when it was in fact Mrs. Bennet." Elizabeth asked, only half teasing. "No indeed, the handwriting and sardonic wit were all Mr. Bennet, my dear." Mrs. Gardiner assured her niece. "Are you surprised at your father's approval or his means of expressing it?" Elizabeth looked at Darcy who had a brow raised in question. She didn't want to hurt his feelings, but the answer of course was both. With her flawless instincts her aunt sensed Elizabeth's answer was more than she wished to share in company and so she shifted the conversation. It was only later when Elizabeth and Darcy were afforded a few moments of privacy to say farewell that he brought up her aunt's question. "Were you concerned, Elizabeth?" He asked drawing her close. "I was." She answered in all honesty. "I knew he would not withhold his consent in the end, but at first I feared he would . . . be concerned." "Because of how I left you." Darcy guessed. "He knows of our conversation." "He knew enough. I did not tell him at first, but I was so . . . so unlike myself he felt he was owed an explanation." "Say no more, it is no one's fault but my own. I will meet with my solicitor tomorrow and ride to Longbourn the next day." "Is that really necessary?" Elizabeth asked. "We know my father will grant his consent. Must you leave so soon?" Darcy regarded her with a bright smile before he answered. "Elizabeth, I cannot tell you how good it is to hear you express your regret at our being apart." He quickly pressed his lips to hers. "It almost, almost, makes it worth it. Every moment we have been apart these past weeks has been torture and not knowing what you were thinking, feeling, wanting during that time only sharpened the pain. This short parting will be much more bearable." "Very well." She sighed. "I suppose I should not expect to see you for several days." "Do not be so sure." He smiled again, his beloved dimple making an appearance. "I have been assured several times over the past few days that you desire my company and as I have tried to tell you, what I desire is to make you happy. Therefore, I will call here with Georgiana before I meet with my solicitor tomorrow and perhaps you and your sister might come to Darcy House the next morning before I leave for Hertfordshire. Does than meet with your approval?" "Indeed it does, Sir." "Darcy, we have lingered as long as we possibly can." Lady Eleanor said as she and Georgiana came in to the foyer followed by Jane and Mrs. Gardiner. "I am afraid we have run out of pleasantries to exchange regarding our imminent departure." "Of course, Lady Eleanor, my apologies." Darcy said, blushing slightly. "Miss Elizabeth, may I say again how delighted I am at the prospect of our becoming family." Looking at Jane and Mrs. Gardiner she added, "at us all becoming family. My own happiness feels somehow more complete knowing Darcy has found his and that it comes in such a delightful form that I can approve of so thoroughly." More goodbyes were said, plans made and at last the Darcys and Lady Eleanor departed, with decided reluctance, and the others made their way back inside.
My dear wonderful readers, I am so profoundly sorry it has taken me so long to update. Some real-life intrusions can be blamed but mostly I had been uninspired and I apologize for failing to push through for so long. I have also finally written an epilogue for one of my other stories which has been essentially done but never marked complete for so long – Less Pride, Less Prejudice. It only needs an edit so I hope to post that soon and then I hope to actually publish it! I am also almost ready to update my Colonel Fitzwilliam story, likely tomorrow. So all that to say – sincere apologies and I hope to be generating more chapters on all fronts more regularly now. Thank you, as always, for reading and letting me know you are out there – it really does keep me going! More goodbyes were said, plans made and at last the Darcys and Lady Eleanor departed, with decided reluctance, and the others made their way back inside. "Elizabeth, if you do not cease fidgeting I will begin to think you regret your choice and are dreading presenting me to your family." Darcy said with a smile and a raised brow. "In addition to this little project." Georgiana said, pointing to Elizabeth's lap. "You have been unusually silent." Smiling at her friend, Elizabeth looked at the ribbon in her hand. She had removed it from her reticule without any clear idea what she intended to do with it. Now it was wound around one hand as she picked at the end with the fingers of the other. Her ribbons were paying the price for her inability to relieve her nerves with physical exertion. Although she did not for a moment regret her answer to him two days ago she was now regretting that Darcy was now only moments from Longbourn's front door ready to make public their attachment. His aversion to her mother and younger sisters was longstanding and though she did not doubt his love and affection any longer she did not want him to have cause to question his choice to connect himself to her family. When she made no response to his teasing Darcy grew serious. "You doubt me." She looked at him and saw the real concern in his eyes. She hated to be the cause of any pain, but she would never be less than honest with him. How could she fully explain with Georgiana present? Unwilling to say something that would add to any preformed ideas the young girl already about the people she was about to meet Elizabeth only said, "Not in the way you are imagining." They had just turned down the lane that would lead them to Longbourn's front gate. Darcy tapped smartly on the roof two times and the carriage came to a halt. "Georgiana, Elizabeth and I will walk the remainder of the way." At his sister's panicked expression, he placed a hand on shoulder. "I will instruct Miles you are not to enter the grounds until we have reached Longbourn ahead of you." "Thank you, brother." She said with a smile as Darcy stepped out of the carriage and turned back for Elizabeth. "Am I not to be consulted?" she asked only half in jest. "We both know you would much rather be out of this carriage than in it." Georgiana said with a smile. "We both also know that you and my brother have things to say to one another that you would rather say without me present." "You are wise beyond your years, Georgiana." Elizabeth said taking Darcy's hand. "But you must know I vastly prefer your company to your brother's" "I heard that." Darcy said as they began walking down the lane which would bring them to Longbourn. "You were meant to." Elizabeth answered. "Now tell me why we have abandoned your sister." "I do not intend to be greeting your family for the first time as your betrothed all while wondering if some look or gesture on my part is causing you to question all over again my devotion or my commitment to marry you. I thought we had settled these difficulties, but if we have not I would hear your concerns now, before we are in company and cannot speak." "William, I am sorry to cause you pain. It is not that I doubt you, truly. It is only . . . you do remember what they are like? How can I not have some concern that once you are in their presence again you will begin to have some misgivings? "Elizabeth, I understand that I have given you cause to doubt me and there are likely no words I can speak now to assuage your fears, but please hear me anyway. My love for you is not the work of an hour, a day or a week. You are in my heart, securely and permanently. No relations, no matter how enthusiastic or eccentric will dissuade me from my choice. However, I think you will find things a little different than you expect at Longbourn." Elizabeth, who was quite moved by Darcy's words of love and constancy, found her curiosity piqued by his final comments. They had come to the gate which led them onto the paths of Longbourn and they walked in silence for several minutes. She could see the Bingley carriage entering the lane followed by that of the Darcy's. "All I ask is that you do not convict me without consulting me." Darcy said just before they emerged from the path onto Longbourn drive. The carriages had arrived; their passengers were alighting and the house's occupants were emerging to greet their guests. It was a chaotic scene. Darcy pressed a light kiss to her hand before excusing himself to tend to Georgiana. Mrs. Bennet was ordering the trunks unloaded, ensuring special care was taken with Jane's wedding things. Charles was standing with his sisters who looked entirely displeased with everything, but he seemed to notice only Jane who was being fawned over by her mother who now moved on from the trunks to exclaim over the return of her daughters. Elizabeth was surprised to find herself included in this declaration. Mrs. Bennet inquired after her journey and expressed her joy at having Elizabeth home at last. Much more used to be ignored or berated these expressions of warmth immediately made her suspicious. She looked to her father, who had just come out to join the commotion, his sardonic expression indicated he was entirely too pleased with himself. Before she could determine what this expression might portend Elizabeth noticed how subdued a smiling Kitty and Lydia were. As she and her mother, who had taken her arm and was guiding her she knew not where, passed them they offered their welcome and nothing more. No boisterous petition for presents, no embarrassing demand for attention at all. The entire scene was so different from what she had imagined, from what she had every right to expect, Elizabeth did not know what to think. "Mr. Darcy, you are welcome, once again to Longbourn. Mr. Bennet has missed your conversations." Mrs. Bennet said as she and Elizabeth reached him. "I have missed them as well." Darcy said with a bow. "I have also missed your company and the hospitality of your table. May I introduce my sister, Miss Georgiana Darcy." "It is a pleasure to meet you at last, Miss Darcy. Your brother has told us so much about you. Look at how pretty you are and how fashionable." Mrs. Bennet said linking her arm with Georgiana's as she spoke. "We are so glad you have come. I understand you play quite well. My daughter Mary enjoys playing as well though I am sure she is not as accomplished as you. Might I introduce you to her? I believe you two are of an age." Georgianna looked to her brother with mild concern. It was clear the general chaos of the greetings, unpacking and introductions were more than she was used to, but the gentle motherly manner of Mrs. Bennet seemed to ease her. "You are in good hands." He assured her and she allowed herself to be led away. "What just happened?" Elizabeth asked, not bothering to keep the shock from her voice. "Did I not mention the supers I took at Longbourn while you were in London? The chess games with your father, the walks to Meryton with your mother and sisters?" "No, you did not." She accused. Darcy was not able to give any further explanation as Miss Bingley had joined them. "Mr. Darcy, I know you must be anxious to get Miss Darcy settled at Netherfield." She began, moving closer to Darcy than was necessary or comfortable. "Might I suggest I join you in your carriage and we leave Charles to enjoy the Bennet's hospitality as long as he desires." If she did not know Miss Bingley and if she could not hear the angry bitterness in her voice Elizabeth could almost believe she was just a kind sister and devoted friend trying to manage affairs to everyone's advantage. As it was, she knew Miss Bingley's main goal at the moment was to remove the Darcys from the pernicious influence of the Bennets and if she had to sacrifice her brother, who she likely viewed as too far gone already, so be it. "I thank you for your kind attention, Miss Bingley." Darcy said, stepping closer to Elizabeth and away from Caroline. "However, I have long anticipated introducing Georgiana to Elizabeth's family. I do not want to cut the visit short. In addition, I have a particular matter to discuss with Mr. Bennet and would like to do so immediately. If you and the Hursts desire to rest after your travels, please feel free to take Bingley's carriage. He has indicated a desire to remain, as you anticipated. He will return with us later." With that he offered Elizabeth his arm and they made their way to Mr. Bennet. The younger Bennets, along with Georgiana all went inside followed by Mrs. Bennet who called for Jane and Bingley to join her. "I imagine you and I are to have a conversation?" Mr. Bennet asked Darcy with a wink. "If it is not too much trouble." Darcy responded with a smile. "Not at all. It will provide me the perfect excuse to miss all the talk of lace and gowns. I should thank you." "Happy to be of service." It was too much! Darcy conversing amicably with her mother and now joking with her father. How much she missed while she nursed her wounds in London. Had he intentionally courted their goodwill? How soon after she left had he regretted his words in the garden? Elizabeth sincerely hoped the interview with her father would be brief so that she would have a chance to learn the details of Darcy's time in Hertfordshire. As it turned out she did not need to wait for him. Her sisters enlightened her without Elizabeth even needing to ask.
It was too much! Darcy conversing amicably with her mother and now joking with her father. How much she missed while she nursed her wounds in London. Had he intentionally courted their goodwill? How soon after she left had he regretted his words in the garden? Elizabeth sincerely hoped the interview with her father would be brief so that she would have a chance to learn the details of Darcy's time in Hertfordshire. As it turned out she did not need to wait for him. Her sisters enlightened her without Elizabeth even needing to ask. When Elizabeth entered the parlor she found Georgiana in conversation with Mary, her mother eagerly sharing news of the village with Jane and Bingley and Lydia and Kitty giggling in the corner. It was, for the most part, a familiar scene. Mrs. Bennet looked up as she took a seat. "Hill, will you bring tea and cakes please." Soon the party had settled in to conversation and refreshment. Elizabeth was pleased to see Georgiana and Mary getting to know one another. The subdued behavior of her mother and youngest sisters seemed to have lasted at least into the present moments. She continued to wonder at it, however Lydia soon demanded her attention in a manner she was much more accustomed to. "Lizzy, if Mr. Darcy is speaking to father for the obvious reason you must settle for us who has won our bet." "Lydia, I do not know if now is the best time to discuss the matter." Jane said and though her words were admonishing her tone held no censure and she smiled as she spoke. "I am afraid I have not the pleasure of understanding you." Elizabeth responded. Elizabeth was surprised to see Lydia, rather than storm ahead, look to Jane as if seeking permission to answer. "I suppose . . ." Jane began with a sigh. "Excellent." Lydia exclaimed, clapping her hands together. "Well my suggestion was a shopping excursion and I have noticed that both your gown and your gloves are new so I imagine it worked. I know you like books, but they are absolutely the least romantic thing on earth so I am certain Mary's idea was not even tried." Elizabeth stared at her youngest sister blankly and then looked to Jane for an explanation. "Lydia, you cannot begin in the middle." She said gently. "You must explain the genesis." "Yes, start with the dinner." Bingley laughed. "The dinner?" Elizabeth asked and she now noticed that though she was alive with curiosity the rest of the rooms occupants, save Genrgiana, were nodding and smiling at one another. "I suppose I am the best one to begin the tale." Mr. Bingley said after a moment. "As soon as I returned from London I noticed that Darcy was not quite himself. At first I assumed it was the result of having spent two days in the house with Caroline, which of course I could not blame him." "Charles." Jane admonished. "Darling, we cannot go on pretending her behavior does not merit the severest reproof. I have been too lenient. Her treatment of you and your family, her pursuit of Darcy . . ." "Yes, yes Miss Bingley must be dealt with," Kitty agreed, "but the point is Mr. Bingley brought Mr. Darcy with him to dinner on the evening of his return in an attempt to cheer him up." "He was less reticent that I had ever seen him, outside of your company." Mr. Bingley said. "I meant to stay by his side, but as usual once I was in the presence of my angel I am afraid I rather lost track of him." "He sought me out." Kitty said, somewhat shyly. "At first when I noticed him looking at me rather intently I thought I must have a stain on my dress or a bit of food in my teeth. Why else would such a man look at me so much or so closely?" Elizabeth laughed. It was so close to her own ideas of why Mr. Darcy had looked at her so often at the start of their acquaintance. "Then when he came and sat by me I was so surprised I simply asked him about it." "Asked him?" "Yes, I wanted to know why he had been looking at me." If only Elizabeth had tried such a direct approach when they had first become acquainted perhaps she and Mr. Darcy could have reached an understanding that much earlier. "And what was his answer?" "Can you not guess?" Kitty teased. When Elizabeth offered no answer Kitty laughingly explained. "We have always been told that among the Bennet sisters we look the most alike. Mr. Darcy agrees. He said he had not noticed the resemblance until that evening, but was struck by it upon his arrival. I was wearing an old gown of yours as well. He remembered you wearing it. Even the occasion." "Oh, Lizzy it was so romantic." Lydia gushed. "He sounded so forlorn." Elizabeth did not know whether to admonish her sister to stop speaking such nonsense or insist on hearing more of what was said and done that evening. She chose silence and hoped the story would continue. "Well after that I had to know." Lydia went on. "Why had he not offered for you? He was clearly in love with you. I mean many of the officers had been in love with me so I knew what it looked like. And Mr. Darcy . . . " "We all sympathized with Mr. Darcy but did not desire to violate his privacy." Jane interrupted gently. "Jane was of course very kind and sought to redirect the conversation once Lydia had jumped in and made it all about herself." Kitty said, a little of her old petulance returning. "However, Mr. Darcy then did another astonishing thing." "He asked us for help." Mary spoke for the first time. "He said as your sisters we knew you best and then asked how we thought he could win your forgiveness." "Of course we wanted to know what he needed forgiveness for!' Lydia declared. "But we did not press." Jane said. Of course, Jane knew the whole story, but even if she had not she would have sought to protect the privacy of everyone involved. "Yes, yes we would not dream of asking after matters that were not our concern." Mrs. Bennet said as if this were not what made up the vast majority of her daily activities. "He claimed you two had quarreled and he merely wanted to obtain your forgiveness. If he had other motives for which we could offer assistance we were all eager to help." "Everyone began speaking at once so eager were they to bring about a reconciliation." Mr. Bingley said. "That's when Darcy had the idea for the bets." "We were each to present our best idea on what would win your forgiveness and then ask for what we wanted if our idea worked." Kitty explained. "I told him to take you shopping for new clothes and gloves and all such things. I know you pretend not to like new gowns and ribbons and bonnets as much as Kitty and I but you only let us have them because you are nicer than us not because you do not want new things." Lydia said in a tone that was at once brash and gentle. "You deserve new things." Elizabeth was surprised that Lydia understood this much about her. She did like to have a new gown or a new piece of lace when she could, but would much rather her sisters had them when the funds to make purchases were limited. "Well, did I win?" she asked. "No," Elizabeth answered with a smile, imagining how she would have reacted if Darcy had shown up at the Gardiners insisting on taking her shopping all around London. "But I appreciate your suggestion and I did, as you noticed, purchase a new gown while shopping with Georgiana." Elizabeth looked to her future sister to see how she was reacted to all of this talk about her brother, but she seemed only curious. Lydia huffed her disappointment, but Kitty was asking about her own suggestion next. "I told him to read you poetry." She said. "I told him of your love of the Williams and he seemed to find it very encouraging since his name is practically William." "I still do not understand about the Williams." Bingley said. "Neither did I, but Kitty explained it to me. All the poets Lizzy likes are named William." Lydia offered. "Not all of them." Kitty said, "just her favorites. Wordsworth, Blake and of course Shakespeare who is more than a poet, but Lizzy loves his sonnets." Again, Elizabeth felt she had not given a sister enough credit. Kitty was often present when she was reading and Elizabeth would share a verse or two out of her own enthusiasm, but she had not believed that Kitty was ever paying that much attention. "You are certainly right about my favorites, Kitty." Elizabeth said smiling at her sister and easily discerning how Darcy could have traced a resemblance between them. Though Kitty was taller and her face a little rounder they had the same dark hair, the same deep brown eyes and Elizabeth imagined she would look much as Kitty did now when she was happily anticipating a victory. "However, Mr. Darcy did not use poetry to win my forgiveness." Kitty's face fell. "Mary?" Elizabeth asked. "Books." Mary answered quietly. "Books?" Elizabeth inquired. "We all know how much you love to read and I thought perhaps if Mr. Darcy showed you he knew this about you as well and gave you a book he knew you were particularly fond of you would possibly be more amenable to his explanations and apology." "Did you offer him any ideas as to which titles would be best?" Elizabeth asked, thinking her sister's suggestion a wise one. She would indeed have been touched had Darcy done as Mary advised. "Of course not." Mary responded with near indignation, "that would defeat the purpose. He needed to show you he knew you. My telling him of your favorites would not have allowed that." "While your plan was a good one, Mary, Mr. Darcy did not follow it." Mary did not seem surprised by this and Elizabeth wanted to encourage her shy sister further. It truly had been a good idea. However, Lydia was more interested in discovering the "winner". "We should have known none of us stood a chance against Jane." She lamented. "Et tu, Jane?" Elizabeth asked her beloved sister and best friend, surprised she had participated. 'Mr. Darcy seemed sincere in his desire to demonstrate his contrition. I was happy to assist him." Jane said with a smile. "And what did you suggest?" 'I told him that while my sisters ideas were all thoughtful and insightful I imagined all you would really require was a sincere apology and a thorough explanation.' Jane said the last with a meaningful look which Lizzy well understood. Jane herself required a full explanation regarding Mr. Darcy's words and behavior that day in the garden. She wondered if he had provided it to her before he left for London. Lizzy felt she must declare Jane the winner as Mr. Darcy had indeed done as she had suggested, but before she could do so the gentleman himself spoke from the doorway. "Miss Bennet's advice was sound and though I took it to heart it was your father's that I followed most earnestly." "Mrs. Bennet, Miss Darcy, Mr. Bingley, girls, I imagine none of you are in ignorance as to the topic of my conversation with Mr. Darcy. Indeed, given his presence in our house these past weeks I think we were all wondering what took him so long to get to the point." Mr. Bennet said cheerfully. "Lizzy, Mr. Darcy tells me that after much convincing and cajoling he has finally managed to persuade you that marriage to him will not be so terrible after all." "I believe I can bear it." Elizabeth said softly, her eyes resting on Darcy as a smile formed on both of their lips. For a moment it was clear they had forgotten anyone else was in the room. "Then we must all congratulate the happy couple." Mr. Bennet said and Elizabeth heard real pride in his voice. He was pleased with her choice and she was happy to have given him this joy. If Darcy really had spent so much time with her family her father must know what a good man he was. The room erupted with effusive congratulations, well wishes and speculations about all manner of wedding and marriage related things. Elizabeth simply smiled serenely through it all, occasionally glancing at Darcy to see how he bore it. He looked sanguine. Content even. Making her way over to him several minutes later she was curious to know: "What was my father's advice?" "He said that you would not require grand gestures or even a great act of penance on my part. What he thought you would need was for me to show you I was honest, humble and committed to you. He said I shouldn't hide my concerns, but nor should I hide my love and he advised me to not allow my pride to get in the way of demonstrating how far I was willing to go to win you." "He knew you were not merely trying to apologize and restore a friendship." "Your father knew I was in love with you almost from the very moment I did, Elizabeth. The man's powers of perception frighten me." "Well, he was right about what I needed from you that is certainly true." "I will forever be thankful for his words of wisdom and his willingness to look past my earlier pride and foolishness. I owe him everything." "And what did he claim as his prize?" "If you will allow me I will share that with everyone when we declare him the winner." He said with a quick kiss to her hand and that smile, the one that showed his dimple and lit his eyes. Elizabeth was certain she would never feel quite steady when he flashed that smile in her direction. Maybe after fifty years, but certainly not for some time. He really was too handsome for her own good.
My sincere apologies for the long long delay. I hope to update all my stories this week and finish this one before the end of the month. Thank you for your patience, for sticking with me and for the favs, follows and reviews – I am so encouraged by this community! "If you will allow me I will share that with everyone when we declare him the winner." He said with a quick kiss to her hand and that smile, the one that showed his dimple and lit his eyes. Elizabeth was certain she would never feel quite steady when he flashed that smile in her direction. Maybe after fifty years, but certainly not for some time. He really was too handsome for her own good. "But first," Darcy said, tearing his eyes from Elizabeth with obvious reluctance. "I would like to present my future sisters with the gifts I have brought." He led them all into the dining room, where on the table sat several packages. "The presents are from William, but I must take credit for the pretty wrapping." Georgiana declared shyly as they gathered around the table. The girls exclaimed their delight as Darcy presented them each with a gift. They found that despite not having given the advice he followed Darcy had gotten them each something very close to what they asked for that day the bets were made. For Lydia, a new gown straight from Georgiana's London modiste. "It is exquisite! Mama, look at the lace! It looks just like the ones in the fashion magazines. I cannot wait to show Maria and Hatty and . . . well everyone. They will be so jealous!" Elizabeth who had spent most of the morning marveling at the changes in her family supposed reformation could only be taken so far so fast. Lydia was Lydia after all. "You will need to have some alteration made I am certain." Georgian said to Lydia as the younger girl gently placed the dress back in the box. "I did not know your measurements of course." This idea had not seemed to occur to Lydia. "However did you get it so close?" she asked. "It seemed to be the right length and width when I held it up." "Yes well . . ." Georgianna seemed slightly uncomfortable. "Come now you must tell me." Lydia insisted, noting that the others were not paying them any attention she added, "I will not tell anyone." "Of course William had no idea of measurements but when he mentioned you were somewhat taller than Elizabeth, he imagined a few inches and well . . . a few other differences I took one of her dresses, explained the adjustments to be made and the modiste did the rest." Lydia laughed at this but did not tease the blushing girl further, rather they turned back to the rest of the family as Darcy presented Kitty with her gift, drawing materials. Although what she had asked for was an introduction to Colonel Fitzwilliam. During their talks, while Elizabeth was in London, Darcy and Kitty had actually become friends and he had begun to look upon as a little sister. He had not even known he had mentioned the Colonel so much or that this would leave such an impression on his would-be sister, but he was not surprised when she made her request. He knew of her fondness for men in uniform even if she had begun to be more circumspect in her demonstration of it. Naturally she would be curious about a gentleman he himself held in high esteem who also happened to wear the beloved red coat. She, however seemed delighted with the gift though she did tease him for not delivering what she had actually wanted. "He will of course attend the wedding and so I can promise to introduce you at that time." Darcy offered with a smile at the same time Elizabeth was lamenting Kitty's forwardness with a look of admonition. Darcy's smile seemed to promise some explanation and so she schooled her features considering again how much she had missed. To Mary he gave some sheet music she had specifically requested. "I would also like to arrange for you to have lessons with Georgiana's music master when you visit us in London if that is agreeable to you." Darcy offered with the gentle kindness Elizabeth had come to see was more a part of his nature than the prideful arrogance she had seen so much of those first few weeks of their acquaintance. Mary went so far as to hug her future brother at this announcement, so overcome with gratitude was she. Darcy stammered a thank you and the two awkwardly resumed their places. "As for Miss Bennet, though she at first refused to name a prize I think hers will please us all." "What did she ask for?" Elizabeth wondered. "Jane has asked that we all be invited to Pemberley for Christmas." Bingley explained, gazing fondly at his betrothed. "What a wonderful idea!" Elizabeth said, clearly delighted at the prospect, but then turning to Darcy. "Perhaps we should speak before we make plans, however." "If you wish to consult my feelings I will tell them to you." He said. "I would be happy to host your sisters and parents and of course Bingley, who will by then be our brother for an extended stay at Christmas. I also hope the Gardiners and their children will be able to join us. Colonel Fitzwilliam has expressed interest in being one of the party, with your permission. Pemberley has too long been a somber place at Christmas. Both Georgianna and I are delighted at the prospect of playing host to a large party for the holidays. But of course, you will then be mistress and so your wishes are the only ones that matter." Elizabeth did not think this was quite true. All their wishes were important, but since he had just stated his, and Georgiana's, a quick glance at the young girl's smiling countenance confirmed her enthusiastic agreement, she imagined hers simply needed to be stated in order to forward the plan. "Then I suppose Jane too will have what she has asked for." Elizabeth said with a smile. The entire party expressed their delight with varying degrees of decorum. Although Elizabeth noted that in accordance with the altered behavior of all, her mother and sisters were less loud and boisterous than she would have predicted and Mary was more effusive with no moral to offer the group only a word of excitement along with all the others. Eventually the din reached manageable proportions and discussions of carriages and inns and rooms and parties had been canvassed thoroughly. At least to the extent possible with a travel date still so far out as to make specific plans impossible. It was then that Elizabeth remembered the "winner" of the contest had yet been given no reward. Nor was their one left on the table. "Father, Darcy has stated that your advice was that which he followed and I must confess myself grateful for your wise counsel." Although she had begun her speech in a lighthearted tone Elizabeth felt herself becoming affected. Darcy had come to London to win her, had sought all of this advice to that end. But before that she had languished there in the firm belief that there was no hope. She remembered those weeks without him and how she felt as she tried to imagine a life without him. "Elizabeth," she was recalled to herself by a most beloved voice and a gentle squeeze of her hands. Looking up, the danger of being lost in a hopeless past was quickly converted to that of being lost in an extraordinary future in the form of a dimpled smile and bright blue eyes. "You were saying?" Darcy asked with some confusion. "Yes, I was." She smiled back at him, drawing away from the painful past and focusing herself on what she had intended to say. "I only meant to inquire as to my father's boon. I do not see a box of cigars or a fine brandy," she said naming two of father's favorite indulgences. "what is it he named as his prize?" "Can you not imagine, Lizzy?" Mr. Bennet asked with a smile. "Can you not think what I would enjoy above all else?" "The library at Pemberley." Elizabeth said after a moment's thought. "Yes, exactly." He confirmed. "Your father asked to be allowed use of our library whenever he wished. I was only too happy to comply." Darcy said with a fond look at Mr. Bennet that warmed Lizzy's heart. "I do hope you avail yourself of it often." She said with a smile. "I intend to, Lizzy."
