The carriage came to a stop in front of the assembly hall and he impatiently waited for the driver to open the door. He was about ready to reach for it, when it was yanked open by the footman, and the step was lowered. Jumping out of the carriage, he reached up, and helped his sisters to the ground. Straightening his regimentals, he held out his both arms for his sisters and walked them inside. His oldest sister gave his arm a light squeeze and he looked down in to her pale green eyes. Raising a brow, he asked, "What is it?" "Put a smile on your face. You look like you are going to your death, Michael." Charlotte told her younger brother with a small smile. She left him standing by the door when she saw her best friend waving to her, not bothering to hear what he had for an answer. Turning to his younger sister, he asked, "Are you going to leave me too Maria?" "I'm sorry Michael, but I see Kitty and Lydia Bennet by the refreshment table. I will find you later," she said and took off towards her friends. Lieutenant Michael Lucas looked around at the sound of the Bennet name, trying to find the one young lady he really wanted to see after three years. He had left at the age of eighteen to join the regiment and this was the first time he had been home in those three years. Walking further in to the crowds of people and dancers, his eyes scanned the room. Where is she?He thought as he searched for the familiar face. He decided to walk around the outside of the crowd of people hoping to spot her. making his way through various groups of young people, it took him longer than he thought to reach his destination, when everyone kept stopping him to see how he was doing and wondering how long he would be in Meryton. "Mr. Lucas, it's good to see you again. How have you been?" Mr. Bennet asked when Michael walked past him. He stopped and bowed. "It's Lieutenant Lucas now, Mr. Bennet. It's good to see you again too and I have been doing well the last few months. If you will excuse me?" he quickly bowed to the older gentleman and made a hasty retreat. Lifting his eyes, he looked over the top of some of the dancers, and a smile lite his face when he saw the young woman he was looking for. Pushing his way through the people, he had almost reached her, when three young ladies stopped in front of him. Looking down, he groaned when he saw that it was the two youngest Bennet sisters and his youngest sister. He had heard that they liked to run after the militia men when they came to town. "Mr. Lucas, would you like to dance?" Lydia Bennet asked him and battered her lashed up at him. "I'm sorry, Miss Lydia, but I'm not in the mood for dancing tonight. If you will excuse me?" he bowed to the three ladies and made a hasty retreat for the second time that night. Walking past the refreshment table, Michael picked up two glasses of punch, and confidently strolled to a set of chairs, where he saw her sitting by herself. Her straight brown hair was pulled back at the nape of her neck and tonight he noticed that she was wearing a dark blue dress and it matched her eyes. When he approached, she was looking down, and fingering her dress. "Miss Mary?" He gave her a smile, when her head jerked up, and she stared wide eyed at him. Her glasses were perched at the end of her nose and she quickly pushed them back. Michael handed her one of the glasses of punch and she motioned for him to sit. He took one of the other empty chairs, relaxing in his seat. "Thank you for the punch Mr. Lucas, but w…what are you doing here? You could be out dancing with a pretty young lady." She looked at him with narrowed eyes. He shifted his left leg when it started throbbing and turned his attention to her. It had been three years since he had seen her face, but he still didn't know how to explain why he enjoyed spending his time with her, instead of the other young ladies. "I haven't danced since I left and I'm afraid I may be rusty and step on someone's toes. I don't want to hurt a fair maiden." Mary kept her eyes narrowed at him. Her eyes moved to his leg when he shifted it again. He caught her staring at his leg and voiced the question that was on her mind. "I was injured eight months ago and the leg still gives me problems once in a while." "That's the real reason you are sitting here with me instead of dancing. Mr. Lucas, go and enjoy your night. I'll be fine by myself." Mary said and sipped her punch. There was no reason that he should be here spending the night talking to her. Michael turned his blue eyes to look down at her, but she didn't acknowledge his presence. Turning his attention to the group of dancers, an idea started to take shape. Pushing himself up from the chair, he walked back to the refreshment table and set his empty glass down. Turning away, Michael made his way back to the distant Miss Bennet and stopped in front of her. She looked up as he appeared and frowned. Bowing to her, he put one hand behind his back and held the other one out to her. "Miss Mary, I would like to introduce myself; Lieutenant Michael Lucas at your service." "What are you doing?" Mary hissed up at him. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see a few people looking their way. Michael smirked at her and her eyes widened in shock. He held out his hand again, "Will you do me the honor of the next set?" She looked down at his hand and then back up at his earnest blue eyes. "No." His hand fell at her answer, but he didn't move away. She glared up at him when she realized he wasn't leaving. "Miss Mary, there are people watching us and they might go back to their conversations if you say yes to a dance with me. Its only one dance and I promise I won't step on your toes." He whispered so no one would overhear them. Turning her head slightly, Mary saw that Michael was telling the truth; people were watching them with curious eyes and she could see a few of them whispering to each other. Looking back up into the eyes of the gentleman standing in front of her, Mary placed her hand hesitantly in his. Michael wrapped his larger hand around hers and pulled her to her feet. Settling her hand on his arm, he led her to the dance floor and they took their places next to the other dancers. As the music began and they started through the moves of the dance, he kept his eyes on her face. Mary Bennet hadn't changed much since he had left three years ago, when she was just fifteen. She still kept her hair pulled back at the nape of her neck, she still wore glasses, and it seemed she still hating dancing at assemblies. He watched for a moment as she studied the floor trying to remember the steps and as they moved in and out of the other dancers, he briefly touched her hand, and whispered her name. She looked up at the sound of her name, uttered so quiet, she wasn't sure she heard him right. Her eyes locked with his blue ones and all of a sudden it was only the two of them dancing. He placed his hand on hers as they turned in a circle and she still didn't break eye contact. Mary's eyes widened a little when her stomach did a flip and her heart started racing. The music came to a stop and she quickly looked down, her face turning bright crimson. She still didn't look up when Michael grabbed her hand and tucked it in the crock of his arm. Leading her out to the balcony, he kept her hand on his arms, but placed the other one on the rail. Raising his head, he smiled at the sight of shining stars staring down at him. A falling star made a path through the sky and he looked down at the young woman standing next to him. Closing his eyes briefly, Michael made a wish; he hoped would one day come true. Opening his eyes a little, he gazed down at Mary and found her looking at him with an expression he had never seen on her face. Lifting a brow, he shook his head lightly when she quickly looked down, and ran her gloved finger along the rail. He watched as she took a deep breath before turning slightly to gaze back up at him. "Why did you ask me to dance, Mr. Lucas?" "I wanted to dance with you. Do I need a better reason than that?" An unladylike snort escaped her lips and his eyes widened a little. She cocked her head to the side when she saw his widened eyes and he saw something unfamiliar flash in her eyes, but it was gone before he was sure what it was. "I have changed some in three years. You aren't the same young man that went away three years ago either." Mary looked him up and down and he squirmed under her gaze. She looked up after a moment, but didn't meet his gaze. He had changed since leaving three years ago. His shoulders had broadened out and she was pretty sure he had grown taller, but Michael Lucas was still the handsome boy who grew up in the estate next to theirs. Turning her body, so she was facing the garden, Mary placed her hands on the rail. He had always sought out her company and she thought that he was just being nice and making her feel better when no one else would talk to her, but now she wasn't so sure. Michael watched her body posture and facial expressions. He had spent three years learning to read his fellow comrades and the men he fought against. Her body was relaxed, but her eyes had a faraway look in them and her lips were pressed in to an almost thin line. It seems I have a lot to learn about her. "Would you like to go back inside? I'm sure your family is looking for you and it is getting almost time to leave." He said when she still wasn't speaking. Mary turned her head slightly and gave his a small smile when she saw the wary look in his eyes. She placed her hand on his arm and he led her back inside. No one seemed to notice their absence and for that she was grateful. 00~~00~~00 Mary woke the next morning with the sun streaming through the window. Rubbing the sleep out of her eyes, she laid under the covers for a while longer enjoying the comfort of her bed. At the sound of voices below stairs, she reluctantly swung her feet over the side of the bed, and quickly dressed in a light blue and white patterned dress. Tying her hair at the nape of her neck, she grabbed the book of the nightstand, and headed down the stairs. Walking in to the breakfast parlor, she found everyone already sitting around the table. Grabbing a muffin, she quickly said her good mornings, and headed to the sitting room. Picking a chair close to the window, Mary sat down, opened her book, and finished the muffin. After about a half hour reading, a commotion at the front door drifted to her ears, and she peaked over the top of her book. All of her sisters and her mother suddenly came in the door; Mrs. Hill right behind them carrying a vase full of wildflowers. Her eyes roamed over the era of flowers and her blue eyes widened slightly when she realized they were all her favorites. Mrs. Hill set the vase on the table beside her and quietly handed her a small card before curtseying and exiting the room. She stared at the card blankly for a moment, before flipping it over and reading the back. Until we meet again. Author's Note: This is just a one-shot I have been working on for a while. I might end up expanding it in the future, but that is still undecided. Hope you enjoyed.
Grabbing her bonnet, she tied the ribbons under her chin and hastily pushed a strand of hair out of her face that wouldn't stay in the bun. Tucking the book she had been spending a few days reading, she headed outside into the cool autumn air. Mary quickly picked up her pace to get to her favorite spot. The wind quietly whispered through the trees and breathing in the fresh air, a small smile graced her lips when she smelled the wildflowers, as she neared the fast flowing creek. "Is that a smile I see, Miss Mary?" Spinning around quickly, she cringed when she heard her favorite book hit the hard packed earth. Lifting her eyes, Mary found herself staring into the shining eyes of Michael Lucas. His arms were folded over his chest and she could see amusement and something she couldn't recognize in his eyes. "Mr. Lucas, you should not sneak up on someone like that." Michael's smile widened, "It wouldn't have been sneaking up if you would have been paying attention to your surroundings instead of daydreaming, Miss Mary. I don't remember you ever daydreaming when we were younger." Narrowing her eyes at him, he watched intrigued as her nose scrunched up a bit, and her eyes flashed. "You sir have been away for three years without once ever coming home. A lot has changed while you have been away." She retorted, her ire rising as he smirked. Mary wanted to get out of his presence as quickly as possible. All of a sudden when he was around she felt like a bird stuck in a cage, not able to get out. He always knew how to bring out stubborn and improper side of her. He leaned closer to her and she felt his breath grace her cheek. "I see you haven't changed at all, Miss Mary. You still have your nose buried in a book." "I bet you don't even know how to read," she said and then quickly put a hand over her mouth embarrassed. What is wrong with me?" "I'm sorry, Mr. Lucas. I shouldn't have implied that you weren't taught how to read." Michael threw back his head and laughed. This is one of the reasons that he fell in love with her all those years ago and it never ended. She always knew how to keep him on his toes even though she had no idea she was doing it. Mary stared at him a moment, thinking he was clearly not in his right mind as he continued to laugh. Seeing her expression, he sobered, "It is quite alright. I know you didn't mean any harm in it." They stood in silence for a moment, both of the lost in their own thoughts. When the sound of the water reached his ears, Michael knew exactly where Mary was headed. Lowering his gaze to study her face, he found her studying her shoes. "Mary?" he whispered. Snapping her eyes up to his when she said her Christian name, Mary felt something flow over her, making her feel shy. Michael had always called all of the Bennet girls by their Christian names growing up, but that had to stop when they got older. Now when he said it, it felt different. He watched silently as a mixture of emotions swam across her face. He knew that she had never had any gentlemen suitors and he wanted to do this the right way and not scare her away from him. "May I escort you to wherever it is you were headed?" Nodding her head, Mary reached down to pick up her forgotten book. A large warm hand enclosed over hers, whispering in her ear. "Let me get that. I should since it's my fault it's on the ground." Quickly pulling her hand away from his, she nodded her head and fixed her gaze forward. Michael grasped the book and walked quietly beside the object of his affections. He wanted to court her, but he wasn't sure how long he was going to be home before being called away again. He wanted her to know how he felt before he went away. Following her through the small grove of trees, he let his eyes adjust to the sudden sunlight. Looking around him, a small smile lit his face when he recognized where they were. A fast flowing creek ran through the small meadow. Shifting his gaze to the left, he noticed the swing he had hung for his sisters and the Bennet girls when they were younger. They would spend all summer out by this creek, daring to see who could jump in the farthest off the swing. Turning his gaze to rest on Mary, he remembered a time when he would dare her to jump in after him. She would meet his gaze head on and only hesitate a moment before crawling onto the swing and jumping in. He missed when she was so carefree and not so serious. Mary settled under a large oak tree and waited for him to join her. Handing her book back to her, Michael leaned up against the tree, keeping his gaze fixed ahead. "How are you enjoying your time back home, Mr. Lucas?" "Not much has changed in the last three years since I have been home. Charlotte and Lizzy seem to be closer than they were before I left." "After you left, they started spending more and more time at each other's estates. It vexes Mama greatly, because instead of spending all of her time with her best friend, Lizzy could be looking for a husband. She doesn't want us to all end up in the hedgerows." Mary stated with a scowl. Snapping his gaze to settle on her face, he wondered if she was looking for a husband; anyone to please her Mama. "Are you searching for a husband, Miss Mary? I remember when you were seven, you told me that you would never marry, cause boys were gross." He chuckled slightly and smiled when a soft blush stained her cheeks. "I have changed quite a bit Mr. Lucas since I was seven. I don't plan on ever marrying." Raising a brow slightly, he watched her face. Her lips were formed in a thin line and her eyes were staring straight ahead. Maybe I can change that Mary. I sure hope so. Author's Note: Okay I know I haven't updated any of my stories in almost 2 years and I really don't have a good reason why. The only thing I can say is my life has been really crazy and it's finally somewhat settling down. I got inspiration for this story a few weeks back and decided to put pen to paper again. I'm a bit rusty since I haven't wrote anything in two years and I'm not entirely sure where I'm going with this but I hope you can bear with me. Review and tell me what you think.
Chapter 3 As he walked away from the tree they had been sitting under, Mary watched his broad back, his shoulders moving slightly as he walked. She was still mulling over why she had told her childhood friend that she would never marry. For the past two years she had been telling herself that being a spinster was better than facing a loveless marriage like her parents. Everyday she listened as her mama fretted about her daughters never marrying and sending her in the hedgerows, even though she knew in her heart that some of her daughters would marry. Shaking her head, Mary slowly stood and stretched her aching muscles. Picking her favorite book, she realized that she had not gotten a chance to open her volume. Scowling, Mary took one last look at the volume and tucked it under her arm. Walking in the direction of home, her thoughts turned toward the man who had stumbled upon her in the woods. He is handsome, I must admit. Shaking her head, she gave an unladylike snort. Quite thinking about him Mary, he would never look at a lady like you. Opening the front door, she was instantly greeted by the high pitched voice of her mother. "Mr. Bennet, Netherfield has been let at last. Oh you must go and make yourself know to Mr. Bingley." She exclaimed. Putting a finger under her chin, she cocked her head to the side. "He would be a good husband for my beautiful Jane." Glancing slightly to the left, she was able to see her father and mother in her father's study. Her father caught her eye and she gave a slight smile as Mr. Bennet rolled his eyes. Continuing on down the corridor, she paused for a second outside the parlor, trying to decide to venture in or just escape to her room. Mary always felt like the odd sister out, being stuck in the middle. Peeking into the parlor, she happily sighed when she saw only Jane and Elizabeth were present. Stepping into the room, she headed for her favorite chair in the corner, hoping to finish up her book. Thoughts of the unopened book, brought back thoughts of a handsome soldier. Why was he all of a sudden seeking her out? She knew that they played together as neighbors, since their estates were within walking distance, but that was years ago. It still made no sense to her. "Mary, do you have a headache? If you do not then you should stop furrowing your brow. It will leave a permanent line," Jane admonished from her place on the settee next to her sister. Relaxing her face, Mary looked over at her elder sister, and realized that Jane was somewhat like their mother. She knew that her sister was trying to always help, but it grated on her nerves. NERVES! Oh no, now I am the one that is sounding like mama. "I am sorry Jane. I was concentrating so fiercely on my novel that I did not notice I was doing it. What are you and Elizabeth making?" Elizabeth glanced at Mary when she heard her name and smiled brightly, "We are making a baby blanket for Mrs. Willows new baby girl, who was just born yesterday." Mrs. Willows and her husband had been struggling with four children under the age of six and the Bennet girls wanted to do something special for the new child. "Oh, my Janie. You must have a new gown before the assembly on Monday. A Mr. Bingley has let Netherfield and you must look your best. I think he would do perfect for you my dear." Mrs. Bennet exclaimed as she bursted through the parlor door, a flurry of petticoats. Grabbing Jane's hand, she headed for the doorway when Elizabeth said behind them, "But what if he is a troll Mama?" "Elizabeth," Jane gasped as their mama glanced behind her shoulder and gave her second eldest daughter a smirk that none of the room had seen in years. Chuckling softly she replied, "Then he would do right fine for you Elizabeth." Hearing her mama's reply, Mary raised her book in front of her face and smiled brightly behind it. It had been years since Mrs. Bennet had joined her daughters in their merriment. If anyone had seen the smile Mary bennet wore behind her book, they would have been surprised at how it lite up her face. 000000 Leaning against the pillar on the edge of the ballroom floor, he let his eyes roam over the dance floor. It seemed to him that all of Meryton had turned out for the assembly, or as he had started calling it, "The big event." He knew that the Bingley party was expected to show up and make themselves known to the local people. A flurry of skirts caught his attention and he watched as the Bennet family was ushered into the ballroom. His eyes immediately sought the one woman who held his heart; the one who needed a little nudge in the right direction. Taking a step forward, he decided to greet them, but stopped suddenly when he saw Miss Kitty and Miss Lydia Bennet rush into the crowd towards the militia that was camped on the outskirts of town. Michael reversed his steps, blending back into the shadows. Scowling at the two young ladies acting like children, he wondered why their parents did not punish them for their behavior. He knew that it was common in small villages like theirs to let young woman out in society before the older ones were married, but they acted like ladies and had the most proper behavior. The two younger Bennet girls were not that. The room grew suddenly quiet; you could hear a pin hit the ballroom floor. Tearing his eyes away from Lydia and Kitty, they made their way once again to the entrance of the assembly hall. There stood a large party of people taking in their surroundings; by the look on their faces, Michael knew that they did not like what they saw. His gaze took in the pleased demeanor of the young redheaded man. He looks like he is barely old enough to lease an estate. Hanging on his arm was a taller red headed woman. If he was a betting man, Michael would say they were siblings. Shifting his gaze slightly to the left, he found a gentleman who had an air of confidence about him and looked to want to be anywhere else but in their little assembly hall. His gaze left the tall, dark man, when their eyes met and Michael noticed a calculating look in his gaze. Sweeping his gaze over the other couple standing in the group, he knew that they were husband and wife. The wife seems to bear a resemblance to the red haired man. Shifting his thoughts from the group of newcomers, they settled on the dark haired young lady staring longingly at the pianoforte. He still could not wrap his head around how he had exactly fallen in love with the quiet, plain lady. Granted she was beautiful in her own way, but everyone compared her to her sisters. Beside them she did not have beauty on the outside, but he knew she had a kind and generous heart. Before he knew what was happening, his feet were taking him from his hiding place in the shadows, and moving him across the ballroom floor. "Mr. Lucas, how are you this fine evening?" Mr. Bennet asked as he watched the young man walk up to them. His daughters thought that he did not pay much attention when he went to the assemblies, but he had noticed how Michael Lucas had been watching his middle daughter since he came back home. Bowing slightly, Michael shook Mr. Bennet's hand. "It has been a pleasant evening so far, sir. How is Mrs. Bennet?" The older man glanced to his left and saw his wife chatting with Mrs. Lucas. "She is enjoying talking about the local gossip. Mainly about Mr. Bingley letting Netherfield and bringing another eligible gentleman with his party." "They made quite an entrance when they arrived. Have you been introduced to Mr. Bingley? I am sure father would be happy to make the introduction?" Shaking his head, Mr. Bennet smile wryly, "No thank you, young man. I had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy a few days ago. Oh, look. Here they come now, with Sir Lucas. I will leave you for but a moment to gather my family." He stated quickly before heading in the direction his daughters had went. "Son, I would like to introduce you to Mr. Charles Bingley of Netherfield and Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberly. Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy, this is my son Lieutenant Michael Lucas. He is home for a few months before joining his regiment." Sir William Lucas made the necessary introductions as the young men bowed to each other. "How are you enjoying Netherfield, Mr. Bingley? It has sat empty for a few years and we were all hoping someone would move in and make it a home again." Michael said and watched as the young man's face lite up. "There is still a lot I have yet to learn, which is why I brought my friend Darcy with me, but I have found that I enjoy riding the grounds when the cool weather allows." He happily replied, but Michael discreetly watched him nudge Darcy and move his head slightly to the left. His friend followed his lead and Michael watched as a soft light came into Mr. Darcy's eyes. Moving his head to see what had caught their attention and he saw both of them admiring the Bennet ladies. Jane, Elizabeth, and Mary were standing around the refreshment table talking to his sister. As he watched them openly admiring the young women, he felt a feeling grab hold of him that was foreign to him. He knew this feeling was jealousy and it made him want to tell everyone that she was his. But she is not yours, you fool. He heard the little voice in his head chanting. Bingley turned toward Michael and asked, "Who are the young ladies standing around the refreshment table?" Smiling slightly, Michael replied, "The Bennet sisters, Miss Jane, Elizabeth and Mary. They are talking to my sister Charlotte. Would you like an introduction gentleman?" He chuckled quietly when he watched the young man's head bob up and down. Glancing to Darcy he saw the slight bending of his head. Leading the gentleman over to the ladies, Michael greeted them with a smile. Placing a kiss on his sister's cheek, he turned to the men. "Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy may I introduce my sister, Charlotte and her friends, Miss Jane, Miss Elizabeth, and Miss Mary Bennet." "May I have this dance, Miss Bennet?" Bingley blurted and was quickly met by a quiet yes. They watched as he led Jane to the dance floor. Michael looked at Mary and quickly decided that he needed to show her how much he cared for her and that he wanted her for his wife. "Miss Mary can I have this dance?" Mary glanced up at her childhood friend and met his eyes. Seeing the hopeful look in his eyes, she decided to accept his offer. "It would be a pleasure Mr. Lucas." Grabbing her hand, Michael got ready to lead her out on the dance floor, but he quickly glanced at Mr. Darcy and gave him a slight nod in Elizabeth's direction. Seeing the hint and realizing that this would be his chance to fulfilling his agreement to Bingley about dancing on set, Darcy turned to Elizabeth and requested this dance. As they made their way out onto the dance floor, Mary glanced down the line of couples quickly and noticed her elder sister standing up with Mr. Darcy. They make a handsome couple. Her thoughts were quickly turned to a pair blue eyes looking down at her swimming with merriment. She gasped slightly as he leaned down near her ear, his hot breath tickling her neck, and whispered, "We could play matchmaker Miss Mary."
Thanks for all the reviews. Sorry I have been so long in updating. Not sure how I like this chapter but feedback would be greatly apprieciated. Chapter 4 As he pulled his head away from her ear, he quickly scanned the room to make sure no one had noticed him. Turning his attention back to his lovely partner, Michael smiled when he noticed Mary's cheeks were bright red. Catching her gaze, he was met with her flashing eyes that he noticed lite up when she was angry. Puzzled as to why she would feel that way towards him all of sudden, he asked, "Have I done something to offend you Mary?" "Do you know how to act and behave as a proper gentleman?" she retorted with a question of her own. Tapping a finger under his chin he thought for a moment about all the lessons his mother and father had installed in him in his youth. "Let me think. A proper gentleman does not act out of the bounds of propriety, he asks ladies to dance when they do not have a partner, a proper gentleman does not compromise woman," he listed off a few and then turned his gaze back down to her. "Have I done any of those Miss Mary, because I do not recall compromising you." He knew this conversation was not fit for them to be having, but this little lady always knew how to bring out the improper side of him. Meeting his gaze head on, Mary stated, "Fordyce's Sermons says, a proper gentleman….." Quickly grabbing her wrist, Michael cut Mary's words off and pulled her along behind him towards a quiet place in the corner. Once he had stopped, he turned to speak, but she was already yanking her hand away from him. "Why did you pull me from the dance?" Running a hand down his face, he wondered the same thing, but he was not about ready to hear her quote that dribble of a book. "Why do you read that?" he asked as he lowered his hand, watching her face cloud up in confusion. "Fordyce Sermons?" "It is about how a young lady should behave in company and act within the bounds of propriety." "Miss Mary that book is nothing but dribble. You could be expanding you knowledge about other subjects, instead of reading that book. What happened to the young girl who always read novels, but hid them from her parents?" he asked softly, chuckling quietly when he watched her eyes go wide in disbelief. "How….how do you know about that, Mr. Lucas?" she hissed and quickly glanced around. No one knew that she read dime novels. He knew that he was the only one who knew and even he was not supposed to know. It was their little secret now. Whenever they played together at each other's estates with their siblings, he noticed that the book she brought with always seemed to be thicker that it should. Michael was peeking over her shoulder one afternoon and found her reading one. "I have my ways, Miss Mary." Shrugging his shoulders, he glanced back at the couples dancing. "Unfortunately I cannot disclose how I know. Shall we join the other couples?" he asked and turned back to gaze at her, but she was gone. Where could she have gotten to in such a short time? While his attention was on something other than her, Mary quickly tucked away and made her way to the other end of the ballroom. Why did that man always know how to bring out the worst in her? Why was he paying such attentions to her when there were prettier ladies to converse with? She did not know what kind of games he was playing, but she was not liking any of it. Letting out a sigh, Mary thought back to his question about them playing match maker for her sisters. She supposed that she could help if it meant the future happiness of her two elder sisters. Turning around quickly, to make her way back to Mr. Lucas, her foot caught on her dress and she felt herself begin to fall. Now, I am going to embarrass myself in front of all of Meryton. Bracing herself for the impact, Mary soon felt a pair of hands grip her shoulders and catch her. Steadying her on her feet, she looked up into the concern glance of Michael Lucas. "Must I always come to your rescue, Miss Mary?" he chuckled, but she read the concern for her in his eyes. Brushing her hands down her dress, Mary glanced back up at him and looked pointedly at her shoulders, where his hands still rested. Quickly removing them, she frowned when a faint blush appeared on his cheeks. "When, Mr. Lucas was the last time you came to my rescue?" she asked raising a brow. "I recall there was a time when we were children. I believe you were fourteen and your sisters and you wanted to take Mr. Bennet's horses out for a little ride. Jane has just finished up her riding lessons and wanted to show her siblings how to ride. Everything was going fine until it was your turn. I was just riding into your yard to speak with your father, when the horse you were on spooked and took off galloping down the road with you hanging on for your life. Naturally, I had to ride after you and bring you to safety." He explained, but quickly kicked himself when he saw her skin get pale. "Miss Mary?" Mary was reliving that day in her head as he kept talking. That was the day that she thought she was going to die, but he had saved her. She had been so scared that the horse would throw her. Feeling her body gently sway back and forth, she realized with a start that Michael was shaking her. Lifting her head up to look at him, she whispered, "Yes?" "Are you alright? You seemed to be lost for a while?" "That story brought back some scary memories." Taking her hand, he settled it on to this arm, and started walking with her around the outside of the ballroom. She knew that it would be better to pull away and hide herself in the corner like most assemblies, but something held her in place. No one had ever been this considerate towards her. They walked silently side by side, occasionally greeted neighbors and friends they knew. "Do you still ride, Miss Mary?" Michael asked after a few minutes of silence, pulling Mary out of her thoughts. Glancing at him out of the corner of her eye, she found him staring straight ahead. "I do." "Really?" he asked surprised by her answer. After the wild ride she had when she was fourteen, he would have thought she would be too terrified to get back in the saddle. Chuckling at the surprise in her voice, she answered, "After you helped me down from Daisy, I decided that I was not going to let fear keep me from riding. They may be big and powerful beasts, but there is something exhilarating about feeling the wild in your hair and the animal move beneath you. They are gentle animals if you treat them kindly." "Does your father own a horse you are able to ride?" "Sadly, no. I can only ride one of the plow horses and that is seldom since they are always needed for the fields." Glancing down at her, he wondered if his father had an extra horse he could borrow and take Mary riding when he came to call again.
Chapter 5 Grabbing the reins of Juniper from the young groom, Tom, Michael thanked him and led the horse out of the stables. It had been a week since the assembly and this was the first time since he had been home two weeks that he was able to take Juniper out. His father had been keeping him busy around the estate, helping his brother John. Most of the time he was glad he was the younger son, but once in a while it would hit him that he was soldier. Not much money to support a wife and family in the way he wanted to. Thoughts of finding a wife brought the pretty image of Mary Bennet. After their dance that night, he had stayed close to her side, even though he had seen the older matrons looking in their direction and whispering behind their fans. Swinging into the saddle, he settled himself and gave his trusty mount a pat on the shoulder. Michael knew that they were talking about his marked attentions to Mary, but it did not bother him. They had been childhood friends, but that friendship for him had grown into something deeper. Images of her fiery blue eyes brought a smile to his face. Kicking his mount into a trot, he steered the horse towards Meryton. Reaching up he patted his jacket pocket where the letter to his commanding officer waited to be mailed. He needed to learn fast where his next post was and when he needed to be there. He was given three months leave for holiday, but that could always change in an instance. Too much was riding on his commanding officers answer. He had seen more on the battlefield than most men his age did. His father had always wanted him to go into the church; it was safer he had claimed. Then he would be able to always know where his son was and not sitting at home worrying if he had been injured or worse. Smiling he shook his head. The day before he had left for the militia, Michael and his father had gotten into an argument. His mind was made up and he was leaving for a calling he felt he needed to do, but Sir Lucas did not see it that way. Sir Lucas felt his son was leaving for something he thought was an adventure, but he would wake up real fast and realize it was real life. Spurring Juniper faster around the bend, he was pulled out of his thoughts when he heard a shout come from somewhere to his left. Pulling up on the reins to bring Juniper to a trot, Michael turned his head in the direction of the shout and watched Bingley and Darcy trot their horses up to him. "Lieutenant Lucas! Good morning!" Bingley jovially shouted and Michael winced slightly. That man has way too much energy for this early in the morning. He thought as the two men pulled their horses up next to his. Glancing at Bingley's companion, Michael thought he saw the slightest smile grace Darcy's face. "Good morning gentleman. Are you heading into Meryton?" Darcy turned his attention to Michael when he realized that Bingley's attention was on the flowers gracing the side of the road. He is probably going to pick some and give to Jane Bennet. His head has been in the clouds all week. "Bingley here wanted to see what Meryton has to offer, since he will be leasing Netherfield. I would like to have the opportunity to visit the bookstore, if you have one." Nodding his head, Michael replied, "Mr. Hawkins has a small bookshop, but he does try and carry all of the newest novels. Is there a particular novel you are looking for?" Rubbing his hand along his mounts neck, Darcy gave Michael a grin. "It will be my sister's birthday in a week and I would like to send her a gift. She loves reading those dime novels." Leaning slightly closer to Michael, he whispered, "I'm not supposed to know, but I found one a few weeks back." Michael chuckled and thought about his own sisters. "I will not tell a soul that you know. My sisters also enjoy those novels." Glancing at Bingley, he noticed that the young man was daydreaming. Tilting his head slightly, he asked Darcy, "Does he do that often?" Turning his head in the direction, Michael was indicating, Darcy sighed. "I am sorry about my friend. He seems to have had his head in the clouds the last few days. But to answer your question, he does. I have only known Bingley for a few years, but I have noticed that he falls in and out of love." Darcy was not quite sure why he was giving all of this information to a man he had only be introduced to a week ago, but he felt he could trust him. As they neared the village, Bingley spurred his horse forward when he saw the Bennet ladies outside of the bookstore. Glimpsing Jane Bennet in the huddle, Michael turned to Darcy. "I need to know if Jane Bennet has the chance of getting her heart broken. I grew up with the Bennet girls and I feel like an older brother to them. If any of them are hurt, you will be answering to me." He stated and gave Darcy a pointed look when he saw his eyes travel to Elizabeth. Shifting his gaze back to the man beside him Darcy asked with a slight smile, "But not to Mary Bennet." "What?" Chuckling at his startled look, Darcy clarified, "you do not see yourself as an older brother to Miss Mary Bennet. I saw the way you looked at her at the assembly. I have learned about silently observing those around you from my cousin. He is a military man such as yourself, Lieutenant." "Call me Lucas," he said and chuckled, "it's easier to say than Lieutenant Lucas all the time. May I ask what rank is your cousin." "His name is Colonel Fitzwilliam," Darcy replied and left Michael and his horse as he spurred his mount forward when he noticed Bingley waving to him. Watching him ride away, Michael's hand went to his jacket pocket where his letter sit waiting to be posted. A letter to his commanding officer Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam. 000000 Mary tried to listen intently to her elder sister's as they chatted with Mr. Bingley, but her mind could not focus on the words. When Mr. Bingley had rode up to their party, her attention had drifted from him to the other two men riding horseback further down the road. Pushing her spectacles further up her nose, she squinted slightly and thought she could make out Mr. Darcy and Michael Lucas. As they came closer to join their little group, a slight smile graced her lips when Michael caught her eye. She did not want him to affect her the way he did, but Mary's heart had other plans. He rode up to her and dismounted, holding the reins loosely in his hands. "Good morning Miss Mary." Lightly running her hand along Juniper's nose, Mary turned her head slightly to greet him. "Good Morning Mr. Lucas," she replied quietly before turning her attention back to the black beast. "how is Mr. Juniper this fine morning?" she asked and Michael thought he heard a quiet giggle escape the young lady's lips when the horse tossed his head and nuzzled her hand. "He has missed you, Miss Mary." Turning her head to look at him when she heard some emotion in his voice she did not recognize, she found herself gazing in to his eyes. His horse may have missed me, but his owner may have missed me more. The moment was broken when she heard Jane call her name. Pulling her gaze away from Michael's, she found both of her elder sister's looking at her expectantly. "Pardon?" "Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley would like a tour of Meryton and then Mr. Darcy would like to stop at the bookstore," Jane said and raised a brow slightly at her sister. Blushing slightly at the look her sister was giving her, Mary nodded. "We will join you." "I need to stop and post a letter, but Miss Mary and I could meet you at the bookstore when we are finished." Michael suggested as he looked at Jane. She was the only sister who knew how he felt about Mary. Giving Michael a small nod, Jane smiled and led the party down the road. Turning to Mary, Michael held out his arm for her to take, but frowned slightly when she hesitated. "You can trust me Mary. I promise that I am not going to let anything happen to you. We are only venturing to post my letter. Tongues will not start wagging if I have anything to say about it," he smirked slightly when her eyes grew wide. Mary stared at him a moment and realized that she could trust him with her life if it depended on it. Taking the arm he offered, Michael turned them towards the post office; Juniper following quietly behind. As they walked quietly down the dusty street, Mary took a moment to take in the man standing next to her. Today he was dressed in civilian's clothes instead of his military uniform, but she had to admit that he was still just as handsome. Glancing up to gaze at his face, she found that a small smile was playing about his lips, but his brows were slightly drawn together. "Penny for your thoughts?" Mary asked after a few more moments of silence. Drawing his attention from watching his surroundings, Michael looked at his companion. "I was thinking about what my next post might be in a few months. That is why I am posting this letter." He said and briefly touched his coat pocket. "When does your leave end?" "In two months," was all he said as they reached the post. Tell me what you think. You may have noticed that I decided to make Darcy more open in this story. I am not sure yet if Bingley/Jane will end up together, but I do plan on having Elizabeth/Darcy together.
Chapter 6 Pushing his hair out of his face, he swiped his eyes across the large mahogany desk and sighed. Stacks of correspondence were piled high in the corner, while maps of military strategies for training lay scattered in front of him. All of his men had been given three months leave before some of them left for the Americas and the rest stayed in England to fight Napoleon. Reaching over, Richard grabbed half of the letters and slowly pulled them towards him. Sifting through the first few, he stopped suddenly when a particular one caught his eye. Picking it up a grin spread over his face when he saw who it was from. Over the last three years, he had become friends with Michael Lucas. The two had gotten along over their need to prove to their parents that being in the militia was not a bad choice for a life. Breaking the seal, he scanned the page. Colonel Fitzwilliam, I have been home in Hertfordshire for a few weeks and have met up with a few of my old friends I have not seen since I left to join the militia. I am penning this letter to you, since I would like to know where I will be sent next; whether to the Americas or if I am able to stay in England. The young lady I told you about one night is still unattached and I am planning on offering for her, but I need to make sure she is willing to follow me either way. If you are ever in Hertfordshire within the next coming weeks, stop in and meet the family. Lucas Laying the letter beside him, Richard grabbed a blank sheet of paper. Picking up a pen, he held it above the parchment. Why was he hesitating? One of his good friends wanted to know where he would be headed so he could take his lady with him, which ever place that would be. Running a hand through his hair, he closed his eyes. The rest of his regiment would not be back for another two months at least, so maybe he should take a leave as well. It was only him and one other senior officer working on military strategies and what their next move would be, but he could use a little rest too. Setting the parchment back on the stack, Richard pushed the chair back and stood. He would take his leave in the morning and head to Hertfordshire. Not knowing what kind of adventure awaited him there. 000000 As the sun lazily pushing its way through the curtains trying to wake the bedrooms occupant, the trees gently swayed to the rhythm of the breeze. A bird perched itself on a branch and gently pecked on the glass window. The occupant on the bed shifted in her sleep, bunching the patchwork quilt around her body. Her face was scrunched up, as if she was trying to concentrate on something. The music starting playing and she felt herself being pulled on to the dance floor. Looking at the hand that grasped hers, she realized that it was a gentleman's. Looking up to figure out who was pulling her along, she could not focus on his face. It was hidden behind a mask. Reaching up to touch her own face, she found a mask covering the top part of her face. Digging her heels into the dance floor, she tugged her hand back, but it would not budge. "We will only be out here for a few minutes, my love," his voice reached her ears. Shaking her head, she pulled her hand once more. "I do not want to dance, sir. Unhand me or else I will scream!" she said and raised her voice at the end. After a few more seconds and he still did not stop, she opened her mouth to yell for help, when a hand clamped over it. Her scream muffled, she raised her eyes and found herself staring in to a pair of eyes that were becoming so familiar to her. Pulling the covers over her head, Mary groaned. That was the fifth straight night that she had woken from a dream about Michael Lucas. Throwing the covers from her, she swung her feet over the side of the bed. Laying a hand on the patchwork quilt, she studied the design. This was the first quilt her mother and her sisters helped her complete. That had been six years ago before her mother's nerves had taken over and she spent all of her time grooming Jane and Lydia to be the perfect wives and catch wealthy husbands. Letting out a sigh, Mary stood from the bed and walked over to her wardrobe. Opening the door, she fingered through the few dresses she owned, finally settling on a dark blue. It had been an old one of Janes and it soon became one of Mary's favorite dresses. Swiftly getting out of her nightgown and into her day dress; she made her way over to her vanity. Looking in to the glass, she wondered what any gentleman saw in her. Her face a round, freckles dotted her cheeks on either side of her nose, and her lips were thin. Grabbing a few pins, Mary quickly piled her hair up. A few strands hung loose on the side of her face, but she did not have the time to fix it now. If she did not get down to break her fast soon, there would not be much left to choose from. Opening the door, she glance both ways to make sure none of her family members were around. Smiling when she saw that she was alone, Mary walked to the staircase, humming her favorite tune. She learned early on to not hum when she was around Lydia or Kitty. They both would call her names and tell her to stop because she was not very good at it. Making her way to the breakfast parlor, she stepped into the room, but cringed when she found Lydia wearing a dress that had a neckline that was too low for a young lady her age. Glancing to the other occupants around the table, Mary noticed that her father and mother did not seem to notice. Either that or they did not care what their daughters were up to or how they acted. Filling her plate with a few of her favorite, she chose the last chair. Finding herself seated between Jane and Elizabeth, she glanced Jane's way and tilted her head in Lydia's direction. Jane shook her head slightly as to not draw attention to them, but gave Mary a small smile. Biting into her blueberry muffin, she quietly listened to the conversation flowing around her. Lydia was talking about ribbons and making up a new bonnet, while Kitty wanted to walk into Meryton to look at fabric for a new dress. Turning her gaze to her father, she found him absorbed in his paper, not bothering to listen to his wife or daughters talk about spending more pin money that they had. "Mr. Bennet. An express has just arrived for Miss Jane," Hill stated as she interrupted their quiet morning. Handing the folded parchment to Mr. Bennet, she curtsied and walked back to the kitchen. Scanning the front of the paper, he quickly handed it to his eldest daughter. "Who is it from Jane?" Lydia exclaimed. Reaching across the table, she made to grab it. "Can I read it after you are done?" "Lydia, this is not addressed to you. It is Jane's property now," Elizabeth admonished and glared at her mother, who was all a flutter, wondering who it was from. Breaking the wax seal, Jane gave a slight smile when she saw who penned the missive. "It is from Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst. They are inviting me to tea today at two o'clock. May I use the carriage Papa?" she asked hopefully. Storms clouds had been building in the west since early morning and she wanted to make an impression on her guests. It would not do well to show up cold and wet. "No, no Jane that would not do. You need to take Daisy," Mrs. Bennet protested as she watched the storm roll in. it would be perfect chance for Jane to capture Mr. Bingley if it was raining when she showed up on horseback. Her eldest daughter married! "Mama, it is going to rain." Elizabeth stated as she moved her gaze to her father. Locking eyes with him, she sighed as he drifted back in to himself and let his wife have her way. "You are riding horseback and that is final Jane Marie Bennet. Now go and change in to that pretty green dress. It will bring out your eyes and Mr. Bingley will fall in love with you instantly," Mrs. Bennet stated as she pulled her daughter from her Jane and pushed her up the stairs. Mary watched this exchange with worry. What could their mother be thinking sending Jane out in the rain on horseback? She would be getting to Netherfield wet and then develop a cold. Her eldest sister had always had a weaker constitution that the rest of them. Looking down at her unfinished fruit, she pushed the plate back. Her appetite gone, she pushed away from the table, and decided to head up to her bed chamber and fined her book. She did not want her sister's seeing her reading something that was not religious, so it would probably be wise to finish the book curled up in her window seat. Sorting through the books stacked on her night stand, she smiled when she saw the one that she was looking for. Grabbing a small blanket, Mary wrapped it around her as she laid back against the many pillows piled on her window seat. As she was opening her book to where she left off, a movement outside caught her eye. Gazing out the window, Mary watched as Jane raced Daisy out of the barn. Folding her hands over her book, she prayed that Jane would make it safely to Netherfield.
Chapter 7 Jane pushed Daisy forward hoping and praying that they would make it to Netherfield before the rain hit. She could not understand why her mother would not let her use the carriage when there was rain on the way. Glancing to the west, the storm clouds were rolling in faster and she swiped her cheek when she felt a rain drop. Sighing, Jane knew that she was going to show up to tea looking like she fell in the pond. The rain started coming down faster and soon the road in front of her was not visible anymore. She knew that daisy would be able to find her way, but the rain was coming down so hard that she was not sure if Daisy would be able to find the way to Netherfield in the rain. Pushing her wet hair out of her face, Jane felt Daisy's weight shift under her and soon both the horse and rider were laying in the rain. Sitting up on her elbows, she wiggled fee, and yelped as pain shot up her left leg. Crawling over to check on her horse, Jane realized with a start that Daisy's leg was sticking out at an odd angle. "Well girl looks like we are both in trouble." Stroking the mare's mane, she shivered against the cold rain pelting her back. Was this how she was going to perish? Her family thought her safe at Netherfield by now, while the Bingley sisters were waiting for her arrival. No one knew that she was laying on the side of the road with an injured horse and a hurt ankle. Was Mr. Bingley worried about her? Was he in love with her? Was she in love with him? Shaking her head she pushed that thought aside. She knew she was not in love with him yet, but Jane wanted to encourage his attentions so Mama would quite fretting that they would all land in the hedgehows. Jane knew that everyone thought her the beauty of Hertfordshire and she thought well of everyone, but there were a few times when she wanted to snap at her younger sister's foolish behavior. Lydia would be the ruin of them all if someone did not step in and rein her in. Jane had tried to argue her point to her father one night, but he dismissed her and told her to be the good girl she was. She wished she could stand up to her family, but she was nervous about what they would think of her. Her sister Elizabeth even thought she was the perfect with no flaws, but not even she knew what laid beneath the surface of her calm and serene demeanor. Pulling her spencer around her closer, she shivered, and gave up the effort when everything was soaked through. Huddling closer to Daisy, Jane shut her eyes, and prayed that someone would come along and find her. The sound of a bridal jingling reached her ears a short time later and her eyes shot open. Turning her attention to where she thought the sound was coming from, she opened her mouth to speak, but her teeth would not stop chattering long enough. Rider soon came into view and she found herself gazing in to the concerned eyes of a gentleman in uniform. "Help me," she whispered and was not sure if there were tears running down her cheeks or if it was just the rain. The gentleman quickly dismounted and knelt in the muddy road beside her. Moving the hair out of her eyes, he asked, "Are you hurt?" Not quite sure what to make of his hand on her cheek and the warmth that spread through her body, she nodded her head, not trusting her voice. "Where are you hurt? Can you stand?" he asked quickly before his eyes landed on Daisy. Seeing the bent angle of her leg, he slowly shook his head back and forth. Turning his attention back to the young woman, he saw her looking at the horse with sadness in her eyes. "I am sorry miss, but I will not be able to save her." "I know sir. I think my ankle is either broken or sprained. It hurts when I move it," she replied trying to move it since it was falling asleep but the pain caused her to wince. Laying a hand on her shoulder, he stilled her movements. "Do not try to move it. It will only cause you more pain, miss. Do you live far from here?" Gazing into his blue eyes, she gave a small smile. "My home is not far from here. I was on my way to Netherfield when the storm hit and Daisy must have slipped in the mud. I will have to break the news to my father and sisters. We grew up learning how to ride on her." "I promise that I will not let her suffer. First I will get you safely to your family and then come back to Daisy." Glancing over at his horse, he was glad he was trained so well to stay where he left him. "I am going to lift you up into the saddle and then climb up behind. You will have to tell me which way takes you home." Getting to his feet, he made sure he would not slip in the mud, and held out his hands to the young woman. Pulling her to her feet, he quickly slipped his arms around her and picked her up. At her soft gasp, he looked down into her pale face, and found himself staring into a pair of pale green eyes. "Are you alright?" he asked clearing his throat when it got a little husky. Laying her head on his shoulder, Jane whispered, "you startled me is all." She was tired, so very tired. Carrying her over to his horse, he looked down again, and noticed that her eyelids were fluttering closed. "I need you to stay awake, miss." Slowly nodding her head, Jane's eyes fluttered open long enough to get in the saddle. Soon she felt him climb up behind her and wrap his arm around her waist to keep her from falling back in the mud and hurting herself more. "Take this road north until you come to a small estate back in the trees. That is my home Loughbourn," she said quickly before her eyes closed and her head buried further into his greatcoat. Turning Diablo towards where the young woman said she lived, he spoke softly to the horse urging him to hurry, but to also be careful on the slippery mud. Tilting his head down to look at the young woman in his arms, he wondered what she was doing out in a storm like this on horseback. She should have been safe and dry in a carriage and not shivering and wet in his arms. She really was a beautiful woman and he knew that when she mentioned her home as being Loughbourn, she had to be one of the five Bennet girls. He knew she wasn't Lucas's girl since her hair and eye color did not match his description of her. Pulling her a little closer when she started sliding off, he smiled slightly when she buried her head deeper into his coat. 0000000000 Pulling the quilt tighter around her, Mary tried to concentrate on the book in front of her, but for some reason she kept reading the same passage over and over. Closing the book in frustration, she turned to look out the window and laid her head on the glass. The rain was still coming down in sheets and she prayed that Jane had arrived safely at Netherfield. Watching the rain come down, she squinted when a horse and rider walked into the yard. As the horse came closer to the house, Mary gasped when she noticed that the bundle the rider was holding had blonde hair. It has to be Jane she thought as she quickly tossed the book aside not bothering to pick it up as it landed on the floor. Yanking her bedroom door open, she rushed down the stairs. "Mary why are you running on the stairs? You are going to fall and break your neck," Elizabeth admonished when she saw her younger sister rush from her room. "There is a horse and rider coming into the yard and I think he has Jane with him," she yelled behind her as she made her way to her father's study. Opening the door, she found him once again absorbed in one of his books. "Papa there is a rider bringing Jane into the yard." Not bothering to see if he actually put down the book, Mary made her way to the front door, and pulled it open. Looking out into the rain, her face paled when her suspicions were right. A gentleman in uniform was carrying eldest sister up the steps. Ushering him into the house, she quickly led him to the parlor, and showed him where to lay Jane. After he had laid her on the settee, the mysterious gentleman bowed and turned to leave. "Wait sir, we cannot let you ride back out into the rain without getting dry first and a bite to eat." "Your sister has either a sprained or broken ankle. I did not see any other injuries. I am sorry miss, but I am expected somewhere. I am already late," he said and bowed to the room full of occupants. He wanted to take care of Daisy before heading to Lucas Lodge to see Michael. He could get dry and fed when he took care of what he promised Miss Bennet. Mary and Elizabeth walked him to the door and thanked him for bringing their sister home. Watching him gallop into the rain, they both puzzled over who he could be. Closing the door, they walked back in to the parlor and found Mr. and Mrs. Bennet worriedly gazing at their daughter. "I have called for the doctor Mrs. Bennet. We need to get our daughter out of these wet clothes and into something warmer. Have Hill bring extra fire wood in so the room stays warm to get Jane dry." He quickly stated before retreating to his bookroom. He would let the womenfolk handle it and he would wait for the doctor. He knew in his gut that he should have listened to his daughters about letting Jane take the carriage to Netherfield instead of Daisy. Now he might be paying for that mistake. Author's Note: Hey everyone! So let's see who you guys think is the mystery man.
Chapter 8 Striding in to the parlor, Michael handed Richard another blanket, before walking over to the tea tray. Pouring them both another cup of the warm liquid, he took a seat across from his commanding officer, and handed him a cup. Watching Richard curl his stiff fingers around the cup, he asked, "What brings you to Hertfordshire Richard?" Taking a sip, Richard grinned. "I received your letter requesting information on where you will be stationed next and instead of penning you a reply, I decided on a quim to take a leave of absence myself and drop by for a visit. I hope I'm not inconveniencing your family?" Shaking his head, Michael smiled. "My parents are happy to house friends of mine. As you have seen my mother loves to host and see to your every comfort." Richard chuckled at the observation since it was true. Lady Lucas had followed him around the first few minutes, asking questions and making sure that the guest room she had assigned him was adequate. He hoped she did not find out he was related to an Earl. He had already seen her cast glances at him and then back at her daughters. Cringing at the thought, an image of a blonde beauty danced before his eyes. "I encountered a Jane Bennet on the road before I reached here. She mentioned that she was riding to Netherfield in a storm. What father allows his daughter to ride out in a storm, Michael?" he asked suddenly changing the subject. Michael scowled and it only deepened more when Richard kept talking. "Was she hurt?" "She might have a broken ankle and will likely come down with a cold from laying out in the rain until I came along. I do not know how long she was there before I happened by. Is she your girl?" Smiling slightly, Michael shook his head. "No, Richard she is not my girl. My Mary is dark haired and a few inches shorter than her elder sister. To answer your previous question, I am not all that surprised that you found Jane out in the rain. Her mother Mrs. Bennet gets fantasies in her head and impulsively decides to act on them. Her thought was that the Bingley sisters would allow her to spend the night since it was raining, instead of riding back home after tea with them." "Her father does nothing to protect his daughters?" Michael noticed the worry in his friend's eyes and knew that it was not wise to discuss his neighbors in a bad light, but it seemed Richard also was taking an interest in Jane Bennet. "Mr. Bennet hides most of the time in his book room either taking a nap or reading. He only ventures out for a meal or if something truly demands his attention. I grew up with the Bennet girls and I try to be an older brother to them, but I have not been around much the last few years." "Since we are discussing your military career, would you like to know where you will be stationed once your leave is over?" Staring at the bottom of his tea cup, he thought about his plans to ask Mary to marry him soon once he knew where her affections stood. He could plan for a place for them to live if he knew where he would be stationed. "Yes I would like to know. Then I can plan for my future," he replied as he lifted his gaze and Richard saw a boyish grin light up his face. Leaning back in to the sofa, he pulled the blanket around his shoulder, and set his tea cup on the saucer. "It might not be where you were hoping to be stationed, but you are one of my top Lieutenants and I know that you will do us proud. You are being sent to the Americas. I need my best men over there with me." "America?" Michael asked as he sucked in a deep breath. It definitely was not where he expected to be stationed, but he was one to always follow his orders. He hoped Mary would not be disappointed when he told her where he was going. He also knew that it would be awhile before he could declare himself. Richard could tell by Michael's facial expression that he was surprised to be sent to America, but there was nothing he could do to change it. He did not like the idea of leaving his home country, but that is where they wanted him and that is where he would go. His military career came before his own happiness. Laying a hand on the younger man's shoulder, he said, "I will be heading over there with you Michael. We have a few more months before we need to ship out, so you have time to make plans. Now I think it is time I retire and get some much needed rest. Will you be able to show me around the country tomorrow morning? It is beautiful and peaceful here." Realizing that he had kept Richard too long, Michael stood and gave his commanding officer a grin. "I will gladly show you around Hertfordshire. If we have time I would like to stop in and visit at Loughbourn." "See you in the morning Lucas." "Goodnight Fitzwilliam." 00000000000000 Pushing a loose strand of hair out of her face, Mary sighed. It had been three days since the unknown gentleman had returned Jane to them and Loughbourn was still in an uproar. Mrs. Bennet was wailing about the hedgehows again all because Jane lay in her room fighting a fever. She wailed that her beautiful Jane would most likely succumb to the fever and then her one daughter that was supposed to save them would not be alive to do so. Mary laughed at the memory of her sister Elizabeth rolling her eyes at their mother and quickly quitting the drawing room. She had silently followed her sister and once they reached the empty corridor, both ladies had dissolved into a fit of giggles. Out of five daughters, their mother thought that only Jane would marry. "What do you think of Mr. Bingley, Elizabeth? Do you think that he will offer for Jane? He showed her marked attention at the assembly." Mary asked as they made their way to Jane's room. She was temporarily staying in Mary's room while Mary moved in to Jane and Elizabeth's room with her sister. Elizabeth gripped the railing to the stairs and started making her way up. She was not sure what to make of Mr. Bingley. He had only called on them once since Jane had failed to show up for tea with his sisters. Mr. Bingley had requested to know how she was faring and had turned pale when she and Mary told him the story. He had not known that Jane would be at Netherfield, so he did not find out about it until Mr. Darcy and he had returned from their hunting expedition when the rain hit. Caroline and Louisa had been in the parlor complaining about Jane not showing up even though she had sent a note stating she would be there by two o'clock. Mr. Bingley had thought nothing of it; maybe she had just changed her mind and forgot to relay at note to Netherfield. "He is a cheerful young man who seems to want to please everyone that he meets. I've noticed that he likes to follow Mr. Darcy around when we were at the assembly and it reminded me of a lost puppy trailing its master. I know that Jane thought him amiable and seemed pleased with his attentions, but he has not been back since he found out about Jane's accident and that does not bode well for his character. I would like to see Jane find someone who matches her personality and loves her, but Mr. Bingley seems too flighty," Elizabeth gave her opinion on Mr. Bingley as they reached Jane's bedroom door. "I like him, but he is too happy and rambunctious for my taste," Mary stated and wrinkled her nose. Elizabeth chuckled as she walked over to Jane's bed. Taking a seat on either side of their sister's bed, Mary picked up the book laying on the night stand and opened it to the page they had ended at last night. Reading aloud to her two sisters, Mary glanced up every few minutes to find Elizabeth gently stroking Jane's hair and whispering soothing words to her. She knew that Jane would pull through and she wondered what their family would be like afterward. Papa had not come out of his bookroom since the mysterious gentleman had brought Jane to them and her mother sat in the parlor and wailed. Mary could see Mr. Bingley being Jane's knight in shining armor since they had similar personalities, but both Elizabeth and her had not seen any sign of affection on Jane's part. A knock at the bedroom door, pulled her from her thoughts, and she turned around to find their sister Kitty hesitantly poking her head in. "Yes, Kitty?" "Mama wants you and Elizabeth down in the parlor. Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy are here to visit," Kitty stated and gave them a hesitant smile. Elizabeth huffed in response, but gave Kitty a slight smile. "I suppose we cannot keep our company waiting even though I would much rather be with Jane. Tell Mama that we will be down shortly Kitty." Mary gently closed the book and stood to her feet. Glancing down at Jane quickly, she squeezed her sister's hand and said a silent prayer. Looking back up at Elizabeth, she decided to ask a question that had been nagging at her since the gentlemen currently downstairs had taken up residence at Netherfield. "Do you ever wish to marry Elizabeth?" Smiling at her sister, Elizabeth replied, "I do wish to marry someday Mary, but only for the truest and deepest love. Do you wish to marry dear sister? I have heard Mama always complain that no gentleman would ever be interested in you, but neither Jane nor I think she is correct. You have a lot to recommend yourself Mary. You are a gentle and caring soul. One day a gentleman will see the real you," she lovingly said and pondered quietly as an odd light came in to her sister's eyes. "Let us go downstairs and not keep Mama waiting any longer," Mary hurriedly said and made her way quickly for the door. Pulling it open, she quietly made her way downstairs and walked in to the parlor. The gentlemen rose as she entered and they quickly exchanged pleasantries. Taking a seat across from Mr. Darcy, she settled her hands in her lap and nervously twisted them. Being among unfamiliar people left her nervous and unsettled. If only Michael was here she thought suddenly as a small smile graced her lips. "I hope Miss Jane is recovering well," Mr. Darcy asked to her and she looked up startled. "She is still fighting a fever, but her ankle seems to be healing nicely the doctor says," she quietly replied. "How are you finding Hertfordshire, Mr. Darcy?" she asked with a little bit more confidence. Mr. Darcy seemed thoughtful as he pondered her question. "It is a beautiful country Miss Mary, but I must say that nothing compares to Derbyshire." He smiled slightly and glanced over to Bingley to find him and Miss Elizabeth talking with Mrs. Bennet. He watched silently for a few minutes and wondered how Bingley could be so jovial when he angel was laying upstairs in bed. Was he really in love with her like he said he was? Glancing to his partner, Darcy let his eyes rest on Elizabeth Bennet. He was starting to enjoy the way she laughed and how it was not a simple giggle but a full laugh. Her wit seemed to match his own, if only he would be able to show her his true self. He wished he was like Bingley sometimes. Mary's eyes widened slightly as she watched Mr. Darcy rest his gaze on her sister. She hoped that he would decide to act on his feelings that she saw swimming in his eyes. He would maybe one day make her sister very happy. Was there a gentleman out there that would look at her the way Mr. Darcy looked at her sister. Her heart silently whispered one name: Michael Lucas. "Ma'am there is a Mr. Lucas and a Colonel Fitzwilliam to see you," Hill announced at the parlor door and stepped aside to let the gentleman in the room. "Richard!" Darcy exclaimed and leapt to his feet.
Chapter 9 "What are you doing here, Richard?" Darcy asked as his cousin and he shook hands. It had been two months since he had last seen his cousin, who was more of a brother to him than his older cousin. Richard chuckled loudly and slapped Darcy on the back. Turning slightly to address Michael, he stated, "I received a letter from one of my Lieutenants asking for some information and I decided to take a leave myself and join him in Hertfordshire. He never told me that you and Bingley were also in this area." Shooting a glare over in Michael's direction, Michael shrugged his shoulders and grinned. He saw the gleam in his commanding officers eyes and knew he was not really mad at him. "I thought I would surprise you," Michael replied as he made his way over to where Mary was sitting quietly. Taking a seat next to her, he asked, "How have you been fairing Miss Mary?" "Good afternoon Mr. Lucas," she said knowing that even though her emotions were scattered when it came to this military officer, she knew that she had to be polite. "It has been a trying couple of days. That is the man who returned Jane to us." He watched as her gaze traveled over Colonel Fitzwilliam and he wondered what she thought of him. "His name is Colonel Richard Fitzwilliam and he is my commanding officer. He told me when he arrived drenched from the storm that he had come across Jane in the road covered in mud and hurt. I am glad that someone like him came along to rescue her and bring her back home safely. He is a good man, Miss Mary." The lapsed in to comfortable silence between them, both lost in their own thoughts. Mary listened quietly from her corner with Michael to Colonel Fitzwilliam and Darcy discussing how Jane was doing. She narrowed her eyes slightly when she noticed that Mr. Bingley seemed to have lost all interest in talking about Jane and changed the subject to crop rotation. She chuckled quietly when her sister Elizabeth soon joined in the conversation and she and Darcy started a debate on what method worked better. "Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy seem to disagree with each other a lot," Michael observed with a slight smile. Maybe he and Mary would not have to play matchmaker after all. "I think they may like each other," she said softly as her eyes dropped to her lap. Picking at a stray strand of thread on her dress, she wished she was better at talking to gentlemen. It used to be so easy when she was around Michael, but lately it had gotten harder to keep a conversation, since she always wondered where her heart lay. "How is Jane doing?" "She is still in bed fighting a fever. The doctor hopes it will break in a few days, but she will still have to stay abed for a few weeks to allow her ankle to heal. She is going to be disappointed when she learns that she missed a visit from Mr. Bingley." Michael looked at her sharply before saying, "Does she hold a tender for your new neighbor?" Mr. Darcy had warned Michael how Bingley was with young ladies and he did not want to see that happen to Jane. She did not deserve to be trifled with. Turning her gaze to Michael after he had voiced his odd question, she found herself once again loosing herself in his intense gaze. Raising a brow, she voiced her question, "Why would that interest you Mr. Lucas? Jane is not your sister, nor a relative of yours. If she does hold a tender for our new neighbor than that is between them and should not concern us." She was not sure why she felt the need to argue with Michael. Mary knew deep down in her heart that he was the best of men and she had started to develop feeling towards him, but her Mama had always told her she would not find a gentleman who would be willing to select her for his wife, and she wanted to make sure his affections were true before revealing her heart. Softening his gaze after she had finished talking, he smiled a small smile when he saw her eyes widen slightly. "I hope one day that she might be my sister, Miss Mary." It was not how he wanted her to know what his feeling were, but every time they spoke, he felt her close up on him again and it took hours for her to warm back up. "Would you like to take a turn about the garden with me? We can invite Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy along with Bingley and Colonel Fitzwilliam to act as chaperones." It had been getting slightly colder outside as the days got shorter, but the sun was shining and Mary could see that he was itching to stretch his legs. "I would like that." Standing to his feet, Michael held out his hand and helped her to her feet. Giving her hand a slight squeeze, he smiled when he saw the light blush stain her cheeks. "Would anyone like to join us on a walk outside? Miss Mary and I have a need to stretch our legs and get out of this stuffy parlor," he announced and sheepishly looked away when Mrs. Bennet threw him a glare. Mr. Bingley jumped to his feet, and bowed to the room. "I would love to go for a walk about the gardens, but I only ventured out today to take my leave of the Bennet's. I need to head to London tomorrow for some urgent business that cannot wait. Are you ready to leave Darcy?" Darcy looked at the faces expectantly waiting for his answer. Rubbing the back of his neck with his hand, he groaned silently. He had originally planned to journey to London with Bingley and his sisters after they had convinced him to quit the Bennet family and his growing attachment to Jane Bennet. He had also wanted to escape the need to be close to Elizabeth Bennet, but now that Richard was here, he was conflicted. Turning his attention to Bingley, he asked, "May I have a word with you outside, Bingley?" Furrowing his brow, Bingley replied, "Of course, Darcy." "We will return shortly," Darcy said as him and Bingley walked outside. Mary turned to her sister and asked, "What should we tell Jane, Elizabeth?" Glancing at Colonel Fitzwilliam out of the corner of her eye, Elizabeth saw that he was watching Darcy and Bingley out the window. "We will just have to tell Jane the truth when she wakes up. Let us talk about this later, Mary," Elizabeth smiled brightly at her and Michael and stood to her feet. "I am in need of a nice long walk. Shall we venture outside then?" she asked as she watched her mother walk upstairs to check on Jane. Offering his arm to Mary, Michael saw Richard offer his to Elizabeth. Helping the ladies with their outerwear, the foursome were soon walking outside and breathing in the autumn air. Elizabeth soon found herself leading Colonel Fitzwilliam down a well-worn path to their favorite garden on the estate. "How long are you visiting Hertfordshire, Colonel Fitzwilliam?" she asked him with a smile. Watching Mary and Michael walk further ahead of them, Richard turned to his companion. He found her eyes sparkling up at him and he knew why he saw his Cousin Darcy constantly staring at her. Elizabeth Bennet was a pretty young lady, but he still found himself attracted to her older sister more. "I will be here until my leave in up in two months. I planned on only visiting Michael, but with my cousin Darcy being here I will be able to catch up with him too instead of traveling to Pemberley. How has my cousin been in company?" Glancing up at his grinning face, she saw that his eyes were shining with amusement. "In large gatherings I've noticed that he in quiet and aloof, but I have seen him openly laughing with Mr. Bingley and Lieutenant Lucas. They seem to be becoming fast friends. You should see him when he is around Mr. Bingley's younger sister." She chuckled at the memory of him trying to fend her off at the Meryton assembly a few weeks ago. Colonel Fitzwilliam sucked in a breath and grumbled, "Caroline Bingley is here too?" he questioned and Elizabeth laughed brightly at the scared expression on his face. "She is playing hostess for Mr. Bingley while he is letting Netherfield," she explained to him as they caught up to Mary and Michael. Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley were busy talking to them and she furrowed her brow when she saw Mary frown. "Shall we join your cousin?" Leading his companion over to his cousin, he frowned when he saw Darcy glaring at Bingley. Clapping Darcy on the shoulder, he glanced between his cousin and his friend. "Would you like to join us on a walk about the garden? It is a lovely day and lovely company," he said and glanced at two of the Bennet girls. "I would love to join you Colonel Fitzwilliam, but I really need to be getting prepared to travel to London for business. I should be back in a few days once it is concluded," Mr. Bingley stated quickly and shook hands with the gentlemen before bowing to the ladies. "I will see you all when I return," he said and shot a quick look at Darcy. Biding the party goodbye, Mr. Bingley headed for the stables to grab his horse.
Chapter 10 Darcy walked silently behind Elizabeth Bennet and Colonel Fitzwilliam as they strolled through the garden with Mary and Michael. The sun was shining down on them, but the air still had a little bit of a nip to it. Lacing his fingers behind his back, he wondered how Bingley was faring with his sisters in London. When he had first seen his marked interest in Jane Bennet, Darcy knew that Bingley was walking on a thin line. That man always found another angel whenever they went to a ball or assembly, but they never lasted more than a month before someone other young lady caught his eye. Bingley had asked Darcy's opinion on the young lady and before Darcy could give it to him, Caroline Bingley had butted her head in and started giving her opinion on the Bennet ladies. As he sat there listening, Darcy silently agreed with most of it, but what he did not agree with was that they were gold diggers and fortune hunters. He had started to develop feelings for Elizabeth and he thought that Bingley would act on his feelings for Jane, but when he said he had to go to London for business, Darcy had agreed to go with. But that was before his cousin had suddenly showed up. Bingley was probably still mad at him for canceling his plans to go to London with him to stay behind and now he had to deal with his sisters by himself. Darcy chuckled to himself at the image of Bingley hiding in his study to get away from Caroline's constant badgering to go to every assembly while they were in town. "What is so funny back there, Darcy?" Colonel Fitzwilliam asked as he glanced behind him pulling Darcy from his thoughts. "I was just thinking about Bingley being alone with Caroline while they are in town," Darcy grinned as he made their way to catch up to them. Grimacing at the image of that young lady, Richard turned to Elizabeth. "What is your opinion of Miss Bingley, Miss Elizabeth? I am sure you have made her acquaintance at some point over the last month?" Glancing at Mr. Darcy, Elizabeth saw mirth dancing in his eyes. Glancing between the two gentlemen, she narrowed her eyes at them, but smiled. Taping her chin, she thought for a moment. "She dresses in very bright colors that do nothing for her complexion. Her demeanor is haughty and she only listens to anything her sisters says. None of the young ladies at the assemblies have liked her including myself and my sisters," she stated as they kept strolling around the garden path trying to catch up to the couple ahead of them. Glancing at his cousin, Richard laughed. "I think that about sums up what I thought of her when I first met her Miss Elizabeth. What say you Darcy?" Shaking his head at his cousin's antics, Darcy grinned at his companions. "I agree with both of you. Let us hope Bingley returns in a few days like he promised." He said as he gave a slight smile to Elizabeth as they continued strolling through the garden. 00000000 Mary shivered slightly as the wind picked up and whipped around them. Her hand rested lightly on Michael's arm as they strolled through the garden surrounding Loughbourn. Pushing a loose strand of hair out of her face, she glanced up at Michael and blushed when she met his intense blue eyes. Staring straight ahead again, she wondered what he was thinking. "Penny for your thoughts, Miss Mary?" Michael asked after a few moments of silence. He wanted to find out what was going on in that serious head of hers, but she was always so good at hiding her emotions. Glancing down at the top her head, he wondered if it would be a good idea to bring up where he would be stationed come the New Year. "I have been thinking about Jane and pondering why none of the Netherfield party sent out a search party when she did not arrive for tea with the Bingley sisters," she answered quietly and let out a small sigh. She did not want her sister to die because of something her parents did by sending her out in the rain on horseback. Laying a hand over the one that was resting on his arm, he gave it a gentle squeeze, and smiled slightly when she glanced up at him with a small smile. "I am sure Jane will recover just fine with plenty of rest and following the doctors' orders. Shall we turn around and see how she is faring?" Mary gave him another grateful smile and let him turn them around. She knew that with her sister being ill and hurt that she was not the best conversationalist at the moment and for Michael to see that she knew she had just lost a part of her heart to him. Walking back to the house, she wanted to find out some more information about him. "What kind of books do you like to read, Mr. Lucas?" Her question caught him off guard, but he chuckled a little at the question. "My favorite book is Hamlet. It kept me from feeling homesick while I was away in the militia. I read that book so many times that some of the pages are starting to fall out." Laughing at the image of a man like Michael Lucas reading Hamlet by the light of a lantern while his other comrades talked or played cards, Mary felt her sides starting to hurt from laughing so hard. Looking up at Michael to gauge his reaction at her laughing at his choice of book, she quickly covered her mouth with her hand when she saw his frown. "Were you laughing at my choice of reading material Mary?" he asked with a slight frown, but Mary blushed slightly when she saw the teasing glint in his eyes. "I was not laughing at your choice of reading material per say, I was picturing you sitting around the fire reading Hamlet while the other officers played cards and such," she answered honestly with a slight shrug. "Did they happen to tease you about your choice of reading material?" Mary asked after a few moments of silence. Turning his attention back ahead, Mary saw a faraway look enter his eyes and imagined he was back fighting the war or thinking about his fellow soldiers. Boldly reaching up, she gently laid a hand on his cheek, but quickly pulled it back when he turned his eyes to her. Staring into his eyes she saw them darken with an emotion she did not recognize and a small tingle slid up her spine. Loosing herself in his dark eyes, she felt him take a small step closer to her so their bodies were almost touching. Is he going to kiss me? She wondered and immediately wanted to take a step back and run, but she also wanted to know what it felt like to be kissed by a gentleman. Michael's face came closer, his breath washing over her face as he whispered, "Mary," he wanted to see what it would feel like to finally be able to kiss the girl he had loved for years. Would her lips taste as sweet as they looked? He also knew that they weren't engaged or married, but he hoped to change that soon. Her heart started racing and her palms became sweaty as Michael's face inched closer and closer to her own. "Mary, Mary where are you!" her mother screeched from somewhere behind them. Quickly taking a step back, Mary wanted to put as much distance between them and calm her racing heart, but her boot caught in her dress and she would have fallen backwards if Michael's strong arms had not caught her around the waist. Snapping her eyes, she bit her lip when she realized that his face was again really close to hers. "Michael," she heard herself whisper breathlessly; her stomach fluttering while her heart picked up its dancing rhythm. "Yes, Mary?" Groaning quietly, she mumbled, "My mother."
Chapter 11 Elizabeth turned the handle of Jane's bedroom door and poked her head in. She had been looking for Mary all morning and so far she was not having any luck finding her. Their mother had been fretting all morning because Mr. Bingley had not returned from London and it was going on two weeks since his sisters and he quit Netherfield. Mr. Darcy, Mr. Lucas, and Colonel Fitzwilliam had visited a few times in the last two weeks, so her mother was at least happy to have some gentlemen callers. Seeing Mary sitting on a chair beside Jane's bed, Elizabeth pushed the door open wider and exclaimed, "I have finally found you Mary!" Both sister's turned their gazes to look at their sister and furrowed their brows. "Why are you looking for Mary?" Jane asked as she shifted her weight slightly on the bed. Grabbing a chair, she pulled it next to Mary's and plopped down in it. Brushing a stray strand of hair out of her face, she let out a breath. "Mama has been in the parlor all morning with Lydia and Kitty. I was trying to read, but between Mama wailing about Mr. Bingley not returning and Lydia talking about the militia; I needed to find an escape. I was trying to find Mary and see if she wanted to visit Jane, but I see you are already here." Elizabeth explained with a slight chuckle. Mary grinned and set her book on the side table. "When I walked by the parlor door I heard Lydia talking about the militia and all the handsome redcoats. Instead of walking in like I had planned, I quickly made my way up here so I did not have to listen to her." She rolled her eyes slightly and turned to Jane. "Colonel Fitzwilliam has been asking about you Jane. He seems to be quite taken with you." Elizabeth and Mary watched in surprise when their elder sister blushed. Mr. Bingley had never made Jane blush when they talked about him after the assembly. "He saved me during a thunderstorm and brought me back here. He seems to be a very amiable gentleman and I would like to know him better," she said with confidence. "But I do not want Mama to be around," she muttered and all of them giggled. "Lydia would be very jealous if you married a man that served in Her Majesty's army," Elizabeth pointed out and they nodded their heads in agreement. Jane turned to her sister with a pointed look. "What about you're Mr. Lucas, Mary? He has paid you marked attention since the night of the Meryton assembly when he first came back home." Jane knew how Michael felt about Mary, but she wanted to see how her sister felt about Michael. She had been watching them closely over the last few weeks and Mary seemed to be warming up to him. "Do you like him?" Mary blushed at her sister's question and stared down at her lap. Smoothing the invisible wrinkles out of her dress, she wondered how it bare her heart to her sisters'. They had become close confidents over the last few months. Raising her head again, she gave a small smile. "I like him very much Jane, but I do not know if I see if going past anything but friendship. His leave will be up soon and then he will be gone again for an unknown amount of time." Reaching over, Jane gave Mary had a squeeze and smiled gently. "Let things work out for how they are supposed to. If you need to pray to the Lord and let him give you the guidance you need. When Mr. Bingley paid me marked attention at the assembly and for a short while after, I prayed about it and realized that he probably is not the man for me. He is very flighty," she said with a scrunch of her nose and shake of her head. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Elizabeth's surprised expression at her words. "Lizzy?" Closing her mouth, Elizabeth looked at her sister with a thoughtful expression. "Jane what happened to you? You always used to see only the goodness in people and never had anything bad to say about anyone." "Oh, Lizzy I still see the good in people, but after my accident and having a complete stranger rescue me, I have been thinking about myself and realizing that I may have been too nice to some people. Mainly the Bingley sisters. When they found out that I was injured and never made it to Netherfield, they did not come here and see how I was doing." "Mr. Bingley came," Elizabeth pointed out and waited to see her sister's reaction. "Yes Mr. Bingley did come and ask about my health, but he is also in London right now with his sisters probably never to return to Netherfield. I know everyone at the assembly saw Mama try to push me towards him, but I want to be able to choose my own husband." Mary saw that her sister was getting tired of defending herself and turned her attention to Elizabeth who was still studying Jane like she was seeing her for the first time. "Elizabeth?" Snapping her eyes away from Jane, Elizabeth focused on Mary. "Yes dear sister?" A mischievous smile graced her lips as she asked, "Since we have already covered Mr. Lucas and Colonel Fitzwilliam, I believe it is time to talk about Mr. Darcy. I have seen him watching you when they call on us. He has also sought you out a few times." Jane giggled as Mary asked her sister questions. It was Elizabeth's turn to sit there and squirm. A small smile tugged at the corner of Elizabeth's mouth as she thought about Mr. Darcy and his intense blue eyes every time they landed on her. He was the most handsome man of her acquaintance and out of his circle of friends, she was the only one he had danced with at the assembly. "Elizabeth stop daydreaming," Mary exclaimed as Jane chuckled. They had never seen their sister act like a young school girl in love. Shaking her head to clear her thoughts, Elizabeth smiled at her sisters. "I do not want to say too much, but like both of you with your gentlemen, I find myself thinking about him a lot. We have the most interesting conversations even though most of them lead to disagreements, but they are still lively. We talk about books, music, and the countryside. He claims his library could fill all of Loughbourn," she stated with a laugh. Mary gave a wishful sigh as she imagined that many books, while her other two sisters laughed. Grabbing a pillow of the bed where Jane rested, she threw it at her sister and chuckled when it hit its mark. 00000000 Michael grabbed the reins of his horse and quickly mounted. Settling into the saddle, he turned Juniper towards Netherfield Park. Kicking his horse into a trot he set off down the road from Lucas Lodge and gazed up at the sky. For the beginning of December it was pleasantly warm outside, but he knew that they would be in for snow within the next few weeks. Darcy and Fitzwilliam had invited him to go hunting today and he could not pass up an opportunity to hunt for something other than the enemy. He had about six more weeks of leave left and he wanted to make the most of that time with his family and neighbors. Patting Juniper on the neck, images of the woman he wanted to marry flashed before his eyes and he smiled. It had been a week since he had paid a visit to Loughbourn, but duties at home had prevented him from paying a call. Spurring Juniper in to a gallop, Michael let his horse run like the wind through the open meadow behind Netherfield. The wind whipped through his hair and he had to put a hand on his hat to keep it from flying off. Netherfield soon came into view and reluctantly slowed to a walk as he came up the drive. Dismounting, Michael handed the reins to a nearby stable boy, and turned at the sound of boots hitting the gravel. Seeing Darcy and Fitzwilliam coming towards him, he smiled and held out his hand to both men. "Good afternoon Darcy, Fitzwilliam," he greeted. Fitzwilliam smiled at his comrade and gestured towards Darcy. "Shall we get to it? It may be our last decent stretch of weather to go hunting." Darcy gave Lucas a slight smile and a nod before they set off. Author's Note: Well I'm not sure how many chapters I plan on making this story, but be warned that this is only the beginning. I have big plans for this tale, but it may take me awhile to get there. I hope to have this story completed before my wedding next summer. I hope you are still enjoying Three years later. Merry Christmas everyone! Let me know what you think.
Chapter 12 Michael grabbed the missive off his father's desk and frowned when he saw it was from one of his friends he had made while being in the army. Reading through it quickly, he wondered why Jackson Sidle was writing to him until he reached the end of the letter. Jackson's younger sister ran off with an officer and he wanted Michael to keep an eye out for her since they were seen headed towards Hertfordshire. Throwing the letter on the large oak desk, he leaned back in his father's chair, and ran a hand through his hair. He had met Emily once a few years back when she was just a child, but now she was around the same age as Maria. Michael would need to keep an eye out for an unknown officer, but he knew it would not be easy since the militia had just came to camp in Meryton for a few weeks before heading to winter in Briton. Racking a hand through his hair again, he wondered if he should make a call to Loughbourn. After he had finished hunting with Fitzwilliam and Darcy on Saturday, it had been four days since he had left Lucas Lodge and he was growing antsy. He wanted to see Mary and have a pleasant conversation with her instead of always having to argue with his father about his choice of career. Taping his fingers on the desk, Michael knew how he could spend some alone time with Mary and still spend some much needed time out of doors before the cold weather hit and snow started to fly. Jumping to his feet, he made his way to the front door, smiling slightly when he passed the parlor and saw Charlotte and Maria doing embroidery and talking. "Where are you off too in such a hurry little brother?" Charlotte asked as she looked up. Michael saw the knowing gleam in his sister's eye and chuckled. She knew exactly where he was headed to. "I decided to take Juniper out for a run before it gets too cold. Would either of you two ladies like to join me?" he asked leaning against the parlor doorframe. Crossing his arms over his chest, he wagged his eyebrows at Maria causing her to giggle. "We will join you another time, Michael. Enjoy your run," Charlotte said with a chuckle as her and Maria bent their heads back to their work. Pushing himself off the doorframe, Michael bowed to his sisters. "I will see you lovely ladies at supper tonight." Making his way back to the front door, he grabbed his coat, hat and gloves. Putting on his outer wear quickly, he made his way to the stables. The young stable boy, Jack came over to him to offer assistance, but Michael waved him away. He had learned pretty quickly in the army how to take care of his horse on his own and it was one of the things he enjoyed doing. It gave him time to bond with Juniper and learn everything he needed to know about the horse's personality. Saddling his horse with ease, he led him out the stall, and tied his reins to the post. Patting him on the neck, Michael made his way down the aisle looking at the rest of the horses, wondering which one would be a perfect fit for Mary. Stopping in front of a stall that housed a beautiful chestnut gelding, he chuckled softy when the horse shook his head up and down, nickering loudly. "Would you like to go for a ride Thunder?" Thunder neighed again, while Michael grabbed a halter of the hook beside the stall. Walking into the stall, he quickly clipped the halter on and led the horse out of the stall. Putting the saddle on and switching out the halter for a bridal, he led Thunder over to Juniper and fed the both a sugar cube. Swinging into the saddle, he tipped his hat to the young stable boy and made his way down the lane to Loughbourn. The little estate came into view within a few minutes and Michael wondered if Fitzwilliam or Darcy were visiting as well. He wondered how Mrs. Bennet would react to the news if her three eldest daughters all became engaged around the same time. He knew that Darcy would be able to offer for Elizabeth without hesitation, but Fitzwilliam and he would be a different matter. Neither one of them was ready to tell the woman he admired that they would be stationed in America in a few weeks. Sighing, Michael pulled the horses to a stop in front of the house and slid to the ground. Handing the reins to a nearby groom, he told the boy to wait there with the horses since he would not be inside for very long. Climbing the stairs, he knocked, and grinned when Mrs. Hill swung the door open. "Good afternoon Mrs. Hill. Is Miss Mary home to visitors?" he asked holding his hat in between his fingers. Gesturing for Michael Lucas to enter, Mrs. Hill took his hat and coat. "It is good to see you again sir. Miss Mary is in the parlor with her mother and Lydia." He glanced at the parlor door with a slight frown. Knowing how Mrs. Bennet and Lydia could be, Michael wondered how Mary was faring by herself. "Where are the rest of Miss Mary's sisters?" Smiling at Michael's concern, Mrs. Hill gestured upstairs. "They are keeping Miss Jane Company in her room." Opening the parlor door, Mrs. Hill announced Michael to the ladies and silently backed away. Looking around the parlor, he locked eyes with Mary, and smiled when he saw a faint blush creep up her neck. She looked away quickly, returning to the handkerchief she was embroidering. "What can I do for you Mr. Lucas?" Mrs. Bennet asked as she gestured to one of the vacant chairs in the parlor. "Would you like to take a seat?" Shaking his head, Michael turned his attention back to Mary, frowning slightly when he saw Miss Lydia staring at him out of the corner of his eye. "I will not be staying long Mrs. Bennet. I came to ask Miss Mary if she will join me on a ride about the countryside. I have the horses waiting outside for us," turning his full attention back to Mary, he found her watching him with an odd expression on her face. "Will you join me, Miss Mary?" Glancing at her mother, she saw her dip her head slightly. Turning her attention back to Michael, Mary placed her small hand in his larger one and let him pull her to her feet. Lifting her eyes, she gazed into his and wondered what he was thinking. She felt him squeeze her hand gently and quickly pulled it out of his grasp. Chuckling softly at her actions, Michael grinned even wider when he saw her eyes flash for a brief moment with anger. Glancing at Mrs. Bennet, Michael assured her that they would be back before supper was on the table. Mrs. Bennet extended a supper invitation to Michael and smiled when he agreed to join them. Gesturing for Mary to walk ahead of him, he followed her to the front door. Helping her put on her outerwear, he resisted the urge to tuck a stray strand of hair behind her ear as she tied on her bonnet. Leading her to the horses, Michael watched her face to gauge her reaction. Her eyes had widen slightly and he saw her lips form into an o. "Miss Mary I would like you to meet Thunder. He is the mount you will be riding today if you want." Reaching up, Mary gently touched Thunders nose and laughed softly when Thunder's warm breath tickled her hand. Running a hand down his neck, she talked softly to the giant, but sweet gelding. "He is beautiful, Michael," she breathed as she turned to look at him, blushing when she realized she had used his Christian name. Clearing his throat, Michael resisted the urge to kiss those lips that had said his name. "That is the second time you have called me by my Christian name, Miss Mary," he teased, putting the emphasis on the miss. Putting her hands on her hips, she glared at him, but he could have sworn he saw a small smile tugging at the corner of her lips. "Well, Lieutenant Lucas it will not happen again. It was merely a slip of the tongue I assure you." She turned her attention back to the chestnut gelding and continued to stroke his muzzle. Throwing his head back, Michael let out a loud laugh, making Mary look over her shoulder at him with a raised brow. Once he finished laughing, he caught her eye, and grinned his lopsided grin. "You never fail to surprise me Miss Mary. Shall we go for a ride now?" he asked, gesturing to their mounts. Nodding her head, Mary grabbed hold of the reins and prepared to mount when she felt strong hands grasp her waist and hoist her into the saddle. Settling into the saddle, she glanced down at Michael's hands still settled on her waist. Following her gaze, he slowly withdrew his hands from her waist, and smiled slightly when he saw her eyes widen slightly. Michael knew that with that simple touch he had affected her somehow. Turning to his own horse, he quickly mounted and picked up the reins. Turning his attention to his companion, he asked, "Where shall we ride to first my lady?" Blushing slightly when he called her my lady, Mary thought for a minute. "Let us just explore the neighborhood. It has been awhile since I have ridden around Hertfordshire. Shall we ride to Oak Mount first?" Steering Juniper in the direction of Oak Mount, Michael gently urged him forward. Mary soon urged her horse to ride next to his, but a respectable distance apart. Taking in a deep breath of the early December air, he let it out slowly, praying that the next few weeks would be peaceful and he would make progress wooing Mary. He also hoped he would have the courage soon to tell her where he would be stationed. Scanning the countryside, Mary smiled. Riding around the area where she grew up always made her feel free and alive. She loved spending time with her sisters, but glancing at the man riding beside her, she found herself enjoying her time more and more each time they were together. Riding in silence, they finally reached Oak Mount. Pulling Thunder to a stop, Mary took in the breath taking view and sighed. The creek was fast flowing, but would soon be layered thick with ice and snow. "It's beautiful." Michael pulled up beside Mary and watched her expressions as she took in the view of the countryside. "You're beautiful," he said quickly and shot her a small grin when she turned her attention to him. "I am not beautiful Lieutenant Lucas; I'm not even considered pretty by my sisters," she spat at him and he watched as her eyes flashed brightly at him. "Mary," he said softly as not to spook her. "No Michael. Nothing you say will change how I see myself and how others have always seen me," she nearly shouted, hot tears streaking down her face. Grabbing hold of Thunder's reins, she wheeled him around, and spurred him back towards home. Quickly spurring Juniper forward, Michael quickly followed an emotional Mary. Coming up beside her, he quickly grabbed Thunder's reins and pulled them both to a stop. Tying Thunder's reins to the pommel of Juniper's saddle, he quickly jumped out of the saddle, and walked around to stand beside Mary. Hauling her out of the saddle, he ignored her gasp of protest as he settled her on her feet. Gently pulling her into his arms, he rested his chin on her head, as he felt her bury her head into his chest. As she cried into his jacket letting out all of her built up frustrations and anger, he wondered how anyone could overlook the true gem that this petite young woman was. She must have always been told how much she differed from her sisters; whether in looks or personality all the time. Wrapping his arms around a little tighter, he wanted to be the one to show her true worth. Gently pushing her back a little, Michael lifted up her chin. Running a thumb under her eye, he swiped a few stray tears from her cheek, and gave her a small smile. Mary tried to give him a wobbly smile, but all she managed was a few more tears. The sensations that were running through her as Michael continued to whip the stray tears from her cheeks, made her want to blush to the bottom of her toes. "I am sorry Michael. I did not mean to soak your jacket," she whispered trying to straighten out his jacket. Laying a hand over hers, Michael shook his head, chuckling softly. "It is perfectly fine, Mary. How are you holding up?" he asked catching her eye. Pulling her a little closer, he smiled when her eyes widened slightly. "I….I think I would like to go over a ride, if you do not mind," she asked, blushing slightly as she gazed down at the buttons on his jacket. Inching his face closer to hers, he gently kissed her nose. Standing up to his full height, he chuckled softly at her facial expression. Bowing low, he gestured, "As you wish my lady."
Chapter 13 Stirring slightly, the young lady pushed a stray lock of hair out of her face and smiled at her companion. "When will we be there, George?" she asked with a slight frown as her companion's hand traveled up her thigh. Glancing at Emily, he shifted slightly against her. "We will be there soon, my sweet I promise," he said turning his attention back to the window. The wind was blowing the trees slightly and he shivered against the cold outside. They would soon be arriving in Hertfordshire where he would be meeting up with his commanding officer and when the time was right, leave the young lady sitting next to him. He had met her two weeks ago after befriending her brother and had easily convinced the naïve young woman to run away and get married. Smiling down at her head, he wondered if he would finally be able to bed her. She had been very willing to accept his advances, but everytime he tried to go further, she pushed him away and wagged a finger in his face, saying they were not married yet. The coaching post pulled into the little village of Meryton and George quickly pushed Emily away from him. He did not want anyone in the town suspecting what he was actually doing with her. Opening the door, he quickly jumped down, and helped Emily to the ground. Scanning the small town, he scowled slightly at how small the town was. He was hoping there would be a few entertainment places for him to visit, but unfortunately it looked like he was out of luck once again. Turning her attention to George, Emily wondered for a brief moment if she was making the wrong decision. He had promised to marry her, but she kept having this nagging feeling that something was not right with him. Glancing over her shoulder, she noticed the inn, and decided to head inside. It would be nice to have a hot meal and to wash the trail dust of her person. Letting her eyes ajust to the dim lighting, she offered a small smile to the innkeeper behind the desk, before quickly taking in her surroundings. "I did not give you permission to come in here alone," George whispered in her ear as he grabbed her arm a little too forcefully. Pulling her arm out of his grasp, Emily smiled sweetly at him. "Get two rooms for us please George. I would like to rest before spending time looking over the town." Bowing his head slightly, George knew that he would have to do as she said or else the innkeeper would start asking questions. Striding over to the counter, he requested two rooms for him and his sister. The innkeeper raised an eyebrow slightly as he handed over the two room keys but did not ask any questions. Handing one of the keys to Emily, George followed her up the stairs. Seeing her to her room, he quickly glanced over his shoulder to make sure no one was watching them and slipped into his own room. Putting his bag on the bed, he quickly washed off the road dust and slipped into his uniform. He would need to meet up with Colonel Foster before the end of the day and report to his post. Turning the door knob, he slipped out of the room, making his way out into the street. Glancing up and down the street, he decided then and there to leave Emily to fend for herself. He would be able to easily find other young ladies who were willing to give him what he wanted. 0000000 Sitting on the edge of the bed, Emily leaned her hands back behind her, and took in her soundings. The little room in the inn was small with only a bed, table and chairs, and a small wardrobe. Opening up her carpet bag, she shifted through the items, before pausing when she found the letters from her brother. Lifting them out of the bag, she wondered what he was doing right now. Was he searching for her? Was he worried about her safety? Closing her eyes, she knew it was a bad idea to be with a gentleman alone, but he had promised to marry her. Walking to the small basin, she dipped her hands into the water and rinsed her face of all the grim and dirt from the trail. Lifting the towel to her face, she paused when a blur of red hurried up the street. Why was George leaving her alone? Shrugging her shoulders slightly, Emily decided not to waste the day alone in her room, but made the quick decision to see if they had a bookstore in town. 000000000 Glancing at mary sitting beside him, Michael smiled slightly. She had agreed to take a ride with him into town, but only if one of the places he stopped was the bookstore. Chuckling at the serious look on her face, he had agreed to her request. Pulling the blanket snuggly around her, he felt her shift a little closer to him to keep warm. "are you warm enough, Mary?" he asked with a slight smile. Glancing quickly from him to the horses, Mary gave him a grin through her scarf wrapped around her neck. "it may be a bit windy today, but with the extra blankets, Mrs. Jackson saw to give us, I am quite warm. Thank you for bringing me to the bookstore, Michael," she said softly still unused to calling him by his Christian name. Since that day when she had broken down in his arms and let out all her frustrations, he had requested that she call him Michael and he call her Mary. Bowing his head slightly, he replied, "It is my pleasure, my lady. Are your sisters still enjoying the company of Darcy and Fitzwilliam? He asked. It had been about two weeks since he had seen either gentleman since they never seemed to cross paths when they visisted the Bennet household. Mary chuckled softly, "Colonel Fitzwilliam decided to take Jane out to the garden today to enjoy the weather before it became too cold to venture very far." "She is not allowed to walk yet on her leg is she?" "No it will be at least another week before the cast can come off. Colonel Fitzwilliam would not listen to Jane when she said she could walk outside, so he decided to carry her out to the bench in the garden. I have never seen Jane so mad at someone before," Mary said with a laugh and realized that Colonel Fitzwilliam was good for Jane. He seemed to know how to bring out a different side of her that none of them had seen before. "He is a good man, Mary and maybe someday he will make your sister a decent husband," he replied as they made their way into town. Lifting a hand to a few of the people he knew on the street, Michael pulled the curricle to a stop in front of the bookstore. Jumping down, he tied the horses, and walked around to the other side to lift Mary down. Once she was settled on her feet, he let his hands rest a moment longer on her waist, before giving it a slight squeeze. Giving Mary a smile, he led them into the bookstore. "I would like to browse for a few minutes and see if they have the book I have been waiting for. Are you going to come with me or browse another section," Mary asked as she gazed up at him and Michael could have sworn he saw a plea in her eyes to join him. "I will join you in a few moments. I need to find a book that Charlotte wanted for her birthday," he said quickly as he made his way to another part of the bookstore. Shrugging her shoulders slightly, Mary made her way to the part of the bookstore that usually housed the stories she liked to read. Running a finger along the spines of the books, she quickly found the one she was looking for and smiled. She found another book she could hid behind Fordyce Sermons with and no one would be the wiser. A hand on her shoulder made her jump and she turned to find herself looking into the face of a young lady she did not recognized. "I am sorry to bother you miss, but I was wondering if you knew where the dime novels were kept. I have never been to this bookstore and cannot seem to find them." Glancing over her shoulder at the books she had just finished browsing through, Mary chuckled softy. "i was just browsing through them myself and was blocking them when you walked by." Moving over to the side some, Mary gestured to the row of dime novels and let the young lady pursue them. "Is there one in particular you are searching for? If it is not here, I am sure Mr. Graves would have it in a new shipment or be able to get it for you," she offered when the young woman did not seem to choose one Finally pulling a novel out, Emily shook her head and smiled. "Thank you for the offer, but I have found just the one I was searching for. Thank you for your help, Miss." "My name is Mary Bennet and you are welcome. It was my pleasure to help another reader find what they were looking for," she offered with a smile, before glancing down at her own novel. Peeking at the novel, Miss Bennet had in her hands, Emily giggled. "You will love that novel, Miss Bennet. It has always been one of my favorites. My name is Emily Sidle. It's a pleasure to meet you." "Mary are you ready to head back home. I found the book I was looking for," Michael said as he came up to Mary in conversation with a young lady he did not recognize. The red head turned her head slightly and he knew who Mary was talking to. "Miss Sidle?" he asked. Gasping Emily turned around to look at the man who said her name and went pale. Of all the towns to come to she had to be in the one where her brother's good friend Mr. Lucas was staying. "Mr. Lucas," she stammered and wondered how she was going to talk herself out of this one. "It is nice to see you again. It has been too long." "Its Lieutenant Lucas now Miss Sidle. How come you to be in our little village of Meryton? Last I heard from your brother he was still stationed in the North," he asked with a slight raise of his brow and watching in satisfaction as her eyes got bigger and her cheeks turned red. Would she admit who she was really here with? She knew Lieutenant Lucas would be able to see through lies, so she decided the best thing to do was tell him part of the truth and leave it at that. "My brother is still stationed in the North, but I decided to go and visit some friends in London. The North is too harsh for me and Jackson decided I needed to spend some time with society again. It was a pleaure seeing you again and meeting you Miss Bennet, but I really must be going," she hurriedly said taking the book she picked out with her. Mary watching Miss Sidle pay for her purchase and practically run out the front door. Turning her attention to Michael, she saw he was staring at the door Miss Sidle had just went through. Laying a hand on his arm, she gave it a gentle squeeze, and smiled at him when he turned to look down at her. "Is everything alright?" Taking the book from her hands, he chuckled as he read the title, and laughed harder at the glare Mary was shooting his way. Taping her nose slightly, he gave her a small grin. "Everything is going to be fine, but I need to send off a note to my friend in the North as soon as possible. Let me pay for these books quick and then let us head to the post office," Michael said as he paid for their books. Opening the door for Mary, he followed her out to the curricle. Putting their purchases under the seat, he offered his arm to her. "Would you like to join me?" he asked. Taking his arm, she wondered what was so important all of a sudden. Giving his arm another light squeeze as they crossed the street, she whispered, "You can trust me Michael. I hope you know that." Laying a hand over hers, he slowly nodded his head. "The day we went on our ride, I received a letter from an old friend of mine I had made while in the militia. It seems his sister had run off with an officer and they were seen headed in this direction. Jackson had asked that I keep an eye out for them and to let him know if I had seen or heard anything." "From your expression I take it that young woman is Emily Sidle? What are you going to do?" "I am going to send an express to Emily's brother and tell him that she is here in Meryton. After that is completed I will return you home and then see if I can make inquiries into the officers staying in Meryton to see if any knew men have shown up within the last few days. If Darcy and Fitzwilliam are still visiting your sisters that I hope they can help me out."
Chapter 14 Picking up the discarded express off the large oak desk, Colonel Fitzwilliam scanned the words again, before throwing it back on the desk. The express that had arrived a few hours earlier put a damper on his plans. Miss Jane Bennet was becoming very important to him and he wanted to continue to get to know her better before offering for her hand, but now they were being summoned to headquarters sooner than expected. They still had a few weeks leave left, but now they only had two weeks. Racking a hand through his hair, he sighed and wondered how he was going to tell Michael Lucas the news. He knew the young man was close to offering for Mary Bennet and he wanted to give them as much time as he could, but that was not in the cards anymore. The study door opened and he looked up to find his cousin Darcy entering the room. "Well, hello cousin. Did Miss Elizabeth get tired of you already or did Mr. Bennet run you off the property?" he asked with a chuckle. Taking the seat across from Fitzwilliam, Darcy shook his head, but Colonel Fitzwilliam could see a small smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Elizabeth is spending time with Jane. Mrs. Bennet is teaching them a few things in the kitchen, and they did not want any company distracting them." Locking his hands behind his head, Richard chuckled, "Sounds like Mrs. Bennet is grooming them to become some gentleman's wife real soon." Leaning back slightly, Darcy asked, "Do you intend to offer for Jane Bennet? You have been spending significant time with her. I would not ask if I did not think it was important." Richard's eyes flicked to the discarded express before coming to rest on Darcy. Sighing, he said, "I would like to offer for her, but I just received an express stating our leave is being cut short and we will be shipped out for the America's in two weeks. I need to tell Jane and I need to find Michael Lucas to tell him." Darcy was leaning forward by the time Richard had finished speaking and he whistled low under his breath. "I always hate to see you leave to fight again, but let us make these last two weeks' worth it. We will spend as much time as we are allowed with Elizabeth and Jane. Shall we head out and see if we can find Lucas," Darcy said standing to his feet, jumping when study door was thrown open. Spinning around, he saw a much disheveled Michael Lucas striding over to them. "What can we help you with Lucas? You look like a ghost has been chasing you," Richard said with a laugh. Stopping to catch his breath, Michael stood in front of Richard for a moment before speaking. "Remember that young woman my friend had me keep an eye out for?" he asked as Richard nodded his head. "Well I found her today when Mary and I were at the bookstore. Mary was talking to Emily and when I came up to them I was surprised it was her. I need to get her away from the man who is with her, so I can return her to her brother. I did not see a wedding ring on her finger, so I do not think she married the young man who she ran away with." "Do you have any idea who she could be traveling with?" "All I know is that he is in the militia and Emily's brother said they were headed this way. He could have joined the militia stationed just outside of town," Michael suggested with a slight shrug of his shoulders. "Would you like our help trying to find him?" Darcy asked remembering what is was like when his sister Georgianna almost eloped with George Wickham last summer. A sickening feeling rested in the pit of his stomach and he quickly glanced at Richard. "Richard, I have a feeling I may know who Miss Emily is traveling with." Snapping his attention to his cousin, Richard narrowed his eyes. "We do not even know where he went after what happened last summer, but it could be him. I did tell one of my friends to keep an eye on him, but I have not heard anything as of yet." Glancing between the two cousins, Michael could feel Darcy's body starting to shake with anger, and he saw Richard's blue eyes darken. "I can tell this gentleman has angered both of you at one point, but I would like to get going as soon as we can saddle your horses." "Well then let's get going," Richard said quickly making his way outside, not bothering to see if Michael or Darcy were behind him. They quickly saddled their horses and were soon on the road heading to Meryton. Michael kept quiet as they rode quickly through town, following Richard and Darcy as they made their way to where the soldiers were camped. Pulling his horse to a stop in front of the captain's tent, Michael dismounted, and followed Richard in to the tent. Darcy opted to stay outside and hold the horses till they got back. "I am looking for the captain," Richard said as they walked inside, letting their eyes adjust to the dim lighting. "Who is asking," an older gentleman asked as he walked forward. Holding out his hand, Richard said, "Colonel Fitzwilliam sir. I need to talk to you about one of your men." Clasping his hand, Colonel Foster shook Richard's hand and frowned. "Which one of my men do you need to talk to?" "George Wickham. We believe he is new in camp and is stationed here." Nodding his head, Colonel Foster replied, "He just arrived in camp this morning and I must say that is has been an eventful morning already. Claims he has a sister staying in town and needs to stay with her at night and then come back in the morning, but I would not allow it. That was before some of the other men started asking a few too many personal questions about his sister and it ended up coming to a pretty bad fist fight. He is in the furthest tent to the north. I will leave you to your business." Shaking their hands one more time, Colonel Foster went back behind his desk to finish paperwork. Striding out of the tent, Michael asked, "Shall I leave you and Darcy alone with him or do you want my company?" "Stay with the horses while we take care of this matter. We will only be gone a few minutes," Richard said as he motioned for Darcy to follow him. Leading the way to the area Colonel Foster said Wickham was staying, Richard could feel his anger growing and growing with each step they took. First he had the nerve to go after his cousin last summer and now he was going after another young lady. Raising a finger to his lips, he motioned for Darcy to keep quiet. Lifting the flap of the tent, Richard barged his way in, startling the two occupants inside. "Hello Wickham," Richard said with a smirk. Startled, Wickham fell back in his chair, while his companion stood to his feet and dashed out the open flap where Darcy was standing. Climbing to his feet once his surprise wore off, Wickham asked, "What can I help you gentlemen with today? It has been so long since we have seen one another." Grabbing his chair, Wickham righted it, trying to stall long enough to think of a plan. "Where is the young lady Wickham?" Darcy asked as he advanced further into the tent. "We know that you have been traveling with Emily Sidle and we are here to take her back home." Barking out a quick laugh, Wickham grinned at the two of them. "And now why would I tell you wear that delicious woman is? She has already been traveling with me for a few days now and her reputation is ruined. I was not able to get away with taking Georgiana from you, but I can take another young lady away from her family." At the mention at what he nearly did to his sister, Darcy rushed forward, pinning Wickham against the beam holding the tent upright. Pushing his arm harder against his childhood friend's neck, Darcy felt him start to struggle underneath him. "Where is she Wickham?" "I will not tell you," he laughed but the sound struggled to come out as he was loosing air. Richard walked closer to the pair, putting his face close to Wickham's, "You will tell us where she is or else I will send you away. I do have connections in places where you would not want to be sent too." Thinking about the places Richard Fitzwilliam could send him, Wickham wondered if it would be best to tell them where Emily was staying. He did not want to spend the rest of his life in another country where men like him did not last very long or to be stuck on a ship in the middle of the ocean. "I will tell you if you let me go," he said with a gasp. Looking into his eyes, Darcy wanted to get satisfaction for his sister, so he did not loosen his grip right away. Laying a hand on his arm, Richard gripped Darcy's arm so he knew to release him. "Darcy you need to let him go. He has told us what we wanted to know." Letting go of Wickham, Darcy watched as he crumpled to the floor of the tent, reaching up to massage his throat. "She is staying at the inn by the stagecoach station. You may be able to save her from me, but you will not be able to save her reputation." Walking over to stand over Wickham, Richard grinned. "We will see about that." Raising a fist, Richard punched Wickham in the nose, before striding out of the tent, Darcy hot on his heels. They quickly made their way to where Michael was waiting with the horses. "Did you find where he is keeping her?" Michael asked as they mounted their horses. "She is staying in the inn in town. Let us go and get her and bring her back to Loughbourn where she will be safe," Darcy said as they kicked their horses into a trot. "I am sure Mrs. Bennet will make a fuss over Emily once we get her there," Michael said with a smile. He wondered how the rest of the Bennet woman would welcome Emily into their home until he could get ahold of her brother. "Hopefully she will only be with them for a short while, just long enough for me to get ahold of her brother and let him know where she is at and that she is safe." "Let us hope that she is still where Wickham left her. We will also have to get her out of there as quietly as possible," Richard said as he glanced back at his companions. "Our safest move might be to let Lucas go in and get her. The innkeeper should know that he is a local and hopefully he will not ask too many questions," Darcy stated with a nod. He wanted the least amount of attention drawn to them as possible. Kicking his horse into a canter, Richard wanted to get in to town faster so they could find Miss Sidle and make their way back to Loughbourn. He still needed to tell Lucas about the express he received. Soon they were pulling their horses to a stop in front of the inn Wickham had described. Taking in the meager establishment, Darcy shook his head at the state of it. Tieing their horses to the hitching rail, Darcy motioned for Lucas to come over. Whispering quietly to him, he explained what he thought was a good idea to get Miss Sidle out of the establishment. Nodding his head, Michael glanced at Richard once before making his way inside. Letting his eyes adjust to the dim lighting, he gave Adam a smile when he saw him come out of the back of the inn. "Good afternoon, Adam. I was hoping you could help me find someone," Michael stated lazily as he walked forward and shook hands with the older gentleman. "What can I do for you? I hope no one is in trouble? I do not like bringing unwanted attention to my establishment. It is very bad for business you see," Adam said as he finished wiping his hands on the already dirty dish cloth. "I am looking for a young lady. She came in here earlier today with an officer. He has sandy brown hair, blue eyes." Waiving away his description of the officer, Adam shook his head, "No need for you to described him to me, Lucas. He came in here earlier on the stagecoach and requested two rooms. One for him and one for his sister, but I had my suspicions that they were not related. When she walked in front of him upstairs, I noticed that he was well….looking places no brother should look at his sister," he said with a grunt as he grabbed the ledger from beneath the counter. Flipping to today's date, he quickly scanned the page to see what room he had given her. "She is in room five." Tipping his hat, Michael thanked him quickly, before taking the stairs too at a time. Knocking on door number five, he heard some shuffling, before the door opened a crack. "Will you please let me in Miss Sidle so we can talk?" Emily narrowed her eyes at him a moment, before finally sighing and motioning for him to enter. Taking a seat on the edge of the bed, she waited for him to speak. There could only be one reason he was here and she wondered if it was what she wanted. "We have found the man you ran off with, a Mr. Wickham and he told us where to find you. I came here today to see if I could get you to come with me and eventually go back to your brother." "How did you know I would even be in Meryton?" "Your brother wrote a letter to me a while ago asking for me to keep a lookout for you. He is a good friend of mine and I would like to see you safely home if that is at all possible. Will you come willingly or do I need to carry you out of here kicking and screaming?" he asked but really did not want to throw her over his shoulder. "My reputation is already ruined. There is no hope for me," she said as the reality of what she had almost done started sinking in. sniffling back the tears that threatened to overflow, she glanced up when a handkerchief was pressed into her hand. "No one in Meryton knows who you are or where you came from. The only people that know why you came here around outside with me and you have my word that we will not say a word, I promise." "What about Mr. Wickham?" "He will not be bothering you again," Michael said as he walked to the window. Looking down, he saw Richard and Darcy talking near the horses watching the street. "We should get going Miss Sidle," he said turning back around, finding her standing by the door holding her carpetbag. "I am ready to go, but I would like to write to my brother if you do not mind." Opening the door, she led the way down the stairs and out in to the street. Stepping forward, Richard held out his hand, "You can ride my horse, Miss Sidle. I will walk beside him." "I would not want to impose. I can walk beside you gentlemen if someone takes my carpet bag," she said motioning to her bag. "I can take that," Darcy said gripping the hand. Settling it behind his saddle, he quickly mounted, and waited for the other three to sort out their predicament. "I will not having you walk Miss Sidle," Richard said going into military mode. "You can ride behind me then if that makes you feel more comfortable." Nodding her head, Emily waited for Richard to mount before allowing Michael to help her up onto the horse. Settling her skirts around her, Emily glanced at the inn one last time before they started out of town. She thought she was making a good decision when she decided to run away with George, but as the day wore on she was starting to have doubts as to his intentions. He had left her without a word and had never stopped in through out the day to check on her and make sure she was still waiting for him. Watching the countryside move by as they rode out of town, she wondered where her life was headed now.
Chapter 15 Mary pulled the blanket a little closer to her chin and shivered. Glancing over at the fireplace, she watched as the flames danced in the hearth. She did not know why, but it seemed colder in her room this afternoon even though they had just added logs to the already roaring fire. Shaking her head to ward away the thoughts, she snuck a look out the window hoping to see Michael's horse coming up the lane, but just like the past fifteen minutes no one was there. Sighing, she turned her attention back to the handkerchief she was embroidering with her initials in the corner. Mary wanted to get him something for Christmas which was less than a month away and spent hours thinking of something and all that she could come up with was a handkerchief. "He will think this is a poor gift," she muttered under her breath, letting the fabric fall through her fingers. "A gift for whom?" Startled, she looked over to find her sister, Lydia lounging in the bedroom doorway. Looking at her more closely, Mary noticed the glint in her eye and that half turned smile that always meant trouble. "How can I help you Lydia? I thought you were with Mama and Kitty in Meryton?" "We just arrived home," she said as she flounced in to the room. Taking a seat on Mary's bed, Lydia looked around, giggling softly. How could Mary have so many books and not spend her pin money on ribbons or a new dress. "Kitty and Mama are in the parlor and I did not want to be there anymore. I could not find Elizabeth or Jane so I came to see what you were doing," she gave Mary a smile, but Mary knew it was all an act. "I was reading a book. If you do not mind I would like to finish it before supper is served," she stated, picking up her discarded book and opening it to where she left off. "You have not answered my question." "What question was that?" Mary asked without looking up from the page. "Who are you making a gift for?" Glancing at her sister, Mary smiled. "It is for Papa. I saw that he needed a new scarf and decided to make him one for Christmas," she lied to her sister. Mary knew it was wrong of her to do, but if she told Lydia the truth then she would just start asking more questions and tell the whole village about her being sweet on Michael. Seeing that she was not going to get the answer she wanted to hear, Lydia decided to find Kitty and see if she wanted to redo the bonnets they did not wear anymore. Once Lydia was out of the room, Mary picked up the half done Christmas gift and decided to finish it before nightfall. As she was stitching the M, a flash of red caught her eye. Looking out the window, Mary smiled when she saw Michael riding towards the house. As her eyes moved across the other mounted men, she gasped when she saw a young woman riding behind Colonel Fitzwilliam. "I wonder who she is?" Mary asked aloud. Putting her items on the window seat, Mary threw the covers to the side, and made her way to Elizabeth and Jane's room. Knocking on the door, she greeted her sister. "The gentlemen are coming up the drive, but I saw a young woman riding behind Colonel Fitzwilliam. Shall we help Jane downstairs and see what is going on?" Mary asked quickly, glancing behind Elizabeth to smile at Jane. Nodding her head, Elizabeth allowed Mary to enter and together they helped Jane down in the parlor. Taking a seat, she glanced at Jane and then Elizabeth, before staring at the parlor door waiting for them to enter. A gentle squeeze of her hand by Jane was all it look for her to calm down. A few minutes later a commotion was heard in the hallway. They could hear their father yelling for Hill and a young girl weeping. Rushing to her feet, Mary threw open the door. Making her way to her father's study, she found Colonel Fitzwilliam, Mr. Darcy, and Michael all trying to talk to her father at once. Peeking behind Michael, Mary caught a glimpse of the young woman. "Miss Sidle!" she exclaimed with shock. What was she doing here? All eyes turned to her, making Mary blush. She hated when all the attention was on her. "Mary?" Michael urged as he walked up to stand in front of her. He was not surprised by her outburst as the two young women had met earlier that day, but he knew all the attention being focused on her was making her uncomfortable. Raising her head, Mary smiled at Michael. "I am sorry for my outburst." Shaking his head, Michael chuckled. "There is no reason to be sorry. You were just surprised to see Miss Sidle here. Is there a place we can talk in private? I would like to tell you the story myself before someone else does." "Yes, we can go in the kitchen. No one will disturb us there," she said as she led the way through the house. Stepping in to the kitchen, Mary hesitated a moment. She knew that being alone with Michael was not proper, but right now she just wanted answers. Pulling out a chair, Michael urged Mary to take a seat. Sitting across from her, he quickly picked up her hand, pressing a feather light kiss to the inside palm. Watching her eyes open slightly, Michael dropped her hand, but not before giving it a light squeeze. As they sat there, he told her the story of how he had met Emily's brother in the militia and a few short months later he was introduced to Emily. He had not heard from Emily's brother in quite a while when he received his note. Mary nodded along, thinking back to earlier that day when she had met the young lady in the bookstore. "How come you did not say anything when we were in town?" Mary asked after a few moments of silence. "I did not want Emily to know that her brother had written me. After I dropped you off here, I grabbed my horse and made my way to Netherfield. I knew that I could count on Richard's and Darcy's help in locating her. They were actually the ones that led me to the man that Emily was with." "How did they do that?" "I will let them tell the story as to how they know the man, but he is someone from there past and this is not the first time he has tried to run off with someone. He has tried this a number of times and has yet to be successful. We have told your father everything I am telling you. He also knows to watch out for the man if he is ever around." "Where will Emily stay?" Mary asked with worry. It would take at least a week or more to get ahold of her brother before he could come and escort her home. "That is another topic we discussed with your father. Emily will be staying here until her brother can make his way here to get her or send an escort," Michael said with a smile, watching as the tension left Mary's shoulders. "She can stay in my room with me. I have a large bed that will be able to hold both of us comfortably," she said with a grin. Listening to Mary talk about sharing a room and bed with Emily made his mind wander to her sharing a bed with him. As he glanced around, he wondered if it would finally be a good time to tell her how he felt. He wanted her to know that he would come back for her. "Mary there is something I would like to talk about." "Yes?" Mary asked as Michael reached for her hand again. Michael started to speak, but a sound at the kitchen doorway made both of them look up. There in the doorway stood Colonel Fitzwilliam watching them. "Mr. Bennet is requesting the presence of Mary in his study," Richard said with a slight bow of his head. Standing to her feet, Mary gave both gentlemen a curtsey, before leaving them alone. Making her way to her father's study, Mary hesitated slightly before taking a deep breath. Knocking on the door, Mary opened it when she heard her father's voice saying enter. Stepping inside, she found her father and Emily sitting across from each other. Waving to the empty chair sitting next to Emily, Mr. Bennet said, "Please take a seat Mary." Settling in to the soft cushioned chair, Mary folded her hands in her lap. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Emily shift slightly. Reaching across the space between them, Mary gave Emily's hand a slight squeeze. "Mary, Michael Lucas tells me that you met Miss Sidle in the bookstore earlier today?" he asked with a raise of his brow. "Yes, sir. I helped Miss Sidle find a book she was looking for. We only talked for a few moments," she said with a nod of her head. "I have thought this over and discussed it with the gentlemen and I have decided to let Miss Sidle stay here until her brother can come and collect her. She will be staying in your room since it is the only one with room right now. Now go and show her to your room and let her get settled. Supper will be served shortly. All of the gentlemen have decided to join us," he said as he turned back to his book work. Taking that as her cue to leave, Mary grabbed Emily's hand and pulled her out of the study. Leading the way up the stairs, she opened her bedroom door. "Well this is where you will be staying for a while. I will let you get settled." "Please stay, Miss Bennet," Emily said as she walked over and sat on the bed. Taking a seat by the window, Mary tucked a stray curl behind her ear. "If we are going to be staying in the same room, please call me Mary." Smiling at her new friend, Emily said, "Then you must call me Emily. I hope I am not causing your family too much trouble. I did not mean to let things get like this." "My sister's will be happy to have you. May I ask why you decided it would be a good idea to run away and get married to a stranger?" Wringing her hands in her lap, Emily tried to come up with a good answer. Raising her head, she looked at Mary. "I honestly thought I was in love with him, but now looking back I think it was just nothing. He was the first gentleman to treat me like I was special, but I have seen the way a certain gentleman looks at you. I can tell that that is what love looks like," Emily giggled with a slight cock of her head. Blushing to the roots of her hair, Mary did not know what to say. She knew now that she was in love with Michael Lucas, but was he with her? A squeeze of her hand made her glance up. "I am sorry if I embarrassed you Mary. Would you like to talk about something else?" Gratefully nodding her head, Mary smiled at Emily. Soon the two women were chatting about books and horses. 00000000 Taking a seat across from Michael, Richard grabbed one of the coffee cups and took a hearty drink. Setting the cup back on the table, he studied Michael for a moment. The young man was staring in to his coffee cup with a thoughtful expression on his face. He seemed to be thinking heavily on something or someone he thought with a small smile. "Michael?" Raising his head, Michael found Richard sitting across from him. "What can I do for you Richard?" "I need to talk to you about something. Before you came to Netherfield today, I received an express from headquarters. We have to be back in two weeks. They want us to start training earlier and leave for America sooner than expected. I know this puts a damper on your plans with Mary, but you have to tell her Michael. She has to know what is going on." As Richard kept talking, Michael's head started spinning. They were leaving for the America's in two weeks? He still had yet to tell Mary that he was being shipped over there and he did not know when he would return if ever. He needed to speak to her as soon as possible. Author's Note: How are you guys enjoying the story? Would you like to see Bingley return and maybe stir up some trouble before Colonel Fitzwilliam leaves for America? What do you think about Mary and Michael? How is my new character Emily? Let me know what you think please?
Chapter 16 Grabbing the tea cups off the table, Michael pushed his way out of the kitchen door. Striding down the hallway, he knew exactly where to find the one person he desperately needed to talk to. After they had seen Emily settled, Michael had requested a private audience with Mr. Bennet to talk to Mary and to ask her a certain question. Mr. Bennet had happy obliged, giving the young man a slight slap on the back as he walked out. Stopping in the doorway of the little reading nook, Mr. Bennet had set aside for his daughters a few years ago; he took in the little scene in front of him. Mary was curled up under a blanket, leaning against the frosted up window. Her legs were tucked up underneath her and he smiled when he saw that she had decided to let her hair out of its pins. Watching her closely as she read a book, he noticed for the first time that her lips moved slightly as she read. Clearing his throat, he silently nodded to the tea cups as he walked forward. Handing her one, Michael took a seat next to her, and took a long sip from his cup. "How is Emily settling in?" Wrapping her fingers around the warm cup, Mary gave Michael a smile. "When I left her, she was upstairs with Lydia and Kitty talking about bonnets and dresses. I needed to escape them for a while so I came down here to read. Where are Mr. Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam?" "They are spending time with Elizabeth and Jane in the parlor. Mama is also in there talking away about all the happenings in Meryton," she said with a slight smile as she set her tea cup on the table in front of them. "Mary there is something I need to talk to you about," Michael said. Setting his cup on the table, he noticed that his hands were shaking slightly. Taking a deep breath, he straightened, and quickly reached for her hands. Giving them a slight squeeze, he gave her a smile. "I found out a few weeks ago that they are sending me to America to help fight over there," he said slowly trying to gauge her reaction. All of a sudden, Mary felt like she could not breathe. Michael was telling her that he was being sent over seas to another country, while she was going to be left here. Lifting her eyes, she found him watching her closely. "Mary?" he asked nervously after she did not say anything. Sucking in a ragged breath, Mary whispered, "When do you leave?" Shifting closer to her, he wanted to wrap his arms around her shoulders, but he was not sure how she would react. "We have to leave earlier than expected. I leave the day before Christmas, my love," he whispered into her hair. Suddenly she was pushing herself away from him, trying to get distance between them. Why was he leaving her already? She felt like she had just realized how much he meant to her and now it was all being taken away from her so soon. Looking up at him, she found herself gazing in to those eyes she loved so much. Did he say love? She wondered suddenly. "Oh, Mary please do not cry," he said suddenly and that's when Mary realized that hot tears were streaking down her cheeks. Using his thumb, Michael gently brushed them away. "I promise you that I am going to come back to you. I love you Mary and I want you to be my wife," he said as he gently lifted her chin. "I want to spend the rest of my life with you by my side, raising a family, and reading by the fire late at night." "You love me and want to marry me?" she stuttered as her eyes opened wider with each second that passed by. She knew that this is what was expected of them since they were spending so much time together, but she could not quite believe this is how it was happening. Pulling her back closer to him, Michael wrapped his arms around her small form, smiling against her hair when he felt her snuggle deeper in to his chest. He knew that this would come as a shock and a surprise to her, but he did not know how else to tell her. He also knew that he should have told her sooner about him leaving the country, but he was scared. "Will you be my wife, Mary?" he asked again after a few moments of silence. Nodding her head against his chest, Mary raised her head so he could see her face. She felt herself smiling widely as she watched his face light up. Moving forward very quickly, she raised herself slightly and pressed a kiss to Michael's cheek. "I love you too Michael. I was unsure of my feelings for so long, but now I know that you are the one I am meant to be with." "Since I leave the day before Christmas I would like for us to wait to get married until I come back. I do not want to marry you my dear and then leave you a widow," he said solemnly as his eyes tried to plead with her to understand. Mary knew that he was trying to be brave leaving her alone without him, but she wished that she could go with him. "Can we not get married and then I travel over there with you?" Shaking his head, Michael frowned. "I would rather not have you make that journey across seas. It can get very dangerous and most of the men will not be bringing their wives. The camp is not set up for womenfolk. We will be living in tents, not cabins." Grabbing her hands, he whispered, "I promise Mary that I will come back for you. We can write letters while I am away. They may take a while to get here, but it will be a comfort to have them." Pressing a quick kiss to his knuckles, Mary nodded her head. She did not quite agree with his plan, but in the end it was probably the one that made the most sense. "And besides," he said with a cooked grin, "Someone will have to keep Jane company while Richard is away. I know he plans on asking your sister a certain question before he leaves." Gasping Mary glanced at the door and then back at him. "Oh, she is going to be so happy." 0000000000 "Please tell me Colonel Fitzwilliam," Jane spat as she emphasized his name, "Why I can not come with you to America? I am not some delicate flower who is going to wilt away at the first sign of danger or hardship." Richard took a step back as he watched in fascination as Jane's blues eyes sparked anger at him. Raising his hands, he held his palms out. "I do not want to see you hurt, Janey," he said watching as her anger softened some with the use of his pet name for her. "It is a very dangerous place where we are going to be going. I would rather know you are safe here than having to move from campsite to campsite. It is not easy Jane." Coming to stand in front of her again, he picked up her hands and pressed a slight kiss to the inside of her palm. "You will have a wedding to plan while I am away. I want you safe Jane," he replied, taking a seat next to her. Her body still shook with anger as he pulled her into his arms. She wanted to be with him while he was away, but maybe he was right. She could be here with her sisters safe, but then we would always be in danger while he was gone. Lifting her face, she said, "Promise me that you will be safe and help watch Michael's back. He needs to come back for Mary." Kissing her hair, he smiled, "I promise my dear."
Chapter 17 Cinching the girth of his horse, Michael leaned his head on the animal's body and blew out a breath. He knew he was making the right decision leaving Mary with her family while he was fighting across seas, but now that he was leaving, he was wondering if he was doing the right thing. She is going to be safe here and out of harm's way! He mind screamed to him over and over again, but his heart wanted her there with him. A nicker from a nearby stall made him raise his head. Looking down the row of stalls, he smiled when he saw Thunder shaking his head at him and pawing the stall door. Walking over to the impatient horse, he let out a chuckle. "I am sorry boy, but Mary will not be going for a ride with me today. You will be able to see her soon I promise," he said laying a hand on his muzzle. The bay gelding had taken an instant liking to Mary, much the same way that Michael had. "Keep her safe for me Thunder. I do not know when I will return home," he replied swallowing the lump in his throat. Striding back over to his own mount, he did not glance back. Less he see the hurt in the gentle horse's eyes; much like he would see in Mary's when he took his leave of her. Leading Juniper out of the stable, he quickly swung into the saddle, and pointed his mount towards Loughborn. As he rode along the road, he took in the beauty of the snow covered landscape. This had always been his favorite time of year, as Mother Nature put the country into hibernation. It had always been a past time of his family's to find a Christmas tree that would rival the one from the past year. They would spend the majority of the night before decorating it and the house for Christmas and the coming New Year. This year he would miss all of that, but he would be going into the near year with the promise of a life with the woman he loved. Whistling a happy tune as they rode along, his hand absently moved to touch the little box in his pocket. He had wanted to give Mary a ring when he had proposed, but he had been in such a hurry that he had left it at home. Now in this box was the engagement ring that would remind her of him when he was away, along with another little trinket for her to hold onto. Turning Juniper in to the drive of Loughborn, Michael smiled when he saw Colonel Fitzwilliam's horse already there. Shaking his head, he laughed. That man wasted no time at all when he finally found something to come home to. For as long as he had known Richard, all of the men had said he was a set bachelor and never intended to be tied down to a woman. Michael could not wait until the other men heard Richard's news. If Richard did not share it then he would gladly bring it up when he shared his own news. Tying Juniper next to Richard's mount, Michael checked his pocket again, before striding up to the front door. Knocking gently he waited for someone to answer. The door opened a few seconds later and he found himself staring into the eyes of Mr. Bennet. Bowing to his future father in law, he gave the older gentleman a smile. "Good afternoon, Mr. Bennet. I am here to see Mary, sir." Giving the young man a smile, Mr. Bennet stepped aside to let him enter and get out of the cold wind. "The ladies, along with your friend are in the parlor. I will be in my bookroom if you need anything," he said with a slight chuckle. Michael shook his head slightly as he watched Mary's father shut the door to his study. Most fathers' would have bid their betrotheds a farewell and wished them a safe journey, but not Mr. Bennet. Shaking his head again, he made his way to the parlor. Standing in the doorway, he grinned at the spectacle before him. Mrs. Bennet had somehow cornered the Colonel and was chatting excitedly about his wedding to Jane. Michael noticed that Richard kept shooting pleading looks for help at Jane, Mary, and Elizabeth, but the ladies were having too much fun watching the scene. Jane had her hand over her mouth trying to hide her laughter, but Mary and Elizabeth were not taking any measures to hide their mirth. Folding his arms, he leveled his gaze on Mary, hoping she would sense that someone was watching them. It only took a few seconds for her eyes to drift over to where he was standing. As she took in his stance and frown of disapproval, Mary's smile faded and she quickly nudged both of her sisters. Elizabeth and Jane glanced at Mary and then up to the doorway where she was staring. Both ladies gasped quietly when they saw him, but he swore he could still see amusement dancing in three pairs of fine eyes. Nodding his head slightly in the direction of Mrs. Bennet chatting the ear off his poor commanding officer, Michael watched as three pairs of heads nodded in agreement quickly, before Jane and Elizabeth rose to their feet to save the poor soldier. Watching for a few moments to see if they had the situation under control, he strolled across the room. Taking a seat next to his betrothed, Michael kept staring straight ahead as he started speaking. "How did Richard get cornered by your mother and you and your sisters were silently sitting over here?" he asked and Mary saw the slightest raise of his left brow. Pondering the answer for a few minutes, Mary wondered how best to answer the question. They had not meant to leave Colonel Fitzwilliam along with their mother, but Mrs. Hill needed all three ladies input on something, so they had excused themselves, promising to be back soon. When they entered the parlor not even five minutes later, their mother had the soldier cornered on the sofa. She had not noticed that they had arrived, back so Elizabeth had decided just to take a seat. She and Jane had no other option but to sit as well and wait for one of them to notice they were back. "Mary?" he asked after she had been quiet for a long time. Glancing up at Michael, Mary smiled, "Mrs. Hill needed all three of us for our input of something so we had no choice but to leave mother and Colonel Fitzwilliam alone. You can fill in the blanks on what happened while we were away." Chuckling, Michael gave Mary a smile. "I think I can imagine what happened. Where is Lydia, Kitty, and Emily?" he asked when he did not see them in the parlor. "They are upstairs remaking some old bonnets. None of us wanted to join them so we decided to come down here instead." Glancing at the old grandfather's clock, she asked, "When do you leave?" Turning his full attention to her, Michael gently lifted her left hand, and placed a quick kiss to the back. Watching the color rise to her cheeks, he wished he could kiss those lips smiling up at him sweetly. "We plan on being on the rode in an hour. Is there somewhere we can talk privately? I have something I would like to give you. Mary knew they should not break the bounds of propriety, but when he looked at her with those eyes begging her to agree, she found herself agreeing. "Yes, but we cannot stay long." Standing to his feet, Michael held out his hand for her to take. Helping her to her feet, he shot a quick glance at Elizabeth when he noticed she was watching them. Once he saw her slight nod of her head, he knew they were safe to leave the parlor alone. Leading Mary to the little bookroom where he had asked her to marry him, he led her in. shutting the door behind them; he pulled Mary into his arms. Leaning his forehead against hers, he breathed in her scent. "I know we should not be doing this my darling, but I need to hold you for a few moments." Impulsively Mary wrapped her arms around his waist and burrowed her head into his shirt. Her mind was screaming at her to let go and open the door, but her heart had other plans. She smiled against his chest, when she felt his lips brush the top of her forehead. Pulling back slightly, she gasped when his lips captured hers in a desperate kiss. Michael pulled her closer when he felt her lips move hesitantly under his; once he felt her relax, moved his lips slightly until he felt her match in rhythm with his. He knew he was jeopardizing a lot kissing her like this, but he needed something to keep with him while he was over their fighting a battle. Pulling away slowly, he released her lips, and heard her whimper quietly. Chuckling quietly at her reaction, he watched her eyelids flutter open. Her blue eyes gazed up at him, filled with so much emotion for him. "I know I should not have done that Mary, but I could not resist myself." A small smile tugged at her lips as she listened to his apology. Putting a finger to his lips, she said, "There is no need to apologize Michael. I must confess that a little part of me was hoping you would do that." She blushed slightly at the last part and he grinned at her. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out the box that held her engagement ring. Opening it, he took the ring out, before putting the box back in his pocket. Grasping Mary's left hand, he slid the little gold band onto her ring finger. Lifting her hand, he placed a quick kiss to her knuckles, before lifting his face and gently grazing his lips across her cheek. "I love you Mary Bennet," he whispered huskily. Mary lifted her eyes to his and smiled, "I love you Michael Lucas," she said with a laugh as she reached up and kissed his cheek. His beard tickled her cheek, making her laugh harder. "I will miss you while you are away," she said after a few moments of silence. She let out a little squeak as Michael pulled her quickly into his arms. Burrowing her head deeper into his chest, she breathed in his scent, and sighed. "I promise I will write you when I have the chance. It will take longer for mail to get across the ocean, but please do not worry if it is a few weeks before you receive a letter. Darcy promised me that he would keep an eye on you and your sisters while we are overseas. I will miss you too Mary," he whispered as he brushed a kiss to the top of her head. Pulling back slightly to look into her eyes, he kissed her one last time. "We should get back to the others. Colonel Fitzwilliam and I need to be leaving in a few minutes." "Of course," Mary said as he led her back to the parlor where the others were getting ready to say goodbye to Colonel Fitzwilliam. Grabbing Mary's clock, he settled it around her shoulders. His hands gently brushed hers as she tied the strings. Following the party outside, Michael grabbed Junipers reins and led the horse over to them. They did not have much to say goodbyes since they had to be on their way. Hugging each of the Bennet sisters' goodbyes, Michael and Colonel Fitzwilliam promised they would write when they got settled. Watching Colonel Fitzwilliam kiss Jane quickly, he laughed when her sisters all giggled. Richard had always been a man of action, but he was glad he had said goodbye to Mary in private. Buttoning his coat higher, he realized that he had forgotten to give Mary his other present. Grabbing the little box out of his pocket, Michael walked over to her and quickly pressed the box into her hands. Turning him quickly mounted Juniper and turned the horse down the lane. Nodding his head to Richard that they had to get going, his commanding officer quickly nodded back. Glancing over his shoulder, he gave Mary a brief smile, before turning his attention back to the road in front of him. Clucking to Juniper to get him to move forward, Michael and Colonel Fitzwilliam set out for their next battle together. Mary huddled near Jane and Elizabeth as they watched the two men ride down the lane. Turning the box over in her hand, she glanced down at it. Carefully opening the box, Mary gasped as she gazed at a beautiful locket. Pulling it out, she opened the locket, and found herself staring in to the face of her intended. Lifting her gaze again, she felt tears run down her cheeks as they rode out of sight. 0000000 "Charles is you mad!" the red head screeched at her brother as she watched him pack his trunk. She stomped her foot as he kept throwing clothes haphazardly in the trunk without bothering to fold them and see what he was throwing in there. "There is nothing for you there. I am sure that Darcy will be back in a few weeks," she said folding her hands over her chest. Looking up from his trunk, Bingley sighed. "I am leaving London and traveling back to Netherfield. I need to make things right with Jane Bennet. I know I love her and I want to make her my wife," he said with a huge grin. Caroline looked at her brother for a few minutes before throwing her hands up in the air and walking out of his chamber. She knew there was no sense in trying to talk her brother out of this, but she also knew that he would probably make a fool of himself. It had been months since they had moved back to London and Jane Bennet probably already had someone knew.
Chapter 18 Fitzwilliam Darcy was never a man to be caught running through an estate, but that is how he found himself a week after Colonel Fitzwilliam and Michael Lucas had quit Netherfield to battle overseas. The butler has found him in the study and had announced that Bingley's carriage was spotted down the drive. What could Bingley mean by showing up unexpectedly he wondered. Yes granted it was his estate still, but he had stated before they had quit the estate that he was never coming back. He would let Darcy stay there as long as he wanted, but he was not coming back for any reason. Slowing his pace as he got closer to the front door, Darcy did not want any of the staff to see him running through the estate. Glancing at the butler, he saw the older gentleman tip his head ever so slightly, giving him the signal that the carriage was almost there. Slipping in to his greatcoat and hat, he slipped out the door, and waited on the top step. Putting his hands behind his back, his thoughts drifted to Elizabeth Bennet. He planned on asking her to be his wife the next time he found himself visiting Loughborn. He knew that she was trying to keep Mary and Jane busy so they did not think of their intendeds fighting in America. Elizabeth made him a better man; he found himself laughing more and smiling at times for no reason. She brought the light back in to his life after losing both of his parents and dealing with what Georgianna went through last summer. Carriage wheels sounding on the gravel brought him back to the present. Steeling himself against the onslaught of having to deal with the Bingley sisters again, he was pleasantly surprised when just Bingley jumped out of the carriage. "Darcy!" Bingley exclaimed as he jumped out of the carriage before it had even come to a complete stop. Making his way up the walk, he gripped his old friend's hand, not giving it much thought when Darcy's handshake was not as firm as it usually was. Smiling a somewhat strained smile, Darcy asked, "What brings you all the way back to Hertfordshire?" "I will tell you old friend once we make our way to the drawing room. It is frightfully cold out here," he said rubbing his hands up and down his arms. Gesturing for Bingley to follow him, Darcy led them to the drawing room, and rang for tea. He knew that it was still Bingley's house, but this estate was starting to feel like his second home. Taking a seat across from his old friend, he waited for him to say why he was here suddenly. Taking a long sip of his tea, Bingley wondered how he was going to explain why he showed up with no warning. "I should have sent an express saying I was coming back, but this was a spur of the moment decision. I might as well come out and say it. I would like to try things over with Jane Bennet," he said quickly not daring to look Darcy in the eyes. Cursing under his breath, Darcy wished Richard was here right now. "Bingley there is something I need to tell you." "No, Darcy. I did not listen to you the first time about Jane and I am not going to listen now." "Bingley this is important," he stressed, but his friend was already making his way to the front door. "Where are you going?" he demanded. Glancing over his shoulder, Bingley smiled, "I am going to Loughborn to pay them a visit. 00000000000 Mary pulled the blanket tighter around her shoulders, trying to ward off the chill that was in the room. Glancing out the window she saw that the wind had picked up and it was looking like it might start snowing before nightfall. Picking up her book again, she tried to concentrate on the words floating in front of her, but every letter just jumbled together. Her locket hit the edge of the book and she closed her eyes. She loved that Michael had given her the locket to remember him by while he was gone, but every time she saw it she missed him more. Rubbing her thumb over the locket, a smile came to her lips. "What are you doing in here alone, Mary?" Jane asked from the doorway. Walking further in to the room, she took a seat next to her younger sister. "I was trying to read, but I can not seem to concentrate on anything. How are you handling Colonel Fitzwilliam being away?" Mary asked as she took the edge of the blanket and wrapped it around her older sister. Snuggling closer to her sister, Jane sighed. "They have not been away for very long and I already miss just talking to him. He knows how to get me to open up and start talking about myself when mama usually just does all of the talking," she giggled quietly as the bedchamber door opened and their sister Elizabeth skipped in to the room. "Why was I not invited to the party?" she asked. Grabbing another blanket from the bed, Elizabeth sat on the other side of Mary and scooted closer to her sisters. "I am sorry Elizabeth, but I saw that Mama had you cornered in the drawing room, and I did not want to interrupt," Jane said with a slight smile. It was her sisters turn to have their mother talk her ear off about Mr. Darcy. At every opportunity their Mama had wanted to find out more about Colonel Fitzwilliam and his family. Since his father was an Earl, Mama now put her eldest daughter up on a pedestal. Sighing, Elizabeth laid her head on Mary's shoulder, and pulled the blanket up on her shoulder. "Mama wanted to know how much Mr. Darcy was worth again for the tenth time this week and that I had to snatch him up quick before some other young woman got her hands on him. After you and Mary got engaged, Mama has not left me alone," she said with a groan. Laughing, Mary glanced out the window. A light snow had started to fall and she wondered if their ice skates still fit. They use to spend so much time during the cold winter months out on the pond, laughing and swirling as fast as they could go. Glancing at her sisters, she asked, "Do we still have our ice skates?" Jane and Elizabeth exchanged smiles before turning their attention back to Mary. "I think Papa put them somewhere in his library. Shall we go find out?" Elizabeth asked as she jumped off the window seat. Following her sisters down the stairs to their father's study, Mary thought she heard someone pounding on the door, but continued to follow her sisters. Mr. Bennet raised his head, startled when three of his daughters suddenly busted through his door. Raising his eye brows at them as they tried to catch their breath, he wondered why they were in such a hurry. "Is something the matter?" he asked once they had composed themselves. "We are looking for our ice skates, Papa. I seem to remember that you had stored them in here away from Kitty and Lydia when they kept trying to borrow them last year," Jane said as she started looking through a few of the boxes piled in the corner. "Ice skating? Who's idea was that?" "Mine Papa," Mary replied over her shoulder as she was helping Elizabeth move a pile of blankets. "I was watching the snow falling and thought it a good idea to get out of the house and get some exercise." Pushing himself out of his chair, Mr. Bennet pondered where he had hidden them. "I believe they are in the bottom box over in that corner. They were one of the first things I packed away last spring when the snow melted." Making his way over to the stack of boxes, he lifted the top one off and started rummaging through the bottom one. Locating the missing skates, he raised them with and said, "Found them." Rushing over to their father, they each grabbed their size and quickly tried them on to see if they still fit. They each stated that her pair of skates still fit perfectly, so Jane decided to lead her sisters to go and get their wraps. Opening the study door, she squeaked when she found herself staring in to the eyes of Charles Bingley. Not paying attention as to the reason that Jane had stopped, Mary and Elizabeth bumped in to their sister with an "Ah." "What is the matter Jane?" Elizabeth asked as she looked up and found Mr. Bingley standing there. "Oh, Mr. Bingley, this is a surprise." Shuffling his feet, Bingley was not sure what to do as he had expected to only find Mr. Bennet in his study and not all three of his eldest daughters. Glancing at Jane out of the corner of his eye, he said, "I came here to see Miss Bennet. Do I have your permission to have a private audience with her?" he asked, glancing towards Mr. Bennet. Too surprised to speak, Mr. Bennet nodded his head, and quietly led Elizabeth and Mary out of the study. As the door closed, Jane heard the soft voice of his father saying that he would like to join them out by the pond if they still wished to go. Pressing her back against the closed door, she took a deep breath and tried to calm her racing heart. What could Mr. Bingley be doing back at Loughborn when he told Mr. Darcy that he was never to return? And why would he wish to speak to her when they had never departed as more than just friends? Looking at the gentleman, she found him pacing in front of the fireplace, his hands folded behind his back. "Why are you here Mr. Bingley?" Swiveling to face the woman who he thought held his heart and could be the one, he stuttered, "Surely you know why I am here, Miss Bennet? I know I left rather sudden, but I have come back now to start anew. I should never have listened to my sisters when they convinced me to leave." Coming to stand in front of his angel, Bingley grabbed Jane's hands, and took a step closer to her. "You are an angel, Jane and I never should have left you. I have never met a more beautiful creature in my life and I know that I will be the envy of every ball room when I have you on my arm. Your hair is so golden, your eyes are the color of the clearest lake, and I have wanted to taste your plump red lips since the day we met," he whispered huskily as he leaned in closer. He heard a soft gasp and took that as his cue that he could kiss the beautiful angel in front of his, but was dazed when he found himself sitting on the study floor staring up in to hatred and disgusted blue eyes. Jane could feel the anger boiling to the surface as she stared down at the man she once thought handsome and amiable. Most people knew her to be serene and always seeing the good in everyone, but sometimes she got angry when someone pushed her too far. "You sir are no gentleman! Mr. Darcy had told us about how you always fell in love with a new young woman every season or even every few months, but I thought at the beginning that he was wrong. Now I can see that he was not wrong. I never gave you any indication that I favored your attentions while you were staying at Netherfield, so I would like to know why you thought I do. I may be beautiful by society's standards Mr. Bingley, but there is a more about me that you do not know." Taking a deep breath, she tried to calm down, before she started talking again. Watching as he pulled himself up off the floor, Jane walked over to him, and without realizing what she was doing, she took her hand and slapped him across the face. "I would never marry a man who only cared about how beautiful I was and if he was going to make his friends jealous. I also would never let a man kiss me unless he was my betrothed. Please get out of my father's house," she replied and went over to open the door. As Mr. Bingley started walking out the door, holding his stinging cheek, she stood a little taller and happily whispered, "Oh and Mr. Bingley, this time next year you will be seeing me around London known as Mrs. Colonel Fitzwilliam." Turning stunned eyes at her announcement, he blindly raced out of the house.
Chapter 19 Winter soon faded away quickly for the residents of Loughborn and with it came the promise of new life that spring. Pulling her bonnet further down to try and keep the sun from burning her face, Mary walked quietly to her little hidden spot in the meadow. Running her fingertips along the newly blossomed flowers, she breathed in the fresh air. It had been a long winter for her and Jane, wondering each day how Colonel Fitzwilliam and Michael were faring overseas. They each had reserved one letter a few weeks after they had left, stating that they had arrived safely and that they loved them. She knew that it would be hard for them to write back and forth since it took so long for letters to travel across the ocean. Finding a quiet spot under a tree, she opened her book, but the words just blurred together in front of her. Ever since Michael had left, she found that it took longer to finish a book, as her thoughts were always straying to her intended. Elizabeth had tried to cheer Mary and Jane up when she noticed they were down, but most days it had not worked. They had spent the winter ice skating, knitting blankets for the tenants of Loughborn, and learning how to handle the household accounts. She loved what her sister was trying to do for them, but Elizabeth had Mr. Darcy nearby, while their intendeds were fighting overseas. Setting the book down beside her, she wondered what married life would be like married to a soldier. She knew that they could possibly be stationed anywhere in the country but she hoped it was only a few days travel from Loughborn. Wages were limited with the job, but she did not need an excess amount of money. Just enough to live comfortable and she would be happy. Would Michael consider a different occupation, she wondered. Mary remembered from childhood how he had always said how much he loved horses and perhaps one day he would own a breeding stable and sell mounts to the military. He always said that they needed more quality bred mounts. She knew that that was his dream and she hoped one day he would be able to full fill it and be happy. Leaning her head against the tree, she closed her eyes and sighed. Even though Michael was far away overseas, Mama was pushing her to get her wedding dress made. Mary had tried to reason with her mother that it might be months before he returned home but her mama still persisted. They had spent the last few days planning a trip to London to visit her Aunt and Uncle Gardiner. Mama had somehow convinced Papa to take them all to London for a week at the end of May. Her mama may be excited to be traveling to London for a few days, but Mary was only excited to visit some bookstores. The bookstore in Meryton did not have all of the newest books and she wanted a few new ones to pass the time till Michael came home. Opening her eyes, she pushed herself away from the tree and got to her feet. Picking up her discarded book, Mary decided that she had spent enough time in her favorite meadow and her Mama would be searching the house for her to go over wedding lists. Walking back to the house, she decided to focus on trying to keep her Mama from trying to run her wedding, maybe it would help her keep her thoughts off Michael for a few hours. Opening the front door, she was surprised when she saw Lydia running down the stairs, soon followed by Kitty. "Lydia, give me back my pin money! I know you took it," Kitty shouted as she raced after Lydia. Laughing over her shoulder, Lydia headed in the direction of the drawing room. Mary watched Kitty's face and noticed that her sister was set on getting her pin money back no matter what it took. Shaking her head, she decided to see if she could find Jane. Peeking her head in to the parlor, she found her Mama and Papa. Quickly retreating, Mary hoped they had not seen her. Heading in the direction of the kitchen, she soon found Jane and Elizabeth bent over the work table, labeling the perfume they had just finished making. Clearing her throat, she smiled when Jane lifted her head and motioned her over. Glancing at the labels, she noticed that they had made rose, lavender, and rosemary scented perfume. "How did they turn out?" she asked picking up a bottle of the lavender and inhaling the scent. The sweet aroma brought her back to when Michael picked her the vase of wildflowers after he had returned home. Putting the last label on the bottle she was holding, Elizabeth gave a bright smile, "The lavender is for you Mary, while the rosemary is for me, and the rose scented perfume is for Jane. Mr. Darcy says the rosemary scent reminds him of the rose garden at Pemberley. He has invited me to tour the estate next month, too see how I like my future home," Elizabeth blushed as Jane and Mary threw their arms around her. Hugging her sisters tightly, Mary was happy for her older sister. She had seen how much Mr. Darcy loved her sister and how much her sister loved him in return. They were perfectly suited for each other. "I am so happy for you, Lizzy and I am sure you are going to love Pemberley. Does the rest of the family know about your understanding with Mr. Darcy?" Handing the perfume bottle to Mary, Elizabeth shook her head, "We plan on telling everyone at dinner tonight. I wanted my two favorite sisters to be the first to know." Picking up her own bottle, she made her way out of the kitchen, heading in the direction of her room. Uncorking the perfume bottle, Mary inhaled the perfume scent one last time as her thoughts drifted to Michael. Snatching up her book, she made her way to the drawing room, hoping no one else would disturb her. 00000000000000000 Setting the maps in front of him, Colonel Fitzwilliam tried to study the crudely drawn maps of the land that lay before him. They had been fighting over in the Americas for almost four months now; the coldness of winter had soon turned into a warm spring. He had met with the other commanding officers and they had been working on a strategy for his men. Even after being over here for a few months this terrain was still foreign to them. They met with unexpected obstacles ever day it seemed. "You cannot make the paper disappear just by glaring at it." Glancing over his shoulder, he chuckled when he saw Michael standing in the doorframe. He was leaning against the doorframe, arms crossed and a smile on his face. the sun had turned his skin dark brown and he could see that some of his hair was also starting to turn. "Your woman back home will not recognize you if you keep spending so much time in the sun." "I would like to see what Jane thinks of you when she sees you. We both have changed in the few short months we have been here. What are you working on?" Turning back to the map in front of him, he frowned, "I have been studying this map for hours, but I think I know the best way for us to take them by surprise. Come and take a look at this." Motioning to the map, he waited for his comrade to make his way over. Leaning over the map, Colonel Fitzwilliam showed Michael the route he thought would be best. Discussing it back and forth for a few minutes, they both came to an agreement. Straitening back to his full height, Michael glanced back out the door of the little cabin. "The boys wanted me to come and see if you wanted to play cards tonight. Some of them are getting homesick." Nodding his head, Richard did not miss the wistful look that flashed across Michael's face when he mentioned the boys were getting homesick. He would be glad when he could finally see his Jane again. Clapping a hand on the young man's shoulder, he steered him outside. "We will be home soon and then you can see your lady love."
