Mr. Darcy My Saviour Prologue Darcy's face flashed pain as he processed what Lizzie had just announced to him. He looked at her as if she had become the most fragile thing he has ever beheld; however, he is the one who seemed to be the most fragile at the news. He turned his face to the garden table. Lizzie saw one silver stream fall from the corner of his deep brown eye. She knew instantly that this was a mistake. That she had caused the usually proud gentleman, which Mr.. Darcy was, to break his facade and lose his countenance and cry for her. Lizzie has never had a gentleman cry over her. It made her heart flutter to know that he was crying over her situation. It stirred emotions up in Lizzie that caused her to doubt what she had originally thought she stood for. Lizzie stood against Pride, arrogance, masks and ill opinions. All these she had originally thought were traits of the great Mr. Darcy. Now she sees he hid his true nature from people because he wanted to protect his heart from being branded by society. Her heart warmed to him and Lizzie finally came to a conclusion of what she has felt for Darcy all along… Lizzie realized that she was indeed in love with Mr. Darcy and he in turn was in love her…. Chapter 1 It was early 1800; the Bennet family were attending Merton Ball which Mrs. Bennet had heard that Mr. Bingley, who receives five thousand a year, will be joining their little get together. Mrs. Bennet was also under the impression that he was bringing a large assembly with him and that there were plenty of young male bachelors searching for a wife within his circle of friends. Himself included. There was one other male that Mrs. Bennet had caught wind off and that was Mr. Darcy, a proud man apparently, who receives ten thousand a year. They had said that he was dashing and Debonair, but rather rude, contradicting mixes really; certainly not safe combinations. One would presume. Mrs. Bennet was trying to marry her girls off and in the process get a large sum of money. Elizabeth Bennet found it rather funny really and so did her father, Mr. Bennet. Anything Mrs. Bennet did was humorous to them though. Mr. Bennet was a gentleman and he was wise. Lizzie, their second daughter, was his favorite then it was Jane, their elder daughter. Jane and Lizzie were extremely close and never separated much, which many think was a good thing (including themselves). However, Jane was so innocent, that it was difficult for Lizzie to tell her things. For example: whenever Lizzie had mentioned a gentleman, that they both favor, Jane blushed and reverted the conversation to something else. It was then difficult to get back to the topic that Lizzie desperately wanted to talk about. It was 8 o'clock and Elizabeth was standing in front of her vanity mirror, staring at her reflection. Tulip had done a marvelous job on the unruly curls that adorned her head. Intertwining red rose buds into them and pinning them against Lizzie's cranium. She had dressed Lizzie's physique in a red Chiffon dress with lace accents and red ribbon. Tulip had added her mistresses red satin slippers to accompany the outfit and had also made sure that her mistress's face had a soft rosy tint to her cheek and lips. Lizzie thought that Tulip had made her appearance give the allusion of being beautiful. Not that Lizzie was ugly, or so she had been told, just that the lady's maid had made Lizzie's countenance appear angelic. Tulip could not help but compare her mistress to a garden nymph; an icon of untold beauty. Slipping out of her relatively small chamber, Lizzie made her way to Jane's chamber next door. As Lizzie waltzed in, she saw Jane sitting at her vanity helping Amelia to place the pearls into her soft blonde hair. Jane was wearing a pink dusk colour organza lace dress with beads just underneath her chest. Her long wavy hair was piled onto her head and she had pearls threaded through her curls. She looked beautiful, picturesque even, Lizzie was flabbergasted. Jane always was beautiful but with a light flush adorning her cheeks and her physique, outlined by her dress, was something that would make an angel feel jealous. Jane bent down to put on her pink satin slippers. Jane had not registered Elizabeth's presence yet so she cleared her throat. Jane jumped a foot into the air and then turned to look at her sister and giggled. "Lizzie! You scared me half to death. Do not sneak up on me…" Her voice trailed off. She glimpsed at what Lizzie was dressed in and her words stopped and her mouth hung loose. Suddenly, she floated over to the angel in her threshold and wrapped the small frame into her tight embrace. "Lizzie, you are exceptional tonight. A true beauty." She pulled away and grinned at her younger sister. "Thank you Jane, dear, as do you, as always." Lizzie winked at her and Jane blushed. "Are you nervous for tonight?" Jane nodded and walked to her bed, she gently sat on the end of it. "I truly am, Lizzie. I want to make an impression and I certainly would hate to ruin things. However, I wish that I had time to prepare. How about you, Lizzie? Are you nervous?" Lizzie laughed, which then made Jane laugh. Lizzie floated to her sister's side and sat next to her. "Of course I am. I am not ready to get married and I know that it will take a lot to convince me otherwise." Lizzie kissed her sister's head and we rose to our feet. "If we are going to enjoy this evening, we must be early." Jane laughed at her younger sister's antics and they both spun through Jane's door. As they swiftly moved across the landing, they could hear their younger sisters, Lydia and Kitty, giggling. Jane and Elizabeth started laughing at their youngster sisters' silliness and made their way down the stairs where Mrs. Bennet was fussing on the ground floor. Mrs. Bennet was running about with her royal purple dress billowing behind her. Her steps faltered and she came to a stop at the bottom of the stairs and she gasped. Jane and Lizzie gasped as well; Mrs. Bennet looked beautiful. She was wearing a pleated Chiffon dress in royal purple; her best dress that she saves for special occasions. Her hair has been twisted on to the top of her head and had purple flowers in her hair. "Jane, Lizzie, You look divine, beautiful even." Jane and her younger sister whispered a laugh at their mother's bleakness. Mrs. Bennet never was one for confidence building compliments, if any compliments. "Thank you Mama. You look beautiful tonight too." Lizzie complimented her mother. Mama blushed and hurried off, her voice carrying orders down the hall. Mr. Bennet emerged from his study and asked "Is she gone?" Jane nodded. Lizzie thought that her papa looked dashing in his tail coat, purple waistcoat, cravat and pantaloons as well as his shoes. Papa smiled when his eyes studied what his two eldest were wearing. "You look beautiful, stunningly so. Jane you look radiant, Lizzie you look outstanding; my two beautiful yet silly girls." He walked out of his study doorway and brought the door to a close. Jane and Lizzie broke into bright smiles that lit up their faces and kissed Mr. Bennet's cheek "You look very dashing too, Papa." Jane replied and he hugged both of his girls around their waists and kissed their heads. Lydia and Kitty made their way downstairs with the third eldest, Mary, hot on their heels. Lydia was dressed in a flattering pastel blue satin dress with bluebells intertwined into her hair and her light blue slippers on too. Kitty was wearing a pastel green chiffon and lace dress with silver flower hair pins intertwined in her hair and she had her green slippers on too. They both looked exceptional and their eyes were full of joy. "My dear girls… I hope you are going to behave yourselves this evening. We do not want any scandal." Papa laughed, mimicking his wife. The family, except Mrs. Bennet, who was still giving orders down the hall, all laugh; he does re-create her voice very well. "Oh no! We wouldn't want that. Especially with TEN THOUSAND A YEAR" Lydia raised her voice as she also mimicked Mrs. Bennet "being so close to our grasp. No, we definitely wouldn't want that." Lydia did her mother's impersonation very convincingly. There was a sudden throat clearing at the steps and they all turned to Mary. Mary was wearing a light brown ruffled chiffon dress with sequin lace and she was sporting a new hairstyle that included a silver and pearl hair piece. She also had her brown slippers on. She looked gorgeous, but uncomfortable. She certainly did not like her dress which was chosen by Mama. "Where is Mama?" Mary asked Jane, Papa and Lizzie. Papa shook his head and Mary's older sisters shrugged their shoulders as Mama started down the hallway. The two women quickly pretended that nothing had happened; that neither of them had shrugged because their mother always says… "Jane, Lizzie, Shrugging is not polite, especially for the ladies of our world." Jane and Lizzie looked at each other and Lizzie rolled her eyes; which made Jane laugh. Mrs. Bennet turned to Mary, ignoring her older daughters, and asked "You asked for me, Mary? What do you need? And I must say that you look beautiful tonight darling child." Mary frowned at Mrs. Bennet and opened her lips to answer but closed them again. "You all look beautiful my little secrets; especially you, Francis my dear." Mr. Bennet said to his large family. Francis's face blushed and she caught Mr. Bennet in a surprise hug. He struggled to find his footing, when His wife's body collided with his. But he managed to regain his balance and he hugs her back, awkwardly. Mr. Bennet is un-used to public affection so this is a great shock to him as it is for the rest of his family. When Francis finally let her husband go and shimmied back, Mr. Bennet cleared his throat "If we are to make it to the Meryton town hall in time, we best begin our journey now." Mr. Bennet went to the door and pulled his coat off of the coat rack and pulled out his walking stick from the pot he stores it in. Mrs. Bennet grabbed her shawl from the cupboard and their daughters retrieved theirs after Mrs. Bennet cleared the way. within the following ten minutes the Bennet's were off. Elizabeth was nervous and she was desperately praying that tonight would go as planned for her Mother and Father. I suppose it should be said for us too, however, I wish to marry for love not fortune. To her, Mr. Darcy sounded like the type of man that would be difficult to fall in love with. When they reached the hall the family could not believe their eyes, the great hall seemed to be like a dream. The hall was dressed in flower garlands and ribbons as well as being lit up with candles with scents of the most peculiar kind. Scented candles are somewhat of a delicacy around England and only the rich can afford to purchase them. However, with the sum of money scraped together within the whole of Hertfordshire, they were able to afford the luxuries and many more wonderful decorations. It would show Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy that the Hertfordshire girls were acceptable young ladies with livelihoods. Jane and Lizzie were whispering away when Charlotte joined their little gossip. Well, it was mainly Lizzie that was gossiping and Jane was just listening. Elizabeth was commenting on how, nearly all the women were dragging their corsets down to expose their cleavage. "I find it quite embarrassing and it does not help that their mothers are helping them make fools of themselves. I believe that true gentlemen would not be persuaded by such vulgar pursuits, but would be persuaded by the lady's personality and character." she whispered to Jane and Charlotte. "Lizzie, it is very wrong of you to say such things. I am sure they have perfectly good reasons to perform such actions." Jane chided Lizzie. However, both Jane and Charlotte were just barely keeping their countenances. That, of course, caught the attention of Mrs. Bennet. "Girls, what are you whispering about over there? If I did not know you, I would think you were up to something." She gave them the eye, however, lost interest when Lady Lucas came over and started speaking to her. "Jane? Do you think that Eliza will catch the eye of one of the men attending tonight? You and Lizzie is by far the most beautiful in all of Hertfordshire." Charlotte whispered. Elizabeth looked at her and glared. She looked at Elizabeth and shrugged, a smug smile adorning her face. "I do believe she will, Charlotte, however, these other girls have as much a chance as Lizzie and I, yourself included, Charlotte. As for us being the most beautiful, I believe Miss Crystal Devonshire is truly beautiful, more than I." Jane protested. "Me too!" Lizzie argued. Charlotte began to protest, but as she did the music for the first dance began. A gentleman walked up to Jane. "Good evening, Miss Bennet. May I have this dance?" Jane nodded her consent and he whisked her off. The man was an elegant dancer and truly was handsome and he was also very well-mannered. He had been known to the Bennet family for years. His name was Gregory Mason; he was seven and ten years of age. He was much too young for Jane, but his intellect made him appear much more older than his age claimed him to be. "Good evening, Miss Elizabeth. Will you grace me with a dance, Madame?" Lizzie turned to see the man who asked her to dance; it was her papa. Elizabeth laughed and took Mr. Bennet's outstretched hand. "Of course, sir." She walked with him to where Jane and her partner were dancing along with Lydia, Kitty and the red-coated gentlemen who had just enrolled in the war. Lizzie believed them to be Colonel Forrester and Sargent Smith. They appeared to be very nice gentlemen. "You know that Herald boy?" Mr. Bennet asked his daughter, she nodded her head. "He was making googly eyes at you and was about to ask you to dance, I presume. I took it as a liberty to whisk you away for safety. What kind of father would I be if I allowed my little angel to dance with him?" Elizabeth laughed and the dance made them turn in a circle with their right hands touching. "You should have seen his face as I brought you to the dance floor. A look of pure horror. I nearly laughed myself to death. I also wanted to retreat somewhere away from your mother's incessant nagging." The pair turned again as their laughter filled the assembly room. "Papa, you are too harsh, why do you hate him so?" Her eyes tried to read her father's face as they broke apart and danced with another partner. After a few steps, father and daughter were reunited and were dancing with each other again. "I do not hate him, Lizzie. It's just your mother asked me to keep you away from that boy. Truth be told… I like him. He is a very nice man, however, your mother will not allow you to dance with him because he is a shop boy and he has no income." He shook his head and rolled his eyes. Lizzie laughed at his statement and the song ended. Mr. Bennet took his favorite daughter to the side and left her to go and talk to Sir Lucas, and to dull his talkative wife's excitement. Elizabeth watched the dance floor and saw out of the corner of her eye that Gregory Heralds started coming her way. Her nerves started reacting, wondering, what he was after; he is known to be a rather affectionate young man on the opposite sex. "Miss Elizabeth" Mr. Heralds bowed, grabbed her hand and kissed it. How improper! I am affronted. She pulled her hand away from his grasp and felt anger flash white hot through her body. "How dare you, sir. That is extremely improper and I would care for you to stop these improper advances. If you will excuse me, Mr. Heralds." Lizzie curtseyed and walked away. Lizzie searched the hall for her Papa. She was extremely scared of this man. He had proven himself to be quite violent and harsh to women who have no interest in him. She finally saw her papa coming in her direction with an angry expression on his face. Lizzie smiled at him slightly and felt her anger begin to subside. Her father always calmed her temper down. He was very dear to Lizzie. "How dare he? I am positively fuming, Lizzie. The gall of that man is unbelievable. I should have heeded your mother's wishes more ardently." Mr. Bennet spat through clenched teeth as he stepped up to his daughter's side. He saw she was frightened and wanted to comfort her, however, society would not allow it. That was why Elizabeth loved her father. Though he would rather keep to his books and library, when his family members are affronted he stepped up and protected them. That was one of the most admirable qualities in Mr. Bennet. Most men just laughed things off, or are not bothered by the advances and do nothing about it until it was too late. Mr. Bennet had once done exactly that and it had had disastrous re-percussions. From then on he never messed up again and took things more seriously. Lizzie was about reply to her father when the doors of the hall swung open and the music halted. Her attention turned to the door to see such a beautiful man standing in the door opening with a group of four others. This must be Bingley and his friends. But where are the other gentlemen? Not that Lizzie paid attention to of the lack of group members until ten minutes after they had entered. She seemed to have eyes only for the dark, handsome, figure that stood with his back straight and his face full of disgust. A/N: Hi guys, Sorry for the re-upload of every one of my chapters. 1-5 has been updated and changed as much as possible. The rest are the same and are waiting to be looked at. I want to give a Personal thanks to LillyDraco for her help in Beta reading my story. You have been a great help. Lots of love to all you guys and thanks for staying faithful to my story.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: she had eyes only for the dark, handsome, figure that stood with his back straight and his face full of disgust. "Who is he, Papa?" Elizabeth asked as she pointed the gentleman out. The fact that his face was full of disgust told Elizabeth that this man was Mr. Darcy. She instantly felt anger towards the unknown gentleman. Who does he think he is? Just because the people of Merton are below his station did not mean that they were beneath his notice and deserved ridicule. Men like that sickened Elizabeth. These are the main morals that she is completely against: Pride, arrogance, masks and ill opinions; which seems to be the dominant features of this man's façade. "I believe that is Mr. Darcy, Lizzie." Father whispered to her. She turned to her left, to look at her father and saw that he was smirking at her. "Handsome, is he not?" Mr. Bennet laughed at Elizabeth. "My dearest father, you seemed most taken with him by your choice of words. Would you marry the gentleman?" She teased. Her father's smirk grew. The twinkle in his eyes showed that he was not in the least bit offended by her tease and for that she was grateful. "Lizzie, that is entirely inappropriate." His smirk grew into a full blown grin of triumph and Elizabeth could not hold back her laughter. Before Lizzie had the chance to answer, their family swamped them and they were forced to greet the group that had just entered the people of Meryton's humble assembly. Lizzie had not noticed that the music had started again until she saw the dancers take the floor. "Mr. Bennet, it is a pleasure to see you again. Are you well, sir?" a man asked cheerfully to Mr. Bennet and they bowed. The man was handsome, tall, ginger-haired; blue-eyed, and had an extremely happy countenance. Lizzie was unable to keep her poker face when the man smiled so much. It made her dearly want to smile and so she did. When did Papa meet this man? Lizzie asked herself. "Mr. Bingley, it is a pleasure to see you again as well. I am very well, I thank you, sir. I also see that you are in high spirits today sir. Mr. Darcy" Papa bowed and Mr. Darcy gave a stiff nod. "You look good too. May I introduce you to my family?" Elizabeth noticed that Mr. Bingley was unable to keep his eyes off of Jane. It was noticed by her sisters as well. It caused the four younger sisters to giggle softly, which then caused Jane to blush. She likes him too. Lizzie smiled. "Of course, sir. Then I hope you will, in return, allow me to introduce my friends." Mr. Bingley smiled at Mr. Bennet and then stared at Jane again, his face brightening considerably. This man had impeccable manners. Mrs. Bennett liked him; Very much indeed. Not so much, Mr. Darcy! His manners are awful. No matter how rich he is, he has no reason to behave in such a manner. Despicable. Mrs. Bennett thought. "Very well, sir. This is my wife, Mrs. Francis Bennet." Mr. Bennet pointed to Mrs. Bennet, who curtsied and Mr. Bingley bowed in return. "Then this is my eldest, Miss Jane Bennet." He then pointed to Jane who blushed and curtsied. "It is very nice to meet you, Miss Bennet." Mr. Bingley bowed to her and smiled. He likes Jane. Although it is impossible not to! Jane is an absolute beauty. Mrs. Bennett gushed. "You too, sir" Jane blushed. Lizzie was pleased with this exchange; it seems that Mr. Bingley admired Jane. Lizzie smiled at that thought and caught Mr. Darcy, looking at her through the corner of her eye. Lizzie's smile stretched even more and she saw that he realized he had been caught staring. His cheeks coloured slightly and he ducked his head to hide his blush. "This is my second eldest, Miss Elizabeth Bennet." Lizzie smiled at the group. Whilst keeping her back straight, to show no intimidation, she curtsied. Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy bowed. "It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Bingley. I hope your stay here is most comfortable. That is the same for your company." Lizzie bowed her head. "It is a pleasure to meet you too, Miss Bennet. I thank you for your warm regards." Mr. Bingley smiled and bowed his head as well. Mr. Darcy is still staring. Lizzie thought. I think I will tease him slightly. Elizabeth turned her full attention on him and made her gaze intense and her smile to be a seductive one. She bowed her head and curtsied. When her eyes once again rested upon him she could see that her gaze had done its effect and made him avert his gaze, whilst again blushing. However, when he looked back up, his eyes flashed anger and his nostrils flared slightly. Oops. Lizzie smirked and turned her gaze away. He will be an interesting conversationalist. Lizzie laughed and paid attention to the introductions. "It is very nice to meet you all. To my left is my sister, Mrs. Hurst and her husband, Mr. Hurst." Mrs. Hurst curtsied and Mr. Hurst bowed. The Bennetts returned their bows and the introductions moved on. "To my right is my other sister, Miss Caroline Bingley and my dearest friend, Mr. Darcy." Miss Bingley curtsied and Mr. Darcy nodded his head stiffly. The Bennet's once again returned their bows. "It is very nice to meet you all. I hope you enjoy your time here." Mr. Bennet said. The group murmured their "Thank You"s. And the group retreated from the Bennets, all except Mr. Bingley. "Miss Bennet, may I have the next dance set?" Mr. Bingley asked Jane and she nodded as she blushed. Mr. Bingley walked away with a large smile on his face and joined his friends who were looking morose. "Do you have to make such a fool of yourself, brother?" Caroline chided her brother. "Whatever do you mean, sister?" Bingley asked. Darcy zoned out and watched the most captivating gems he had ever come across in his life. Her dark eyes held such mischief and they would gleam whenever she spoke. They were soul searching eyes, eyes that belonged to a temptress. I think it may be best if I stayed away from Miss Elizabeth Bennet. But how could he? He is attracted to her. Even more reason to stay away! Miss Bennet is not trustworthy. She is of lower birth than I and that means that she would do anything to tempt me into marriage. She must be a snake charmer only that her charms work on humans. Why else would I be attracted? She is not of noble birth and is most certainly not worth noting. However, she was the only one that has ever caused Darcy to blush or feel all tingly inside. This worried Darcy because he hides behind his mask to protect himself, the person he truly is, from ridicule. Miss Bennet is dangerous. If she caused him to have a lapse in protection, then that obviously means that Darcy was open to falling for her. I will not allow it, Darcy snarled at him, banish her Darcy; no more thoughts of the seductress. Darcy tried, with all his might, to banish her from his thoughts, but his head seemed to be full of her. Every corner of his mind was full of images of Miss Bennet. Maybe she would make a great mistress of Pembe- DARCY! Stop it. Darcy's thoughts growled at each other. A fine mess she is making of you Darcy. You are the Master of Pemberley, which means you have a duty to Georgiana to marry a woman of wealth and title. Darcy sighed; Georgiana, how I miss you, my sweet sister. Tears sprung to his eyes when he remembered what happened this summer. When Darcy heard a Bingley's voice it sprung him back to reality and his closed throat, un-clogged, and the tears left his eyes. His mask is back in place. I hate assemblies. Darcy thought. "Are you well Darcy? You seemed to be away with the fairies." Bingley chuckled and shook his head. "I am fine, thank you, Bingley. It seems that I was thinking of my dear Georgiana." Darcy sighed again as his mind once again became full with pictures of George Wickham. "How is she, Darcy? I have not seen her in a while." Bingley asked. His face seemed happy, however, his eyes showed a certain sadness. Darcy had told Bingley everything about what happened last summer and he seemed greatly grieved by the news Darcy had shared with him. "I cannot remember the last time I asked her that. I haven't spoken to her in a while. Not because I am disappointed in her, but, that I think she is angry with me and does not want to speak. She was in love with that scoundrel." Darcy broke off there realizing that he was in a public place and this was not the place for such talk. Bingley noticed this and slapped Darcy's back. "Will you not dance, old friend? There are plenty of pretty ladies around who I am sure will make great partners." Bingley was getting better at changing subjects. "Alas, you are dancing with the only handsome girl in the room." Darcy said. "Oh! She is the most beautiful creature I ever beheld! But there is one of her sisters sitting down just behind you, who is very pretty, and I dare say very agreeable." Bingley stated. Darcy turned and looked at the woman that was haunting his thoughts and glared. Elizabeth returned his gaze with a shocked stare which gradually turned into a ferocious glare. Darcy's heart began to flutter uncontrollably and he averted his gaze. What is she doing to me? "She may be pretty" Darcy spat venomously. "But she is not handsome enough to tempt me." Darcy was keeping his gaze fixed forward; however, he could not ignore her as she crossed his path with a smug smile on her face. Oh! That temptress. Ignore her Darcy. Darcy's gaze snapped back forward. Bingley saw the ferocious glare that had taken root on his friend's face. He, however, thought he was the source of his friend's anger. "I apologize, Darcy. I did not mean to anger you; I only meant to make this assembly more enjoyable to you. Do you forgive me, friend?" Darcy's anger suddenly relented upon hearing his friend's apology. He thinks I am angry at him? Of course he does. "It is not you, Bingley. It is just me; I am not in the most festive mood at the moment. My mind seems to be full of so many thoughts at one time that I end up very angry. I apologize. Now go and dance with Miss Bennet." Bingley waltzes off and Darcy notices that the group had dispersed everywhere. Caroline is conversing with her sister, Mrs. Hurst. Mr. Hurst is at the punch table filling his eighth glass of punch. Elizabeth was greatly annoyed at the comment made by Mr. Darcy and the fact that he had glared at her the entire evening. He has wounded her vanity and she took this to heart. Mr. Darcy is everything that the rumors had labelled him to be and more. He may think he is better than Meryton's townsfolk; however, he seems to be as much as a social climber as they are. Elizabeth told Jane as much when they were conversing in her room after the assembly. "Lizzie, that is an awful thing to say. You must not judge Mr. Darcy so harshly, especially after a first acquaintance. He may prove to be quite admirable and just because he acts this way does not mean that he is naturally that way. He may have a mask to cover who he truly is." Jane tried to convince Elizabeth. "As for the people of Meryton; not everyone is like that. The people who are, they are in worse conditions than us and need the money to keep a roof over their head. We may, one day, find ourselves in the same predicament." Jane chided Elizabeth. "Oh Jane," Elizabeth sighed "You are too good. You always see the good in people. However, I do not believe Mr. Darcy has another side to him. He only acts like he does every day." Elizabeth did not want to accept that Mr. Darcy had a better side for he was so rude and conceited. She does not know of anyone who would prefer to act like that. Not a man with conscience that is for sure. Elizabeth thought as she fell asleep later that night.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last Time: Not a man with conscience that is for sure. Elizabeth thought as she fell asleep later that night. Two weeks after Meryton Ball Darcy sat in one of the chairs in Bingley's quite roomy lounging area. Miss Bingley was busy insulting everyone who lived in Meryton and Bingley was contradicting her with comments of appraisal. They were getting into a heated argument when Hurst woke up with a snort and silenced the pair. "I apologize, Hurst. We did not mean to wake you." Bingley stated. He must have realized that they were being quite loud if it was enough to shake Mr Hurst from his alcohol induced slumber. The man could sleep through cannon fire and not rise at all when he had, had a drink or two. "It is quite alright. I am going to see what the cook has prepared for dinner tomorrow and then I am going to join my wife." Hurst rose and left the lounging area. Mrs. Hurst had retired earlier because the events of the day had exhausted her. "I have been invited to attend a meal at the Bennet house and I have graciously accepted. I approve of the Bennetts. What about you, Darcy?" Bingley asked Darcy for his opinion. "Yes, Mr. Darcy. What do you say, sir?" Caroline asked with a smug smile on her face knowing Darcy was on her side. Darcy decided it was time for him to leave. "I think I am going to go for a ride. I will be back later on." Darcy said as he rose and left the squabbling pair to their arguing. As Darcy stepped outside into the cool night air, he noticed something about the evening that had escaped his notice before and that was the beauty of the stars. It had been years since he admired the stars. The last time he did so was when his father, Mr Darcy, senior, was still the Master of Pemberley and Georgiana was four. Georgiana had escaped from her nurse late one night and Darcy felt it his duty to return her. He had not needed to go far as her tiny form drew his attention from the small garden bench. Darcy went to her and was prepared to scold her when she turned around and whispered "Is Mama up there? Is she one of these balls of light?" Georgiana was well spoken for a four year old and her question had taken Darcy by complete surprise. "The balls of light are called stars, Georgie." He had stated as he walked to her and picked her up into his arms and sat back on the bench with her in his lap. "I will tell you what I tell myself when I miss her" He kissed Georgiana's head and pointed to the stars in the night sky. "I believe that every single star in our universe are the souls of our loved ones who have vacated this Earth and do not want to leave. So, they get trapped as the stars. Mama was one person who did not want to go. That is why I think she is the biggest star in the sky because she had a bigger opposition about leaving." Darcy whispered. "Why?" Georgiana asked Darcy as she had rested her head on his chest. "Well… she just had you for one thing." Darcy had stated as he started tickling her. Her squirming and giggling form was a great relief to him. "And she loved father and was worried about what would happen to him." Darcy sighed as the squirming infant calmed herself. "What about you? Why did she not want to leave you?" Georgiana had wondered. Darcy had felt his chest rip open when he remembered the day that she had passed. Tears started filling his eyes and he knew he could not tell her. "That doesn't matter ,Georgie. She just didn't want to leave you and father for so many reasons. I did not give her any reason to have reluctance in leaving me." Darcy's breathing had become laboured and he knew he was falling apart. He didn't want to do it in front of Georgie so he had picked her up and returned her to the nurse. He then ran up to his bed chamber and he let the tears that had been building, go and he lost his temper. He started throwing things at the walls and wrecking the room. After everything he had was smashed he fell against the nearest wall and slid down it. His arms came to rest against his knees and he had rested his head upon them. In that instance, he fell asleep. Darcy broke from his reverie to feel something wet on his cheeks. Had he been crying? I am not surprised to be honest he thought. Darcy looked up and realized that he was in the stable. How did I get here? Darcy inquired of his overactive brain. Of course he had been too distracted to realize what his body was doing. He grabbed the reigns that were offered by the stable boy. I must have been standing here for a while for Aznavour to be saddled and ready. Darcy climbed upon Aznavour and urged the horse on at full pelt down the field of grass, away from Netherfield and away from his overbearing heart. A few hours later at Longbourne. Lizzie woke with a start as she woke from a dreadful dream. It was in the early hours of the morning so she tried to get back to sleep and rest a few more hours. "Darn!" Lizzie whispered to the early morning sun as she began to realize that she was no longer going to get any sleep. Lizzie rose from the bed and onto her feet and stretched. This may be a long day. Lizzie thought. Lizzie decided it would be a good idea to go for a walk before Mrs. Bennett woke up and started arguing that it was "not healthy for young women to walk so much". Her mother could be difficult sometimes and Lizzie prefers not to anger her mother too much. She loves her mother, but sometimes she is too overpowering. As Lizzie dressed and exited the Bennet house, she felt a feeling of promise; that the day may be good after all. The roads were misted and the air was cold, but that always meant that the day would be sunny. Lizzie used the mist as a fortune of the weather; sometimes she was right and sometimes she was wrong. Lizzie decided to take the abandoned road that had no destination and just free her mind of all that happened in her dream and the events of last week's assembly. Mr Darcy had invaded every thought of hers and evidently, her dreams too? When will it stop? Is it going to continue until my life is all about Mr. Darcy? What Mr. Darcy is doing, how he looks, how I would feel if he left? My life is not his to take! Spiteful man. SNAP. The sound of a twig breaking on the path ahead and the sudden sound of hooves thumping against the abandoned road worried Lizzie as this road had been out of service since 1790. Lizzie moved out of the way to let the rider and horse pass, but as the horse neared it spooked and sent its rider falling to the ground with a thud. Lizzie rushed to the rider's side to help him up. She could not see his face "Are you hurt, sir?" Lizzie asked the rider, but heard no response except that he released a moan and strained to get up. At least he is not unconscious. Lizzie thought as she grabbed a hold of his arm to help him up. She was then able to see the man's face. Shock ran through Lizzie's body as his eyes bore into hers. Mr. Darcy? Lizzie instantly lets go of his arm and he nearly fell to the ground. He glared at her and tried to walk. Darcy took one step and faltered as the agonizing pain shot up his leg and made his head swim. Great. Just what I needed! Darcy thought sarcastically. "Oh! You are injured, sir." Lizzie spoke up after she regains her speech. "Yes. No thanks to you, Miss Elizabeth!" Darcy spat out at her with venom. Lizzie was taken aback for a second, but chose to ignore him. "What can I do, sir?" Lizzie asked as she touched his shoulder. He shook her off violently and went to sit down, but once again the pain rendered him paralyzed. Lizzie wound her arms around his waist. He looked at her funny for a second, but it dawned on him that she was offering herself for him to lean on and walk. He took the chance and put his arm on her shoulder gently. Together they managed to make it to a boulder that was sticking out of the brush. "May you get my horse please, Miss Elizabeth? I am slightly indisposed at the moment." Darcy smirked at Miss Bennet once again insinuating that she was the reason he fell. Lizzie rolled her eyes and went to the horse. "Careful, Miss Elizabeth, Aznavour does not like people, apart from me." He stated. The cheek of that man! I do not like him at all. Lizzie thought as she approached the horse slowly with her arm raised. At first the horse was spooked and Lizzie froze. But the horse slowly came to her and nuzzled her hand. Lizzie stroked the magnificent beast's nose and it licked her hand slightly. "That is entirely inappropriate, sir." Lizzie said to the horse and giggled. All the while, Darcy was watching with amazement; He was completely awestruck. Aznavour, you backstabber! Darcy smiled at the horse. Never has Aznavour acted that way with another human, apart from Darcy. It took the stable boys a lot of sugar cubes to get the horse to warm up to them. Then again, Miss Elizabeth Bennet is sugar, extremely sweet and addictive. Darcy thought as he watched her stroke the horse lovingly. "That is enough, Miss Bennet; my horse, please?" Darcy said a bit too harshly and Miss Elizabeth flinched. Darcy felt guilt spread through him. He should not be rude to Miss Elizabeth Bennet or speak badly about her behind her back like he had done at the Meryton assembly; she was obviously something special and should be treasured. Lizzie brought the horse to the Master of Pemberley and handed him the reigns. Why is he always so snappy and… rude! Lizzie asked herself, but could not conceive an answer. "Thank you very much, Miss Bennet." He tried to get up but fell back down. Lizzie instantly forgot her anger and reached to help him. Why do I care so much? Elizabeth asked herself as Darcy wrapped his arm around her neck to support himself. Elizabeth's hand accidentally brushed Darcy's skin and a tingle ran through her whole arm. What was that? Lizzie looked to Darcy, who was wearing a poker face, and thought did he feel that? However, Darcy was excellent at poker faces and did not show the chaos that was rising inside him at the brief touch of their skin. Lizzie sighed; Guess not. Lizzie suddenly felt disappointment and dejection flood through every part of her being. Lizzie felt tears spring to her eyes with violence as she realized that what she had just felt was one sided. Darcy sensed her disappointment, but he ignored it as he got a top of Aznavour. However, once he was up there it was difficult to dismiss that something was wrong with Miss Bennet as he gazed into her face and then her eyes. Her beautiful eyes were full of dejection and anguish. Darcy felt his face soften as he realized he had hurt her feelings. "What is it, Miss Bennet?" Darcy questioned her in a soft voice. Lizzie raised her eyes to look at him at the sound of his softer voice. Her forehead creased in the question of whether to ask the gentleman or not. "Did-did you –feel...?" She cut her question off thinking better of it and looked to the ground avoiding his face and prying eyes. "Did I feel…? What, Miss Elizabeth?" He asked her as he tried to regain her attention so he could look in her eyes again. "Nothing, sir." Lizzie whispered as she kept her gaze fixed to the ground. She felt stupid and insecure all because of Mr Darcy. "Well… Goodbye Miss Elizabeth. Enjoy your walk." Darcy replied to her and started to turn his horse away. Lizzie looked up in panic, but as soon as she did, she regretted it. Tears fell from her eyes and slid down her cheeks. Darcy happened to look around just as the tears fell, but Lizzie ducked her head and replied to his farewell. "Goodbye, sir, Aznavour. I hope your leg heals soon, sir, and I apologize that I had knocked you off your horse. Farewell." Lizzie curtseyed and turned and ran off towards her home. "Until next time Miss Elizabeth," Darcy whispered in the morning breeze as he watched his heart and soul run away from him. Darcy turned Aznavour towards Netherfield and urged him on at full pelt, once again, running from his thoughts and his heart.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Darcy turned Aznavour towards Netherfield and urged him on at full pelt, once again. Lizzie was stopped halfway to her home by Mr. Heralds. He stepped in her way as she was running past the forest trail. He grabbed Lizzie around the waist as she passed. Her nervousness and emotions were causing her to feel light headed. What does he want? Lizzie thought, frightened beyond measure. "You're so beautiful Miss Bennet. No wonder Monster Darcy is falling for you." He nuzzled her neck and smelt her hair. "Beautiful." Lizzie felt everything building up inside her. Fear, wonder, hurt, nervousness and other emotions; what is going to happen? Maybe mama was right! "What do you want, sir?" Lizzie's voice trembled as she tried to not make any sudden movements. Her eyes suddenly landed on a discarded branch. It was a thick branch. "Well, that's easy, Miss Bennet, I want you." As the young man, who she had known since their birth, said that he made a mistake of loosening his grip on her waist. She quickly grabbed the branch, which was lighter than expected, and struck the disgusting man over the head with it and knocked him down to the floor. Lizzie took her chance and ran the opposite direction to her home. Lizzie looked behind her to see the man still on the floor, but gradually getting up, so she ran faster. It was not until she reached the grounds of Netherfield that she finally stopped, thinking she was safe. She stayed away from the house, in the brush, a mile north of the Bingley's home. And away from Mr. Darcy… As Lizzie thought this she was grabbed from behind and brought to someone's chest. "Did you really think you would get away from me that easily?" Mr. Heralds whispered in her ear. A shiver shook through Lizzie's body, not a pleasurable shiver though. A shiver that shows a person knows what is going to happen to them. It was a shiver of realization. "I'm sorry." Lizzie sobbed to him, begging that he would stop. "Please. Stop. I am sorry." Heralds chucked Lizzie to the floor in a way that ensured that she was facing him, and started striking her body ferociously with his feet. Lizzie screamed and screamed, but to no avail. He pinned her down with his body and kissed her mouth to silence her. Lizzie struggled against him, but she could not free herself. Is he going to…? Why does this happen to me? Lizzie asked herself as Heralds began undressing her body. No. Please, no! Lizzie screamed in her head. She began slapping the man around the face, however, he connected his fist to her face and Lizzie's thoughts went blank and her world slipped into darkness. "Let's see if that posh pig wants you now that you are tainted." Heralds whispered to the mangled body that lay in front of him. He quickly runs off at the sound of a carriage, leaving her body, and giving himself a victory, pat on the back as he entered the woods. Jane woke early that morning, at 30 minutes past 7, to look through the garden for some flowers to brighten up Longbourn House. Lizzie was not in her room when Jane knocked, thus, Jane could only assume that her younger sister had gone for a walk. When Jane asked Lizzie's lady's maid, the maid said that her mistress left at sunrise, which is around six o'clock Jane thought absently. Elizabeth had promised to be back shortly, but she had not returned as of yet. Jane did not find this unusual, Lizzie often left in that hour to avoid Mrs Bennet's "incessant lecturing", as Lizzie often said. Jane saw some beautiful flowers just beginning to bloom and walked to them. She knelt down and touched the plants and felt the soft petals against her hand. The feel reminded her of the softness of a new baby's skin. Mrs. Bennet was awoken at 10 to 12 in the morning by the incessant light that flowed through her ornate glass window. The light caused the colourful glass to cast rainbow patterns across her bedroom floor and bed, thus, waking her up. Mrs. Bennet entered her washroom and was met by her lady's maid, whose face was consumed by a worried expression. "What is the matter, Helen? You seem worried…" Mrs. Bennet sat on the stool opposite her vanity mirror and watched the maid as she came to attend her Mistress. "Out with it, Girl! It will not do to keep me in suspense." Mrs Bennet chided the girl of seventeen. The girl's hands were noticeable shaking as she brushed her mistress's hair and tears began stinging the girl's eyes. How could she tell her mistress that one of her daughters had not returned from her morning walk? Sure, the whole household knew that Miss Lizzie spends ages on her morning walks to avoid Mrs Bennet's incessant nagging. However, she has never been gone for more than two hours and that is what has worried the maids. "Miss Elizabeth is not here, madam." The young girl began and she watched as confusion crossed her mistress's face. "That is not unusual child. Lizzie is forever going on walks, which I bid her not to do. She will not be gone for more than two hours." The older woman stated with a roll of her bloodshot eyes. Mrs. Bennet was completely convinced by her own statement that she did not notice the hesitant look on Helen's face. She did notice, however, that the girl had stopped combing her hair. Mrs. Bennet rose and turned around with anger marring her features. Mrs Bennet snatched the hairbrush out of the girl's hands and placed it down on the vanity with a thud. "What are you not telling me, Helen?" Helen had never seen her mistress so enraged before and she knew she could no longer hide the truth. "I believe it is better coming from Tulip, Elizabeth's maid, she knows more than I." Mrs. Bennet huffed; never before had she told what to do by a servant. With this thought Mrs. Bennet hurried into her lounging attire and exited her washroom. Mrs. Bennet was fuming by the time she reached the Lizzie's room. The lady was half expecting her daughter to be in bed, but was disappointed when all she saw was Lizzie's distressed maid. "Where is my daughter, Tulip?" Mrs Bennet ordered the girl. "She went for a walk this morning at sunrise which, at this time of year, is six o'clock. That means Miss Elizabeth has been gone for, roughly, five and a half hours; never has she stayed out this late unless…" Tulip cut off, as a lump rose in her throat and her heart filled with dread. "Something had happened to her." Mrs. Bennet finished for her. "My poor child. Oh my- I feel faint." Mrs Bennet clasped her hand over her mouth and felt palpitations begin to take hold of her. Her mind spun with so many different scenarios that could have befallen her daughter and all ended up with terrible consequences. Mrs. Bennet fell to her knees, with her hand still clasped over her mouth, and began to sob loudly. She felt as though her heart had been ripped from her chest as her fright threatened to consume her. "Mrs. Bennet, Madam, are you okay?" Mrs. Bennet shook her head as it became difficult for her to gain her breath. The housekeeper, Mrs. Hill, entered the room to see what all the fuss was about and saw her mistress on the floor weeping and unable to catch her breath. "Tulip, kindly go and fetch Mrs. Bennet's smelling salts and then go and see if you can locate Miss Bennet. I believe that she may be somewhat of a solace for Mrs. Bennet at this moment in time." Tulip nodded and ran from the room. She located her Mistresses smelling salts and sent Mrs. Bennet's lady's maid to give them to Mrs. Hill. Tulip then ran to the garden to locate Jane. The fair lady was lost in thought as she roamed the extensive garden of Longbourn, until she heard a voice. "Miss Bennet?" Lizzie's maid called to Jane. Jane looked up and smiled at the girl. "Your mother would like to see you. It is urgent." Jane nodded and slowly got up and made her way to the house. Maybe Lizzie had returned Jane thought. "Yes mama?" Jane asked Mrs. Bennet. At this time Mrs. Hill had managed to get the lady into the parlor and into her favorite chair. It should not come as a shock that Mrs. Bennet was, once again, complaining about her nerves. Never before had Jane seen her mother this wound up. "Oh Jane! Lizzie is gone. I do not know where she is. I am worried, Jane." Mrs. Bennet fluffed her handkerchief against her face to cool her countenance down. Why does Lizzie do this to me? Mrs. Bennet thought as she tried to calm herself down. Jane was starting to get a little worried now as well. Lizzie never stays this late on a walk. Jane looked at the clock and realized that it was Midday. Did I really spend that much time looking at one flower? Jane asked herself. Her mind was shrouded with thoughts at the time, thoughts about Mr. Bingley. She had to admit that she was prone to spend hours lost in her thoughts when thinking about Mr. Bingley. "Mama, I heard that Lizzie had gone for a walk at sunrise. I assumed she was back when I entered the house." Jane stated to her mother. "I had been told that as well. But here we are and… Well… She's not here." Mrs. Bennet replied to her eldest daughter. "Does Papa know?" Jane asked her mother. Mrs. Bennet shook her head, "Mr. Bennet has himself locked in his library." "I will go and inform him. Is he in the Library, Mama?" Mrs. Bennet nodded her head, as she could not speak, due to her throat closing. "We will find her, Mama. I promise." Jane guaranteed as she left to find Mr. Bennet. What if something had happened to Lizzie on her walk? I could not bear to lose her. Why has she never listened to Mama? Lizzie is very emotional at the moment due to being on her… Lady cycles… I have noticed she was more emotional this month, however. Almost as if she is suffering from melancholia. Jane worried the matter further. Jane has always told Lizzie to tell mama when her cycles are on. However, Lizzie keeps her cycles a secret from Mrs. Bennet because she is afraid she would be assigned to bed and would not be allowed to leave it until her cycles were finished. Lizzie often said to Jane; "Jane, I do not want to be a prisoner to my own bed. I want freedom." What if she is in trouble…? What if she is expecting and has run away out of fear? That would explain her emotional imbalance. Jane's thoughts were almost hysterical with worry as she wondered where on Earth her dearest sister could be. No, that is silly Jane. Lizzie would have told you if she was expecting and you know she is also a very sensible young woman. You need to have faith in her. Jane's conscience reasoned with her as her thoughts, edged ludicrousness. Mr. Bennet was sitting by his fire reading a book of Astrology when a knock interrupted his tranquil silence. Mr. Bennet rose to his aching feet and made the walk to his study door. When he opened the door, he was welcomed by the face of a very distraught Jane. "Papa, Lizzie is missing." Jane revealed to her Father who seemed to age a hundred years as he took in her news. Shock ran through Mr. Bennet's ancient body and it very nearly collapsed from the intensity of his fear. Seeing this Jane lead her father to a seat for him to sit down in and got him a glass of brandy. Mrs. Bennet entered Mr. Bennet's study and broke into tears. Mr Bennet reached for his wife and they comforted each other until the rest of his daughters entered the room. They were ignorant of what was going on. They had not been told anything. They had just followed the sounds of weeping, which came from their father's study, to find out what had happened. They assumed it was only their mother weeping, however, when it turned out to be their father too, they were not prepared. "What has happened, Papa?" Mary asked her father as she clutched to her bible. Mr. Bennet was about to reply when there was a knock at the Main door. Mrs. Bennet looked at the clock on the mantel of the fireplace. It was only 1 o'clock in the afternoon. "Who is it? Are any of you expecting anyone?" Mrs. Bennet asked her daughters; all of them shook their heads. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet looked at each other with the same question in their eyes: Is it Lizzie? Mrs. Bennet rose to her feet and ran to the front door; Mr. Bennet followed. Mrs. Hill opened the door and the visitor was greeted with the image of a hopeful Mr. and Mrs. Bennet. Bingley watched as their faces dropped and watched Mrs. Bennet become distraught. She excused herself and went to her chamber. Mr. Bennet invited Bingley in and took him to the living room. Jane had placed herself in the seat by the window hoping she could see Lizzie walking through the gardens. She turned from her post when she heard the door open. Lydia and Kitty both stood upon the entrance of their dear Papa and Mr. Bingley. Jane's body sunk as disappointment hit her like a stack of books. I guess it wasn't Lizzie. Jane began to cry for her younger sister. Never has she been away this long, never. Lizzie where are you? Jane's thoughts cried. She, of course, did not receive an answer. Bingley was watching Jane as he entered the room and he couldn't help but notice the disappointment. Is she expecting someone else? Bingley began to think that she didn't want him here. However, when she began crying, he knew it wasn't for another suitor that failed to turn up on time. It was something of great importance. He did not like seeing his angel cry. Angels should not feel sad, only happiness. "Papa, what is going on?" Lydia cried at her father, she was getting desperate. Where is Lizzie? She will sort this out. Lizzie always does. Lydia thought as she and Kitty looked at their normally strong Papa and emotionally distraught sister. "Lizzie…" Mr. Bennet began, but was cut off by a clogged throat. Tears sprang from his eyes and spread over his wrinkled cheeks. The younger sisters began to panic. Lizzie? What is wrong with Lizzie? Kitty thought in a panic. Has she been hurt? Is she dead? Lydia thought hysterically. Lizzie? Dear God on high! Please be safe sister. Please. Our father in heaven, watch over our sister no matter what her circumstance. Mary's thoughts prayed. "Lizzie is missing. She has been missing since early sunrise. She told her lady's maid that she will be back shortly, however she has not returned for several hours." Jane said to help her father. The whole room went silent and then several sobs broke out around the room. Jane finally looked at their visitor properly; maybe this was not the best idea to tell the news in front of Mr. Bingley, Jane thought solemnly. "We must begin a search. She cannot be far. Do we know which way she took?" Jane shook her head at Bingley. Bingley looked to Mr. Bennet, who was already half way out of the door, and ran after him. Mr. Bennett made his way to the stable and had a horse saddled. He told the stable boys to get a horse, if there are not enough horses, the rest will have to walk, and search the grounds for Elizabeth. "Jimmy!" Mr. Bennet called to a young boy who was standing at the stable door. The boy came scattering over to Mr. Bennet. "Fetch as many male staff from the house as you can and tell them to help scour the land. I will to Meryton and get as much help as I can. After you have completed my order I want you to go and sit with my daughters. To keep them company. Now go!" Mr. Bennet urged his horse out of the stable. Meanwhile, Jane had entered the courtyard as Mr. Bennet had entered the stable. Mr. Bingley had one of his carriage horses taken off of the carriage and had it saddled. Jane walked to him and touched his shoulder. Bingley turned at the touch and saw his angel looking at him with sad eyes. "Find her and keep safe." She whispered to him and then walked to her father who had just left the stable. "Jane, you must stay here and look after your sisters and your mother. I have asked Jimmy to come and sit with you. I promise to send someone if we find anything." He kissed her head and led the men to the gates. "Be careful, Papa!" Jane called to him. Bingley came to her side and whispered "I will look after him." Then rode off with the other men trailing behind. Jane entered the house and went to the parlour, upon entering she found her sisters, Lydia and Kitty, sitting and crying in a huddle. Mary was rocking back and forth as she clutched her bible to her bosom, and recited the Lord's Prayer under her breath. Jane sighed and gathered her two youngest siblings in a hug for comfort and reached for Mary, who gladly welcomed the embrace. Jane whispered "They will find her and everything shall be better." Lydia and kitty clutched Jane's waist tighter and Jane hugged Mary tighter to her shoulder. Mrs. Bennet walked in and Jane opened her arms to her mother who ran into the hug. Their sobbing frames made Jane feel weak and vulnerable because Lizzie is normally here to help her. I hope they find her soon. Jane thought as she continued to comfort her family. Jimmy entered the room shortly after Mrs. Bennet and clung to the large chest of draws that stood in the doorway. He did not want to admit that he was scared for Miss Lizzie, but knew that he could not deny it. He was too infatuated with her for any denial of such things. I wish I could help the search… But I promised Mr. Bennet that I would look after his girls and that is what I shall do. Hopefully they find her soon. Bingley came crashing through the doors of Netherfield, after three hours of searching for Miss Bennet, with a terrified look on his face. He brought a concerned Darcy and a confused Mrs. Winter, the housekeeper, into his study. Darcy watched as his, normally jolly, friend collapsed into a chair exhaustedly. Darcy began to feel worried as he noticed his friend's eyes begin to water. "What is it, Bingley?" Darcy asked agitatedly. He had never seen his friend act like this. Bingley sighed and felt the tears leave his eyes. He already felt a brotherly bond towards Miss Bennet and he was so worried about her. It didn't help things that a thunderstorm had just begun. Thunder roared, lightning crashed, and rain pounded with a deadly vengeance confirming that something dreadful is afoot. Bingley looked at his friend and housekeeper with sorrowful eyes. "Miss Bennet is missing." Mrs. Winter covered her mouth as she began to cry. The Bennet's were a well-respected family throughout Hertfordshire and the thought of one of the counties gems going missing is a desperate issue. "How long, sir?" Mrs Winter asked as she removed her hands. "Yes Bingley, How long? I am sure Jane could not have gone far…" Darcy tried to reason with Bingley. Darcy assumed it to be Jane because Bingley appeared so lost. Bingley shook his head. "It is not Jane, who is missing… It is Elizabeth. She has been missing since sunrise this morning." Bingley watched as Darcy's façade broke and his face crumpled in anguish. "I saw her this morning though, and she seemed fine. More than fine, even! I- I don't… Understand." Darcy said as he felt his wall come crashing down. It was his fault. He should never have been rude to her. He should have seen her home safe instead of running away from her. He should have protected her from this outcome. Why was I so blinded by past mistakes? From the moment I saw her I convinced myself that she was going to be a mistake. But time proved that she was not. It proved to make me even more attracted to her. I am a sorry excuse of a man. Darcy reprimanded himself. I need to save her and prove to her that I actually have a soul. I could not bear it if she thinks of me as a man without a soul. However, I would not be surprised because I wasn't showing her any different. Darcy thought as he hobbled out of the room and down the stairs to the great door. One question filled his head as he limped his way down to the stables and that was; why would she leave? "Darcy! Where are you going?" Bingley called as he followed his friend to the stables. Thunder and lightning crashed again. Darcy grabbed his horse and mounted it. Thankfully the reigns had been kept on since his ride earlier, however… the horse wasn't saddled. "I am going to find her, Bingley. I can't help but feel this is my fault." Darcy looked to his friend and broke his façade once again and this time he kept it down. It was time to face his fears. "I am worried Bingley and I am terrified for her safety. What condition may I find her in, if I find her at all?" Recognition swept over the Bingley's face. "You love her." He stated as he revealed the unvarnished truth of Darcy's feelings. "I do not know, Bingley; but I hope, and want the chance, to figure that out." Darcy admitted to his friend. "I have been a complete codger. I have pushed her away by insulting her, both inside my head and out in the open. My past disappointments caused me to be completely rude to her and all she has ever done is smile at me or help me. I am a complete fool." Darcy lets go of Aznavour's reigns and buried his face in his hand. Bingley had never seen this powerful man look so helpless; except once when Darcy had come back from Ramsgate. "I am certainly not going to counteract that statement. Go. I will wait for your return in my study." Darcy nodded and urged his horse out of the stable and rushed across the grass in the ever pounding rain. He thought of only one thing the whole way; I will find you, my Elizabeth. I will find you.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: He thought of only one thing the whole way;I will find you, my Elizabeth. I will find you. "Miss Elizabeth! Miss Elizabeth! Where are you?" Darcy shouted out into the storm. He had been searching for an hour now and he still could not find Elizabeth. Darcy's heart felt heavier, than it ever had, in that moment of realization, that, he may never find her. He felt like crying out like the little boy he once was. But, Darcy's thoughts reasoned, I am a man now and it will not do for people to see me so weak. The resolve, Darcy had often found in those types of thoughts, was almost completely absent. He had never experienced that overwhelming sense of helplessness and fear of the unknown. He was strong when others were weak and was a pillar of comfort when people needed it most. But in this moment, the great Master of Pemberley, was nothing more than a devastated wreck. Miss Elizabeth had managed to capture Darcy's esteem in just a few weeks and he could not see himself with a future without her. The slight sadness that he had experienced after two weeks of separation was evidence enough of his esteem. Darcy knew that he would go through hell and back to bring happiness to that beautiful face. As Darcy and Aznavour approached a hedge, about a mile North of Netherfield, Darcy saw pieces of ripped clothing strewn across the grass. It was as if someone had chucked it over their shoulder not caring where it landed. What a most inconceivable notion! Someone carelessly throwing ripped cloth about. Darcy thought as he leaped down from Aznavour's back and limped his way to the hedge, following the path that the clothing had created. He was determined to scare the person away that dared ruin such beautiful surroundings by their blatant indecency. As Darcy approached the fabric he identified something straight away; it was the kind of material which women make their dresses from. Georgie always uses this material… So the owner of this cloth was female. In Darcy's eyes, that did not bode well. He picked a piece of the fabric off of the floor and brought it closer to his face to examine it. There were blood stains covering the fabric in sprayed like patterns. Dear God, Darcy's thoughts exclaimed. As Darcy examined the cloth further, to determine a pattern, a gripping observation had Darcy tripping, head over heels, around the bush. Dread spread through him like a wild bush fire and pretty soon, his whole body was shaking with fear of what he believed he would find. As he finally cleared the side of the bush, he came across a small clearing and a body. As he approached the body the realization hit him like a ton of bricks. It was Miss Elizabeth Bennet. Darcy rushed the rest of the way to her side and pulled her against his chest. "Miss Elizabeth? Miss Elizabeth, can you hear me?" He touched her cheek and felt how cold she was. He took off his coat and wrapped it around her small frame. He gently shook her, trying to get a reaction, but all it did was cause her head to fall limp over his arm. Darcy felt his heart in his throat as he swung Miss Elizabeth into his strong arms and ran back to his horse. Darcy placed Lizzie on the horse as he manoeuvred himself to get atop of Aznavour without disrupting Miss Elizabeth's body, too much. As soon as he was safely on top of his horse he arranged Elizabeth so that she was resting against him and he kissed her head, without thinking of the impropriety of the gesture. In that moment he did not care about society or what was seen as proper or improper, he just cared about getting Elizabeth back to Netherfield and see that she gets treatment for her injuries as quickly as possible. Darcy nudged his horse forward and made a mad dash for Netherfield, while trying to keep Miss Elizabeth warm. "Hold on Miss Elizabeth, we are almost at Netherfield." Darcy said into Elizabeth's hair, hoping to get a reaction and when he got nothing, he began fearing the worst. The stables were soon in sight and a small sense of relief spread through Darcy's body. He may be able to save Miss Elizabeth after all. As he reached the stable and dismounted Aznavour; relief was dashed as he took Elizabeth off of Aznavour's back. Darcy checked for her pulse and could only feel a slight drumming against his fingers. Dammit! Darcy cursed as he, once again, swung Elizabeth into his arms and ran as fast as he could to the house. He slammed through the doors that brought him into the foyer and shouted for Bingley. "Bingley! Bingley!" The man came rushing down the flight of stairs once he beheld the sight of Miss Elizabeth in Mr. Darcy's arms. "Is she okay? Where did you find her?" Bingley cried as his feet pounded on the foyer floor; reaching Darcy's side in seconds. He stroked Elizabeth's hair as tears threatened to slide from his eyes and down his cheeks. Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst came rushing into the foyer when they heard all of the commotion. "Oh my," Louisa shrieked as she covered her face with her hands. Caroline was just as shocked, however, she stayed quiet. "I will send word for a doctor!" Louisa shouted as she ran from the room. "Is- is Miss Eliza okay, Mr. Darcy?" Caroline asked as she descended the stairs in a flurry of panic, all colour drained from her features. "No… She is not, Miss Bingley." Darcy said in a broken whisper as he held Elizabeth tight in his arms. He cleared his throat. "Bingley," Darcy asked, turning to his friend. "We need to get her into dry clothes and a warm bed." Bingley nodded his head and sent Caroline to get the housekeeper to set up a room for Elizabeth. He then turned to Darcy and told him to follow him. They rushed their way upstairs to a room which was already being made up. The housekeeper turned to the two men and curtsied then came forward to take Elizabeth from Darcy. With some reluctance, Darcy handed Elizabeth to the housekeeper and was dragged out of the room by Bingley. "Un-hand me Mr. Bingley," Darcy growled when Bingley wrestled him; creating distance between Darcy and the room with Miss Elizabeth in. Mr. Darcy felt his heart speed up and it left him in a state of panic. He needed to be near Miss Elizabeth. He felt like he could not breathe without her in his line of sight. He knew it was just his worry flaring up to a level of insanity and that he would appear to be close to swooning like a woman; but Darcy found he did not care if he was being un-dignified or maybe looked like a worry crazed lover. All he cared about was the woman in the room down the hall who was most likely at death's door. "Calm down, Darce. The only way I will let you go is if you promise not to go barrelling in there like a headless chicken. Darcy, you need to pull yourself together, you look a fright." Mr. Bingley reprimanded Darcy. "Do not tell me to calm down, Bingley." Darcy growled, "If that was Miss Bennet in there… You would hate me keeping you from her." Bingley would be rather upset with this turn in conversation; if he had not seen the anguish and worry that was consuming Darcy at this very moment in time. His eyes are very expressive. "Get. You're hands. Off of me, Bingley," Darcy seethed through his teeth. "Do you really think that acting like a savage monkey will make her any better? In actual fact, it will probably make her worse," Bingley reasoned and watched as his friend took a deep steadying breath. Why am I acting this way? Darcy mentally shook his head, disapprovingly. The only time he ever acted this way was when his mother was dying… Darcy nodded at his friend, "You are right, Charles. Please, do forgive me for being so rude. I must admit I am not myself, nor have I ever been." "I understand, Darcy. For I would be the same, as you are now, if I had endured everything you have seen this evening." Bingley released his friend when he was sure he would not do anything rash. "I know you are… attracted to Miss Elizabeth and that you are ridden with guilt for the way you have acted towards her. But you must understand that Miss Elizabeth will not be open to forgiving you straight away. This one act of chivalry will not win you her heart." Bingley gave his friend a significant look, "I apologise for being so forward and unkind to you, Darcy, but you have to understand that it is the truth. You really did injure her." Darcy looked down, ashamed. He knew that this would not change anything, but he could not help the slight sliver of hope that it may. "What would you suggest I do, my friend?" Darcy asked, softly. "The great Master of Pemberley asking me, of all people, for advice?" Bingley teased his friend, who had decidedly blushed at his words. Well, that is new. "I need the view of someone who has a clear head and, not only that, someone who knows me better than anyone." Mr. Darcy stated as he straightened his back, so he was at his full height. "If I were you, I would head down to Longbourn and fetch Mr. Bennet and his family. They are worried sick. Then what I would do next is," Bingley looked at Mr. Darcy and heaved in a huge lungful of air. "I would return to Pemberley. Maybe write her a letter apologising and telling her why you acted like an ass." Darcy was about to interrupt Bingley but he was beaten to it. "I know you want to be by her side to nurture her, protect her and build a relationship with her but you cannot do that when your mental state is as it is at this moment in time. Return to your sister and build your relationship with her again and begin anew. I know this is not what you want to hear but it is as I would do. If I was the one who acted the way you have these past few months." Darcy frowned as he thought over his friends wise words. I suppose he is right. My mind is not in the right place right now and is certainly not equipped to deal with this anguish I am feeling. Maybe a ride to Longbourn will make me feel less… insane. "Very well Bingley," Darcy sighed. "I will think over your suggestion; as I ride to Longbourn to tell Miss Elizabeth's family. Thank you for your help ol' boy." Mr. Darcy patted Mr. Bingley's shoulder as he passed him. He walked past Elizabeth's door and saw her laying pale in her bed, unconscious, with Caroline and Louisa stroking her hair. Never had he seen those two so kind to someone they found lower than themselves. Mrs. Hurst turned to the door and saw Mr. Darcy. She smiled gently as she rose and walked to the door. Louisa closed the door softly and Darcy felt his shoulders sag. To Longbourn, Darcy thought as he strode down the stairs as fast as his injured leg would carry him. Darcy ignored the pain, which shot up from his ankle, as he walked to the door. He was about to open the door when a knock sounded. The butler raced to open the door and it moved to reveal the Doctor. "Welcome doctor," Darcy greeted and strode forward to greet the gentleman properly. The man returned the bow. "Mr. Geoffrey will take you to Miss Bennet," The gentleman nodded and was about to follow the butler when Darcy called for him to stop. "Wait, I just wanted to ask you… to look after her. Please?" The doctor looked shocked, "I will try my best, sir. But I cannot promise that there will be no complications. From the young maid's description, I fear that there may not be an awful lot that I can do for the young woman. I will certainly try my upmost to ensure that she gets better." Well, that was the best answer he would get out of the doctor at this time. "Thank you Doctor. Good night," Mr. Darcy left the house and jogged to the stables. Aznavour was there waiting for him with the stable hand. Darcy climbed onto the young stallion's back and rode out towards Longbourn. Mr. Bennet paced the floor in his parlour agitatedly. It had been a few hours since Mr. Bingley had returned to Netherfield at the end of the search. They had searched every bit of land they could but found nothing of his daughter. What does he have to do? He could not think of anywhere that she could be that they have not checked already. Mr. Bingley promised to search his land to see if she had ended up there but Mr. Bennet could not think of any lawful explanation for Elizabeth to be there. Quite honestly, all he can think about is what state they would find his beautiful beloved daughter in. Mr. Bennet looked at his family who all looked distraught and extremely tired. He wished they would ascend upstairs to sleep but he knew that they would not leave his side until Lizzie was found. Mrs. Bennet had not uttered a single word since his return and that worried him. She just sat and rocked softly back and forth humming Elizabeth's lullaby from her baby years. Normally in situations like this she is complaining about something or other. That was how Mr. Bennet knew how deeply the situation was affecting his wife and his little girls; Jane especially. Jane looked dead on her feet and completely lost. Mary stared off into space clutching the bible to her bosom and tried to keep the tears at bay. Kitty was distraught but could find no words of comfort for her family. Lydia… was… Lydia. However, her heart was no longer in it. She was trying to carry on as usual but all she really wanted was to breakdown and cry in Lizzie's arms. She wanted her sister. As Mr. Bennet stood looking at his family, the doorbell rang and he ran out of the room. He beat the housekeeper to the door and opened it as quickly as the old hinges would allow. Mr. Darcy stood in the rain looking solemnly at Mr. Bennet. Mr. Bennet had no time for this arrogant, egotistical, man. This man offended my Lizzie and that is unacceptable. "How may I help you, Mr. Darcy?" Mr. Bennet asked politely. "I have a matter of urgency that I need to address," Mr. Darcy shook from the cold but stood his ground. Mr. Bennet stepped aside to allow the man access; however, the man shook his head. "I have found Miss Elizabeth. She is at Netherfield and I would ask you to come as quickly as you can." Mr. Bennet raced back inside his home and made a grab for his coat. He ordered a maid to rush out to the stables and ask them to prepare the carriage. He then ran into the parlour to tell his family. They turned to the door as he rushed back inside and looked expectant. "Mr. Darcy has found her," They jumped to their feet and made for the door. Mr. Bennet put his hand up and said, "I will ride ahead with him and you come along as soon as the carriage is ready." They nodded and watched as he left again. "After you, sir." Mr. Bennet said as he walked outside and to the stables as fast as he could. He grabbed his horse's reigns and pulled himself up onto its back. He urged it forward and followed behind Mr. Darcy as they made a mad dash towards Netherfield and his daughter. He felt relieved and felt immense gratitude towards both Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley for their help. They were both men he would proudly call his sons.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last Time: He felt relieved and felt immense gratitude towards both Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley for their help. They were both men, he would proudly call his sons. Mr. Bingley paced in his study with a rather generous glass of whiskey. The doctor had been in that room for what felt like hours, but must have only been forty minutes or so. He stopped pacing and looked towards his glass and upended it into his mouth. He walked to the decanter and filled it again. He was going to feel awful in the morning. Voices rose outside the door, in the foyer, and he rushed out of his study. Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bennet were standing in the foyer dripping water over the tiled flooring. Well, that is going to get rather slippery, Bingley thought. The whiskey had begun to take over his coherent thoughts. The two men look towards Bingley and he rushed to greet Mr. Bennet. The two men bowed and Mr. Bennet was led off to the room in which his daughter had been placed. Bingley brought his friend into the study and sat him down by the fire then went to pour him a glass of whiskey. He refilled his while he was at it. When had I drunk that? "Any news?" Darcy asked, concern ringing clear in his voice. Bingley shook his head and Darcy let out an exasperated sigh. "Why is it taking so long? Do you think he has found something serious?" "I do not know, Darce. All we can do is wait and hope that he does not find anything too serious." Bingley stated. They fell into a long silence. Darcy got lost in the beauty of the flames; however, Miss Elizabeth was not far from his thoughts. There was a knock on the study door and it opened to reveal Mr. Bennet. Darcy rushed forward, "How is she?" "She is awake and… confused," Mr. Darcy offered the man a seat and Mr. Bennet gratefully took it. "I have never seen Elizabeth this way before. Her eyes are duller than they used to be; with a slightly haunted glint within them. She would not speak to me about what had happened and she has begged the doctor not to tell me his diagnosis or what he thought had happened out there." Mr. Bennet rubbed his hands over his face, "Her arms are covered in deep gashes. Her face… oh god, her face," Mr. Bennet wept softly. "It is almost black with the amount of bruises marring her beautiful features. I am almost sick with the thought of what might lay beneath her wall of cloth and I, honestly, do not… want to know." He sniffled softly. "Where did you find her, Mr. Darcy?" Bingley asked, his terrified gaze not leaving the old man that sat by the fire. Darcy looked equally frightened; however, he masked it quickly and told them of the location where he found Elizabeth. "I thought she was dead when I first saw her. It was… terrifying to say the least." Darcy stated. "How…" Mr. Bennet stuttered, then took a deep breath. He tried again. "In what… state did you find my daughter in, Mr. Darcy?" Darcy stared at Mr. Bennet for a few minutes; trying to work out if the old man really needed or wanted to know. But he knew that if this was his daughter, he would like to know how she was found. With that resolve in mind, he started telling them about how he found her. "I followed a trail of ripped garments that belonged to a woman. I was going to tell whoever was behind the bush that they should be ashamed of themselves for disgracing such beautiful grounds. However, when I looked closer at the fabric I noticed it was the fabric Miss Elizabeth was wearing when I bumped into her this morning." Darcy took in a deep lungful of air; memories washed over him. He picked up his story again. "I went around the bush as quickly as I could and… I saw her." Darcy was struggling to keep his cool. Whoever did this to Miss Elizabeth was going to pay. "She was in a bloodied heap on the ground and her garments had been ripped from her body. Leaving only her bloodied bodice and ripped stockings. Her legs were in awful shape, but so was the rest of her. Thus, without thinking about it, I picked her up and carried her here." Mr. Bennet's shoulders were shaking softly and he hid his face in his hands. Mr. Darcy wanted to comfort the man; however, the impropriety of the gesture persuaded him not to. So he just stood, leaning against the fireplace, watching the fire flecks dance up from the flames. There was a soft knock on the door and all men looked to the door as it opened. Miss Elizabeth came into the room, supported by Miss Bingley, and forced a soft smile at the men. Darcy had never seen something so brave. To walk into a room when injured and face one of your tormentors and your father and Mr. Bingley all in one is something worth credit. She looked absolutely awful her face was almost blue with bruises and her arms were not much better. Thought they were covered by a shawl. Darcy felt his heart squeeze tightly in his chest. Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley bowed to her and she tilted her head, still not strong enough to curtsey properly. Mr. Bennet walked to her and helped her sit down. She smiled, a less forced smile, at her father's worrying. She rarely sees him like this. "Why are you out of bed, Elizabeth? It surely is not good for your health." Mr. Bennet inquired. "The doctor said I must get as much exercise as I can; hence, why I am walking in the gardens now. Will you accompany me, Father?" Miss Elizabeth asked, sweetly. "Of course, my dear," Mr. Bennet agreed. "Mr. Darcy, I was wondering if you would accompany us as well? Miss Bingley is coming and she will need someone to walk with." Miss Elizabeth asked Mr. Darcy. Darcy was of two minds. He wanted to go with them because this may be his only chance to apologize to Miss Elizabeth. However, he did not want to go because that means he will have to put up with Miss Bingley. "Are you sure this is wise, Miss Elizabeth? You have had a bad experience surely you should rest?" Darcy inquired, anxiously. Miss Elizabeth nodded her head and Darcy saw that she could not be convinced otherwise. "Very well, Miss Elizabeth. I will accompany you on this fine evening." Darcy gave a tilt of his head and a slight lift of his lips to resemble a smile. Darcy and Miss Elizabeth's eyes settled upon one another and the two recipients managed to lose track of time as they searched each other's eyes. "Marvellous," Mr. Bennet exclaimed. He gently took a hold of Miss Elizabeth's arm and helped her to her feet. They walked towards the door. Mr. Darcy offered his arm to Miss Bingley and they left the room; following Mr. Bennet and Miss Elizabeth. The garden path was lit with lanterns which followed the path down to the river at the end of the grounds. It was breath taking. Especially since it has stopped raining, Mr. Darcy thought. Mr. Darcy heard a throat clearing and realized that Miss Bingley was trying to get his attention. "Forgive me, Miss Bingley. I was miles away," Mr. Darcy apologized, sincerely. "I understand. I merely wanted to tell you that Louisa and I have apologized to Miss Elizabeth for the way we treated her." Miss Bingley stated. Mr. Darcy frowned, confused. "Very good, Miss Bingley; however, I have no idea what that has to do with me." Mr. Darcy stated. "I see the way you look at her, Mr. Darcy. Like the earth has been set on fire and it is the most beautiful thing you have ever seen." Miss Bingley laughed softly and smiled. "You love her," She started and looked down at the path below them. "Miss Bingley, I…" Mr. Darcy started, but was cut off. "Mr. Darcy, please, do not lie to me. I know that look in your eyes that appears every time you look at her," Miss Bingley raised an eyebrow, daring him to object. "I know it is love because I have wanted to get that look off of you for many years. You have that look when you look at Miss Darcy and your prized horses. However, it is more intense and more fleeting with Miss Bennet because…" Miss Bingley's eyes turned sorrowful. "You do not want her to know. So you are rude to her and you push her away. When really…You should be fighting to keep her." Miss Bingley reasoned. Mr. Darcy sighed and tightened his jaw to keep himself in check. "I must confess to you that I am not sure how I feel about her. It may well be that my eyes and body tell you one thing but my mind tells me another. Also, your brother does not think in the same way as you do," Mr. Darcy explained. "He believes that I have probably ruined my chances of gaining Miss Elizabeth's… affection and that I should go back to Pemberley. He thinks that I should place my trust in letters explaining my behaviour and apologizing for all that I have done to her." Mr. Darcy looked to the stars and sighed again. "I do not want to do that. I want to stay here." "Do not listen to my brother. He is the worst person to ask; for he has fallen in love with many and all of them ended in heartbreak. He is just looking out for your welfare; he means it all in the best way. I understand where he is coming from." Miss Bingley said. "So do I." Mr. Darcy agreed. "Good, because you cannot keep pushing people away and keep expecting them to come back. I think you should stay and explain to Miss Elizabeth why you acted the way you did. Apologize to her and I know that, if she is the woman I think she is, she will forgive you." Miss Bingley reasoned. "I have an excellent reason for pushing everyone away. You know I do. However, yes, that does not excuse my behaviour to Miss Elizabeth. I cannot nor will not expect her to forgive me for what I have done due to my past." Mr. Darcy argued. "Now that is true," Miss Bingley agreed. Mr. Darcy glared dead ahead and kept his face there. From the corner of his eye, he could see Miss Bingley is studying him. He raised his eyebrow in wonder and slight annoyance. "Is this about Miss DuBois? The way you have been acting is down to her, I know it." When Mr. Darcy did not disagree, Miss Bingley sighed. "This is all because of that idiot child? When are you going to realize that that was not your fault? She was completely to blame." "That may be so, Miss Bingley, but she did not deserve to be separated from her family. It was my fault that had happened and it is my fault that she is dead." Mr. Darcy snapped. He took in a deep breath and looked at the stars once again. He let all the air out once he was calm. "It wasn't your fault it was hers and that Mr. Wickham's fault. You were just a victim." Miss Bingley said. Mr. Darcy shook his head, "Her brothers do not think so." "Both Mr. Heralds have been gone for years. You know they are not coming back." Miss Bingley said. "That does not stop me from worrying. Gregory is a very violent man and if anyone related to me in any way, be it wife, sister, friend or other family relatives, were discovered by him. He will kill them. He hates me." Darcy sighed, "I just do not know why he blames me." "Mr. Darcy, May I walk with you?" Darcy heard someone ask. He looked up and saw the very expressive eyes of Miss Elizabeth Bennet. "Of course, Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Darcy said. He turned to Miss Bingley and he asked, with his eyes, if it was alright with her. "Absolutely," Miss Bingley smiled to Miss Elizabeth and let go of Darcy's arm. She smiled at Mr. Darcy and said, "Remember what I said, Mr. Darcy. Do not be afraid." Mr. Darcy nodded and watched as she went and joined Mr. Bennet. Darcy turned to Miss Elizabeth and offered his arm, "Madam." Elizabeth smiled and gently touched his arm. They continued walking down the path towards the river. "Mr. Darcy, I…" Miss Elizabeth said. At the same time Mr. Darcy said "Miss Elizabeth, I need…" They both stopped and looked at each other. They huffed out a laugh in embarrassment. "You first, Mr. Darcy," Miss Elizabeth encouraged. "Thank you, Miss Elizabeth," Mr. Darcy said as he looked to the floor. Fear ripped its way through his body as he went to begin. "I owe you a very belated and very large apology for the way I have acted towards you. I know I cannot say anything that would warrant my mislead attack upon your person. I was vicious, callous and unforgiving when I regarded you that evening." "Will you share with me what had led to you being so rude?" Miss Elizabeth asked. In this moment she did not care if she was being rude, herself, she just wanted a straight answer out of the man. "I will not," Mr. Darcy's face hardened and his frame became rigid. "Then you are obviously not sorry enough," Miss Elizabeth looked away from Mr. Darcy and she felt anger bubble inside her. "Miss Elizabeth, I am sorry. I just will not tell you right now, what it is that made act that way. Because that would mean I would have to divulge some of my history and I am not sure you are well enough for that. Forgive me." Miss Elizabeth turned to the man before her. His poker face was up again and he kept it there. Elizabeth sighed, "Very well, Mr. Darcy. I will forgive you, but only when you tell me your reasons. Till then I will give you the benefit of the doubt. Just do not let it happen again," Mr. Darcy nodded and Miss Elizabeth yawned. She quickly slapped her hand over her mouth and said "Forgive me, Mr. Darcy. I am very tired, for, it has been… a long day," Sorrow filled Elizabeth's eyes and fear gripped her soul. It had been a long day indeed. "I think I may retire now." "I will fetch your father for you." Mr. Darcy led her to the bench they were walking past and sat her down, softly. Elizabeth nodded and watched as Mr. Darcy walked, quickly, after Mr. Bennet and Miss Bingley who were situated by the river. As she watched the night pass around her, she wondered once again how she had ended up in Mr. Bingley's home. All she could remember was Mr. Heralds above her and Mr. Darcy's name on her lips. Who was her saviour? Will she ever know? Hopefully, she will. So, she can thank them and hopefully have someone to talk to about what had happened to her. Hopefully, she will find a knight in shining armour or a friend at the end of her discoveries. I am sure I will find out on the morrow, Elizabeth reasoned with herself as her father came to her side. I always do, she thought as her father and she started their walk back inside with Mr. Darcy and Miss Bingley are following. They seemed to be having a very heated discussion. "Good night, Miss Eliza. I hope you are better in the morning" Miss Bingley called to Elizabeth. "Good night, Miss Bingley, Mr. Darcy," Elizabeth called back and ascended the stairs to her temporary room. Her hand pressed tight into her father's arm; willing herself to never let go.
The tears worsened and she had felt the urge to throw something against the ornately decorated walls. The thought that the room was not her own caused her to come back to her senses. At least, she came back to her senses, enough, to place the very beautiful 15th Century vase onto the worktop that she had obviously got it from. Her thoughts were scattered all over the place. The main question that all her thoughts led to, however, was 'what in the world does this have to do with Mr. Darcy?' Elizabeth was adamant the Mr. Heralds had grunted something about Mr. Darcy. But she just could not remember what and it was leaving a really sick feeling in her stomach. What if he was the organizer of this assault? Elizabeth wondered. I mean, it would make perfect sense. He absolutely hates me and for no apparent reason. Elizabeth fell onto the bed as she felt the anger, frustration and fear building up. Once she was lying down, her limbs became stiff with tension and the urge to scream became unbearable. So she did just that. Elizabeth buried her head in the beautifully crocheted pillow at the head of the bed and let go of her tormented screams. The tears mixed in with her screams made it very difficult for her not to choke. Not that she cared anymore because she has nothing left. The man had just waltzed into her life and completely destroyed her and her reputation. Death would be so much easier than having to tell her family of her disgrace and if she was allowed one prayer, that she knew would be answered, that would be it. Death would most definitely be her wish. Flashbacks suddenly rendered Elizabeth immobile. "What do you want, sir?" Elizabeth had asked. "Well, that is easy, Miss Bennet, I want you." He had said. "I want you" kept ringing through her thoughts as she replayed the horrific scene. The burning sensation of the man ripping away her innocence and the evil sneer on his face. The way he pounded her body into the ground with his fists and legs. The way he ripped at her scalp with his claw like grip. The horrific sound of her screams plaguing her with no certainty of rescue. The words "No wonder Monster Darcy is falling for you" joined the echo of "I want you"s. Combined with Elizabeth's screams and the continuous burning and pain, it was a fate worse than death. Elizabeth is ripped from her flashbacks by an insistent pounding upon her door. Her mother's shrill voice echoed from the hallway and Elizabeth stiffened again. This really was not the time for her mother to begin asking questions; all of which Elizabeth had no will to answer. If she would not tell her father then she will not tell her mother. She will only do it when she is ready. And right now, she is not. "Lizzie, sweetheart, may I come in? Please?" Her voice sounded desperate and Elizabeth had not the heart to tell her no. Elizabeth took a few deep breaths to calm her voice and her body. After five minutes of that she called out to her mama to enter the room. Once her mother entered the room, Elizabeth was crushed into a bear like grip. Elizabeth winced and let out a small whimper, which made her mother quickly rip her arms away as if she was burned. Elizabeth looked at her mother and saw that tears were filling her eyes. "Mama, do not cry. Please? I am safe and sound. You do not have to worry." Elizabeth insisted. "Oh my child, look at you, you are covered in cuts and bruises. I am so glad Mr. Darcy found you when he did. Otherwise, I fear that I would not be speaking to you now." Mrs. Bennet had let out a small whimper into her handkerchief and began flapping it. Elizabeth, however, was frozen stiff. "Mr.… Mr. Darcy saved me?" Elizabeth asked unbelievingly. Mrs. Bennet nodded and covered her face with her handkerchief and let out a very loud sob. Elizabeth wrapped her, long suffering, mama in her arms and rocked gently back and forth. Mrs. Bennet hung to her daughter as she shook from her sobs and Elizabeth placed a gentle kiss upon her forehead. "I am so sorry, Mama. I should have listened to you," Elizabeth cried into her mother's hair. "You have done nothing wrong, my Angel. It was whoever did this to you." Mrs. Bennet reached up and touched her daughter's bruised cheek. "Your father said that you injuries were not visible. Yet your face is literally purple and swollen. I believe he needs new glasses," Mrs. Bennet said to lighten the mood. Elizabeth giggled with her mother, but then fell silent. "The bruises on my face only came up this morning. Last night they were merely red marks. Nothing substantial enough to be seen in the starlight." Elizabeth explained. "Are you telling me, that your father allowed you to go walking so shortly after your attack?" Mrs. Bennet exclaimed in anguish. "He did," Mrs. Bennet was getting redder and redder as her anger increased. She opened her mouth to begin yelling, but Elizabeth beat her to it. "Only because he did not know the full extent of my injuries. I would not allow the doctor to tell him." "Why ever not?" Mrs. Bennet asked. "Because…" Elizabeth stopped. She could not tell her mother. Not yet. She had to think of something. "I did not want to worry him or you. You have enough to deal with and I knew that it would not do Father's health any good if he was burdened with my pain." "He is your father. He deserves to know, as do I. You cannot make that decision for us. What happened to you?" Mrs. Bennet asked in fear. "I was attacked by a…" Elizabeth tried to come up with something easy to swallow. "A highway robber." Elizabeth said, "He was hoping I had some money and when I did not; he attacked me. I of course fought back and ran away… which was how I ended up on Netherfield grounds. He caught up with me and beat me until I was unconscious." That was as close to the truth as Elizabeth was going to allow. "Oh my poor baby," Mrs. Bennet wrapped Elizabeth in her arms like Elizabeth had done with her. She seemed to have bought the lie. "We will find the man that did this to you, and we will have him brought to justice. I promise." Elizabeth felt fresh tears spring from her eyes and her heart filled with pain at her lies and her mother's naïvety. "Thank you Mama." "Do not even think of it, my dear. However, this does leave us in a rather… delicate condition. I am not sure how society will take in the news. This could go either way. But I am adamant that nothing drastic will happen. Like you being shunned from Society." Mrs. Bennet laughed at the absurdity. Elizabeth winced, "Glad to hear that, Mama." They sat in silence for a while before Elizabeth began feeling awkward and ashamed. "Mama, I would very much appreciate it if you would leave me for a while. I feel rather exhausted and I really need some sleep." Mrs. Bennet nodded and kissed Elizabeth's head. "Alright, Sleep well, my darling Lizzie. I love you." "Thank you Mama," Elizabeth said. She lay back down on her side and closed her eyes. Just as her mother reached the door Elizabeth sat up. "Wait, Mama!" She exclaimed. Mrs. Bennet turned and raised an eyebrow. "I love you too," Elizabeth said. Mrs. Bennet's face lit up with happiness and she nodded. "Goodnight my beautiful child," Mrs. Bennet whispered as Elizabeth lay back down and closed her eyes. The door swiftly closed separating Elizabeth from the world outside of her, private, living hell.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last Time: Separating Elizabeth from the world outside of her, private, living hell. Mrs. Bennet stood outside Elizabeth's room for a few more minutes and then, when she was satisfied her daughter was asleep, she fled from the landing. Tears were flowing down her cheeks and her anger was seeping through every pore in her body. How could he be so stupid? Mrs. Bennet thought; referring to her idiotic husband. She was seething to say the least and she was desperately sad. Did Elizabeth really think her mama was that naïve? Mrs. Bennet knew her daughter enough to know that she was hiding something from her. The haunted look in her eye gave her away in an instant. What did that… bastard do to her? Mrs. Bennet groped around for possibilities, but just came up with absurd ideas which would get Elizabeth in heaps of trouble. Mrs. Bennet finally reached the breakfast room where Mr. Bennet, Jane, Mr. Bingley, Miss Bingley, Mrs. Hurst and Mr. Hurst were all situated. The younger Bennet girls had been left at home the night before. Both Miss and Mrs. Bennet thought it would be quite unfair to subject Elizabeth to her sisters' lack of control when in company. Thus, just she and Jane had come to the Netherfield house before sunrise that very morning. "Good Morning, Mrs. Bennet. It is lovely to see you again after so long. I am sorry that it could not be under better circumstances," Mr. Bingley said as he stood and bowed to Mrs. Bennet. A slight smile graced her face at the man's politeness, but it did not stay long. "It is nice to see you again, as well." She curtsied to him and then to Miss Bingley and her sister and Mr. Hurst. They all rose and exchanged greetings with her as well and then offered her a place at the large table that they were all eating around. She graciously took the seat next to her husband and looked at the food spread out on the table. "Thank you ever so much for your kind hospitality, Miss Bingley." Mrs. Bennet said to Miss Bingley. "You are welcome. I wish nothing more than to be of some assistance seeing as the…" Miss Bingley stuttered and gaped for another word, finding none. "The attack was on our lands." She finished lamely and bowed her head. "Yes, well," Mrs. Bennet said with a slight frown on her face. "It was not your fault, thus, it is wrong of us to impose on you like this." "Nonsense," Mr. Bingley intoned. "Miss Elizabeth is…" He looked at his lap, his features held sadness. He then looked at Jane and continued; his words somewhat strengthened in their resolve. "Miss Elizabeth is our friend, ma'am; as are all of your daughters and, you, yourselves." He stated to Mr. and Mrs. Bennet. Mrs. Bennet blushed, becomingly and thanked him for his graciousness. She dared a fleeting glance at her husband and anger rose back to the forefront of her mind. She looked down at her plate and suddenly lost her appetite. "Are you not going to eat, Mama?" Jane asked, gently. "I find myself rather un-hungry, Jane." Mrs. Bennet looked at her daughter. Jane's face drained of colour. Upon seeing this, Mr. Bennet swung his head in her direction. "Are you alright, my dear?" Mr. Bennet asked with fear filling his voice. "Nothing a good walk won't clear," Mrs. Bennet, let out, with a tight smile. Mr. Bennet flinched and the other people around the dinner table looked at their plates. "It is Elizabeth, isn't it?" Mr. Bennet leaned forward. "What's wrong with her?" Mrs. Bennet gave him a ferocious glare. Mr. Bennet sank back in his chair. Mrs. Bennet grew angrier and knew she was about to burst out with; If you cared you would not have let her out last night. But looked at the other occupants of the room and settled with, "It is not a matter we should discuss at the dinner table, Mr. Bennet," The words came out hissed through her teeth. "Very," Mr. Bennet squeaked out and broke off. He straightened in his chair and cleared his throat. "Very well, Mrs. Bennet, may we speak after breakfast?" He inquired, minutely backing away in his chair. "If we must, Mr. Bennet," Then she smiled warmly at the other occupants of the room and excused herself from the table. Once she was outside the room she fled to the garden before the tears grew even more pronounced. She berated herself for being so emotional, but how could one not be when one of their babies was lying in a bed, exploding with negative energy and fighting to win against the darkness. When the safe haven, which was her body, had been destroyed so… drastically. Mrs. Bennet felt nausea, take its hold upon her empty stomach and she almost brought up what little she had, had, for dinner the night before. How could someone be so cruel to a girl so young as Lizzie? What was her crime? Her beauty? Must she always suffer at the hands of nature for something she has no control over? The questions filled Mrs. Bennet's head and blacked out her vision almost completely. She, finally, guessed exactly what happened to Elizabeth. It was hard not to. Oh dear, she thought heavily, I believe I am going to faint. "Mrs. Bennet?" A voice called through the fog in Mrs. Bennet's head. "You need to calm yourself Mrs. Bennet. This cannot be very good for your health," She realized who the voice belonged to and sought some kind of hold upon the man as her grief and panic took over her body. "Mrs. Bennet, I need you to listen to me and copy what I do, alright?" Mrs. Bennet tried to move her head in the affirmative but could not. Mr. Darcy seemed to understand anyway. "Okay, I need you to take deep breaths for me," When Mr. Darcy realized that the woman could not grasp what he meant, he showed her. "Breathe with me," He took in a deep breath and Mrs. Bennet copied as much as she could. " 1… 2… 3… 4… 5… and out. Well done Mrs. Bennet; now let's do that again." They carried on with the exercises for at least ten minutes. Until, all that remained in Mrs. Bennet's countenance of the previous experience was a slight gasping between her sobs. Mr. Darcy touched the woman in front of him as much as society would allow; which was a gentle tap upon the hand. It seemed to calm and reassure Mrs. Bennet none the less. He came and sat next to her on the bench. "I am ter-r-ribly sorry, M-M-Mr. Darcy, for ruining y-your m-morning stroll." Mrs. Bennet gasped out. Her tears had begun to ebb and her face slowly returned to its natural colour; for it had turned almost blue with the lack of oxygen she was getting into her body. "Do not apologize, for you were a very welcomed distraction from my disastrous morning walk. I am just saddened that I have found you in such a state of disrepair." Mr. Darcy comforted with a small, soft, smile upon his face. The smile made him look years younger. "Would you like to speak about it, Mrs. Bennet?" "Oh," She gasped. "Do not worry yourself, Mr. Darcy. It is merely a mother worrying for her d-daughter." She cried as the word 'daughter' escaped her willing lips. "Is it Miss Elizabeth? Is she alright?" Mr. Darcy asked, panicked. "As alright as she should be, considering. She told me what happened to her and yet I know there is something she is hiding from me. It is a mother's instinct to know when something is bothering her babe." She whispered, staring out to the long garden which Mr. Darcy had been writing in not twenty minutes ago. "She told the doctor not to tell me or her father what her injuries are and the extent of the trauma she had been induced. Then her father being the silly ass that he is, if you pardon the expression, sir, took our daughter out after she had just returned home from being beaten to a pulp. All because the un-qualified doctor said he could." "The doctor was un-qualified?" Darcy asked, incensed. "Who was the doctor?" Mrs. Bennet countered. "Dr Gordon James," Darcy supplied. Mrs. Bennet lets out a loud guffaw. "That buffoon! It is a surprise Elizabeth is not dead!" Mrs. Bennet exclaimed. Darcy could see the fear and anger in her eyes and he knew that she would not lie about something like this. "You must forgive me, madam, for we sent out for the nearest available doctor there was." Mr. Darcy apologized. "There is a reason why he was available," Mrs. Bennet said underneath her breath. Both parties laughed at her comment, but their mirth quickly dissolved. "It is not your fault, Mr. Darcy," Mrs. Bennet sighed. "It was mine, as her mother. I should have been there to protect her. Mr. Darcy," She turned and looked into his eyes, pleading. "There are things that a mother knows, that many can never guess. The eyes are the most expressive part of the body and they are the part a mother knows well. The mother can guess anything from just one look. Her eyes… they are… they were dead, Mr. Darcy. There was nothing in them except a small flicker of deep rooted agony. This tells me more about what happened out there than Elizabeth ever could." She looked at her lap and tears spread over her cheeks once again. "She was not only beaten, but she was… raped as well, Mr. Darcy. And I cannot stop thinking that it is all my fault." She let out a gut wrenching cry and folded in upon herself. Darcy sat frozen, staring, disbelief a strong thought in his mind. It could not be true and yet Mrs. Bennet was so adamant that it was. Why on earth would she tell him this? Surely she knows what would happen if the society was to get wind of this. Mrs. Bennet guessed, from his silence and then from the look upon his face, exactly what he was thinking. "I know I should not be telling you this, for it a matter for my family and myself. But… I see that you care for her and that you really want to know. I would never tell if I believed you would betray her to the community." "That is a drastic accusation to make, Mrs. Bennet." Mr. Darcy breathed. "And yet it is blatantly obvious," Mrs. Bennet sighed. "It is all my fault." "None of this is of your doing. You should not blame yourself… but you should blame me. For I am more to blame than you ever will be." Mr. Darcy stated. "What on earth do you mean, Sir?" Mrs. Bennet asked, fear very evident in her eyes. "I was with her before her attack," Mr. Darcy explained, ashamed. Mrs. Bennet gasped. "I should have taken her home and protected her from whatever was lurking around, waiting for her. But my damn feelings got in the way. I am so sorry for the way I treated your family and you. But mostly for the way I treated Miss Elizabeth." Mr. Darcy looked down, ashamed. "I believed that she would rather walk on swords than have me, a blackguard, a heathen, walk her home after I treated her so badly. I am no better than that Bastard… Begging your pardon, madam, I did not mean to curse." Mr. Darcy berated himself. "It is quite alright. I have used the same vocabulary myself." Mr. Darcy looked at her with his eyebrow raised. She blushed and Darcy noticed that she was quite an attractive woman. "In my head, of course." Darcy laughed softly and then stopped, abruptly. He looked at his lap. "I am no better than him. Like he ripped her clothes from her body, I ripped the pride from her personality." Mr. Darcy sighed. "I feel as if she has bewitched my heart, yet I know she has not. In just a few weeks, I have gone from hating her very essence to feeling like she was the one. Like my life will never be whole without her. In just a short number of days, she has become my reason for living and I cannot understand how. How can one go from sprouting dirt about a person's character to sprouting love and all beautiful about them the next. I do not blame her if she hates me. For I certainly do," He finished, his eyes were stinging; but the sting faded as he willed himself to stay strong. "Let us make a deal, Mr. Darcy," Mrs. Bennet intoned. Her hand gently touching his arm. He looked at her confused, "What?" "Let us make a deal that I shall no longer blame Mr. Bennet and myself, if you no longer blame yourself." Mrs. Bennet lay out the terms. "I do not blame you and you do not blame me; so let us not blame ourselves. Let us just blame the man that did this to my daughter, agreed?" She inquired, raising her hand between them. "Agreed," Mr. Darcy shook her outstretched hand. "Good. Now, I must go and speak with my husband about my qualms and annoyances. Whilst I am doing that, I want you to go and visit Elizabeth." Mrs. Bennet said. Mr. Darcy sat up straighter and his mask was back upon his face. "I cannot, madam, propriety will not allow it." "What does that matter? Especially since you will be asking for her hand…" Mrs. Bennet hinted at Darcy. "What are you saying, madam?" Mr. Darcy inquired, a slight quiver of excitement and apprehension floated through him. "I am saying that if you wish to still take Elizabeth as your wife, you have my blessing. When or if you go to see Mr. Bennet about marriage, I promise that he will give his blessing too." Mrs. Bennet explained with a smile on her lips. "I thank you, Mrs. Bennet, it means a lot. However, I do not believe that Miss Elizabeth is that way inclined towards me." Mr. Darcy said, he doesn't mention about Mrs. Bennet's comment about him not wanting to take Elizabeth as his wife. For nothing would ever change his opinion or feelings for Miss Elizabeth. Society be damned. "Poppycock. Elizabeth feels as strongly for you as you do for her. I suppose you should apologize first..." She raised her eyebrow at him and he smiled sheepishly. "But she will forgive you easily. I know she will." She finished. "If you are sure," he said, uncertain. "I am sure, Mr. Darcy," She said. "Call me Darcy, please, or Fitzwilliam." Mr. Darcy begged. He does not care if it is improper, this woman may one day become his mother-in-law. And at this very moment, she is one of Darcy's friends and allies. "Darcy it is," She smiled. "You must call me Francis," She stated, conspiratorially, with a wink. "Of course, Francis," He smiled at the older woman and offered her his arm. Mrs. Bennet took his arm and they made their way back into the house. As soon as they were inside, Mr. Bennet came and carted his wife away into the study. The last thing he saw of Francis was her eye roll she sent his way. Darcy laughed and then headed towards the steps. He stopped, one foot on the first step and thought, am I really doing this? He already knew the answer and he knew that he would not rest until Elizabeth's attacker was found. He would not stop apologizing to Elizabeth for the way he treated her; for she deserved to be showered with flowers and butterflies and all things beautiful. And he promised to make her feel safe and proud to be herself, once again. He began to climb the stairs with that thought at the forefront of his mind. For Elizabeth deserved that much… and much, much, more. He thought, coming to rest at the top of the stair case.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: For Elizabeth deserved that much… and much, much, more,He thought, coming to rest at the top of the stair case. Darcy took a deep breath to calm the emotions that were raging inside of him. He thought that he could hear Elizabeth's heartbeat through the door, though it could have easily have been his own. What was he supposed to say to her? 'I apologise for how I treated you when we first met. Now, since I saved your life, will you become my wife?' He couldn't possibly. For one it is a completely uncouth way of asking a woman to give up her freedom to you and two there is no way she would accept it. Not with all the grief he has given her. He began to pace. How could he possibly talk to her without sounding like a complete and utter fool? You have done enough that already, Darcy's thoughts supplied, unhelpfully. Darcy rolled his eyes. He stops pacing and runs a hand through his hair in frustration. I know what I will do. I will walk in there and say 'I apologise for the way I mistreated you. I hope you can forgive me.' Hopefully that would be enough. Though I severely doubt it. I have already tried it once and it did nothing to help the situation. He thought, disheartendly. There was only one way to find out if the same would happen again. Staring at the imposing door, which led to the chamber in which Elizabeth slumbered, he took a deep breath and reached out to knock. His arm froze mid-way as a rather depressing thought filled his mind. What if she rejects him? What if she finds him severely lacking in all areas which makes a man a gentleman? It would be fair, after the way he had acted. He wouldn't be surprised if she thought him a complete Neanderthal. A groan of pain cut through his thoughts like a knife. Elizabeth, Darcy thought, anguished. He knocked on her door and he heard a small 'Enter'. Taking a deep breath, he opened the door. The sight he beheld made him stop dead in his tracks. Her face was unrecognisable through the many bruises and the swelling that adorned her face. Her arms were cut and painted black and blue to match her face. Her collar bone was sticking through the skin slightly and he saw red marks around her flawless throat. The bastard strangled her, Darcy growled. "Are you finished looking, sir?" Elizabeth said with some bite. "I know I look disgusting and ugly; so I do not need you coming in here and telling me it is so." Elizabeth glared and Darcy inwardly flinched. "Why are you here, Mr. Darcy? It isn't very proper of you to be in a young maiden's room with no escort." Just at that minute, Mrs. Bennet waltzed in and smiled at her daughter. "I am his escort, my child. I am the one who allowed him to be in here." Mrs. Bennet turned her smile to Darcy and he could not stop himself from smiling back. He was glad she was here. Darcy turned back to Elizabeth to see her frowning in confusion. He decided now was the time to speak to her. "I have come to apologise, again, for the way I treated you when we first met." Elizabeth's face turned sour. "I told you, Mr. Darcy, the only way you could ever get me to understand or even begin to think about forgiving you is to tell me why." Elizabeth seemed to be close to tears and Darcy, yet again, berated himself for being a complete and utter fool. "Why did you say those things and treat me as if I was just some piece of dirt you had found yourself walking upon?" She asked with her eyes cast down and her voice, only just, above a whisper. Mr. Darcy looked upon Elizabeth and felt even more ashamed than he already was. He had hurt this woman so badly just because he was a complete and utter prat to her. He had never felt like such a failure. "Miss Elizabeth, there is absolutely nothing I can say that can ever excuse the way I acted. I know you ask of me to tell you why I treated you thus, however I cannot say for I do not know myself. I would willingly move mountains and constellations to provide you with an answer; but there simply isn't a justified reason." Darcy looked down at the floor and felt the guilt weigh even more on his shoulders. "I know I am repeating myself in my apologies but I am telling you the full truth. This you know for my story has not strayed. Now, there are some… past experiences in my life that may have fuelled my behaviour but they are not something I can share to just anyone." Miss Elizabeth sat, staring at Darcy for longer than was necessary and he felt himself squirm under the constant scrutiny. Darcy was fit to combust when Miss Elizabeth finally nodded. "I understand, Mr. Darcy. I do hear what you are saying but you must forgive me when I find it difficult to accept your story. I want so much to trust you, but I find that my mind tells me not to. I cannot simply accept your explanation without a valid reason for such behaviour. I know I am making this out to be bigger than it needs to be, but…" Elizabeth looked at her lap and her shoulders shook with a silent sob. "You hurt me." She whispered, finally. The words were so soft that Darcy almost missed them. He wished he hadn't heard them. But, alas, he had and this caused his heart to shatter. "I know I did." Darcy walked to Miss Elizabeth's bedside and knelt down by her middle. He, then, grabbed onto her small, soft, hand and bent his head over it. "Therefore, I make this promise to you. As God and your mother are my witnesses, I promise to make it up to you. I promise to be a better person and a loyal friend to you. Will you give me this chance? Will you allow us to begin again?" Mr. Darcy looked into her expressive eyes and saw the many emotions flitting through them. Darcy turned his worried gaze unto Mrs. Bennet and saw that she had tears in her eyes. She offered him a small smile and he knew that his little speech was powerful enough. He just hoped Elizabeth agreed. He gradually, turned his gaze towards Elizabeth, again, and saw that her eyes were calculating. She watched his every move like a hunting hawk and he felt obliged to open up to her. He dropped his mask and let his emotions flit across his features. Elizabeth's breath hitched and he felt his heart stutter. Slowly, Elizabeth began to nod, "My name is Miss Elizabeth Bennet, and you are?" Darcy laughed with relief; she was giving him another chance. Do not muck this up Darcy! He thought to himself. His face broke into a broad grin and he bowed his head again. "My name is Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy. It is a pleasure to meet you, Miss Elizabeth." Elizabeth's answering grin stole Darcy's breath. "It is a pleasure to meet you too, Mr. Darcy. I hope this means that we are going to be good friends." Elizabeth said with her eyebrow raised. "Of course," Darcy nodded with a smile. "But this does mean that you will have to call me Darcy or Fitzwilliam because I do not like when my friends," At this he flickered his gaze to Mrs. Bennet, to let her know that he meant her too. "Or allies call me Mr. Darcy. Mr. Darcy was my father and I would much prefer to be referred to by name." He stated. "Well then, I suppose I can make an exception." Elizabeth joked, though it lacked any kind of flare which she usually used when she joked. "Would you do me the honour of calling me Elizabeth?" She asked as a blush began to colour her cheeks. "Of course I will," He grinned. His heart was doing flips inside his chest and he felt that he was close to bursting from joy. Elizabeth smiled as well, but then she yawned. She looked absolutely exhausted and Darcy knew he had kept her long enough. "You will have to forgive me, Elizabeth, I seem to have taken up most of your resting time. Therefore, I shall leave you now." Elizabeth grabbed his hand and fear spread through her eyes, "I don't want to sleep." When her words registered, she blushed profusely, "I mean I like talking to you." She tried to cover up her mistake, but this just served to worry Darcy more. "I would gladly stay but I must go to see Bingley about travel arrangements. You also need your sleep," Darcy said, regretfully. He saw the deep sadness in her eyes and looked at Mrs. Bennet. Her face was a picture of worry and understanding. A mother always knows, rang through his head and caused him to reconsider his statement. "Who is traveling?" Elizabeth inquired. "I am," Darcy stated. He watched as Elizabeth's face fell with disappointment. "What's wrong?" "Oh, nothing, I just thought that we might spend some time talking to each other as I grow stronger. I thought that was the point of me forgiving you." She said with a slight shrug. "It was, only, I received a letter from my housekeeper, this morning, telling me that my sister has taken ill. Therefore, I must return to Pemberley post haste. I hope you can forgive me this once?" Darcy pleaded. "Of course, of course. How long will you be gone?" She asked, concerned. "I shall be away for a month at least. This is so I can look over my land and sort any other problems that have occurred since I have been away. I shall return as soon as I can and I will bring my sister so you may meet her. Would you like that?" Darcy inquired, sheepishly. "Very much, thank you." Elizabeth said with a soft smile. "Grand, grand. I shall leave you now. The sooner I leave, the sooner I return and then we can speak to each other and sort everything out." He smiled and rose to his feet. He turned to Mrs. Bennet, "Will you join me, Francis?" "I shall be down soon, you go on ahead, Darcy." She said and sat in the chair at the corner of the room. "Very well, Good day Francis, Elizabeth." He bowed and left the room. Elizabeth sat watching the door that Darcy had left through, in confusion. Elizabeth looked at her mother and saw that her mother was staring at her lap. Words bubbled from her lips, "Why did Mr. Darcy call you Francis? And why did you call him Darcy?" her head was beginning to hurt. Her mother looked at her and smiled softly, "We are friends. Just as you and he are." "…Friends?" Elizabeth could not wrap her head around the thought. "Yes… Friends," Her mother stated, exasperatedly. "He found me outside after I finished speaking with you. He comforted me and I him and now we are friends. Bonded over one thing… You," Mrs. Bennet stated. Elizabeth blushed and avoided looking at her mother. "You lied to me." Mrs. Bennet had burst out. "Sorry? Lied about what?" Elizabeth asked with apprehension. "About what that man did to you." Elizabeth's entire body froze and the air left her lungs. "I am not a fool, Lizzie. I can see it in your eyes," Her mother said and came over to sit next to Elizabeth on the bed. "W-What exactly do y-you think happened?" Elizabeth asked, hoping that it was not what she thought her mother was saying. "He…He…" She let out all of her breath and buried her head in her hands. Her shoulders began to shake from her tears. "He raped you…" She whispered at last. Elizabeth felt her whole world crash. This cannot be if her mother had guessed, then surely everyone else had as well. "That is a wild assumption to make, Mother." Elizabeth stated breathlessly. Mrs. Bennet looked up, into Elizabeth's eyes, and said "Then tell me I am wrong." Elizabeth's mouth was gaping open and her jaw kept moving; thus she ended up looking like a fish out of water. Her mother's eyes dulled and she smiled, grimly, "See, you cannot." She stated matter-of-factly. Tears fell down Elizabeth's cheeks and she felt her body grow heavier, as her breathing became more laboured. Her mother wrapped Elizabeth in her arms and rocked her back and forth, murmuring soft comforts into her hair. She gradually calmed down. "Who else knows?" Elizabeth asked, scared of the answer. "Mr. Darcy." Her mother said nonchalantly. Elizabeth felt as if the bed had just been taken out from under her. How can he know? That simply is not possible. Then it hit her like a ton of bricks… "You told him." She whispered, brokenly. "Yes I did." Mrs. Bennet said. "Why would you do that?" Lizzie asked, the tears coming down her face forcefully. "You do realise what would happen to me and our family if this got out?.. I… I would be… cast out. Left to the dogs. Why involve someone who has so much to lose?" "Because… He cares for you." Mrs. Bennet stated. "And I trust him not to betray you like that. He is a good man." "Oh , Mama, What am I going to do? I'm scared." Elizabeth cried out. She fell onto her side and curled into a ball against her mother's side. Mrs. Bennet got a gleam in her eye and Elizabeth wanted to shrink underneath the covers and never surface again. She knew that look. "What would you say if Mr. Darcy proposed to you?" She asked. Elizabeth flinched and shrunk back from her mother, "Mr. Darcy could have any woman he wanted. Why would he settle for damaged goods?" Elizabeth asked with resignation in her voice. Mrs. Bennet glared at her daughter's melodrama and touched her face softly. "What if he really wanted to marry you? And you him? Would you say yes?" Elizabeth shook her head, "I could not do that to him. He has so much to lose, I would be the downfall of him and his family." "Don't you dare talk like that, do you hear me?" Her mother chided, with a slight smack on Elizabeth's arm. "If he married you before all of this becomes public knowledge, there is no way that anyone can prove the story to be true. He wants to marry you, not just because he wants to protect you, but because he loves you." "He cannot, I am not worthy of him. I know I always said how he was an awful person but… none of it was true. I have played this man enough, he deserves so much better and I will not trick him into marriage. That I will not do." Elizabeth proclaimed. Mrs. Bennet looked at Elizabeth as if she had grown a second head. "Why would you say such a thing?" "Because I should be the only one burdened with a useless, wasted, tainted life. I do not want to force a man to protect a life that is already gone. I just wish the bast- the man," She corrected, quickly. "Had just killed me instead of making me live this life of hatred and turmoil. I guess this is what people mean when they say 'a fate worse than death'." She laughed, without mirth. This is all that her life is now, a colourless world of pain and servitude to the darkness. "You do not mean that. You cannot mean that." Mrs. Bennet cried. "This is why I was hoping the darkness would take me before anyone would find out. But I see that God is just dealing me harsh blows." Elizabeth whispered. This sounded to Elizabeth like she was losing faith in the Lord and if she loses faith in him, then she really would not have anything left. "God will never desert you and neither will I. No matter what people say, you will always have me, Darcy, your sisters and your father because that is what family is for. None of this situation is your fault and I do not want you blaming yourself for it." Mrs. Bennet vowed. "I promise that we will find the man who did this and we will make his life hell. But for me to do that, I need you to promise me that you will not do anything reckless." She said with a pointed stare. Elizabeth huffed a small laugh and nodded, "I promise I shall not do anything reckless." Elizabeth promised. "Good, now I shall go and see about some breakfast for you. Try to get some sleep." Mrs. Bennet said, softly. "Thank you Mama," Elizabeth embraced her mother and buried her face in her neck. "I love you." "I love you too, my darling child, more than life itself." Her mother kissed her forehead and pushed her, gently, back into her mound of pillows. Her mother walked to the door and, with one last look behind her, she left her daughter to her dreamless sleep which is the first in a while.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last Time:Her mother walked to the door and, with one last look behind her, she left her daughter to her dreamless sleep which was the first in a while. Darcy's departure was the most eye opening experience for Elizabeth. The Bennet's had returned to their abode and they had begun to settle back in when it started. Her dreams began haunting her reality with images of her attacker outside her window. Watching. Just watching; lying in wait for the next moment to attack. This scared Elizabeth to no end. In the days to follow, her mother often discovered Elizabeth in a ball in the corner of the room; too afraid to lift her head. Other times, Elizabeth would scream Darcy's name wishing he would hear her and come back to her. He was the only thing that made sense to Elizabeth at this time. He was the one beacon of light in a world of darkness. She should not have pushed him away like she had; if she had not he would be with her right at this very second. He would comfort her and tell her that the man could no longer harm her. However, she had denied Mr. Darcy forgiveness hence his fast departure to Pemberley. Although, she had forgiven him before he went and she knew that Darcy had left to help his sister run his household. So, surely… she knew he was coming back. She decided she would make it up to him and beg him to never leave her side again. She would accept his marriage proposal if only it meant that he would hold her in his arms and tell her that she was his; no-one else's. But then, in the future, would she come to regret giving him her body and her will? Will he take advantage of her like her attacker had? Would she just be surrendering herself to future beatings, vileness and possessiveness that she had encountered already? No, Elizabeth thought, decisively. Mr. Darcy was a man of morals and pride. He would never act in such an abominable way towards a woman. No matter how low of a woman she was. That was why she trusted him and why she trusted her mother's judgement. They would never allow her to be hurt again. Not for as long as they both breathed the air of the Earth and walked the ground of God. This meant that Elizabeth was safe; for now. With this thought, she fell into a fitful slumber. A slight tapping noise woke her a few hours later. It was coming from the window. Elizabeth sat up, quickly, in bed and reached for a candle that was no longer there. Elizabeth tore her eyes from the bedside when a crash sounded across the room. A rock had been thrown through the glass pane. It had a note tied around it which meant only one thing. Elizabeth rose from her bed and quickly grabbed the river pebble. She sat back on her bed, resting against the headboard and untied the string. When the note fell away, Elizabeth's blood ran cold. It said: 'I am coming for you my pretty little thing'. A shadow began to crawl over her covers, gradually closing the distance between her and it. The smell of Mr. Herald's stale breath attacked her senses and she felt her body being dragged down the bed. She tried kicking and screaming to no avail. The thing surrounded her in its foulness and began pounding like a rabid dog. When her screams began getting louder and the feeling started getting rougher, she noticed a soft voice calling to her. 'Lizzie, Wake up. Lizzie!' Elizabeth's eyes snapped open and the pounding ceased. She bolted up right in bed and the room began to spin causing her stomach to lurch. She was quick enough to reach for her bed pan, which recently sat on her bedside table, and place it under her chin before the contents of her stomach managed to paint the white bed linens in all sorts of ugly colours. Her mother's hand rubbed her back and Jane held her tresses away from her face as she remained doubled over; retching. Her vision began to swim with black spots and her head was thumping continuously. This was what Lizzie woke to pretty much all the time; her stomach protesting and her head swimming with dizziness. Her mother wanted to send for a doctor but Elizabeth would not have it. She was adamant that nothing was wrong with her. "It is simply the shock," Elizabeth would say to her mother on many occasions. But how could she ignore this any longer? This was not right. These feelings do not encroach on a healthy person. They only begin when someone is sick. Or… No, Elizabeth would not go down that route. She could not bear the idea… Not alone. Not like this. "I need Mr. Darcy. Mama, please send for him, it has been weeks." Elizabeth whimpered and reached over into her mother's arms. "I cannot stand this feeling any longer. I feel like I am suffocating. I am drowning in a world that does not understand." She sobbed into her mother's shoulder and felt her elder sister press against her back, embracing her. "There is so much pain and I cannot endure it any longer. I need him. Here. With me. Please?" She pleaded in a broken whisper. Her mother stroked her hair continuously throughout her confession, all the while uttering a simple "Shh". When Elizabeth's tears abated somewhat, her mother began to speak. "I received word from Mr. Bingley, who has been in correspondence with Mr. Darcy, that Mr. Darcy has already begun his journey back." Mrs. Bennet assured her daughter and she slowly began to rock her daughter in her arms. "It seems that something in Mr. Bingley's letters disturbed Mr. Darcy enough to start travelling ahead of time. You won't be alone anymore. He is coming home." Elizabeth let out a soft breath of air and felt her entire being relax. When the images of Elizabeth's dream returned to her, she began to cower. "I am so sorry, Mama. I have let you down; you too, Jane. I have ruined everything." Elizabeth cried in anguish and felt her resolve vanish into thin air. "None of this is your fault, Mo muirnín. You are just a victim," Jane whispered. Elizabeth was so glad that she decided to confide in her sister. Sometimes, there are reassurances that you cannot get from your mother. Ones that you know cannot always be easily bought. Jane and Elizabeth were as close as anything and Elizabeth would never doubt that. But, she must admit that she was surprised, to say the least, that her sister was so… caring. But then again, that is Jane all over. She was as nice as summer blossoms. Elizabeth attempted to smile at her older sister but could not find the strength. "I see your Gaelic lessons are paying off. What does 'Mo muirnín' mean?" Jane smiled at her younger sister, "It means 'my darling'." Elizabeth had felt a weight lift off her shoulders. The endearment, normally, was incredibly sweet but with the rough sounds of the Scottish tongue it was made to sound almost… mystical. At least, that was what it sounded like to Elizabeth. "It is very sweet," Elizabeth voiced her opinion. "Make sure you use it more often. It becomes you." Elizabeth had meant the comment as a joke but as soon as the words were in the air, Elizabeth knew them to be true. Jane would have made a grand Scottish lady. Jane smiled faintly and nodded her head in aquisance whilst mumbling a soft, "as you wish, Mo muirnín." This was enough to bring a smile to Lizzie's face. She then turned to her mother and made one of the hardest decisions. She decided that she could no longer go on feeling ill. She needed help and she needed it fast. If that meant bringing in a doctor, then so be it. "Mother, I have decided to take up your advice. I believe it has long gone past the time for us to find out what is ailing me. So would you be so kind as to send for the doctor?" The look of pure delight and relief fought across her mother's features; dissipating the look of concern and confusion. However, when Mrs. Bennet answered, she made sure none of her feelings, which were on her face, bled through into her words; "As you wish, my child." Mrs. Bennet began to walk towards Elizabeth's door. However, just before she laid a hand on the oak, she turned and looked to her second and eldest daughters. Love blossomed on her features as she watched the two siblings embrace. "Elizabeth," her mother called to her. Elizabeth nodded towards her mother asking her to continue. "Thank you, from the bottom of my heart." In that moment, Elizabeth knew that with the support of her family and friends she would make it through. She just wished that Mr. Darcy would return post haste so that she could begin to patch up their relationship. With Mr. Darcy on the road to Netherfield, The words of Bingley's last letter kept rattling around in Darcy's head. The letter had bid for his hasty return and it wasn't something he was about to ignore. With that resolve in mind, he had sent a letter ahead to Netherfield and started to pack a few belongings. It was too late to leave that evening, thus, Darcy decided to leave the next day. It was a restless night and had left Darcy feeling unnerved. Dear Darcy, The news in which this letter brings is not of good fortune. The matter is most delicate here that I fear I could not wait for you to return in three weeks. Miss Elizabeth's condition is worsening. I have visited her every day, like you requested, and saw no improvement. She seems to be pulling further and further away from reality. Mrs. Bennet fears for her daughter; not that she ever goes into great detail. The fear is in her eyes and the way that she holds herself. It seems that Miss Elizabeth has begun to stop eating and that she can no longer sleep through the evenings. Her face grows more and more gaunt and her cries become more and more frequent. I have never seen the Bennet family look so haggard. They no longer come into town and no longer speak to their friends. The youngest Bennet's have been sent away to their Aunt's home in London because Mr. and Mrs. Bennet fear for their mental state. Lydia and Kitty had begun to withdraw themselves from the family, all except for Miss Elizabeth. They would spend their days sitting by her bedside just holding her hands as she slept. I had never seen them that quiet and it unnerved me. The third eldest, Mary, used to sit by the window in the living room and just stare out of it, waiting for something. When Jane asked, Mary's reply was that she 'was waiting for the inevitable day of Elizabeth's demise'. This frightened Jane and me, as well as Mr. and Mrs. Bennet. The family has changed so drastically that I can scarce believe that it has been a mere four weeks since your departure. I fear what might happen if Miss Elizabeth carries on down this path of destruction. I just know that it might mean the demise of something good, honest and strong. I am sorry to drop this on you, Darcy, but I cannot hold back any longer. Miss Elizabeth and the Bennet's have come to mean so much to me in the last two months. I know it is the same for you too. Please, Darcy, I beg of you to return. Miss Elizabeth needs you. Mrs. Bennet says that you are the only person Miss Elizabeth asks for. She does not ask for the doctor, her father or her sisters. She asks for you. She wants you home and quite frankly so do I. Your dearest friend, Bingley, Master of Netherfield When the morning light broke through, Darcy had fled to his stables and grabbed a hold of his saddled horse and begun a hasty retreat; only barely remembering to leave a message with his steward for his sister. The letter had left Darcy in a state of fear and desperation. He should have known not to leave Elizabeth. He may have thought that she was getting better but that didn't mean that she was. He was such a fool. He saw how she was when he found her and he knew how she asked him to stay. He should have listened. Maybe then she wouldn't have deteriorated so quickly. Either way, none of that negative thinking was helping him reach Elizabeth any quicker. He just needed to stay calm and keep a level head otherwise he could have an accident. Then where would he be? The journey was long and tedious and that did not help to sooth Darcy in any way. He was so far away. What was he thinking, travelling so far away? Obviously he wasn't thinking. Elizabeth needed him and he left her. But then again, his sister needed him as well. What was he meant to do? His family estate had gone on long enough without its master and he knew his steward could not handle to books by himself for much longer. Therefore, he had to return home. He must admit that it was nice seeing his young sister again. She was growing more and more beautiful by the day and Darcy hated that he was away from her for so long. He hated the way that it had been left two months ago when he had left to help Bingley into Netherfield. He should have tried to put it right before he had left but he had been so angry that he hadn't wanted to sort it. He could barely look at Georgiana without remembering that monster's touch upon her. It wasn't her that he was angry with but he had taken it out on her. He could not be any better than Wickham or the man that attacked Elizabeth. Darcy had hurt both his sister and the woman he loved all because he was an arrogant, self-important, pompous arse. Aznavour jostled, roughly, almost throwing Darcy out of his seat. This broke through Darcy's self-shame and made him aware of where he was going. Aznavour seemed to have been teetering on the edge of a ravine which made him come to a sharp stop. Darcy knew this ravine; it was one that was on the grounds of Netherfield. He was almost there. Darcy would finally be able to see Elizabeth again. He looked to the sky and noticed that it was already nightfall. He hadn't realised the hours of the day passing by. Darcy had left Pemberley at first light which meant that he had completed a day and a half of slow horseback riding in a matter of a few hours. That meant that Darcy would not be able to see Elizabeth until tomorrow. Disappointment and agitation begun to unfold within Darcy's chest and he decided to take a moment to breathe and calm down. Getting agitated would not help his situation and would not get him to Elizabeth any sooner. Once he was calm, Darcy made his way around the ravine. It took a good twenty minutes to reach the small bridge that passed over the ravine. But once he found it, Darcy made sure that Aznavour took his time to reach Netherfield. The poor horse was worn out and deserved a moment's respite. There was no reason for Darcy to rush and he was too early for tea anyway, so why not take his time. Thoughts of Elizabeth filled the time it took to get to Netherfield. Darcy thought about her smile, her eyes, her sharp wit and her razor sharp humour. She was captivating and Darcy could not wait until the time when he would call her, his.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: She was captivating and Darcy could not wait until the time when he would call her, his. Right, Elizabeth thought. She could do it. All it took was one step. Elizabeth let out a frustrated huff and looked to the floor of the hallway. She had been stood there for 9 minutes and she had not made any progress. All she wanted to do was step outside into the fresh air and feel the wind gently whistle past her. She had, had enough of that stuffy room. She just needed to breathe. 1…2…3…No! I cannot, Elizabeth jumped away from the large oak door and quickly manoeuvred her shaking form into a chair that sat by the right wall. The fear that Mr. Heralds was out there made Elizabeth's legs turn to jelly. Who was he to ruin a person's life? Elizabeth can barely look outside her window anymore; unless she wanted to have a panic fit. Was this to be her life? Was she to become a prisoner in her own home? She wanted to be free to smell the flowers and feel the grass against her ankles. She wanted to just be free. "Lizzie? What are you doing?" Elizabeth heard Jane call. This caused Elizabeth to jolt as if she had been stung by a bee. Seeing this, Jane rushed to Elizabeth's side and pulled her into her arms. "Can I help, Lizzie? Do you want to go outside?" Elizabeth nodded her head and looked to the floor, "But, I cannot. I fear that he is out there; just watching. It scares me, Jane." Elizabeth took a shaky breath and tightened her grip on her sister. "Let us do it together, Lizzie. You can do it and I guarantee that the man is not out there." Jane vowed. A moment of doubt filled Elizabeth's mind because she had yet to tell anyone the appearance of her attacker. But Elizabeth trusted Jane and felt as though she was stronger just by having Jane there. So, taking one last big breath, Elizabeth nodded and Jane moved them, gradually, towards the door. Elizabeth's heart began to beat faster in her chest and Elizabeth felt her fingers begin to numb with fear. No, she would do this. She had to and not just for her family; but for herself. Elizabeth reached out a shaky hand and pulled the door away from the threshold. She was doing it. She was almost outside in the summer sun and by Jove could she smell the flowers out there. The sight that greeted her eyes was mouth-wateringly beautiful. The trees danced in the summer wind and the clouds floated across the sky in synchronisation. The grass billowed and the flowers bobbed whilst their colours were brightened by the morning sun. Happiness filled Elizabeth's chest and she felt the panic and fear subside within her. She was finally free. Jane and Elizabeth made the short journey to the garden patio where there was a table and chairs laid out in the sun. Elizabeth, gratefully, sunk into one of the three seats that surrounded the table and closed her eyes. After a few moments of silence, Jane broke it. "Would you like anything else?" "Yes," Elizabeth opened her eyes and smiled to her sister. "I would love a cup of tea and something to eat, if you don't mind of course." Elizabeth smiled sheepishly. Jane's face broke into a triumphant grin and Elizabeth felt her heart dance at the sight. "Of course, I shall be only a moment." Jane started to walk away but then Elizabeth froze in fear. That would mean she would be left alone and that would make her an easy target. "Jane, on second thought, do not worry about the food." Elizabeth said with urgency. "I am no longer hungry." The look upon Jane's face would have made Elizabeth laugh on any other day. But today, it made her want to cry. "You need to eat, Lizzie. You cannot keep going on like this," Jane chided. "Please, please, just do not leave me out here alone. I cannot stand it." Elizabeth whimpered, looking around her in fear of what may reveal itself. Jane broke her stern façade and looked upon Elizabeth with sadness. Elizabeth looked at her sister and felt her world shift. That was what Elizabeth had not wanted to happen. "Please, do not pity me. All I ask is for you to remain by my side," Elizabeth murmured and looked down at her lap. "Elizabeth, I do not pity you and for you to say such a thing..." Jane looked at the floor when Elizabeth looked up. "It hurts. It hurts to see you this way; knowing I cannot help." Jane placed her hand over her eyes. "You are the strong one out of all of us. To see you so down and lost makes me fear what will become of you. It scares me, Lizzie." Jane confessed and it broke Elizabeth's heart. Oh, how far the mighty have fallen, Elizabeth thought. That was what she had feared the most; everyone losing hope. Because if everyone loses hope; what would be there for Lizzie when she did pull through? If they lose hope then the bastard had won and Lizzie would lose more of herself. She could not let him ruin more of what she had built over the years. That would mean she was weak and Elizabeth Bennet was anything but weak. "I want to start to heal. I cannot… I cannot handle seeing you all like this." Elizabeth looked at her lap with great interest. "None of you can understand what I am feeling and what I am going through. Seeing you like this… You can never understand." Elizabeth covered her face with her hands. "Then make us understand," A male voice broke over Elizabeth's sobs. Elizabeth felt her breathing freeze and her spine grow rigid. It was him. It had to be… Elizabeth gradually rose to her feet and turned around to face the direction the voice had come from. When she saw the face of the man behind her she jolted with surprise. It wasn't who she was expecting. The man before her wasn't the feature of her nightmares; he was her saviour. "Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth breathed in relief. "Hello, Elizabeth," He smiled and bowed. Elizabeth felt her knees start to give out and a sob break from her throat. She lowered herself into her chair with her hand covering her mouth as the tears ran over her pale cheeks. When she found her voice she whispered, "You returned to me." Mr. Darcy began to edge his way towards her like she was a frightened doe. Elizabeth, in that moment, felt her heart warm with love. He looked so gentle in the way he trod; scared that he would send her scattering at one misstep, "I told you I would, Elizabeth." He brought himself to his knees just before her chair and began to reach for her hand. Elizabeth snatched her hand away just before he could get a hold on it. Hurt and fear flittered through his eyes but he quickly covered it when Elizabeth, timidly, placed her hand in his. A bolt of electricity reverberated through her arm and she gasped. Mr. Darcy must have felt it too because he smiled brighter and tightened his hold. "I promised you that I would return to you and I have. I will not leave you again." "Thank you," Elizabeth murmured. She turned her gaze over to where she had last seen Jane and saw that her sister had left them to their privacy; probably to get Elizabeth some food. Elizabeth shook her head in mock exasperation. She returned her attention to Darcy and half- smiled. "My family are quite efficient. The doctor says one word and they scatter to do his bidding like mad men." Elizabeth laughs humourlessly and looks towards her lap. She felt the grip on her hand tighten and she looked up into his warm, comforting, gaze. "You spoke with the doctor?" Darcy asked, apprehensive. Elizabeth nodded her head and clutched at his hand in both of hers. "What did he say? I do not mean to be rude. You do not have to say-" "-No," Elizabeth cut in. "I want to tell you." Elizabeth assured him. Relief spread across Mr. Darcy's features and he smiled again. "Thank you." He whispered. Elizabeth felt her lips tilt in what was meant to be a smile, but which couldn't quite be associated as one. "He says that everything is fine," Elizabeth said. "Well, not fine, but it is not what we had feared." Elizabeth felt a touch against her stomach and she looked down, to see her hand resting there. She must have placed it there unconsciously. She balled her hand into a tight fist. "He says it is merely melancholy. But I cannot help but think that it is something more." Elizabeth confessed; she felt hollow and her voice sounded so. "I feel as though I have had my heart ripped from my chest. I cannot eat, I cannot sleep, I cannot see without remembering something of that night. My skin crawls with the feel of his touch and I feel as though my life has now become a game piece and that the game will soon be over." Elizabeth felt her chest rise and fall in a staccato fashion. She felt herself falling apart at the seams with no way to stop it. "I do not wish for it to happen but I see no other way. If I do not get off this path soon… I fear I will be powerless to stop myself from taking my own life." Elizabeth's words had sped up during her speech. She was worked up into a state when she felt everything suddenly stop. "I am alone. I have no-one. My family help but they do not understand. I am alone in a world where prejudice overrules all matters. I am all alone with no-one to talk to. How can I carry on with no path to follow?" Elizabeth placed her hands over her face and gasped for breath when it became difficult. "Then tell me." Elizabeth felt hands grab her arms and pull them away from her face. She looked up into the eyes of the man she loved and felt her breathing calm down. "Elizabeth," He murmured softly. "Tell me, please." And so she did. She told him everything. What happened that night and what had happened since and when she finished she felt one hundred times lighter. She turned her gaze to Darcy to gage his reaction. Darcy's face flashed with pain as he processed what Lizzie had just announced to him. He looked at her as if she had become the most fragile thing he had ever beheld; however, he was the one who seemed to be the most fragile at the news. He turned his face to the garden table. Lizzie saw one silver stream fall from the corner of his deep brown eye. She knew instantly that this was a mistake. That she had caused the usually proud gentleman, which Mr. Darcy was, to break his facade and lose his countenance and cry for her. Lizzie had never had a gentleman cry over her. It made her heart flutter to know that he was crying over her situation. Elizabeth felt safe and warm and loved. "I am so sorry that this happened to you, Elizabeth. I wish I had protected you. Please forgive me?" Darcy begged. Elizabeth felt her face lift in the first real smile she had shown since she was attacked. "There is nothing to forgive." Darcy looked at her and when he saw her smile he smiled back. "There is something I must ask you, Elizabeth. Do not feel as though you need to accept but I feel as though I cannot stop myself. Over the last month or so, I have felt my heart open to so many different opportunities that had never been an option for me before I met you." Darcy's smile broadened and he placed a feather light kiss upon Elizabeth's hand. "You have brought colour and light to my world and I feel as though my heart will explode from the amount of joy I consume every time I see your beautiful face. So I ask you this…" Darcy opened his jacket and reached into his pocket and pulled something out of it. "Will you do me the extraordinary honour of becoming Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy?" He presented her a ring that was made of an intricate silver design with several green gems encrusted within it. Elizabeth felt her heart speed up in her chest and a smile exploded across her face. "Are you being truthful? Do you really want me as your wife?" "I never lie, madam, and I would certainly not lie about this. I love you, Elizabeth, and I want you as my wife and my companion in life." Darcy declared. When he had finished his little speech, there was only one answer that Elizabeth could give. "Yes, Yes I will marry you. I love you," Elizabeth rose from her seat and flung herself in his arms and felt her body melt. This was what she had needed. She had needed love and to know that she was wanted. She needed to know that she was wanted by Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy. Darcy looked down at Elizabeth and slowly lowered his head. Elizabeth felt her body rise to capture Darcy's lips with her own. This was what she wanted.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last Time: Darcy looked down at Elizabeth and slowly lowered his head. Elizabeth felt her body rise to capture Darcy's lips with her own. This was what she wanted. Chapter 12: Telling Mr. and Mrs. Bennet the happy news was one of the most amusing and frightening circumstances Mr. Darcy had ever encountered. To begin with, Darcy had felt certain that Mr. Bennet would be the one to kick up a fuss and the thought left him in a state of apprehension. In the end, the fuss that was created was not of a similar nature to what he had previously thought. Mr. Bennet had seemed to be the epitome of calm and contentedness. Mrs. Bennet, however, was a flurry of excitement and had left the room squealing for the housemaid to run into town to bring the clergyman. Mr. Darcy had felt his heart become a shade lighter when Mr. Bennet slapped his shoulder in comradeship. He could hardly retain his laughter when Mr. Bennet leant forward and whispered "Welcome to the family, my boy. You best prepare yourself because it will be one exciting journey." The old man leant back and walked over to his daughter and embraced her. He whispered something to her and Darcy saw Elizabeth's eyes fill with love and unshed tears. She held onto her father tighter as he placed a soft kiss upon the top of her head. At that moment, Mrs. Bennet re-entered the room, dragging Jane along behind her. She let her eldest daughter go and went over to Mr. Darcy and embraced him with a silent "Thank you", whispered into his ear. He could not remember the last time he had felt the touch of a motherly figure. Over the last few months, Mrs. Bennet had been a source of comfort to him and he had begun to see her as the mother he barely remembered. When the woman pulled away from Darcy, he could see her eyes shining with glee and his heart filled with pride. This was the moment that he realised that he was going to gain another mother and father; as well as four more sisters. That was all Mr. Darcy had wanted since he was eleven. "Congratulations Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy, I wish you every happiness. You both deserve it." Jane said as she wrapped her arms around her younger sister. They held tight to each other for a few moments and then moved apart until they just held each other's hands. Darcy had held out his hand to Elizabeth and she had reached out hers as well. The clasping of their hands sent a vibrating pulse down his arm and left a small bundle of butterflies fluttering in his stomach. He lifted his gaze to Elizabeth's and saw the happiness in it which had been missing for months. That was a reassurance for Darcy because it meant that the thing between Darcy and Elizabeth was real. There was no pretending or second guessing or one sided emotions because what they had was real. There was a knock on the door and the house maid entered the room. Her breathing was erratic and her face was as red as an English Rose. The way her body was leaning, it looked as if she might have collapsed if she had not steadied herself on the doorframe. She dipped into a curtsey and addressed Mrs. Bennet, "Ma'am the Parson is 'ere ta see ya." Mrs. Bennet nodded and waved her hand towards the door to indicate that the maid should fetch the man. Mrs. Bennet's face was glowing with happiness and Darcy felt pride when she turned her smile towards him. The room was buzzing with excitement by the time the Parson entered followed by a young trainee. However, Darcy felt the mood drop slightly when the young man met the eyes of the members of their assembly. But one person in particular seemed to be the centre of his attention and Darcy felt his spine become rigid with protectiveness. Darcy moved forward slightly, whilst pleasantries were being exchanged, and squeezed Elizabeth's hand in reassurance. Elizabeth turned her haunted gaze unto Darcy and he felt his heart skip a beat. She had been so happy; what had caused such a drastic change in her mood? Who was that man who had such a sway over his Elizabeth? He squeezed her hand again whilst his eyes tried to convey his query; how are you? He hoped that Elizabeth would gather his meaning but sometimes the words are lost in translation. The meaning seemed to reach her because her eyes grew darker as she began to nod that she was alright. Why was she lying to him? However, her nod had quickly changed into a shake and she began to slightly dip. Darcy broke the link between their hands and placed his hands around her waist to keep her up straight. Without causing too much of a scene; Darcy manoeuvred Elizabeth to the nearest chair and sat her down in it. He turned back to the room and saw worry lining the face of Mrs. Bennet. She made a slight indication, with her head, towards Elizabeth and Darcy shook his head in answer; no, she wasn't alright. Mrs. Bennet nodded and traversed the room to land in the seat next to her daughter. Darcy, however, turned his attention and his glare towards the unwelcome entity. "Mr. Heralds, I did not know you were training to be a clergyman. Last time I heard you were working in your father's shop." Mr. Bennet inquired with barely concealed curiosity. "I am still working in my father's shop, sir. But, I thought I might try a different profession. One that is more… respectable." Mr. Heralds said, graciously. His beady gaze made its way towards Elizabeth and Darcy had felt the hairs on his neck stand on end as the gaze dragged its way down Elizabeth's body. Darcy cleared his throat and glared at the man when he turned his predatory gaze onto him. There was something familiar to Mr. Heralds' eyes that put Darcy on edge. They were very similar to Madame DuBois; maybe he was a relation. Dread rippled through Darcy's bones and he felt his knees begin to buckle. This cannot be happening, Darcy's thoughts had cried.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last Time: This cannot be happening, Darcy's thoughts had cried. Chapter 13: Elizabeth watched as Darcy's face lost all colour and his legs slightly gave way. Forgetting her own weakness, Elizabeth jumped to her feet. However, he quickly recovered so the others did not have time to notice the change in Darcy. Elizabeth felt apprehension fill the lingering spaces left empty by fear. Why on earth was that… thing here in Elizabeth's house? How could the spawn of the devil even be considered for a Parson? The man was pure evil. Elizabeth had known it from the beginning. Well, she hadn't known it but she had, had a feeling. What else are you to expect when a man's eyes follow you around the room and catalogue every one of your movements? Nothing good could come from something like that, surely? The way he was watching Elizabeth now made her feel sick to her stomach and memories of the dream, she had, had before Darcy's return filled her head and left her in a dizzying circle of fear. The dream had said that he was coming for her. Elizabeth had just passed it off as apprehension and delusions but now she knows that the dream had spoken true. This man would never leave her be. She was doomed to look upon that face and know that he had ripped away her innocence and left her out to bleed. Elizabeth had not noticed that she was shaking until her hand was clasped in someone else's hand. Elizabeth turned her gaze to her right and saw her mother looking at her with concern. Mrs. Bennet looked as if she was waiting for an answer to a question. When Elizabeth turned her gaze, she saw that the whole room looking expectant. Elizabeth's heart skipped a beat and she hung her head in shame. "Forgive me; I am afraid I missed the question." A soft ripple of laughter echoed around the room and Elizabeth felt her cheeks heat in shame. There was a hint of concern to the melodious sound. She must have worried them. "Elizabeth?" Her mother's voice cut through Elizabeth's fuzzy mind and it made her jump. "Your father just repeated the question, dear." Elizabeth's face blanched as her heart fell from its place in her chest. She turned a fearful gaze upon her father and whispered, "I beg your pardon, Father. I missed the question again." Concern infiltrated her father's features and Elizabeth could tell he was refraining from saying anything. "Are you ill, Elizabeth?" Her father asked. Darcy was looking at her with the same concern and it struck deep in Elizabeth's heart. Catching a glimpse behind Darcy's shoulder; Elizabeth saw the smirk on Mr. Heralds' face. The look made Elizabeth want to rip her hair out. She had to get away. "I must admit that I am not feeling very well." Elizabeth blushed and looked at the floor. "Very well, I am sure that we can finish up here. Why don't you go and rest?" Mr. Bennet stood to escort his daughter to the door. "Is that alright with the Parson?" Elizabeth inquired. The parson looked fit to burst from his objections, "There is still a lot we have to go through." Darcy sent the Parson a glare and he amended, "However, I feel that I can get the information from your parents and Mr. Darcy." He said gruffly. The old man looked annoyed at the lack of respect he received from Darcy. Elizabeth smiled and the man relaxed and smiled back. "I hope you get better soon. May God go with you and bless you." "Thank you, sir, and God bless you." Elizabeth curtseyed and then turned to the other inhabitants of the room. "Goodnight," She said and curtseyed. They exchanged their blessings of a good evening and Elizabeth left the room. She took a moment to pause and breathe in the safety of the hallway. She started to walk towards the stairs when the door opened again. Elizabeth's body froze in fear and all she could do was wait. Wait for the person to say something or do something. "Lizzie, are you alright, little dove?" Jane's voice called. Elizabeth turned but then collapsed on the step beneath her as the fear left her body and she was left jittery with relief. "Oh, Lizzie, come on. Let's get you upstairs." Her sister calmed and Elizabeth felt tears fall freely from her eyes as she was helped to stand. Jane wound her arm around Elizabeth's waist and supported her as she began to shakily ascend the stairs. Jane softly hummed a lullaby under her breath that always had a calming effect on Elizabeth. Sleep my child and peace attend thee, All through the night, Elizabeth's thoughts sung. It was a beautiful welsh lullaby and Elizabeth often remembered her mother singing it to her and Jane as they fell asleep on a winter's evening. The nights had been long and loud with thunder storms but the lullaby kept the badness away and allowed Elizabeth to sleep in peace. But it wouldn't in this case because the storm was too strong and too wild for any shelter to be found. Elizabeth and Jane fought their way through the door of their room and as soon as they entered, Elizabeth let go of Jane and walked to the window on the other side of the room. A throat cleared behind her and she turned. "I am going to return to the living room. Will you be alright on your own?" Elizabeth nodded and turned back to the bright morning light. Elizabeth heard Jane sigh, "Lizzie, I shall return with Mr. Darcy after Mr. Heralds and…" Jane's voice faded to nothing when his name passed through her sister's lips. How dare he come to her home, the little snake? He doesn't belong there and he most certainly wasn't welcome. "Lizzie, did you hear what I said?" Jane's curt voice cut through Elizabeth like a knife. She was distressing her family and she did not know how to avoid it. There was one thing she could do though. "I heard you, Jane. Thank you for your help and thank you for offering to bring Mr. Darcy. I would very much like that. I will be fine, so go." Elizabeth shooed. Jane seemed to stall for a moment but when Elizabeth made a shooing motion, with her hands, Jane nodded once, stiffly, and left the room. Elizabeth sighed in relief and turned back to the hypnotic dance of the wildlife below her window. Half an hour passed as Elizabeth stared out of the window into the street below. The wind rustled the trees and Elizabeth was entranced in the peaceful sway of the branches. She felt her body sway softly with the trees as she hummed her lullaby. This storm was not one that she could escape; not easily. She just wished there was some way to be rid of the devil that plagued her thoughts; but it seemed there was not. The only way for her to be free of him is to die the death of the melancholy or kill the bastard herself; neither seemed to be a tantalising experience. Could this not have happened to someone else? Not that Elizabeth would wish the experience on any woman. Why was God punishing her so? Was it because she spoke out of turn when speaking with acquaintances? Why, why, why, why? The mantra was filling her mind and her breathing became irregular as she searched for the answer she deserved. But no answer came to her and that worried her. Elizabeth is only one and twenty; she should not experience the darkness of the world in such a cruel way. She had not lived long enough to cause any true damage to the world. So why was she raped? A cry ripped its way from Elizabeth's throat as she fell to her knees. Her vision was blurred and her heart was picking up speed. This was no longer a place she felt safe in because it had been infiltrated by the enemy. Hopefully, Elizabeth would find sanctuary with Darcy after they were married. Mr. Darcy. Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy, her fiancé who loved her for who she was. No matter how damaged and irreparable she may have been; he loved her. Their friendship had been rough, cruel and heart breaking, yet their love had been quick, passionate and warming. He gave her a place to unwind and trust in. She did not care that their love had been developed quickly because love had a funny way of sprouting in unusually fast periods and in strange places. That was the beauty of it. Yet, Elizabeth could not help but wonder whether Darcy's feelings were genuine. She knew that her feelings were but there was so much that had happened to tarnish Elizabeth, which made her wonder if the man could be trusted. Elizabeth knew, deep down, that she could but after what had happened, she was not taking any chances. A knock on the door shook her from her reverie and she cleared her throat enough to mutter a hoarse, Enter. Jane entered the room, quickly followed by Darcy, and closed the door to give them more privacy. Darcy traversed the floor and knelt by Elizabeth's side in one graceful movement. Elizabeth felt the warm pressure of Darcy's hand on her head and she felt her fears melt away. Her body lost all of its tension and fell limp against Darcy's side. The soft shushing noises coming from his mouth lulled Elizabeth into a state of calm that left her feeling tired, yet peaceful. "What is troubling you, Elizabeth?" Darcy asked in concern. He lifted Elizabeth into his arms and brought her over to her bed. The soft mattress sunk as her body was lain upon it and the pillows moulded to the shape of her head. Elizabeth didn't want that conversation about Heralds to be the first things they discussed. There was something more important that was weighing on Elizabeth's mind. "I will explain in a minute. First, however, you are going to tell me how you know Mr. Heralds." Elizabeth waited expectantly for the answer and watched in worry as Darcy lost all colour in his face. Darcy looked at his hands and sighed, "I knew his sister. I grew up with her in Derbyshire but something happened between us and I never heard from her again." Darcy raised his head and smiled softly. Elizabeth had a bad feeling as to where this was going. "The next thing I knew; she was dead." Elizabeth gasped as did Jane who was sitting in the corner chair, pretending to be reading her book. In apprehension Elizabeth asked, "What happened between you? What happened to her?" Darcy shook his head as the memories filled the place in his mind where he had banished the thoughts. "I was told that after she left Derbyshire…" Darcy stuttered to a stop when he whispered those words and lifted his gaze to Elizabeth again. She nodded for him to continue and he took a deep breath. "She went to a hospital for expectant mothers who did not, necessarily, want the child. The operation went wrong and she died." Darcy sighed and Elizabeth felt a weight upon her heart. "In retaliation," Darcy continued "Her brothers blamed me and have been hunting me all around the world because they believed the child to be mine." Darcy said. Elizabeth frowned in confusion; was it not his child? "It wasn't. We were engaged to be married, you understand, but I had discovered her sleeping with one of my closest friends which was why she fled. He was the father of the child." Elizabeth breathed a sigh of relief. "Before she got rid of the child, she had become an escort for rich men, or so I am told. That may also be the cause of her pregnancy but I highly doubt it." Darcy continued. Elizabeth felt her head begin to spin with the amount of detail he was giving her. She certainly wasn't expecting it. "According to her friends, the men called her 'Madame DuBois'. She hid her identity so as to not clue her family in to what she was doing. When the family found out about her death they were devastated, her mother became withdrawn and melancholic whilst her father became an alcoholic. He drank himself into an early grave and the mother soon followed. That was five years after her death and then for the next five; her brothers began to follow me and my sister. I thought that had ended after their friend tried to elope with my sister at their behest. But it appears it hasn't ended. They…" Darcy sighed and rose to his feet to look out of the bedroom window. "They want my money and to bring disgrace to the Darcy name so they tried to do it by damaging the thing I cared most about in the world." "Your sister, did she elope with the friend?" Elizabeth asked with a strained voice. "No, luckily I got there before Mr. Wickham could dig his claws into our family fortune and before he could… damage Georgiana." Darcy smiled slightly as a memory filled his head. "Georgiana was the light of my life after I lost my mother; my rock in some way. Her smile brightened the darkest room and her laughter lightened the burden on my shoulders. I had never felt so at peace with the world and who I was until I held Georgiana in my arms that night in the garden." Darcy laughed and Elizabeth saw his eyes were beginning to tear up. Elizabeth felt her heart clench in sympathy. "She is so like my mother, even more so with each passing summer. It gladdens my heart to see," Darcy came over to Elizabeth's side and grasped her hands in his as he sunk to his knees. "I did not believe in happiness. My sister hid my melancholy behind pride and love but the sadness had never left. Not until I met you." Elizabeth hummed in agreement but then frowned, "You could have fooled me when we first met. It looked more like you wanted God to strike me down where I stood." Elizabeth looked at their joint hands in her lap with growing sadness. "I know I was not the most… civil of people when we first met. But it was mostly brought on by fear. Fear of your beauty, your intentions and… the unknown." Darcy cupped one of his hands around Elizabeth's cheek and raised her face to look upon him. "Attraction can form itself in many unusual and, almost, dangerous ways. My fear managed to paint my attraction into something perverse and horrifying and it scared me." Darcy leant forward slightly and locked gazes with Elizabeth. "I love you, Elizabeth Bennet. Some may think me mad because I have only known you for a maximum of three months and I couldn't possibly have fallen in love with you in such a short amount of time. But true love forms in many different ways and at many different speeds. You bring me happiness like no-one ever has. You make me smile and laugh and sometimes cry, both in a good way and a bad way, but isn't that what love is; unrestrained happiness and unfathomable anguish?" Darcy closed his eyes for a moment and took a deep breath. Elizabeth felt her heart accelerating in her chest. Oh, how she loved this man. "Fear can drive men to do stupid and hurtful things that often leave the person they love most in an anguished and devastated state. That is what I did to you and I am so sorry." Darcy looked Elizabeth in the eye and smiled. "You are my sunshine and my jewel. You are more precious than all the money in the world and I would willingly give my life to see that smile placed once more upon your face." Darcy grinned when Elizabeth let out a small giggle and her eyes brightened with happiness and love. "See? You are gorgeous and you are mine. Now, will you be willing to tell me what had wiped that beautiful smile from your face when Mr. Heralds walked into the room?" Elizabeth's brief happiness faded and she felt her heart stutter in fear. She knew that was coming but she had hoped to put it off for some time. But, instead of cowering in a corner and hiding the truth, Elizabeth took a calming breath and readied herself to break the news. "Mr. Heralds, he…" Elizabeth's voice caught in her throat and tears fell from her eyes. Jane had come to sit by her side when Darcy had begun to question Elizabeth about Mr. Heralds. She grabbed Elizabeth's free hand and hugged it to her chest which she meant as a comforting gesture and in which Elizabeth took some strength. "Mr. Heralds was the one who attacked me in April." Elizabeth finally admitted and she heard a collective gasp from her two comforters. Darcy seemed to be the most shocked by Elizabeth's news and she felt her heart pound erratically against her rib cage. The spell that had been cast upon Darcy seemed to break a few minutes later because he ripped his hand away from Elizabeth and started pacing by the window. Elizabeth heard Jane sob softly and grasp her hand tighter but Elizabeth was completely focused on Darcy. "I am sorry I did not tell you sooner. I should have told you the moment you found out, but I was scared. I didn't know what to believe or where to turn." Elizabeth tried to explain, to beg for him to understand. "Please, do not be angry with me. I am sorry," Elizabeth cried and placed her spare hand over her eyes as her tears descended over her cheeks. She sobbed and sobbed as the memories of that night filled her head and as the fear that Darcy had been pushed too far clouded her mind. She was scared that he would leave her. "Oh, Elizabeth, I am not angry with you, my love. I am angry with that bastard. I am so sorry that this had to happen to you," Darcy said as he wrapped Elizabeth in his arms and rocked her back and forth. "You are not to blame for this. He is the filthy little urchin. Did he ever say anything to you?" Elizabeth turned her head into Darcy's neck and took some comfort in his smell. "H-He sa-aid that 'no wonder monster Darcy is falling for you' a-and 'let's see if that posh pig wants you now that you are tainted'. I ha-hadn't known what h-he meant but n-now I do. He wanted to tarnish me so that you wouldn't… c-couldn't marry me. I am s-so sorry." Elizabeth's sobs became gasps as they left her short of breath. Darcy's hold tightened on Elizabeth as he tried to calm her down. He rocked his body in a soothing way as Jane hummed a lullaby as tears fell down her face. Darcy recognised the tune and it brought him some comfort too which was a God-send of itself. It took twenty minutes for Elizabeth to settle into a fitful slumber and Darcy felt his worry evaporate somewhat as he watched her sleeping face. She is such a beautiful angel… his angel. Darcy manoeuvred Elizabeth's body back to the bed and stood to leave. Just as he reached the door, Jane called to him, "Mr. Darcy… Thank you for your help. I do not think I would have gotten her to settle otherwise." "Think nothing of it, Miss Bennet. Also, please call me Darcy or Fitzwilliam. We are going to be family after all." Darcy smiled at Jane and she dipped her head in surprise. "Um-m, Fitzwilliam, thank you. Please call me Jane as well." Darcy nodded and turned to leave when Jane called again, "Fitzwilliam." He turned to face her again, "I am sorry about what has happened to you and your family. You do not deserve it." Jane said and she blushed. "What will you do now?" "I thank you for your kind words, Jane. I am of a similar mind towards you and your family." Darcy sighed. "As to what I shall do now… I will go a hunt that …" Darcy managed to control himself before he said anything unacceptable in the presence of someone Darcy barely knew. "Man and I will speak with him." The words came out quite ominously and Darcy decided to leave the hidden meaning out in the open. Jane nodded in agreement, "Please do, but just promise me one thing," Darcy nodded. "Stay safe," Jane continued. "I do not think my sister could weather the emotional storm that would be created if you were to be injured or killed. You mean everything to her." Jane admitted. "As she does to me," Darcy said under his breath before turning to address Jane. "I promise you that I will return in one piece." Darcy bowed, "Goodnight Jane." Jane curtseyed, "Goodnight Fitzwilliam." Darcy strode from the room and walked down the hall to the staircase. Descending the stairs proved to be quite strenuous as the anger began to leave his veins. He could only hope that he would not fall to his death. Before Darcy left the Bennet residence, he decided it would be best to fill in Mr. and Mrs. Bennet of the night's events and to find out where that bastard lived so he could rip him to shreds. The drawing room door was open and he could see lights filtering into the hallway from the lit candles. They must be in there, Darcy thought as he strode towards the open door. He was right. As soon as he walked through the door, Mr. Bennet sprung to his feet, quickly followed by Mrs. Bennet. "What happened, is Lizzie alright?" Francis asked as she hurried to Darcy's side. "She is… sleeping," Darcy said, avoiding the question. "She told me what had caused her to get upset earlier and I thought I should share it with you." Darcy said and Mr. Bennet waved his hand towards one of the seats in the parlour. Once seated, Darcy endeavoured to fill in the details as much as he could. "I knew it," Mrs. Bennet cried when Darcy had finished. She was then enveloped in tears and she threw herself into Mr. Bennet's waiting arms. "If you grant me permission," Darcy began. "I will hunt down Heralds and make him wish he was never born." Darcy promised in a solemn voice. Mr. and Mrs. Bennet looked at each other and seemed to be holding a private conversation. After a good five minutes, Mrs. Bennet nodded to Darcy. "Very well, Darcy. We grant you your wish. You may hunt this man down and do with him as you like. However, I would rather it be in a non-violent way; for I do not wish for you to be harmed." Mrs. Bennet warned Darcy as he nodded in anticipation. "Do you know where he lives?" Darcy asked. "He lives in the town square; above the tailor's shop. He lives there alone whilst his parents live across town. You should find him there." Mr. Bennet supplied. His voice held undertones of the pure fury that he was keeping concealed as best he could. Darcy rose to his feet and thanked the Bennet's. "Thank you for your help and thank you for having me stay past the compulsory visiting hours. I will find him and I will make him pay for what he has done." They both nodded and smiled at him. He felt his heart swell as he saw the pride dancing in their eyes. A pride that he has not seen since his father died. His heart warmed and he bowed. "Have a splendid evening and I will see you tomorrow in town." Darcy straightened. "Thank you, Darcy. I hope you have a nice evening too." Mr. Bennet wished with a bow. "Be careful, my dear," Mrs. Bennet said as she curtseyed. "I will," Darcy promised one last time before he escaped into the cool night air. I am coming for you Heralds. There is nowhere to hide you sick bastard, Darcy thought as he clambered atop Aznavour and began the trek into the town. Hopefully, the coward had not run away.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: Hopefully, the coward had not run away. Chapter 14 The night was overcast and cold and the air lay heavy in Darcy's chest. The anger boiled within him so much so that he hoped that he could keep his temper when he saw that little brat again. He was pretty sure that if he let his anger get the better of him then he would string the boy up by his neck. Not the best way to begin married life; constantly on the run and looking over your shoulder. However, there was something that was preying on Darcy's mind that would not let his anger bide. Mr. Bennet had mentioned something about Mr. Heralds' parents living on the other side of town. But that could not be because they were dead. Darcy witnessed that with his own eyes the day they were laid to rest in the Pemberley grave yard. That was before he was chased from the grounds by the two sons of Mr. and Mrs. Heralds. Darcy could not wrap his mind around how the boy had managed to fool a whole town into thinking that he had parents. Were they seen in public? If so, he must have been paying a high price to the people who were posing as his parents. Also, what had happened to his brother Nathan? Why was he not with Gregory? The questions kept forming themselves in Darcy's mind and left him rather dizzy. The more he thought on them the more the questions grew and the more frustrated Darcy felt. Though one thing was clear, Heralds attacked Elizabeth, not out of revenge, but out of lust. He may have thought he was ruining Darcy's chances but the things that happened just made Darcy more protective of his wife to be. Something must be very wrong inside that boy's head for him to want to destroy two innocent women's virtues to get to Darcy. Elizabeth had not even been what Darcy thought he had wanted when Heralds attacked her. Darcy had not shown her any kindness at that point. However, Heralds must have seen something there that the two parties involved had not. Something must have convinced him that Darcy was in love with Elizabeth or else he would not have done what he did. Unless it was just an excuse to make him-self feel better about ruining Elizabeth's reputation. Maybe it was Heralds who was in love with Elizabeth and he had reached a point where he could control himself no longer. If that was the case, Darcy cracked his knuckles as he closed his over them. The bastard is going to wish he had never been born, Darcy thought threateningly as he broke down the door to Heralds' living quarters. He slowly ascended the stairs trying to catch if there was any movement above. There was. There was the sound of hurried footfalls heading towards a spot far away from the front door. Darcy rushed up the stairs and broke down the next door he came across, much like the first, and walked into the quiet room. Darcy searched the empty living quarters but they came up empty. The little shit could not have gotten far, Darcy's inner voice crowed. There was a soft click behind Darcy that sounded an awful lot like a pistol being loaded. Darcy slowly turned, with his hands up, to face the gunman and saw a very angry Mr. Heralds glaring at him. Darcy was not one to be threatened by a lowlife such as Heralds, however, with the gun pointed towards his chest like it was… He would admit that he was slightly afraid. Just before Heralds pulled the trigger, Darcy ducked. The shot rebounded off the shelf in the corner of the room which caused the shelves to fall and get covered in dust from plaster that the bullet was buried in. Heralds re-aimed the gun and Darcy knew it was the end for him. Darcy closed his eyes in anticipation for the loud BOOM! And the searing pain that was sure to follow… Click, the trigger was pulled but nothing happened. Darcy opened one of his eyes to see Heralds rattling the gun and smacking it against his palm. Whilst the man was distracted, Darcy leapt and tackled Heralds to the floor. Darcy managed to straddle Heralds waist and he grabbed a hold of the hand that was holding the gun. Darcy smashed Heralds' hand against the floor trying to get him to let go of the gun. After one last hard smack, the gun clattered to the floor. Darcy then proceeded to punch Heralds in the face as hard as he could; blood splattered the floor and Darcy's fist but he continued, the rage seeking an outlet. He only stopped when Heralds groaned in, what sounded like, serious pain. Darcy rose off of the lump on the floor and got to his feet. He took some steadying breaths as he walked away from the man. He heard a spitting sound and a groan as Heralds heaved his body into a sitting position. "Why'd you stop there? You could have killed me and no-one would have known any different." Heralds taunted. Darcy clenched his fists and turned to look at the pathetic excuse of a human being. The boy was clutching his broken, bleeding, nose as he glared back at Darcy. "Because, unlike you, I have a sense honour and I have a conscience." Darcy spat through his gritted teeth. Heralds placed a hand over his heart and had a mocking look upon his face. "I am deeply offended, Mr. Darcy, that you would think so little of me. A gentleman who has been your longest friend," His voice was mocking which made Darcy flinch as he tried to keep control of his anger. "You are no friend of mine and you certainly are not a gentleman," Darcy growled. Heralds had the gall to laugh which only angered Darcy further. "I am sure you fiancée would have to disagree." Heralds shook his eyebrows in a suggestive manner. "I am sure she thought me to be quite the… gentleman." Darcy could no longer control himself. He stormed over to Heralds and picked the disgusting creature up by his neck. Darcy's hand clenched, "You will not speak of Miss Elizabeth again; or I will run you through with my sabre. Believe me, I will not hesitate." Darcy threatened with another clench of his hand. Heralds attempted a laugh but it came out choked, "What sabre? Is it invisible?" In answer Darcy clenched again and Heralds made a choking sound; which caused Darcy to smile menacingly. "I have a sword at Netherfield. I will string you up and drag you there and then run you through with my sabre." Darcy threatened. "Or I could easily make it look like you killed yourself in this very room. It is quite simple and no-one would ever know or care." Darcy carried on. "You are gravelly mistaken if you think that no-one would care." Heralds said as he clawed at Darcy's hands. "Ah, yes, your mystery parents, you have made quite the story for yourself. Have you no shame, faking having parents that are living? How have you managed to fool a whole town into thinking you belong to a family?" Darcy asked and clenched his hand tighter. Heralds started turning blue by the time Darcy decided to let the bastard go. Heralds crumpled to the floor, gasping and grasping at his throat. "T-They ar-are not fake," Heralds managed to gasp through his teeth. Darcy frowned in confusion and frustration. "The people," He wheezed, "Are my real parents." Darcy froze in shock. "It turns out the Heralds family found me and took me under their wing." Darcy shook his head, as if to clear it, and looked at Heralds with incredulousness. "You are lying." He growled and started to advance on the spluttering mess on the floor. Heralds crawled back as fast as he could, "Why in God's name would I lie about something like that?" Heralds yelled in fear; his eyes began to fill with tears. "My real parents left me to die in a field outside of the Heralds' residence. My mother found me and took me in." Heralds sobbed. Darcy could not wrap his head around what the man was saying. How can this be true? Also, if it is, why is he still hunting me down? Darcy wondered. Darcy mentioned the thoughts out loud. "Because the Heralds are my true family and you ripped each and every one of them away from me." Heralds spat. "I did not cause your sister's death. It was her own stupidity, as well as Mr. Wickham, that got her killed. As for your parents… your sister was also to blame for that. They died because they hated what she had done to herself." Darcy glared at Heralds and the man shrunk back in fear. "What about my brother? Nathan is dead because of you." Heralds cried. "I have no idea how your brother died. I have not seen him since your plan with Wickham fell through. I could not be the reason." Darcy urged. His fists kept clenching and un-clenching in anger. "You may not have been the instigator; but you were most certainly the cause. He got into a bar fight with one of your old friends from University and he was killed in said fight. The fight was because Nathan had been bad mouthing your character." Heralds stated in a matter-of-fact tone of voice. Darcy felt a slight twinge of guilt. He had heard about the dual that his friend Henry had gotten into but he had not known it was Heralds' older brother. "Again, that was not my fault. My friend acted on his own accord. I had no clue as to what had happened." Darcy stated. "I do not care that you had no idea what had happened. You are still the reason that my family is dead." Heralds cried in anger. "You cannot blame me for something that was out of my control." Darcy yelled back. The boy flinched on the floor. "Well I do and I got you back for what you did to my family." Heralds spat out. "And what a pretty and tight justice it was too." Heralds licked his lips. Darcy shuddered as he thought of those lips touching Elizabeth's. Anger flared up again in the pit of his stomach. He rushed forward as he pulled his fist back and then let it swing. It hit Heralds square in the jaw and he crumpled flat to the ground yet again and clutched at his face. Darcy knelt down to Heralds height and grabbed onto his hair to ensure that he was watching Darcy's face. He then whispered these next words, "I am willing to let you live but only because I made a promise to my future wife's parents. You leave town now or I will kill you the next time I see you in town; no matter the promise I have made." Darcy tightens his hold on Heralds hair, "Your choice." He let Heralds go and watched as the young man struggled to his feet and ran through the door that Darcy came in through. The boy had not managed to avoid bumping into several walls on the way out. Darcy quickly followed and watched as the young man jumped upon his horse's back and rode off out of town. Darcy felt a feeling of completion and calmness fill his mind. It was over. The bastard was gone for good and Darcy could marry Elizabeth without a worry. Elizabeth would finally be his and he would be hers. The thoughts of his wedding lightened Darcy's mind somewhat. He began his mental checklist as he started on the road home with Aznavour. He would be married to her come Saturday evening and he wished to treat her. It was good that he had sent out those letters to the shop keepers asking them to place a tab for Elizabeth's dress, veil etc. Elizabeth would be out shopping the following morning and she deserved nothing but the best. Darcy wanted to give her everything she could ever wish for starting with a dream wedding. The tracks home were worn down quite well due to having horses and carts running over them twenty four hours a day. The smooth dirt track was lit up silver from the moon above and it gave Darcy a feeling of confidence. Nothing could possibly go wrong now, Darcy thought as he slowed Aznavour down to a soft trot. The stables were quite so Darcy de-equipped his horse himself. Aznavour whinnied and butted his nose against Darcy's arm which caused his master to laugh. Aznavour really was a stunning creature and Darcy was proud of him. Aznavour had been a present from his parents on his eighth birthday. The horse had grown with him and now Darcy was not seen without him. Their bond was strong. With one last stroke of Aznavour's nose, Darcy closed the pen and headed inside. He had just made it through the door when a servant walked up to him. "Sir, Mr. Bingley wishes to see you in his office. It is a matter of great importance." The man greeted with a bow. Darcy nodded his head and the servant dispersed. The older gentleman began to walk towards his friend's office with a feeling of trepidation. What on earth could Bingley want at this hour? Darcy pondered as he reached the door of the study. He knocked once and heard the word: enter. Darcy opened the door and walked inside. He stopped when he noticed the scene inside of the study. "Georgie?" Darcy asked in wonder. "Hello brother," Georgiana returned and smiled at him sweetly. "Why are you here, Georgie?" Darcy inquired as he crossed the room to embrace her. He snuck a small kiss onto her forehead. "I have come to meet my future sister in law and help her arrange the wedding." Georgiana giggled, her voice taking on an edge that sounded an awful lot like: Isn't it obvious brother? Darcy smiled and embraced his sister once again, "We would be happy for the help. I am glad you have come, sister. I have missed you a great deal and I know Miss Elizabeth cannot wait to meet you." His sister smiled against his chest and Darcy felt happiness and warmth spread through his chest. All that was needed was the return of Elizabeth's younger sisters; whom Darcy had arranged to have arrive home the following morning. Meanwhile… The ride to Kent was rough and tedious. Heralds had not stopped all the way because he had to reach his destination before Darcy managed to take yet another thing that was his. Elizabeth Bennet was his. He had bedded her and he had tagged her as his own but Darcy did not seem to take the hint. Heralds had known Elizabeth first and he was not about to lose her to a toffy nosed prig who had fucked whores. That bastard was not taking Elizabeth. Heralds reached his destination just as the dawn broke over the horizon. It was a beautiful sight almost as beautiful as Elizabeth Bennet undressed. Oh, what he would do to that beautiful body when he makes her his completely. The possibilities were endless. Heralds decided to walk the rest of the distance to the house's stables. It was not yet time for the Lady of the house to be awake and he would not dare to disturb her beauty sleep. God knows she needs it, Heralds thought. By the time he finished stabling his horse and had taken a long walk through the fields of Rosing's surrounding areas, it was about eight o'clock. That was a decent enough time to announce his presence to the household. Therefore, Heralds found himself walking his way in to the great hallway of Rosing's. He was greeted by a butler who seemed to be exhausted. "My name is Gregory Heralds and I am here to see Lady Catherine DeBourgh. I have some important news concerning her nephew, Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy." Heralds announced. The butler bowed and told him to wait whilst he spoke to Lady Catherine. Heralds decided to have a look around. The building was grand and so was the interior. The ceilings were covered in paintings of cherubs and different scenes from the bible like the death of Jesus the Saviour. The building was truly breath-taking. There was a throat clearing behind him which made him flinch in surprise. He turned to face the source of the sound, "Lady DeBourgh will see you now." The butler announced and led Heralds through the glorious passageways to a large meeting parlour. The butler opened the door for Mr. Heralds to enter through. The man then bowed to the old lady sitting in the chair, which Heralds assumed was Lady Catherine, and left the room followed closely by the closing door. Heralds shifted and cleared his throat as he waited for the elderly woman to speak. Lady Catherine looked at Heralds in an incredulous manner and raised her left eyebrow. She looked menacing, "I am told that you have important news about my nephew. Spit it out." Her voice was rough and grating causing Heralds to wince slightly. "I have come to tell you that he intends to be married." Heralds revealed. The old woman reeled in shock but quickly recovered herself. "Who, may I ask, does he intend to marry, Mr. Heralds?" Lady Catherine asked her voice as cold as ice. "Miss Elizabeth Bennet of Meryton Town, my lady, she is the second daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Bennet." Heralds felt his heart rate soar as he watched the Lady's face drain of colour. "How much does Miss Elizabeth's dowry offer a year?" Lady Catherine asked in a controlled tone. "Fifty pounds a year, Ma'am." Heralds said timidly. Lady Catherine let out a small hiss as her hands tightened over her armrests. "This will not do. He is betrothed to my daughter and he will marry her; even if I have to get rid of the nuisance on my own." Lady Catherine whispered to herself and then lunged to her feet as fast as her old frame would let her. "Mr. Smith!" The butler entered the room again and bowed. "Make sure my coach is ready in half an hour. I wish to go and visit my nephew in Meryton." Lady Catherine dismissed the butler and he rushed to fulfil her demands. Heralds felt his heart beat with accomplishment. Today is a good day after all.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: Heralds felt his heart beat with accomplishment. Today is a good day after all. Chapter 15 Part One A knock sounded on Elizabeth's door, early the next morning. Elizabeth opened her eyes slightly to stare at the door but then decided to close them again. Instead, she moaned and said "Come in." The door swung open and Elizabeth heard two giggles from the doorway. Elizabeth opened the eyes closest to the door and was struck with the sight of her two youngest sisters; Kitty and Lydia. Elizabeth shot up from her position and stood to embrace them. She felt like she had not seen them for years; not weeks. Her little sisters were back and they could finally be a family again; this brought happiness to Elizabeth's heart. They clung to Elizabeth like she was their life line and it made Elizabeth all the more happy. "What are you doing here?" Elizabeth asked as she slowly pulled from her sisters' embraces. "We were told to come home. Isn't it marvellous, Lizzie? Oh, how I have missed you!" Lydia cried and wrapped her arms around Elizabeth once more. Elizabeth smiled, "Father did not tell me that he sent word for you." Kitty looked at Elizabeth in confusion, "Papa did not send for us. Mr. Darcy did." She said in her as a-matter-of-fact voice. Elizabeth frowned, "Why would he not tell me that he sent for you?" Lydia and Kitty both shrugged their shoulders, "Not sure." They said and turned to look at each other with a giggle. Lydia turned back to Elizabeth, "Anyway, enough of this. We are all going shopping for your wedding. Your dress still needs to be purchased," she explained excitedly. "Come on, Lizzie, get up!" Lydia cried as she flew out of the door to her own room. Elizabeth laughed, "Alright, welcome home, Kitty. I will get dressed and meet you downstairs." Kitty nodded and left the room to follow Lydia. Tulip entered the room and curtsied then she walked forward and started to collect clothes for Elizabeth to wear. Elizabeth was dressed relatively quickly and Tulip made her sit down so that she could do her hair. The maid was efficient in decorating Elizabeth's hair with plaits and twists and by the time she was through, Elizabeth felt as though her head was devoid of hair. Her yanks and pulls had been worth it though. It always was. Elizabeth left her room and walked down the hall to the stairs and descended them. The hall was full of Elizabeth's energetic family and the scene brought peace to Elizabeth's busy mind. That was what normal looked like for the Bennet family; not a care in the world and utter chaos wherever they went. It was home. The preparations for the day had been settled and the Bennet's began their walk into town. The air was warm and the breeze was soft which brought a tranquil harmony over the Bennet's. Even Lydia and Kitty ceased arguing and enjoyed the calm. The day was definitely heading in a good direction. The closer the Bennet's got to town square, the louder and busier the town got. There were several market stools open selling trinkets and bakery goods etc. the whole scene was peaceful yet hectic. It reminded Elizabeth of a painting she had seen once, it had been completely chaotic yet the colours brought serenity to the scene. A smile lit up Elizabeth's face. "Right, Elizabeth and I are heading to Madame Moreau's bridal shop. The rest of you girls should take a look in Adelia's boudoir and we shall join you there later." Mrs. Bennet announced to the group. Lydia and Kitty seemed about to protest but Jane and Mary hushed them and pushed them towards Adelia's shop. Elizabeth shared an amused face with her father but it fell when Mrs. Bennet started speaking again. "You, my dear husband, are expected at Augustus's shop." Mr. Bennet nodded and lifted his hat off of his head in farewell, "Fare you well my beauties; enjoy your shop like I am sure I will enjoy mine." He then replaced the hat on his head and started walking towards Augustus's shop whilst swinging his walking stick and whistling. Elizabeth giggled and Mrs. Bennet let out a very un-ladylike snort, "That man often makes me wonder." Mrs. Bennet said when Elizabeth raised her eyebrows at her. "Who is expecting Papa at Augustus's? I know the old tailor never reserves slots so it is not him." Elizabeth asked. Her mother looked like she was trying to hide a smile which made Elizabeth wonder even more. "Follow me." Mrs. Bennet called as she bustled her way towards Madame Moreau's Bridal shop. Elizabeth wondered what was in store for her when she reached the shop. With that, Elizabeth quickly followed her mother's hurried steps. Inside the shop was even grander than the outside; complete with small chandeliers, silk draperies and ornate wallpapers which made the atmosphere of the shop almost romantic. It took Elizabeth's breath away when she first took it all in. The shop was full of cream lace veils and white muslin as well as lawn, satins, and silks. The shop was one of the richer ones in Meryton Town which was why it was full of expensive fabrics. Elizabeth was shocked by how much the fabric cost. There must have been a cheaper place to shop; which she reiterated to her mother. Mrs. Bennet merely patted Elizabeth's hand and pulled her towards the embroidered muslin. She knew Elizabeth well. The fabric was beautiful but it was too costly; Elizabeth did not want to buy a dress from there. "Mama, please, I do not want you to pay out lots of money for a dress I will wear infrequently. It is not right." Elizabeth begged as her mother held up some of the fabrics to Elizabeth's body. Her mother hummed softly which led Elizabeth to believe that her mother was ignoring her. Elizabeth rolled her eyes and smiled at the shop keeper as she came through the shop from the counter. "Good morning, Ladies, how may I help you?" The shop owner asked with a soft smile and slight curtsey. "Hello, I ordered the making of a dress here a couple of weeks ago and we were told it was ready to be fitted. I was told you would be expecting us?" Mrs. Bennet addressed the lady with a smile. Elizabeth looked at her mother in confusion. "May I take a name?" The lady asked as she headed back towards the counter. "Darcy, Fitzwilliam," Mrs. Bennet called and turned to look at her daughter with a smug smile and sent a small wink her way. Darcy, of course it was. That would explain why they were in the most expensive shop in town. Does that mean… "Is he paying for Jane's, Lydia's, Mary's and Kitty's dresses too?" Mrs. Bennet shook her head. "No, he isn't. Your father is paying for those; not that Mr. Darcy did not offer. Your father turned him down because it would be too much to ask him to buy those too." Mrs. Bennet explained as the owner walked back over to us. Elizabeth nodded in understanding and turned her attention back on the owner. "If you would like to follow me." the lady said as she started heading to a large curtained area across the shop from where they were. Mrs. Bennet and Elizabeth followed dutifully and sat down in the proffered chairs. "Now, I will have to check if the dress's measurements are correct and if they are not then it will take but an hour for me to correct the mistakes. Wait here while I retrieve your dress." The shop keeper said as she left the area. Elizabeth turned to her mother, "How did you know my measurements?" "From the dress I made you at the start of the year. I still have your measurements." Mrs. Bennet explained and watched as Madame Moreau walked in with the dress. It was gorgeous. The dress was made of embroidered white muslin and intricately patterned lace. The veil that lay on top of the dress was made of the same lace that adorned the dress's main body. All in all, Elizabeth felt close to tears because of how beautiful it was. Her excitement increased considerably with the idea of what the dress may have looked like on. Madame Moreau hung the dress above the mirror and proceeded to undress Elizabeth. Moreau asked questions about Elizabeth's upcoming nuptials and about her future husband. She also inquired if Elizabeth had chosen her bridal underwear yet or her wedding night attire. Elizabeth admitted that she had not given them a thought which led to the owner asking her assistant to bring out the after wedding attire. Mrs. Bennet seemed to take great interest in what Elizabeth would choose. As a result, Elizabeth let her mother choose her attire whilst she tried on the dress. It was beautiful; just like Elizabeth imagined. The dress hugged Elizabeth's upper body and made her figure more pronounced. It brought a smile to Elizabeth's face and made her rather emotional. It fit her like a glove and it brought out her eyes. She looked breath-taking, according to Mrs. Bennet who had stopped her assault of the undergarments when Elizabeth had stepped forward to look in the mirror. Tears had filled Mrs. Bennet's eyes; which, in turn, made Elizabeth tear up and giggle softly. "It seems that I do not need to make any adjustments; which is good. I must say that you look absolutely angelic. Mr. Darcy is a lucky man." The shop keeper complimented. Elizabeth blushed and looked back at her reflection. Never, in all her years, had she been called angelic. "Right," Mrs. Bennet said once she dried her eyes. "We will have these as well. We will make the adjustments if they are needed. Thank you for your help and hospitality." Mrs. Bennet gave the items to the assistant. Madame Moreau rushed forward and helped Elizabeth to remove the dress. The owner and the assistant then rushed to get the items packaged. After ten minutes of waiting, Elizabeth and her mother were leaving the little boudoir with their arms full of packages. Elizabeth listened to her mother going on about "how beautiful" she looked in the dress and how Mr. Darcy was going to be pleasantly surprised. Elizabeth felt her mouth pull into a smile as she absorbed the comments. For the last week or so, her excitement for the wedding had been buried under stress and self-doubt but with the glowing praise from her mother, she felt the load disappear and her excitement returned tenfold. Elizabeth felt as though she was floating with the clouds; which was a feeling she had lost the day that her attack had happened. She had thought that she would never feel that way again. It was a comfort to know that the excitement for the future was still there. Mrs. Bennet was still praising Elizabeth when they met her sisters. Her sisters were all excited to know how Elizabeth had looked and by the end of Mrs. Bennet's tale, every one of them was gushing. Elizabeth felt her cheeks blaze with embarrassment and a giggle bubbled out of her mouth. Her mother and sisters were busy discussing the purchases made by her sisters when Mr. Bennet returned to their meeting point with two unexpected visitors. Elizabeth felt her heart flutter when one of the men broke away from their cluster to address Elizabeth and kiss her hand. "Good day, Elizabeth." Darcy breathed with a smile. Elizabeth's heart fluttered again, "Hello Darcy." They stood smiling at each other in their own little world. However, their little moment had been ruined by the shrill voice of Elizabeth's mother as she gushed to Mr. Bennet. "Oh, Mr. Bennet! Elizabeth took my breath away as she stood with her dress on; an Angel. She is one of the most enthralling creatures I have ever laid eyes on. All of our daughters are. I cannot say to you how thankful I am to have a family like this one. You are all my little jewels," Her eyes were filled with tears when she turned to beam at her giggling daughters. Elizabeth felt her heart constrict and tears fill her own eyes. Her mama may be over-excitable but at least she loved her children with a passion. Mr. Darcy, when Elizabeth turned to him, was smiling at Mrs. Bennet, "I could have told you that Mrs. Bennet." Darcy laughed as she turned to him. "Hello Mr. Darcy, long time, no see," Mrs. Bennet teased; for, in truth, she had seen him only yesterday when he had attended their home for the evening meal. "Always a pleasure," Mr. Darcy teased back; his fingers tipped the rim of his hat. The congregation joined together in the jubilant sound of laughter; which caused the passers-by to stop and stare at the small group. That had caused the girls to giggle and blush in embarrassment. Mr. Darcy was the first to regain his composure, "Mr. and Mrs. Bennet, Bingley and I had hoped to extend a dinner invitation to you and your family for this evening at eight. My sister arrived late last night and I had hoped to introduce you all before the wedding. Is that acceptable to you?" Mr. Bingley was nodding along quite fiercely, his eyes never once leaving Jane's face. Elizabeth smiled and felt a soft feeling fill her chest. Mr. Bennet was eying his family, trying to gage whether they were adverse to the idea or not. It should not have come as a surprise when he saw no argument in sight. Thus, he nodded his head "We would be honoured." Mr. Darcy and Mr. Bingley smiled and bowed to them. They then admitted that they needed to head back to Netherfield to check on Miss Darcy, Mrs. Hurst and Miss Bingley. The Bennets bid their farewells and watched the two gentlemen walk to a pair of horses tied up outside Augustus's shop. Now I know how they had met, Lizzie thought with a soft smile. "Right," Mr. Bennet rubbed his hands together. "Shall we head back home? I know you ladies will want plenty of time to dress etc." The Bennet girls had already started by the time he had finished talking; causing Mr. Bennet to chuckle and take a hold of a giggling Mrs. Bennet's arm. They had exactly seven hours till dinner and Mr. Bennet knew that it would be a complete rush and he was not looking forward to it. Oh well, he thought, I will sit in the library until it is time. With that in mind, Mr. Bennet started whistling softly. Six and a half hours later… The clock on the mantel struck half past seven when Mr. Bennet finally emerged from his library. As he had predicted, the house had been a hive of busy bees with the housekeeper and maids running to help each of the ladies of the house get ready. Upon witnessing the scene, Mr. Bennet had chuckled and made a mad dash for his library before the house had grown too loud. When he left the study, the house had been quiet for quite some time which worried him. However, he was pleased to see all of the women standing waiting to leave. What a picture they made; Mrs. Bennet especially. The sight of his wife stirred feelings in him that had been missing for many years. How he loved that woman; though he never admitted to it. He was not quite sure when the last time he had uttered the words was but he knew that it was not recently and that pained him greatly. She was really a beautiful woman though he may not have noticed before. That night, he definitely did. She was dressed in a green muslin gown with lace trimmings and green slippers. The colour complimented her eyes and brought out the colour of her skin. Her hair had green gems entwined within it and it was piled upon her head in an elegant fashion. She was utterly breath-taking. Elizabeth was dressed in an elegant blue muslin gown with black lace and blue slippers upon her feet. She looked healthy which was a look that had been absent since her attack. He often worried for her because she was his little girl and life would not be complete without her or the other girls. He loved his family very much and he would fall apart if he lost one of them. "Shall we head out then?" His daughters nodded and followed after their father. At Netherfield House… Darcy sat with his sister on the couch, listening to her run down of life at Pemberley and what new things she had learnt that month. Though the conversation held no interest for Darcy, he found himself captivated anyway. The way his sister spoke was so enthusiastic and alive he realised how much of his sister's life he had missed. No wonder she let herself be fooled by the likes of Mr. Wickham, Darcy's thoughts darkened. How had he not seen that coming? Surely he must have known that he had left his sister open to all sorts of attacks. Still, it was too late to worry about it. What was done was done; there was no way he could change the past. Not then and certainly not in the future. All he was able to do was protect his little sister and his future wife to the best of his abilities and give them every joy in the world that he could. The door of the parlour opened to reveal the butler who announced the arrival of the Bennet family. Georgiana seemed to bounce in her seat upon hearing the announcement which settled some of Darcy's nerves. He was worried over nothing; Elizabeth and Georgiana would get on like a house on fire. That was a given seeing as how Georgiana got on with Miss Bingley who was nowhere near as sweet as Elizabeth. So, really, he had nothing to fear from the evening. Except maybe the way he would react upon sight of Elizabeth that was. She looked absolutely breath taking. The colour had returned to her cheeks and seemed to glow with health when she walked in to the room. The colour of her muslin gown matched the entrancing colour of her eyes and Darcy found himself under the power of her spell yet again. For Miss Elizabeth Bennet was a wonder and Darcy felt his chest glow with the knowledge that she was only his. ….. The Bennet family are quite spectacular this evening, Bingley thought as he drunk in the general picture the family made. Mrs. Bennet was quite beautiful in her Green muslin gown as was Miss Elizabeth in her blue muslin gown. Miss Lydia wore a pink assemblage of muslin that brought out the childlike features of her face. Miss Kitty wore a purple muslin gown which made her appear much older than she was and Miss Mary Bennet wore a pale orange muslin dress that brought out the brown of her hair and made her eyes appear to be on fire. Bingley must admit, however, that none of them matched the beauty of Miss Jane Bennet. Jane wore a beautiful red gown that was trimmed with black lace and embroidery. The gown hugged her waist perfectly and fell to the floor in a graceful cascade of colour that reminded Bingley of a waterfall. Albeit, an oddly coloured waterfall 'twas true. Her eyes glimmered with happiness and the softness of her pale cheeks reminded Bingley of smooth milk and white down. The lady truly was mouth-wateringly perfect and hopefully one day the fine lady would be his to call "my love". "Welcome Mr. Bennet, Mrs. Bennet, Miss Bennet, Elizabeth, Miss Mary Bennet, Miss Kitty Bennet and Miss Lydia Bennet. We have been joyously awaiting your arrival." Darcy greeted the Bennet's which caused Bingley to blush; thank the Lord for Darcy. Bingley had been too busy looking at Jane to tell that they had been expecting a word of welcome from their host. He was such a fool sometimes. "May I introduce my sister, Georgiana," He held his hand out to his sister who clasped it in her own. They smiled at one another and Georgiana rose to her feet and bowed to the Bennets. They bowed in return. "Georgiana, these are the Bennets." "It is a pleasure to meet you all. I am glad that my brother had found someone as wonderful as your daughter. He has told me so much about you all." Georgiana blushed, shyly. "Thank you Georgiana. Your compliments are quite heart-warming. Though we have only just met, I am certain we shall be great friends." Elizabeth said, coming to stand in front of Darcy and Georgiana. "I am Elizabeth; it is a pleasure to meet you too." Elizabeth embraced Georgiana who took in a sharp breath in shock. Bingley sighed happily. Family; such a beautiful thing, He thought dreamily. …. "Welcome one and all. Please, take a seat." Bingley announced to the room. Darcy watched as his friend traipsed across the room to engage Mr. and Mrs. Bennet and Miss Jane Bennet in polite conversation. Darcy shook his head at his lovesick friend. Sometimes Darcy wondered if Bingley truly had a serviceable brain. He had left the welcoming to Darcy who was not the one who had arranged the meal. Yes, he may have extended the invitation to the Bennets but that was only because Bingley had forgotten to mention it to Mr. Bennet when they were buying their wedding attire. The house was Bingley's; therefore he should take care of the specifics himself. Besides, it was his idea that they should hold a small meal with the Bennets while his sisters were out of town. Shaking his head, Darcy returned his attention to his sister and his wife-to-be. They were discussing their favourite books and their favourite musical masterpiece. Darcy discovered that Elizabeth enjoyed the writings of Johnathon Swift and that she especially enjoyed his book named Gulliver's Travels. "It was about a man who was shipwrecked and found himself washed up on the sand dunes of Lilliput. The tale is quite enthralling really. I recommend you read it sometime." Elizabeth explained, whilst Darcy made a mental note to read the book. She seemed to come alive when speaking of the story so Darcy knew it must have been good. Darcy also found out that Elizabeth was in love with Beethoven's Piano Sonata No.14. Darcy had to admit that his future wife had impeccable taste. That happened to be one of Darcy's favourites too. That was brought to Elizabeth's attention by Georgiana who bounced in her seat with excitement. "Great minds think alike, don't they Darcy?" Georgiana giggled. Darcy smiled warmly at his younger sister who seemed to have stepped out of her shell an awful lot in Elizabeth's presence. He had known the evening had been a good idea. Before either Darcy or Elizabeth could respond, the doors of the parlour burst open to emit an awfully bedraggled Lady Catherine De Bourgh. Darcy froze in shock. Hearing the soft intake of breath beside him from his sister, Darcy got over his initial shock and stood to bow at the unexpected and very unwelcome guest. "I demand a word with you, Mr. Darcy," Lady Catherine spat through her teeth. At the same time the butler announced, "I did try to stop her, sir, but she did not listen." Bingley nodded his head sagely as he eyed Darcy's aunt with dislike. "You cannot stop me from speaking to my nephew." Lady Catherine cried in indignation. Darcy shook his head at his aunt's behaviour and looked to his left to see his sister doing the same. Elizabeth wore a mask of confusion upon her face as she looked from Darcy to Lady Catherine. "Shall we take this to another room, Aunt; I am sure you have much to discuss with me." Darcy swiped his arm to the door and started walking towards his aunt. Lady Catherine pointed at Elizabeth with a distasteful sneer upon her wrinkled face. "You." she hissed out like a snake. Elizabeth shrunk back in alarm and Darcy glared at his aunt in anger. "You are the one who fits the description that odd little man gave to me. You will come with us too. I want to have words." The old lady hissed threateningly as breezed from the room with what sounded like a growl. Darcy took a deep breath and turned to Elizabeth, "Into the jaws of Hell we go." Darcy murmured as he held his hand out to Elizabeth. Elizabeth laughed and took hold of his proffered hand and rose to her feet. With her hand securely locked through his arm; Darcy and Elizabeth marched towards the incoming storm. …. Bingley watched Darcy and Miss Elizabeth march from the room with concern in his eyes. Hopefully that old beast will be finished with her words soon so that they could return to their evening in peace. "What a charming Lady," Mrs. Bennet muttered loud enough for the whole room to hear. A spattering of laughter sounded around the room and soon the room was filled with the harmonies of laughter. Bingley noticed that the butler was still in the door way so he nodded to the man to continue with what he was going to say. "Begging your pardon Milord, but dinner is served," The butler announced and Bingley nodded in understanding. The butler bowed and then left the room.
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time: Bingley nodded in understanding. The butler bowed and then left the room. Chapter 15 Part Two With Darcy, Elizabeth and Lady Catherine De Bourgh The room that they finally came to a stop in was relatively big and held two graceful love seats and an armchair. The servants rushed in and started building a fire to warm the cool air of the sitting space. Elizabeth watched Darcy's elderly aunt lower herself onto the loveseat closest to the fire. Elizabeth turned her gaze sharply away when Lady De Bourgh's cold, calculating eyes shot to Elizabeth. Elizabeth could not help the small flinch she emitted when she felt the gaze burning in to her face. The old woman really knew how to make people uncomfortable, Elizabeth thought sullenly as she turned her gaze to Darcy. He was watching his aunt with a heated glare upon his face and it helped Elizabeth to relax. She was not in the situation alone, she reminded herself. Upon Darcy's encouragement, Elizabeth settled on the loveseat opposite Lady Catherine with Darcy beside her. "May I enquire, Lady Catherine, as to why you are here? It seems to be a great distance to come for a mere congratulatory speech." Darcy inquired innocently but Elizabeth heard the undertone of warning in his voice. Elizabeth turned to Lady Catherine and saw that she heard it too. Lady Catherine's face turned into a sneer of annoyance as she eyed her nephew and his future wife. With an undignified snort, the lady complained, "If I had wished to congratulate you nephew, then I would have merely done it by post. But you know that I am not here to congratulate anyone because no-one is getting married." Darcy's shoulders stiffened and Elizabeth felt her own grow rigid in confusion. Lady Catherine was definitely not a thing like Darcy or Miss Darcy. She was very forward. "May I ask as to why you may think that aunt?" Darcy asked with a spark of annoyance in his voice. Lady Catherine raised one eyebrow at her nephew and glared back at him. "I will not allow you to squander your Father's money on a Hedge-Creeper like this one." Lady Catherine announced, pointing a dainty finger in Elizabeth's direction. Elizabeth felt her cheeks heat in indignation and she let out a shrill, "How dare you-!" Darcy cut her off and encircled her hand in his. "I will not allow you to insult my future wife. Either you stop or you can leave. Elizabeth is not a prostitute and I do not take kindly to you calling her one." Darcy warned with a growl. Lady Catherine seemed momentarily stunned but quickly recovered. "How dare you ruin your family's reputation by marrying someone so low," Lady Catherine glowered. She turned her gaze onto Elizabeth, "You do know that he will never marry you. I will not allow it. He is engaged to my daughter and has been since he was a lad. I do not take kindly to you rearing your head in a place that it is not wanted nor welcome." Elizabeth felt her anger bubbling beneath her skin but she would not let the woman know that she had affected her. "I had no idea about the prior engagements between your daughter and Mr. Darcy. Nor did I know that he has an aunt as unsavoury. All I know is that I love your nephew and do not wish to abuse him or his trust. You come here sprouting obscenities about me when you have not even held a conversation with me. I most definitely am not a prostitute and I am most definitely not after Mr. Darcy's money. So I would like for you to take back those words. You judge people too harshly." Elizabeth stated calmly and fixed the woman with a cool gaze. Lady Catherine huffed and turned to Darcy, "Are you going to allow her to be so rude to me? The girl should learn her place." "No, Lady Catherine, everything Elizabeth has said is true. It is you who needs to learn her place." Darcy turned a beaming smile onto Elizabeth and she saw his eyes dance with Pride. He winked at Elizabeth and then schooled his features back into a ferocious glare and turned to his aunt. "I believe you have said what you have come here to say, so please leave." "How dare you. I am your aunt and I deserve more respect than this." Lady Catherine cried indignantly. Darcy shot to his feet and snarled through his teeth. "You deserve no such thing. Respect goes both ways and you will not get respect from me or from Elizabeth. You must treat people the way you wish to be treated. I learnt that lesson in a very difficult way. Now maybe you should learn that lesson also." Darcy stormed to the sitting room door and roughly pulled it open. He raised his hand and pointed to the open doorway. "Get out Lady Catherine and do not come back." "Your parents would be so disappointed in you, Fitzwilliam. You have let them down and they would be turning in their graves." Lady Catherine tutted and rose to her feet. Darcy shook his head and Elizabeth saw the hurt in his eyes but he hid it well. "No Aunt, they would be turning in their graves watching you parade around like you are better than everyone else. Now leave my friend's home before I physically manoeuvre you out." Darcy threatened. Lady Catherine stared at him with a raised eyebrow; goading him to dare. Darcy took a step forward and smiled with satisfaction as his aunt waddled past him as quickly as she could. "This is not over, Fitzwilliam. I will be back," Lady Catherine cried as she exited the room. Elizabeth could hear the woman crying out all the way to the front door. "My nephew is ruined. I hope he knows he no longer has a place with me if the wedding should turn sour." Elizabeth rolled her eyes and felt her back relax with the click of the front door. Darcy seemed to have something weighing heavily upon his shoulders and, as he approached a seat and sat, it looked as if he was being compressed by a ton of bricks. "Are you ill, Darcy?" Elizabeth asked as a servant silently slipped within the room. My mother must have sent her, Elizabeth thought with an inward sigh. "No my darling, I am quite alright. I am more than alright, even." Darcy admitted with a full grin. Elizabeth felt her heart flutter in response and her thoughts were filled with, how handsome he is. Darcy stood up and approached Elizabeth whilst opening his arms for an embrace. Elizabeth stepped into the embrace willingly and felt a sudden peacefulness spread over her. Her inner turmoil was quietened and her world seemed to right itself once again. Although, she could still hear Catherine's parting threat haunting her memory. If she was somebody different she would probably have laughed off the threat. However, after everything that had happened she knew better than to take threats lightly. "What do you think she will do? She said you have no place with her yet she also said that she would be back. Do you think she might be planning something?" Elizabeth inquired. Elizabeth felt Darcy shake his head and press his lips to her head. "My aunt is old and has not got much of an imagination. She is harmless," Darcy said, with a huff of laughter. Elizabeth wondered if Darcy was just saying those words to pacify her but then decided that he was probably right. He had known the woman a lot longer than Elizabeth had. Thank goodness, Elizabeth's thoughts supplied. Elizabeth smiled and hugged Darcy closer to her body. "Annie, you may go now. Miss Elizabeth and I shall head to the dining room in a moment." Darcy said. Elizabeth frowned in confusion at Darcy's words and turned towards the door. The small maid stood nervously by the door; trying to keep her eyes adverted from the scene in front of her. Oh, I forgot she was there, Elizabeth thought as she sent a small smile towards the girl. The girl smiled awkwardly back at Elizabeth and curtseyed. She scurried out of the door as quick as her small legs could carry her. "My sister really should not worry herself so. The girl need not have come in here." Darcy muttered softly to himself and Elizabeth spun her head to face him. She muttered a soft, "Oh," and looked rather sheepish. "What is it, Elizabeth?" Darcy asked with a small smile tugging at his lips. Elizabeth giggled and turned her face into his chest. "I thought it was my mother who sent the maid in." Elizabeth admitted with another soft giggle. Darcy chuckled softly, "Is that what has you turning into an interesting shade of strawberry?" Darcy inquired which caused Elizabeth's cheeks to darken even more. With an answering chuckle, Darcy said, "My sister is quite protective of me when she thinks I am being threatened. Annie may not look like much but she has been trained to act as a bodyguard if anything was to go awry." At Elizabeth's look of incredulity Darcy smiled and put his hands up in a placating manner. "It may be hard to believe, I know, because she appears small and fragile not to mention shy. However, that is what makes her into a deadly assassin." Darcy explained in a manner that made Elizabeth doubt his story. It all seemed too unreal. Darcy laughed again, "People do not expect the unexpected. They would not suspect someone of the weaker sex to know how to kill someone sufficiently." By Darcy's tone, Elizabeth knew he was not one of the many multitudes of people who thought women to be the weaker sex. At least, not any longer and that made something melt inside Elizabeth's heart. "Besides," Darcy continued. "Georgiana would not allow me to hire two fully trained men to look after her twenty four hours of the day. Her reasoning being that there would be moments within the day where they would have to leave her unprotected. When she put it like that, I knew she was right. So, Georgiana bid me to have one of the maids trained alongside Georgiana herself, so that she would truly be protected twenty four hours of the day." Darcy smiled softly and kissed Elizabeth's head. "Thus, Georgiana chose Annie, her ladies maid, to train beside her. Every time she finds herself in danger, I can rest easy knowing that she will be properly protected." Darcy sighed but then his spine stiffened. "That is not to say that I would not be beside myself with worry trying to find her and that I would not try to protect her myself." Darcy assured, though Elizabeth was not sure who he was trying to assure. Elizabeth knew he would never leave his sister to the mercy of someone cruel. Maybe he was trying to assure himself? "Darcy, I know you would do everything in your power to protect your family which is why I feel fortunate enough that you have chosen to take me as your wife." Elizabeth admitted and raised her head to look at him with every inch of happiness that was resounding inside of her. "I love you Fitzwilliam Darcy. Always and forever." With that last thought, Elizabeth rose onto her toes and captured Darcy's lips in a soft kiss. In the dining room The room was tense with worry. They had all heard Lady Catherine's loud departure but Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy still had not returned. Had something happened? Is Lizzie alright? Jane twisted her hands together in apprehension and she sat watching her lap; afraid to look up and see the echo of her worry in all of the faces present. It must have been a good twenty minutes before the door to the dining room opened and Jane felt her head shoot towards the door. It was the young maid that Miss Darcy had sent out in search of her brother. The maid walked towards Miss Darcy and whispered something in her ear. Miss Darcy's face lit up in a small smile and her back straightened. Everyone was watching the young woman anxiously. "Is everything alright, Miss Darcy?" Mrs. Bennet asked when her nerves could no longer take the silence. "Aye, everything is fine, Mrs. Bennet. My brother and Miss Elizabeth shall return shortly. They are just having a moment to themselves." Miss Darcy explained and with that the anxiety and apprehension dissipated from the room. "Okay good. Okay fine," Lydia whispered beneath her breath and let out a long breath and sunk back into her chair. Everyone seemed to agree with her statement though her words remained un-heard by everyone but Jane. The atmosphere of the dining hall seemed to lighten and Jane finally felt able to raise her head. Though she wished she had not because, out of the corner of her eye, Jane could see Mr. Bingley watching her with an almost wistful expression. Jane blushed and set her eyes upon her plate. She could not help but feel a little sad that things were rather strained between her and Mr. Bingley because she had found herself falling in love with him. But, after everything, she had pushed him away and she could not help but feel that this had ruined her chances of ever marrying Mr. Bingley. Why would he want to marry a woman that broke his heart? That was if she had, indeed, broken his heart. Sneaking a sly glance towards the man she felt tenderness for, she could not help but notice that he did not seem broken hearted. Perhaps, he did not feel the same way. With her thoughts cloaked in sadness and guilt, Jane turned her eyes away from the man she loved and felt a growing uneasiness within her. The door opened for a second time and emitted the Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy. Jane felt a smile of relief flood her cheeks and she let out a happy "Oh Lizzie!" The room erupted in questioning voices worrying if the pair were alright and asking about what happened. Jane felt a little bit guilty; if only she hadn't of brought attention to their entrance. Then again, Jane was sure they would have been attacked with questions as soon as someone else had spotted them and brought attention to them. After Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth explained everything that had passed between them and Lady Catherine, the meal continued in companionable conversation. Lydia and Kitty regaled some tales of their stay with their aunt and uncle in London. They mentioned that they had attended a few gatherings and met some friendly people. The whole table was entranced in the excitement and soon all the women were wishing to be in London and experiencing the things that the three younger Bennet's had. All except Miss Darcy, she seemed to be rather silent though she did follow the conversations animatedly. Jane was worried that the poor girl was overwhelmed by the chattering of her two younger sisters. Jane could easily understand her hesitance because they seemed to be rather engrossed. Miss Darcy happened to turn Jane's way and Jane let her face light up in a soft smile. The young woman blushed but smiled back just as warmly. The meal shortly came to an end and everyone retired to the sitting room. The room was buzzing with excitement about the upcoming nuptials and were discussing where the happy couple planned to go for the honeymoon. Jane watched fondly as Lizzie's face lit up like the sun when she spoke of her marriage to Mr. Darcy. Elizabeth deserved a happy married life after the trauma she had been through and Jane was glad that she found someone who loved her whole-heartedly. A sudden hush filled the room as Mr. Bingley rose to his feet and cleared his throat. "Mr. Bennet, Mrs. Bennet, Miss Bennets, would you be opposed to taking a stroll through the gardens? They are quite beautiful tonight." Jane looked at her family and saw that they were all rather eager and Jane smiled softly at the bright look upon Elizabeth's face. "We would be honoured, Mr. Bingley. I must admit I have not yet had the chance to stroll in the gardens at night. It would be a pleasant respite." Mrs. Bennet nodded and rose. She then looked at her girls with a meaningful look. "Would it not, girls?" "Yes, we would be most honoured," Jane, Lydia, Kitty and Mary murmured in unison which caused them to all laugh softly. "I would like that very much," Elizabeth said as she smiled lovingly at her sisters and her parents. Elizabeth stood up and silently took Mr. Darcy's arm when he offered it to her. They both smiled blindingly at each other as their eyes shone with love and happiness. The room soon dispersed into the garden they all branched off into their own little groups. Jane watched her mother take her father's arm and she felt a peace spread through her. It was nice for her to know and to see that her parents were still… happily in love. That was what she wanted with the person she would marry. If that ever happens of course, Jane though wryly. Jane felt a presence beside her and turned to see a very beautiful sight. It was Mr. Bingley. Jane felt her heart begin to flutter and her knees started to buckle beneath her. However, Jane caught herself before she could embarrass herself in front of the man she… admired. "Miss Bennet, I was wondering if you would mind accompanying me on this walk? I would like to ask you something important." Jane quickly looked around her for an escape but all her options were taken: Elizabeth and Mr. Darcy were speaking in hush tones to each other as the gazed longingly into each other's eyes. Lydia, Kitty and Miss Darcy were busy gossiping about the latest fashions in London and Mary was half listening to them and half reading a new book she found in her uncle's library. Which just left Mama and Papa but they seemed to be too engrossed in each other to really pay attention to anything else. In the end, Jane just turned and nodded to Mr. Bingley with a soft smile upon her face. "Grand," Mr. Bingley said as he looped her left arm through his and turned them in the direction of a small bench beside the water's edge. "You have a very beautiful garden, Mr. Bingley. I am quite sure someone could easily get lost within it." Jane stated as a way to disperse the awkward tension between them. It worked, for Bingley laughed and the tension seemed to leave his body instantly. "Your quite right, Miss Bennet, I have known many people who have said the same about these gardens. Mr. Darcy being one of them." Mr. Bingley admitted with a grin. After a minute or so, his face was cast in shadows of tension once again as a thought entered his mind. "Miss Bennet, I must admit to you that the reason I asked to walk with you is because I have something very important to ask you." Mr. Bingley said and Jane felt her heart begin to beat double its normal pace. "From the moment I saw you I was… enraptured by your beauty. Then as I came to know you, I fell in love with your courage, your heart, your selflessness and most of all; I fell in love with your strength. There are not many women who could keep their wits about them when a person they love is missing. You showed great knowledge and provided comfort to your parents and siblings as you all waited for news on Elizabeth's whereabouts. Not only do you look like one of God's angels but you act like an angel. You are something that should be treasured." Mr. Bingley took a deep breath. Jane felt tears stinging her eyes and her heart was fluttering beyond belief. This was it. Jane was sure of it. "Miss Jane Bennet, would you do me the extraordinary honour of becoming my wife?" Jane felt her lungs constrict and the tears that had threatened to spill came down her cheeks in a wild waterfall. Mr. Bingley frowned and gently wiped away her tears. "I hope those are happy tears rather than tears of sadness. Your parents and I would be most disappointed if they were tears of sadness." Jane smiled brightly at him and reached up and took his hand in hers. "Yes, I will marry you." Mr. Bingley beamed like she had given him the whole world Jane smiled and held Bingley's hand to her mouth. "I have something to admit to you Mr. Bingley." Jane's eyes became serious and her mind smiled in amusement as she watched Mr. Bingley's face become wary. After a second of gazing at the man she loved, she finally felt enough courage to put him out of his misery. "I love you too, Mr. Bingley, with all my heart." Bingley's face lit up once again in his blinding smile and Jane could not help leaning forward and capturing his lips with her own. A/N: hey guys, sorry I am so late with this upload. I was having writers block. Sorry that the disagreement between Elizabeth, Mr. Darcy and Lady Catherine was so short. I just felt that the coldness with which Catherine was treated would explain her later actions. I hope you enjoyed it. ForeverReading1
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Bingley's face lit up once again in his blinding smile and Jane could not help leaning forward and capturing his lips with her own. Chapter 16: The Wedding Day Dawn broke across the horizon and the once dark streets soon turned into a busy hive of activity and a burst of bright colours. Children emerged from their houses and began to gather in the square to play with their friends. Their laughter brightened the whole scene immensely and Darcy felt his heart swell with uncontrollable happiness. It was the day of his wedding to Elizabeth and the beautiful morning ignited the endless hope that today would be the best day of Darcy's life. Darcy had woken before the sunrise and had decided that a ride upon Aznavour would calm his frazzled nerves. Darcy was humming with anticipation and also apprehension. The anticipation of seeing Elizabeth after a while apart and of finally calling her his wife meant that Darcy could not rest easy. Then there was the unquenchable apprehension of what was to come on their wedding night. Darcy knew that Elizabeth would not be ready for that kind of intimacy and he was certainly not willing to push her into something she did not want. Therefore, he promised himself and Elizabeth that he would not consummate their wedding until Elizabeth said that she wanted to. It was her comfort that meant the most to him especially after everything that had passed. He loved her and he would not push her away. Not like before. She would never again be hurt by a man who did not understand or that did not care for her. She was his life now. There was simply no-one else for him. Darcy heard the birds chirping in the tall canopies of the trees and his heart lightened his mind. Today was a beautiful day and he was soon to marry the most beautiful woman in the world. However, first he had to get ready. With that in mind, Darcy turned Aznavour towards Netherfield and rode a fast as Aznavour's legs could go. With Elizabeth at Longbourn. The sweet song of the morning Lark woke Elizabeth that morning. There was a soft glow within her room which softened the glare of the white walls. Elizabeth let out a happy and content sigh. It was her wedding day. Hers. Miss Elizabeth Bennett; soon to be called Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy. Her heart soared at the idea of being married to such a handsome man. How Elizabeth loved him. With another contented sigh, Elizabeth rose from her nice warm bed and greeted the morning with a very big smile. Her spirit felt free and her mind felt light. Gone were the dark shadows that haunted her dreams and her waking hours. She was finally beginning to see the happy side to life. All thanks to Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy, her fiancée. Another sigh left her throat. A gentle knock interrupted Elizabeth's happy haze. "Come in," she called out to her visitor. After a moment's hesitation, Jane's head came around the bedroom door. "Jane, how are you my dear sister?" "I am grand, Lizzie. I have come to see if you would like some help with getting ready?" Jane asked, rather unsure of herself. She entered the room when Elizabeth beckoned her in. She was followed closely by Tulip. "I would be glad of your help. As is Tulip, I am sure," She smiled brightly at both of the women who have been strong fixtures in Elizabeth's life. How she loved these two women who had been her confidants for her whole life. She could not have managed without their guidance. Elizabeth smiled softly at the two women and opened her arms wide. Jane flew into Elizabeth's arms as if wild animals were nipping at her heels and Jane wrapped Elizabeth in a tight embrace that made Elizabeth's breath become laboured. Elizabeth laughed when Jane flushed red and lightened her hold upon Elizabeth's slender waist. Tulip was watching the two siblings with adoration and happiness as the two girls clung to each other and giggled. However, when Jane and Elizabeth opened their arms for Tulip to enter; Tulip hung back in apprehension. It was not right for a Lady's maid to hug her mistresses. Jane looked at Elizabeth with exasperated fondness and grabbed Tulip's arm and pulled her into the circle of arms. Tulip stood frozen for a few moments but quickly relaxed when Elizabeth placed a soft kiss upon her cheek and upon Jane's cheek. "Thank you both for being there for me when I needed you. You are both my family and I could not have managed without you." With one last squeeze, Elizabeth broke the hug and pretended not to see Tulip wiping her eyes with a handkerchief. "Shall we get ye ready then, Miss? Wouldna want ye late for ye own wedding now would we?" Tulip asked, her true northern heritage breaking through her softer Hertfordshire accent. Elizabeth smiled at her sister and her maid in excitement and nodded enthusiastically. Tulip giggled and ran from the room, setting up the bath in the adjacent room. Elizabeth turned to her sister to see her watching Elizabeth with a fond gaze. "How do you fare, Jane?" Elizabeth inquired as she walked over to her sister. "I am quite well, Elizabeth. I am certainly looking forward to seeing you married. My younger sister, all grown up." Jane whispered, tears forming in her eyes. Elizabeth smiled and said, "Who would have thought? Me, married?" Elizabeth fell back upon her bed and giggled. "I always thought that you would be married first." Elizabeth admitted. Elizabeth heard Jane's intake of breath and turned to eye her sister's tear stained face. "Jane?" "Can I tell you a secret, Lizzie?" Elizabeth nodded enthusiastically and moved over for her sister to lay down beside her. There was a moment of silence, in which Elizabeth believed Jane was not going to say anything. Just as Elizabeth opened her mouth to say; "You do not have to say," Jane spoke. "Mr Bingley asked me to marry him." Elizabeth shot up and stared at her beaming older sister. "When?" Elizabeth urged in excitement. "The night of the meal at Netherfield when we met Miss Georgiana Darcy." Jane admitted as her cheeks flooded with heat. Elizabeth stared at her sister in shock as the news settled in her head. Once the initial shock wore off, Elizabeth flung herself into her sister's arms. "I am so happy for you Jane. Why did you not tell me sooner or Mama or Papa?" Elizabeth asked in a rush. "Papa knows. Mr Bingley spoke with him when the men retired and Mr Darcy remained with you and his sister. I did not tell anyone else because I did not want the light to fade from your joyous occasion. Your moment is more important than my own. You deserve this time." Jane explained and she hugged her sister. Elizabeth felt her eyes water, "Thank you Jane. It means a lot." Elizabeth began. "Although I would much rather have known about you. You are my sister and we have no secrets." Elizabeth's tone was joking but there was a weightiness to it that reflected her hurt. Jane rose from her laying position and watched Elizabeth's face. Once she realised why Elizabeth sounded like she did, she wrapped her arms tightly around her sister. "I did not mean to hurt you. I just felt that you deserved the happy attention to be on you for a while. I apologise, Lizzie." Jane whispered. "I love you Lizzie." Jane murmured with a kiss placed upon Elizabeth's head. "I love you too, Jane…" Elizabeth was going to carry on with the conversation when Tulip plodded back into the room and beamed at Elizabeth. "Let us begin, shall we?" Jane asked as she happily followed Tulip. Elizabeth stared at the ceiling for a moment, revisiting the conversation that had just passed. With a sigh, Elizabeth rose to her feet and followed her sister and Tulip to the washroom; excitement fully restored. With Darcy at Netherfield. The house was filled with bustling servants which meant that the peacefulness, that usually transcended this great property, was broken. Darcy could not bring himself to be annoyed however. The servants were just excited about Darcy's wedding. Darcy could not fault them because he, himself, was excited for it. It had been a long time coming and Darcy was happy that he finally was able to marry the woman he truly loved. Darcy felt the excitement buzzing beneath his skin like a swarm of bees. As his Valet worked around his chamber, collecting clothing and placing them out, Darcy found that he could not keep still. His body was filled with nervous energy that he could not disperse. He felt like he could run for miles and not be tired, swim a league and still have energy to go again twenty times. He was finally getting married. Married! Me, Darcy thought as he finally decided to rise from his bed; which he had decided to creep back into after his ride with Aznavour. He literally leaped from the bed which caused his poor Valet to drop the clothes he was holding. Darcy grabbed a hold of his valet and spun him around as if they were dancing. He was just so happy. His Valet, however, looked appalled and shocked. Darcy finally let him go, shamefaced, and walked briskly into his bathing chamber. Embarrassment flooded his cheeks but did not put a dampener on his good mood. He relaxed in his violet scented bath and relaxed his contracting muscles. The heat poured through his body at a rate of noughts and Darcy could not help the happy sigh that slipped from his lips. Today was the day that Darcy's life finally began. With Elizabeth outside the church two hours later The time it had taken for Elizabeth's family to ready themselves meant that they were running slightly behind schedule. Elizabeth, Jane, Mrs. and Mr. Bennet as well as Mary had to wait for Elizabeth's idle younger sisters to finally grace the world with their loud presence. Once that had been done, then it had been a chaotic hour or so until they were finally presentable. They had rushed down the stairs, apologised and gushed at how beautiful Elizabeth looked and then ran off to sit in the coach that was outside the front of the house. The older Bennet's looked at each other and shook their heads softly in fond exasperation. With a few final, 'So beautiful, Lizzy''s, the Bennet's were finally off. The ride to the church was filled with nervous, excited chatter and a few tearful episodes. When the coach finally stopped, Mrs. Bennet and Elizabeth's sisters rushed out and into the church. Elizabeth giggled as she watched them go and took her father's offered hand. Elizabeth descended from the coach to a few 'ooh's and 'ahh's from observers who had halted their ministrations to watch the bride walk down the steps from the coach. Elizabeth blushed and smiled at the onlookers, who smiled back. "Ready my love," Mr. Bennet asked her. She nodded and took her father's arm and they began the walk inside the church. Pachelbel's Canon played out from the church organ and Elizabeth's eyes skimmed over the many faces that filled the hall. She cannot say that she recognised all of the faces there but there were a few that she did. The Bingley's were there as was Miss Darcy and obviously Elizabeth's family were there too. There were the shop keepers that often served Elizabeth and her family. There was Charlotte, her husband Mr. Collins who happened to be Elizabeth's cousin as well, as well as her family members. There were also a lot of Mrs. Bennet's friends as well as Mr. Darcy's friends, Elizabeth assumed. Elizabeth smiled and nodded at them all as she slowly walked down the aisle. Her eyes broke away from their gazes and searched for the man she loved. He was there, standing proud and beautiful, in front of the congregation. He was smiling at Elizabeth, through his eyes, with uncontrollable happiness. His face, however, was relaxed and impassive. Elizabeth smiled at Darcy and felt happy with the idea that Darcy only allowed her to see his true emotions. It meant that he was comfortable with only her and that brought great peace to Elizabeth's rampaging heart. Elizabeth soon reached the altar and with a kiss from her father, her hand was placed within Darcy's. Elizabeth's smile grew and she held his hand as tight as she could. Darcy's lips twitched with the briefest smile before he led Elizabeth the rest of the way to the Vicar. "Dearly beloved, we are gathered here in the sight of God, and in the face of this congregation," With these words, the priest began the long awaited ceremony. "to join together this man and this woman..." The Priest turns his body towards Darcy, whose eyes were shining with pride though his face remained impassive. The priest then turned soft eyes upon Elizabeth and smiled at her with kindness and fondness. The priest had christened Elizabeth and seen her grow up. Now he was conducting her wedding ceremony. Life had almost completed a whole circle. "in holy matrimony, which is an honourable estate; instituted by God in the time of man's innocence, signifying unto us the mystical union that is between Christ and His church," The vicar carried on and Elizabeth felt her stomach flutter with butterflies. She was almost Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy. Just a few more minutes. Elizabeth squeezed Darcy's hand and he turned his fiery eyes upon her and smiled. Elizabeth beamed at the man she loved and her insides melted when Darcy pressed her hand back. "and therefore is not by any to be taken lightly, or wantonly, to satisfy man's carnal lusts and appetites, but reverently, discreetly, advisedly, soberly, and in the fear of God, duly considering the causes for which matrimony was ordained." The vicar looked sharply at Darcy and Elizabeth knew that the man was warning Darcy to not hurt Elizabeth by leading her into a false marriage. Elizabeth felt a softness spread within her as she watched Darcy square his shoulders and stare intensely into the eyes of the priest. Once the priest was satisfied, he nodded and continued. "First, it was ordained for the procreation of children. Secondly, as a remedy against sin, and to avoid fornication. Thirdly, for the mutual society, help and comfort that the one ought to have of the other, both in prosperity and adversity, into which holy estate these persons present come now to be joined." The vicar announced and the church rang with the silence. The wedding proceeded without a hitch and soon enough, Miss Elizabeth Bennett became Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy and Mr. Darcy became the happiest man alive. The street filled with well-wishers and friends and family and Elizabeth felt her eyes fill with happy tears. She had never felt so free. Darcy was finally hers and she was finally his. Elizabeth turned her tearful, loving gaze unto her husband and saw that the man's eyes were smiling brightly as he lovingly watched his bride. The goodbyes to their family and friends were the hardest for Elizabeth to bear. She embraced each of her sisters tightly, as well as her parents, and thanked them when they wished her good luck. She promised to be in touch to keep them up to date with the wedding honeymoon. After Jane promised to wait for Elizabeth to return home from her honeymoon to get married, Elizabeth turned to her new husband. Darcy was bidding farewell to his sister, who had decided to spend the next month or so getting to know her new family members. Darcy had agreed after much persuasion from Elizabeth and Mrs. Bennet. When he pulled away from the hug he was giving his sister, Elizabeth walked over to Georgiana and embraced her. "I hope you enjoy your honeymoon, Elizabeth," Georgiana said with happiness spreading within her voice. Elizabeth turned to Darcy and he offered her his hand. She gratefully took it and she ascended into the carriage. Darcy quickly followed and shut the door. With one final wave, Elizabeth and Darcy set off on their new adventure. With Lady Catherine, The hour was late when Lady Catherine sent for her accomplice in her brand new scheme. Lady Catherine planned on making her nephew's life a living hell. Therefore, she had sent for the very person who had revealed to Lady Catherine the accursed scheme to steal her nephew away from her. She would not stand for such an insult upon her family name. She had spent most of the night sitting up in bed trying to create a plan to ruin Darcy's marriage. It was not until half past eleven that night that she finally concocted a plan. The plan would involve the man who first divulged the information to Lady Catherine. A man who obviously held a grudge against her nephew and his fiancée. Though she knew better than to ask, she could not help but wonder what had passed between the three people. Lady Catherine waited silently for twenty minutes before the young man finally entered the sitting room. She looked at him unimpressed and he bowed as low as he could. "You called milady?" Mr. Heralds asked with shortness of breath. "I did. I have a job for you Mr. Heralds which I believe will be beneficial to the both of us." Lady Catherine divulged. A grin formed on the younger man's face that caused a chill to run down Lady Catherine's spine. "How may I be of service, milady?" Heralds asked with barely contained excitement. "I would like you to get between Miss Elizabeth Bennet and Mr Darcy. I want you to convince Elizabeth that she is in love with you. Not my nephew. This will cause his heart to break and when they finally collapse into an unhappy marriage… I want you to… get rid of Miss Elizabeth. Her insubordination has pushed me too far." Lady Catherine ranted with barely concealed glee. Mr. Heralds lowered his gaze, his eyes shadowed with slight sorrow. "Does Elizabeth deserve to die, just because she married your nephew?" Heralds asked, apprehensively. "Absolutely not," Lady Catherine looked at Mr. Heralds with an evil gleam in her eyes. Her whole body screamed insanity. The kind of insanity that kills. "She has just messed with the wrong family. I will have Darcy as my son in law even if it means killing his new bride." Lady Catherine threatened. "I am afraid I will not be able to help you when it comes to Miss Elizabeth. We have history that will not help your plan to succeed." Heralds admitted, keeping his gaze downcast. "Very well then, I want you to speak with a mutual friend of ours. I believe you know him." Lady Catherine looked at Mr. Heralds with a raised eyebrow. Oh, he knew who she meant alright. "I want you to work with him in dealing with Miss Elizabeth Bennet. You will both be paid handsomely." Lady Catherine waved her hand in a dismissive manner. Just before Mr. Heralds left, Lady Catherine called to him again. "Mr. Heralds, just to make it clear… If anything should come out during your… escapades… I will deny any involvement. You will receive no help from me and I will leave you to the mercy of the law. Am I understood?" Heralds nodded in submission. "Very well then, go." Mr. Heralds ran as fast as his legs could carry him. Not for first time that night, he wondered what had happened in Lady Catherine's life to make her so cruel and… Insane. Whatever the answer was, Mr. Heralds was not likely to discover it. So, with a heavy heart, Mr. Heralds clambered upon a horse and left the house and its crazy mistress behind; as he rode towards the death of his love. His Elizabeth. A/N: Sorry for the wait. I have been busy with moving into University and settling in. The story has taken a dark turn in which I apologise. I know Lady Catherine is not the same but, then again, none of my characters are. I am just glad that Darcy and Elizabeth are finally married. Hopefully that means that can survive the storm that is heading their way.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last Time: So, with a heavy heart, Mr Heralds clambered upon a horse and left the house and its crazy mistress behind; as he rode towards the death of his love. His Elizabeth. Chapter 17 part one The travelling took over two days; slowed down due to the constant stops for Elizabeth's sake. However, Darcy could not help but feel edgy. He was apprehensive about the night they were to spend together once they reached Derbyshire. Darcy made sure that they were placed in separate rooms whilst they travelled so that Darcy would not be tempted to begin something that he would inevitably have to stop. He loves Elizabeth and her comfort is the foremost concern of his. If she did not want the intimacy that a man and his wife share; then he would not engage in such acts. Also, he would much rather wait until he was under his own roof before starting that line of conversation. Darcy had been staring out of the window whilst listening to the calming sound of Elizabeth's breathing. He could tell that he was completely besotted. When they were about two hours away from Pemberley, Elizabeth spoke up for the first time since they started their journey that morning. "Darcy…" Darcy felt his shoulders tense slightly at the unexpected sound. He turned his gaze upon his wife and smiled softly. Elizabeth was staring, intently, at her lap and her hands were twisting around each other. Darcy watched her hands with an unquenchable curiosity. She had such exquisite hands; hands that made Darcy's thoughts race. They were delicate, soft, yet strong and long. Darcy found himself bewitched by their slow dance. Her skin, oh heavens, her skin was glowing and the feel of it was like silk. Then there were her lips; her lips were Darcy's second favourite part of Elizabeth's anatomy. Her lips were soft rosebuds and when they pressed against his own it was often like his body created a musical symphony. His heart sped, his fingers searched, his mind fills with thoughts of happiness and contentedness and his lips reach for more. She truly bewitched him. But the most bewitching things of her anatomy were her eyes. They could reveal her emotions like an open book. Their soft brown colour reminded him of melted chocolate. They also had a golden tint which shine prominently in the sunshine or when she was happy. Every time Darcy sees it his heart flutters like a butterfly's wing. Darcy let his eyes fall upon hers and his mind was instantly alert. The nervousness that he saw in Elizabeth's eyes made him on edge. That look was never a good sign. "What is it, Elizabeth?" Darcy asked softly, the words carrying an underlying tone of worry. Elizabeth kept her eyes downcast as her lips began to quirk. "I was… was w-" she paused and took a deep, fortifying breath. She raised her gaze and locked eyes with him; her eyes seemed to be aflame. "I was wondering why you have not visited my chambers these last two days." She finally revealed, a small blush forming on her cheeks but her eyes remained defiant. Darcy felt his face begin to flood with heat and in response, lowered his gaze. He cleared his throat but remained silent. With the passing seconds which stretched into minutes, Darcy could feel the tension building as Elizabeth awaited his answer. After a couple of minutes, Elizabeth spoke again, this time it was softer and more hurt. "Do you not… want me? Do I disgust you?" The insecurity in her tone as well as her eyes had Darcy moving into the seat beside Elizabeth and wrapping her in his arms. "Do not ever think that, Elizabeth. If you disgusted me then I never would have married you." Darcy tried to lighten the mood but Elizabeth began to cry. "Elizabeth, I did not mean to make you weep. I had meant it to lighten the mood. I now know that was probably the most inconsiderate thing I could have said. I apologise." Darcy raced to explain. He felt so angry with himself; he was a fool sometimes. Elizabeth looked at Darcy with glistening eyes. "It is not that, Darcy. I just… I realised something that made my chest hurt." When Darcy looked at her questioningly, she lowered her gaze. "I just realised that you would never have married me if it was not for Mr Heralds." A tear fell upon her hands and Darcy felt his heart skip a beat. "That is untrue. Why would you think something like that?" Darcy asked as he took her chin in his head and raised her head to look at him. Her eyes remained stubbornly downcast. "Elizabeth, look at me." Elizabeth slowly raised her gaze to his eyes. "Tell me what made you think that?" Elizabeth took a deep, shuddering, breath. She began to speak, "You hated me when we met. I still have no idea why. You changed so suddenly from when you found me." She stated quietly, a sob breaking through her words. "You went from sending me glares to declarations of love in such a short while. It was almost as if…" she paused and took another deep breath. "As if you felt sorry for me so you decided to falsely convince me that I was loved. When I had very little faith that, that was true." She admitted as her words quickly descended into uncontrollable sobs. Darcy sighed as he watched Elizabeth's strong façade crumble in front of him. He never knew his actions would cause this sort of reaction in Elizabeth. He was trying to be considerate but instead he made the situation worse. Heavens above! Can he ever win? He pulled Elizabeth's body flush against his own and kissed her forehead. "Elizabeth, I cannot even begin to understand how much I hurt you those first few days of us knowing each other. I cannot even begin to explain the thoughts within my head because none of them justify what I did. As for this absurd notion that I began loving you because of what Heralds did is complete nonsense. I began loving you way before that. You mean the world to me." Darcy explained, his heart racing within his chest the whole time. "The reason I have not visited your chambers yet is because I do not want to put you in a situation that could be detrimental to your healing process. What Heralds did is unforgiveable and it is still haunting you. I cannot handle being the reason that you revisit that dark place. I love you too much for that." Darcy sighed and tightened his embrace around Elizabeth. "That is the only reason. It is not because I do not want you. If only you knew how much that is untrue. I will only breach that subject when you are ready. Not before then. I will not hurt you." Darcy emptied his body of breath as he watched Elizabeth's face. She had stopped crying about halfway through his speech and she had a small smile upon her face. "I love you too, Mr Darcy." She leant in to capture his lips with her own. Darcy's heart raced and he pulled her tighter against him. She pulled away after a minute and placed one of her hands upon his cheek. "I am ready. I know you may not believe me," She raised her hand as Darcy tried to interrupt. "But I am. I have been ready from the moment we said 'I do'." She explained. "So Please, make me yours." Her face blushed a vibrant red as the words fell from her lips. Darcy felt a stirring deep within him at her words. "Elizabeth, it is a lot to ask so early on in your recovery. I will only go into this if you are certain you are ready for this. I will not hurt you." Darcy said vehemently. "I am ready. Please." Elizabeth promised. Darcy sighed as he looked upon his bride. She was stubborn. He would give her that. Well, if she was certain she was ready… then who was he to disagree? A/N: Sorry for the late update. Hope you enjoyed the chapter. I know it is short but hopefully the next one will be longer.
Mr Darcy My Saviour A/N WARNING: things get slightly heated in this chapter. I am just warning you. Enjoy. Last time: Darcy sighed as he looked upon his bride. She was stubborn. He would give her that. Well, if she was certain she was ready… then who was he to disagree? Chapter 17 part two The two hours remaining, seemed to race by. Elizabeth was tucked securely in Darcy's arms as she slept soundly. Darcy was too agitated to rest. His mind was fully occupied with Elizabeth's declaration. Darcy was still convinced that Elizabeth was not ready for such activities. What was Darcy to do if she relapses and she blames him for forcing her too soon. Though it would not be his fault, he still would not be able to live with the decision he made. Elizabeth was too important to him. She hated him once and he could not bear such a situation again. Darcy shook his head and turned his gaze to the passing countryside outside his window. He noticed the scenery had changed and realised they were close to home. My lord, how he had missed the Derbyshire countryside. Darcy's gaze swept away from the beautiful picture outside of the carriage, to the beautiful picture within the carriage. He stroked his wife's face and watched as her eyelids began to flutter. He smiled at the innocence of his gorgeous wife. As Darcy was observing her face, Elizabeth raised her sleepy eyes to meet her husband's gaze. She smiled softly as she regarded him then she rose to look out of the window. Darcy turned his attention back to the world outside of their cosy carriage. The scenery was sparse yet beautiful. The fields were green whilst the sky was a powdered blue and the trees were swaying along with the gentle breeze. The farmlands had long since passed, yet there were still hints, around some of the fields, that revealed the agricultural aspect of the county. A wave of familiarity washed over Darcy and he felt the constant nostalgia tingling his senses. This was home. His home. Elizabeth was completely entranced by the beauty of the countryside. Hertfordshire has never been as lusciously green as this. At least, not in Elizabeth's lifetime. Elizabeth was used to seeing sand coloured walls and pebbled streets with some nature here and there. Never had she seen such a vast amount in such a short space of time. This reminded Elizabeth of when she would travel with her aunt and uncle to different places around England. They would also often visit Scotland and Wales. Come to think of it; Derbyshire reminded her of some of the places she had visited in both Scotland and Wales; what with the sheep and grassy hills. Elizabeth loved visiting places like this. They brought her peace in a way that the city never could. No wonder Darcy's family settled in a place like this. "We are almost there my love. Did you sleep well?" Darcy asked as he pushed some hair back from Elizabeth's face. Elizabeth smiled brightly at her husband and captured his hand in hers. She placed a small kiss on the palm of his hand. Darcy felt his heart flutter; Golly, she was beautiful. "Yes, darling, thank you." Elizabeth revealed. "Darcy, Can you tell me a bit about your home?" Elizabeth asked sheepishly. Darcy realised that he had revealed very minimal amounts of detail about his home. It wasn't intentional; it must have slipped his mind. "Well, where do you want me to start?" Darcy asked. Elizabeth paused and looked back out of the carriage window; a thoughtful look upon her face. "Tell me about the house itself. Then tell me about the people who work there." Elizabeth looked back at Darcy expectantly. Darcy moved further down into his seat and tightened his arms around Elizabeth's waist. "The grounds are breath-taking. More than two hundred acres of land surrounds the house itself." Darcy explained, envisioning his home as he spoke. Elizabeth gasped, "Is it all your land?" Darcy chuckled at her gobsmacked expression and felt the need to kiss the look from her face. So, he did by kissing her soft cheek. Elizabeth leant into the touch and her cheeks heated in embarrassment. "To answer your question; yes, it is all our land." Darcy made sure to emphasise the 'our'. Elizabeth looked at him in confusion and Darcy couldn't help but chuckle; again. "You are my wife now. What is mine; is yours and what is yours; is mine." Darcy reminded Elizabeth and understanding spread across her features. Then a blinding smile burst upon Elizabeth's beautiful face. She leant forward and captured Darcy's lips in a fierce kiss. Darcy crushed Elizabeth closer to his body and felt desire course through his veins. But now was not the time for that. Darcy softly pushed Elizabeth away from him. "Do you want to hear about my home or not?" Darcy asked with humour colouring his words. Elizabeth blushed and smiled at him, "Not." Elizabeth admitted. Darcy raised his eyebrow at his bride in confusion. Elizabeth opened her mouth and explained; "I want it to be a surprise when I step out of the carriage. I know I told you to tell me but I think I might lose my senses if I listen to any more." Elizabeth giggled. Darcy shook his head with a slight huff of breath leaving his mouth. "Very well then. A surprise it will be." Darcy conceded and leant forward to peck his bride's lips in a silent promise. The rest of the ride to Pemberley was spent discussing the plans for their honeymoon. Darcy explained to Elizabeth that the honeymoon would take place in a fortnight. They would be travelling to Italy and would spend a month travelling to the most famous parts of Italy. They would also be attending a masquerade ball whilst there in celebration of Darcy's great uncle's 80th birthday. Elizabeth was most excited about her chance to meet another Darcy. To which Darcy informed Elizabeth that he was a great uncle on his mother's side. Not that this deterred her excitement. Darcy was glad to see her so excited. The carriage started its journey down the long gravel coach way and Elizabeth looked out of her window and watched as the Pemberley mansion got ever so closer. Elizabeth felt her breath leave her body as she gazed upon the grand estate. This was to be her home. How on earth had Elizabeth managed to deserve such a place. It was beyond her greatest imaginings. She was to be the lady of this great house and she couldn't help but wonder if she would be able to manage such a role. Darcy saw Elizabeth's joy dampen on her face and her shoulders slowly become tense. He knew exactly what had got her so wound up. "Don't worry Elizabeth, the housekeeper will help you with the running of the house." Elizabeth looked to him with doubt written in her eyes. Darcy smiled at his wife and reached out a hand and caressed her cheek. "I believe in you. You will be perfect just like you are in every other way." Darcy watched as Elizabeth's doubts disappeared. She smiled and then reached forward to lock his lips in another kiss. This time it was sweet, gentle. It made Darcy feel as light as a feather. However, the kiss ended abruptly as the carriage came to a jolting stop. Darcy quickly caught Elizabeth as she began to topple towards the floor. Darcy huffed in frustration which caused Elizabeth to giggle. Darcy stared at Elizabeth with his eyebrow raised but he could not keep a straight face for long. He smiled at his wife as her mirth lightened his heart. Elizabeth quickly picked herself back up just as the carriage door was opened. Darcy exited the carriage and reached his hand inside to help his beloved. Elizabeth took his hand without hesitation and began to exit. Just as she stepped down, she froze, her breath stopping completely. Darcy frowned as he looked at his wife; hoping she was not going to faint. Elizabeth turned her shocked eyes towards her protective husband. "I-I…" Elizabeth seemed at a loss for words and this concerned Darcy. It was not often he witnessed his wife at a loss for words. "What is it Elizabeth?" Darcy asked as her placed a loving hand upon her cheek. She relaxed into the touch and sighed. "You did not tell me the house was this BIG!" Elizabeth explained. Darcy frowned. He began to chuckle, "The 'Two hundred acres' did not give away any hints?" Darcy asked with a wry grin as his wife frowned. "Well… when you put it like that." Elizabeth smiled and began to giggle as well. Darcy took a hold of his wife's hand and placed it in the crook of his arm. They began approaching the grand stairs that lead to the entrance of the mansion. Lining the steps, towards the top, stood a long line of servants. Elizabeth seemed to tense under Darcy's hand. He softly tightened his hold and urged her forward. "Ladies and Gentlemen," Darcy addressed his employees. They all curtsied and bowed in response. "I would like to introduce your new mistress, Mrs Elizabeth Darcy." He stated with a huge smile upon his face. The servants smiled with hope in their eyes as they witnessed the happiness that shone on their master's handsome face. It had been too long. "Welcome Ma'am." They all greeted. Elizabeth smiled at the crowed and seemed to loosen her grip on Darcy's jacket. "Hello, thank you for making me feel so welcome." Elizabeth stated humbly. They all smiled in return; even the ones who were known for being straight-laced. "Follow me," Darcy said to his wife as he began to urge her forward again. Darcy pulled Elizabeth to a stop at the top of the stairs where an elderly couple and a young teenage girl stood. "Elizabeth, I would like to introduce our house keeper; Mrs Whitechapel and our butler; Mr Whitechapel." Mr and Mrs Whitechapel bowed and curtsied when addressed, Elizabeth smiled and nodded to them. "I also want to introduce Maryanne; she is to be your personal maid." Elizabeth's jaw dropped at his declaration. She had never had a personal maid. It would be interesting. Elizabeth smiled at the young woman. The girl smiled timidly and curtsied. "This is my Valet; Mr Charles Merriweather. If you ever need to know where I am this is the man to come to." Darcy smiled as he raised his hand towards a tall, lanky man with sandy blonde hair that was speckled with grey and white hairs. He seemed to be in his late forties or early fifties. Handsome, despite the blemishes upon his skin from aging. Elizabeth smiled and nodded to the man. He bowed in response. "It is a pleasure to meet you all. Hopefully we shall all get along swimmingly." Elizabeth smiled and let herself be pulled along by her insistent husband. He began by leading her through the great wooden doors that lead to a large foyer. The floor was black and white chequered tiling and the walls were a light green with tapestries and portraits hanging upon them. There was a large staircase to the right of where they now stood and there seemed to be several ornaments and statues scattered around. The sight took Elizabeth's breath away. "Shall we start with a tour of the house? We can tour the gardens tomorrow," Darcy offered to Elizabeth. She nodded in agreement and followed Darcy towards a door to the left of them. It led to a large parlour with the same light green walls and other portraits. The floor was an ornate Brussels and Wilton carpet that was a similar design to many of the Kidderminster carpets. Blues, reds and golds were woven into delicate looking flowers that drew people's eyes. Enchanting was the first word that came to Elizabeth's mind. "This is our parlour. It was of my mother's design; as was the foyer. You can tell that by her use of light green. She was very taken with that shade." Darcy smiled fondly as he remembered his mother telling him all about her favourite colour and why she thought it was perfect. He did miss his mother and his father; they were taken from him and Georgiana too soon. He shook his head to rid himself of the sombre feeling that had begun itching at his senses. He smiled at Elizabeth. "This way my love," Darcy took her hand and led her back towards the door they came through. Darcy showed Elizabeth the library, his study, the morning room, the dining room, the kitchens, one of the guest bedrooms and finally, Elizabeth's room. The room was large. It once again had the light green walls with white to accentuate the colour. There was a white armoire that had many of her dresses already hung up. There was a white dressing table and a large chest of draws. The bed was a king-sized four-poster with forest green silk sheets (that seemed to have been imported from china) and there was a chest at the base of the bed that was covered with a cushion. There was a window seat that overlooked the lake. Elizabeth felt tears fill her eyes. "This room will be mainly yours. Through that door," He points to the right side of the bed. "Is your very own sitting room. Then through that door," he points to the one on the left. "Is your dressing room. There may be times that we share the bed but the other two rooms are entirely your own." Darcy smiled at his wife as she turned to look at him. "It is wonderful, thank you." Elizabeth stated as she walked towards her husband. She gently reached up on her tiptoes and placed a loving kiss upon his lips. Darcy froze for a second; he was not ready for this so soon. But he pushed the thoughts away and deepened the kiss. Elizabeth was flushed and Darcy felt his body tingle where it touched hers. His body was sending pulses of pleasure to his nether regions which slowly growing. Elizabeth felt this through her dress and tentatively ground her hips against his. Darcy pulled away from their kiss and growled. Elizabeth gasped as her husband encircled her waist and threw her on the bed. Elizabeth felt herself getting excited. Her husband was extremely attractive when he was acting so ferocious. She loved it. Just as Darcy was about to get on top of his wife, there was a knock on the door. Darcy growled, under his breath, in frustration and Elizabeth giggled in response. Darcy sent her a playful glare but got off the bed. He began straightening his jacket. Later, He promised. Elizabeth smiled. "What is it?" Darcy called. "Sorry sir, but there is some urgent business that needs your immediate attention." His Valet's voice called through the door and Darcy sighed. "Very well, I shall be there soon." Darcy called and then walked towards Elizabeth when he heard the footsteps walk away. He leant down and captured her lips in one last kiss. "Duty calls, I will be back in two hours." He says as he pulls away from her luscious lips. "I will be waiting," Elizabeth said and with that, Darcy left. Elizabeth sighed. What was she to do now? There was two hours until Darcy would return. So, what was she to do in the mean time? They had already had dinner an hour before they arrived at Pemberley. Elizabeth decided to have a look in the other two rooms that she had not seen yet. The dressing room was ornate. The walls were green, again, and the floor was oak. There was a bath tub in the middle of the room and a stand with a bowl, with a towel, and water jug upon it. There was a Parisian mirror with a delicate silver lining and a toilet area by the mirror. There was also a chair in front of another dressing table. Elizabeth loved the room because it felt very cosy and relaxing. Elizabeth knew she would use this room quite often. Deciding she had seen enough, Elizabeth left the dressing room and entered the small sitting room. The term 'small' was used very loosely as Elizabeth stepped into the room and sees that it was not very small at all. Elizabeth wondered how she would manage with so much room. The room was white walled and had dark pink velvet armchairs. It also had an oak table and a window seat. Elizabeth would be using this room very often, she knew. Upon re-entering her room, Elizabeth decided to call for a bath. Her new maid, Maryanne, rushed in after she heard the bell and curtsied. "How may I help ye ma'am?" Maryanne asked with flushed cheeks. "I was hoping for a bath, if that is alright?" Elizabeth asked, uncertain. "Aye of course it is ma'am. There is no need t' ask. I will be back in a wee while." Maryanne said with a slight Scottish accent. Elizabeth nodded and watched the girl leave. Elizabeth went in search of her favourite book but could not seem to find it. Maryanne would probably know where it was. So, Elizabeth sat on her bed and waited patiently. Her mind began to wonder to the night's events and Elizabeth could not contain her excitement. Of course, there was worry nibbling at the back of her mind but she could not allow those thoughts to ruin her chance. She wanted to be with her husband and she also wanted to move past the fear and hatred that boils inside of her as she thinks of what happened. Elizabeth sighed and forced herself to think of brighter things. She hoped that she would be good for Darcy. He had helped her so much and she hoped to return his kindness by burying him in her love. Gosh, she loved that man and his beautiful being. After twenty minutes of waiting, a knock sounded on her dressing room door. She called for the person to enter and saw that it was Maryanne. The girl smiled and led Elizabeth into the room. She began helping Elizabeth to undress. Elizabeth felt uncomfortable with this but allowed her to carry on. As soon as Elizabeth was down to her shift, she waved the girl away. Maryanne nodded and asked Elizabeth to sit down so she could do her hair. Elizabeth complied and watched as the girl expertly wove her hair into a bun that was sure to stay in. Elizabeth thanked the girl and just as she was about to turn back to the tub, Elizabeth called to her. "Maryanne, do you happen to know where my books are?" Maryanne nodded. "Och, aye ma'am. They're in yer wee chest at the end of yer bed." The girl stated as she added perfumed oils to the bath water and some rose petals. Elizabeth watched as the girl went to look in the chest. Elizabeth said that the book she was looking for was called 'The crimes of love' by Marquis de Sade. The girl found it and brought it to Elizabeth. She seemed intrigued by the title and asked Elizabeth to tell her what it was about. "There are multiple stories within this book. The stories are about the extraordinary behaviour of people who are driven with desire. It involves murder, petty theft, kidnapping and some incestual relationships. I do not believe it is a story for young women but I found it in my father's study and fell in love with the stories." Elizabeth smiled and sighed. "Oh well, only you and I know that I have this so keep it secret." She taps her nose and winks at the girl. The girl giggled and tapped her nose back. Then she bid Elizabeth adieu and left. Elizabeth changed out of her shift and climbed into the warm tub of water. The rose scent filled Elizabeth's nostrils and she relaxed more. Picking her book up from the step where she had placed it, Elizabeth began to read and lost herself in the intrigue and style of Marquis de Sade. It had been an hour or two since Darcy had last seen Elizabeth. The work he had, had to catch up on took a little longer than expected. However, he had finished his work promptly and was now in the presence of his valet in his dressing room. At that precise moment, Darcy was trying to regain some equilibrium before entering his wife's bed chamber. He had been in the middle of donning his nightwear when his world began to tip. If it had not been for Charles, Darcy was certain he would have become closely acquainted with the floor. It was strange, Darcy had never had a dizzy spell like that. At least, not since he was a boy. He also could not be coming down with anything because he was mostly immune to diseases. It was quite unusual and by the look on Charles's face, the valet seemed to agree with that assessment. Darcy lifted an eyebrow at his servant and began to speak, "Do not look at me in that way Charles. I am quite alright; I am merely tired. The journey has worn me down. That is all." The servant looked unconvinced but bowed his head in submission. "As you wish, Sir. It is not my place to disagree." Was Charles's stilted reply. Darcy shook his head and leant against the full bath tub that was in the centre of the room. If Darcy was being honest with himself, the reason his head had begun to swim was because of the apprehension he felt about walking through that door. But he was not willing to accept that line of reasoning because he was not weak. He would persevere. Darcy stared at his reflection on the surface of the bath water. Was he truly going to do this? Elizabeth cannot mean for him to see this venture through… She was not ready; she could not be. Only last month she was enclosed within the depths of melancholy which restricted her to her bed. That sort of pain is not something that can be healed within one year let alone one month. Darcy was not ready to put Elizabeth through that pain once again. He was not sure he could endure it. However, he must admit that her reaction earlier that evening was beyond his wildest dreams. Maybe… she was ready? No. That cannot be. Oh, Darcy was confused. Darcy took one last deep breath and then entered the quarters that he would share with Elizabeth that evening. She was sitting on the edge of the bed wearing the new robe Darcy had bought her for their wedding night. Her hair was plaited and hung low down her back. Darcy smiled affectionately as he watched his wife for a few seconds. Darcy cleared his throat and Elizabeth jumped to her feet and turned around to face the intruder. She smiled as she saw her husband watching her with humour upon his face. "You frightened me!" Elizabeth exclaimed. Darcy chuckled, "I can see that." He replied with a teasing smile upon his face. Elizabeth raised an unamused eyebrow and twisted her lips to stop herself from smiling and giving herself away. Darcy knew her better, however, and grinned. Elizabeth advanced until she was toe to toe with her husband. His smile faltered as his heart began to speed up. She was incredibly close. The top of her head came to just above his lips. She looked captivating in her white dressing gown. Darcy gulped as Elizabeth rose to her tip toes and kissed her husband. Darcy allowed himself to melt into the kiss for only a moment. However, his thoughts quickly returned to his previous musings and knew he had to stop this before it went too far. Darcy pulled away softly and looked at his beautiful wife. She was pouting as she tried to kiss him again. He moved his head away with a chuckle and placed his palm on her face. "Wait, my love." Darcy said. "Sit down on the bed. We need to discuss what is to happen before it is too late." Elizabeth frowned but followed his directions; perching herself on the nearest side of the bed. "I have been thinking about this for a long while and I want to make sure that you are comfortable for us to proceed." Darcy explained as he came to sit beside his wife; softly taking her hand. Elizabeth gave him a shrewd glance. "Did my actions earlier not convince you that this is what I want?" She asked softly. Darcy shook his head and chuckled. "I must admit that it definitely put some doubts in my mind but I am still not happy to proceed until you confirm it out loud." Darcy confirmed. Elizabeth frowned and looked at her hands. She took in a shaky breath. "Darcy, I know you are worried about bringing back memories but there is nothing you could do that would ever reflect what he did to me. You are not cut from the same cloth. I trust you with all my heart and I trust you to take good care of me. Otherwise, I would never consider doing this. You are the only man I trust to do this with." Elizabeth admitted with a blush. However, instead of being shy, Elizabeth looked straight into his eyes with a strength that he had not seen in a long while. "Trust in me to do what is right for me. I know what I want and what I want is you." Darcy nodded his head as he bent towards her lips. He captured her lips with his own and pushed her body down against the bed. Darcy pulled away and looked lovingly at his wife. "Promise me that if you have a memory you will tell me. I will stop straight away. I promise." Darcy swore. "I promise my love," Elizabeth vowed as she kissed his lips. She then whispered "I promise" against his lips one last time before the two were kissing again. This time Darcy did not interrupt. The kiss began soft and slowly began to build in passion. They were touching each other with a reverence that neither party were accustomed to. Their hips had begun a slow dance and had both Darcy and Elizabeth moaning with desire. Darcy helped Elizabeth to remove her white robe and saw that she was wearing a shift that he had bought her underneath. It was quite flattering on her but Darcy did not pay much attention to it as he quickly removed it from his wife's body. Her ivory skin was soft and firm under his touch. He could not help but touch his lips to her slender neck and then follow the trail down until he met her beautiful breasts. Darcy rose to look at his wife in all her glory and the sight caused him to lose his breath and his breeches to tighten quite drastically. Elizabeth flushed with embarrassment at her husband's perusal. To take the light off her; she rose and helped him to remove his robe, night shirt and breeches. His body was well sculpted and Elizabeth felt her mouth water as she looked over his beautiful physique. She could see that he was already excited and her excitement grew, as well as her apprehension, as she noticed how big he was. She blushed when she saw Darcy had caught her looking. He asked her one more time if she was ready and she admitted that she was. He lowered himself against her and her heart fluttered in excitement. To begin with, Elizabeth did not mind it. However, as Darcy pushed further in she saw images flash behind her eyelids. Elizabeth was not sure what caused it (possibly the pain she admitted) but when it hit her she was not ready for it. Her hand came up in a fist and hit Darcy straight in the face. "Let me go, Heralds!" Elizabeth screamed to the open air. Darcy had fallen off the side of the bed and was clutching his now bleeding nose in confusion. Elizabeth was shaking in fear and her body was coiled tight as if it was ready to pounce. Darcy watched his wife in concern and slight hurt. Elizabeth realised what she had said and did. She quickly grabbed her mouth to stop any words from escaping but it was obviously too late because the damage had already been done. "Darcy… I…" Elizabeth tried to move towards her husband and touch him but he flinched away from her and stood up. "I knew this would happen. I never should have agreed to such an arrangement when I knew that you were not fully healed." Darcy said with his mask falling over his face. Elizabeth had not seen that since before the wedding and Elizabeth knew she had hurt him deeply. She only hoped she could reverse it. "Darcy, please, come back to bed. I will not let it happen again." Elizabeth begged. "No. Not again Elizabeth." Darcy shouted in frustration. "I will not touch you! Not until you are completely healed. I do not care how long it takes. This will not be allowed to happen again. I will not be the reason that you have a relapse. I could not bear it. I am very sorry Elizabeth." Darcy said with tears stinging his eyes. He could not believe he hurt her. Again. He had to get out of there. "Good night Elizabeth." With that, he left. Elizabeth stared at the door as tears began to flow down her cheeks. She clutched her mouth as sobs broke from her throat. What on earth had she done? She closed her eyes and threw herself into her pillow. Slowly crying herself to sleep. Wishing that Darcy had stayed with her. Wishing that he would come back and wrap her in his warm arms. Safe and sound. A/N: I am sorry for the late upload. Hope this makes up for it :D x
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Wishing that he would come back and wrap her in his warm arms. Safe and sound. Chapter 18 The morning came with a sombre forecast over the newly married couple. The servants made sure to stay away from Mr. Darcy who seemed to be in an especially bad mood. He had barely slept the night before. Twisting over the idea of going back to Elizabeth over and over in his mind. As well as the anger, he felt towards himself. All he could think about was the words she shouted. He was not able to think about anything else. In comparison, the punch to the face had been less painful and that had caused his nose to bleed. He could never forgive himself for hurting her like that. He was also not sure he could forgive Elizabeth for calling him by that name. Darcy physically shook himself of the sombre thoughts and quickly immersed himself in his work; using the restless energy to finally finish the papers that had been waiting to be done. He sat that way for three hours or more and soon he ran out of things to do. His mind was overtaken by thoughts yet again and he felt himself shaking with the force of them. How could he have been so stupid. He knew she was not ready. He had even told her that she was not ready. Surely, she could have seen this coming? Darcy threw a whisky dram at the wall above the fireplace and sank back in his chair. He quickly grabbed the bottle of whisky spirits and began to drink from it. The occasion called for it, he thought. He was almost at the bottom of the bottle when a knock sounded from outside of the room. He ordered the person to come in. He looked up to watch the person entre and saw his beautiful wife. His head swam and he clutched at it. He should not have drunk that much. He was trying to regain his vision when he felt a hand caress his hand and lips press on his temple. He flinched away and his eyes flung open to see his wife sitting at his feet with concern in her eyes. A wave of nausea shot through Darcy's system and he cringed; closing his eyelids over his tired eyes. God, blast it! Darcy thought in anger. He felt Elizabeth's eyes burning into his skin. He knew he was in trouble due to the intensity of the stare she was providing. Darcy managed to get a hold of his wits and opened his eyes to watch his wife in return. Her eyes were aflame with burning anger; Darcy swallowed thickly. He smiled timidly at Elizabeth and frowned when Elizabeth's gaze darkened. "What on earth do you think you are doing?" Elizabeth asked in anger as she switched her gaze to the empty bottle of whisky lying on Darcy's work desk. Darcy sighed and raised his hands to his face; taking in a deep breath, he rubbed his face and then placed his hands upon the incriminating bottle. He lifted it up and moved to place it in his desk out of view. However, Elizabeth had a different idea. She grabbed the bottle from his hand and threw it into the fire. The remnants of alcohol caused the fire to burst in a ray of colours. Elizabeth then turned back to watch her husband with disappointment in her gaze. Darcy sighed in annoyance and rose from his chair. He walked to the window and wrapped his hands around his opposite elbows. Along the way, he swayed softly from side to side but he managed to control himself. He was always able to handle his alcohol and then would not be any different. "I had a difficult night last night and I just needed something to… ease me." Darcy sighed and looked at the gardens below him. He heard Elizabeth let out a gust of breath and approach his back. She went to touch Darcy's shoulder but he moved away before her hand could find purchase. Darcy saw, in the reflection, Elizabeth's look of rejection and she lowered her head. Small hiccupping sobs sounded from behind Darcy and he realised he had made his wife cry. He turned, however before he could apologise, Elizabeth spoke. "So… You sought comfort from a bottle rather from your wife? A wife who lay in bed crying for you to return to her side?" Elizabeth questioned with tears falling rapidly down her alabaster cheeks. Darcy felt a twinge of guilt in his chest as he watched melancholy and hate settle over her features. He had vowed that he would never make her feel that way yet that was exactly what he had done. Darcy could not take the feeling of a void between him and Elizabeth so he quickly wrapped her up in his arms. By this time, Elizabeth was crying uncontrollably and all Darcy could do was silently rock her till she calmed. After three short minutes of that, Elizabeth had calmed herself enough to pull away from Darcy and walk away. Before she left the room, Darcy quickly called to her. Afraid that she would not talk to him again. "Elizabeth, I apologise for my behaviour. Please, do me the honour of joining me on a walk after dinner?" Elizabeth stopped and turned to look at her husband. "And then we can talk?" Elizabeth asked, hiccupping softly as she tried to regulate her breathing. Darcy looked at his wife and smiled at her. Gosh, she was so beautiful. "Then we shall talk my love, I promise." Elizabeth smiled and nodded her head in agreement. She walked forward and caressed his left cheek whilst placing a gentle kiss on the other. "Till then my Husband," Elizabeth vowed and silently left the room. Her husband softly buried his face in his hands and fell into the nearest seat; which happened to be the window seat below him. He took three deep, steadying breaths and removed his hands. Gosh, he was such an imbecile sometimes. He raised his hands to his hair and tugged sharply. Why does he always cause more problems than he needs to? It really grated at his nerves. With one last frustrated growl, Darcy called for his Butler. A minute passed in silence, as Darcy contemplated what had just traversed in front of him, when his elderly butler came bustling through the doors before Darcy. The man bowed in greeting and Darcy nodded. "What can I fetch you, milord?" The butler asked in a rough voice. Darcy left his seat and moved back to his desk. "I would like a pot of coffee to be brought to me while I sit in here and read." Just as he finished his words a wave of dizziness filled his head. He sat down heavily and sighed, "Make that a large pot of coffee." "Are you unwell, milord?" The butler asked. "Nay, I just over indulged. Do not worry yourself." Darcy said with a small smile. The butler nodded and left the room to follow his young master's instructions. Darcy began a short letter to his sister Georgiana to confirm the details of her arrival back at the house. Dearest Georgiana, This past day has been the most confusing and stressful day of my life. I must admit that since returning to Pemberley, albeit my being here a small while, has already proved to be a taxing time. Despite what you may be thinking in response to that comment, Elizabeth and I are both well, so do not worry. However, I did not realize the vast number of tasks I had left behind to fold out on their own. Upon my arrival, I made sure to visit the blacksmith and his wife as you bid me do. They are both well but are missing their little helper. I gave the couple some money in thanks for looking after you in my absence. I also ordered the restoration of their shop and home. This, of course, has been stretched to the other tenants on our lands. Elizabeth and I are greatly looking forward to our honeymoon in Italy. However, before we leave I must make sure that Pemberley is well taken care of. Thus, I ask you to return home and act as proprietor of my land. As you have so many times before. I look forward to your return, Your loving brother, F. Darcy Just as he finished the letter, Mr Whitechapel re-entered the study. The butler placed the coffee in front of Darcy and stood waiting for his next instruction. Darcy finished his letter for Georgiana and sealed it. He then gave the man his letter and sent him away. The man left the room and Darcy was once again alone. The hours seemed to tick by as Darcy drunk his coffee and read a book he had managed to purchase in Meryton. The book was about four generations of Rackrent heirs and their lives through the eyes of their steward. The story was written by M. Edgeworth and greatly impressed Darcy who lived the life that was described. Although, his life was not nearly as damaging as the four heirs. Darcy had read half of the book when a knock sounded on his door. He looked at the mantle clock and realized that it was half past seven already. He bid the person to enter and rose from his chair, glad to see that his drunkenness had dissipated somewhat. Mr Whitechapel entered the room and informed Darcy that dinner was being lain out and he was requested to join his wife in the dining room. Darcy thanked the butler and exited the room, quickly heading upstairs to wash and change his clothes. By the time, he had entered the dining room, Elizabeth had seemed to be in a foul mood. "I apologise for my tardiness my love. I lost track of time when reading my new novel. I did not mean to keep you waiting." Darcy explained as he sat in the seat across from his wife. She was a vision that evening. More so than usual. She was wearing a crimson gown that Darcy had purchased when they had gone shopping before the wedding. The colour brought out the vibrancy of her hair and made her beautiful eyes sparkle. Her hair was twisted in a plat and had small rose buds woven through her locks. "I forgive you," Elizabeth admitted, her countenance had cooled and her eyes had lost their flames. "What was your book about?" she inquired as they both tucked into their evening meal. The meal started with Chicken a la King and sautéed mushrooms. The main course consisted of Stuffed pigeons, roast Pork, baked salmon, a venison pie, and sweet and savoury pastries. The desert consisted of Jellies, pastries and sweet meats. "It was about a steward who watched over four generations of this rich family. He noted the differences between each son." Darcy informed his wife with a smile. "I quite enjoyed it. As you can probably imagine." Darcy saw the edges of Elizabeth's lips raise but she quickly covered them with the soup spoon. "Interesting," Elizabeth admitted. For the rest of dinner, the couple spoke of many different things ranging from business to the latest newspaper headings. Overall, Darcy felt that they had returned to their normal state despite everything. He learnt new things about his wife that he had never dreamed of knowing and it made Darcy feel privileged. The dinner quickly ended and Elizabeth asked if Darcy would accompany her to the garden. Darcy rose to his feet and offered his wife his arm. She took it gratefully and they began to tread towards the garden; quietly conversing about the weather and other such nonsense. Darcy showed Elizabeth the gardens; especially the parts that he cherished. The conversation was light as they walked through the rose garden. They came to a secret alcove underneath a great willow tree and sat upon a bench that had been placed there back when Darcy was a boy. Silence filtered over the couple and they sat companionably; watching the evening sky. "You know," Darcy began as he looked at the stars above them with a pang of sadness. "My grandmother used to say that the stars were our deceased loved ones who are unwilling to depart this earth. Thus, they get caught up there like flies in a spider's web." Darcy chuckled as he remembered telling Georgiana that exact thing when they lost their mother. "I still believe it. Despite its absurdity." Darcy looked at his wife and saw a contemplating look upon her features. He smiled and looked back at the sky. They sat, once again, in companionable silence. The wind began to pick up softly and Darcy felt Elizabeth shudder with it. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and she melted against his side. She cleared her throat and began to speak softly. "Darcy, I want to apologise about last night." Darcy tensed softly but forced himself to relax before Elizabeth noticed. "I never meant to hurt you the way I did. My mind was overtaken with memories of that night and it clouded my senses. I reacted in the only way I could." Elizabeth blabbered. "I never meant to call you by… his name. It slipped out due to the bashing of memories my body was receiving. You know that I did not mean to call you that. You are nothing like that man. It just hurt so much and it triggered my memories. I am so sorry. So, so terribly sorry." Elizabeth cried into her hands. Darcy could not help but pull her against his chest. If Darcy was being honest, it still hurt. The memory of that moment was seared into his mind like a hot iron upon human flesh. However, Darcy could not find it in him to blame his wife. She was not to blame for the reaction. Darcy should have taken more precautions. But that does not mean that he completely forgives her. Comparing him to that bastard was… unfair. "Elizabeth, I do not blame you for your reaction. I know you never meant to hurt me just like I never meant to hurt you. I should have taken more precautions to ensure you would be ready for me." Darcy said as he lifted his wife's face so that he could place a gentle kiss on her lips. Elizabeth kissed back but Darcy pulled away. "However, that does not mean I can completely forgive you. Just like I am sure you could not completely forgive me for hurting you." Elizabeth began to cry harder and Darcy clutched her to his chest again. "Not that that means I love you any less. If I am being honest, it makes me love you more because you were able to stop me before I did irreparable damage. I am also sorry for leaving so suddenly. I was just not in a good headspace. I never meant to leave you to deal with this alone." Elizabeth nodded in understanding, sniffling softly. "That is fair. I forgive you," Elizabeth said. "When…" She sighed and tried to form her thoughts into words. She began to get frustrated so he kissed her again. Elizabeth kissed him back and seemed to gather courage from the caress. "When can we try again?" Elizabeth asked, desperation filling her voice. Darcy sighed and pulled away from her. "Soon Lizzie. Soon," Darcy stated softly. "Just not now." "What… what did you just call me?" Elizabeth inquired. Darcy frowned, "Lizzie?" Elizabeth beamed and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Say it again my love. I want to hear it again." Darcy chuckled, "Lizzie, my Lizzie." Elizabeth hung tighter to him and slapped a passionate kiss upon his lips. They kissed until they were both breathless. Darcy laughed, "If that is the reaction I receive every time I call you by that name. I will always call you it." Elizabeth smiled softly. "Do not think about it. I love how you say Elizabeth. I just also like the way you say Lizzie. If I had my way you would call me by both names." "Then that it what shall happen," Darcy agreed whole heartedly. They spent several hours under the tree conversing, kissing and touching but it soon got very late. Elizabeth was asleep so Darcy picked her up and carried her inside. He ascended the stairs slowly as he watched his wife's peaceful face. He was happy to see that the lines of sadness had dissipated from her expression and left her skin smooth and soft. She was smiling softly in her sleep as she curled closer to his body. They reached Elizabeth's room all too quickly for Darcy's liking. He entered her room, which had been his mother's retreat at one time, and placed her softly on the bed. He began to slowly undress her until she was left only in her chemise. He tucked her in and was about to leave when Elizabeth called to him softly. "Do not leave me. Please, Darcy," Elizabeth begged in a tiny voice. Darcy was about to disagree when he saw the look of sadness upon her features. He nodded his head and slowly began to undress. When he was down to his underclothes, he climbed into the bed next to his wife and wrapped his arms around her waist. Elizabeth leant her head against his chest and began to fall asleep. "Good night, my Lizzie." Darcy said as he slowly drifted off to sleep. The next morning brought with it bright sunlight which woke Darcy from his restful sleep. He looked down to see his wife tucked securely into his chest. He smiled with joy as he saw the gentleness of her features. How he loved her face. He rose from the bed and began to get dressed in the clothes he wore the night before. He caressed Elizabeth's face and then left the room. He waited for Elizabeth in the breakfast room and read the newspaper to pass the time. Elizabeth entered an hour or two later and they both broke their fast. "How did you sleep last night wife?" Darcy inquired, teasingly. "Very well thank you, husband. How about you?" Elizabeth beamed. "Very well thank you." Darcy chuckled and picked up his coffee cup. "Do you have any plans for this morning?" "No," Elizabeth sighed. "Good. You shall accompany me to London. I want to buy you some new dresses for our honeymoon and I want to pick up some things." Darcy stated. Elizabeth grinned with glee as she bounded out of the room to change into something better for a day out. Darcy chuckled at his wife's childish glee and felt warmth spread through his chest. She was his and he was hers. They purchased six evening gowns in the colours; lavender, yellow, rouge, royal blue, rose and sunset orange. Darcy also picked out some new gloves, shoes, parasols and morning gowns for Elizabeth. Elizabeth had never been so spoilt and Darcy was only too glad to be the one to do so. He also managed to collect some of his family jewels without Elizabeth's knowledge. They returned home after a long weekend in the city and Darcy gave Elizabeth one of the jewellery sets as a gift. She had blushed and thanked Darcy profusely for such a beautiful gift. The following two weeks were filled with travelling from place to place due to so many invites to several parties. All of Darcy's acquaintances seemed to fall for Elizabeth as much as Darcy had. It had been a difficult time for Darcy; he had spent most of it trying to keep away the young men who seemed to relish the chance to dance with the new Mrs Darcy. Although Elizabeth garnered more unwanted attention than Darcy would have liked, he had to admit that it had been a success. He was as proud as could be of his new bride who embraced everything like it was nothing. On the week before their honeymoon, Darcy was in a deep slumber. He was dreaming of Elizabeth's soft, gentle, kisses upon every inch of his face and neck. Darcy had felt himself harden and lean into the caresses. The pressure was so light that it almost was not felt. Darcy felt something touch his torso and watched the hand in his dream slowly begin to edge lower. Excitement flowed through his veins as the gentle touch enveloped his sensitive arousal. The feeling was so palpable that Darcy almost believed it was real. However, when he woke up, the touch vanished. Darcy sighed in disappointment but also relief. He could not handle himself if it had actually been Elizabeth. He was beginning to close his eyes again when he felt the pressure return. His eyes sprung open and he saw his wife's hand caressing him through his trousers. Darcy quickly moved away from his wife to put some distance between them. Elizabeth was flushed but moved to get closer to him. He edged away again. "Elizabeth. Stop." He ordered, his voice tight with his arousal. Elizabeth looked saddened and Darcy almost gave in and climbed back into bed. But he would not make the same mistake again. Not until she was ready. "I want to be with you Darcy. In every way that a wife can be. Please… Please." She begged. "No, not until you are fully healed." Darcy argued. Elizabeth glared as she realized that her husband would not relent. "Fine," She shouted at him. "Get out!" "Elizabeth, please-" Darcy began but Elizabeth turned onto her side, facing away from Darcy. He knew that then was the time to leave. "Good night then, my love." He silently left the room. And Elizabeth cried herself to sleep for the second night since their wedding. Will he ever touch her again?
Mr. Darcy My Saviour Last time:Will he ever touch her again? Chapter 19 Tuesday to Sunday seemed to drag following the argument between Elizabeth and Darcy. Both were in sombre moods due to Elizabeth's refusal to acknowledge Darcy. Darcy had not visited Elizabeth's chambers again and that caused Elizabeth to become angry and resentful; hence the no talking. Darcy was almost at the end of his tether. He had tried confronting Elizabeth but she just looked the other way and remained silent. Although, that wasn't true all the time. Sometimes she shouted at him after trying to change his mind. More often, than not, their arguments end with one of them walking out, fuming. To say that things had intensified too far would be an understatement. It had gotten to the point where servants were too afraid to be in the same room as the newlyweds. It, of course, did not help that the work at Pemberley seemed to keep on mounting. Thankfully, Georgiana had arrived early Wednesday morning and offered to help her brother in any way she could. However, for Darcy, the honeymoon could not arrive too soon. He was hoping that the honeymoon would be the chance for him to reconnect with his new wife. Which, he knew, was going to take an awful lot of work. But he was going to try his hardest or else his soul be damned. It was early evening, on the night before Elizabeth and Darcy departed and the tension in the air was so strong that you could cut it with a knife. Darcy knew he had to at least apologise to Elizabeth but he was just not sure how. The only way he knew how to reconcile was to give her what she wanted. However, Darcy was a stubborn man and he would stand by the decision that Elizabeth was not ready for such intimacies. He only hoped he could convince her that he was doing what was best for her. Not to hurt her but to protect her. Elizabeth had confined herself to her room after the last argument they had, had; which had taken place two nights prior. Darcy was worried about his wife. However, he had it on good authority that Elizabeth was eating and looking after herself. Though this did little to comfort him. Elizabeth was one of those people who needed daily activities to pass the time otherwise she would go mad. That was the main reason that Darcy was concerned about her locking herself away. Darcy knocked upon Elizabeth's chamber door and waited, in silence, for her voice to emanate from the inner room. When he heard it, Darcy's heart fluttered; it sounded so melancholy that it hurt Darcy to hear. Darcy steeled himself for an icy reception and then timidly entered the room. Elizabeth was lain outstretched, on her side, on top of the covers; staring blankly at the wall. For a long moment, Darcy pondered how long she had been there. She was in her nightgown which gave Darcy no indication. This put him on edge. He entered further into the room and closed the door. Elizabeth's eyes flickered towards him and Darcy saw her shoulders tighten with tension. Her eyes were full of sadness and her breathing was accelerated. It broke Darcy's heart to see her in such a state. Elizabeth broke eye contact with her husband and returned her stare to the wall. After a few minutes of silence, Elizabeth spoke, "What do you need, Mr. Darcy?" Darcy felt as though he had been slapped. Her tone along with her words cut deep into Darcy's chest and he almost broke. However, he had to be strong if he was to see this conversation through. "I have come to apologise for my behaviour this past week." Darcy announced as he moved closer to the bed. Elizabeth nodded, "Very well." She said. "Very well?" Darcy asked in disbelief. Elizabeth turned her eyes upon her husband and simply said, "Very well. You can apologise." Darcy frowned as he watched his wife. She had a look of impatience upon her face and he knew that if he did not hurry; she would kick him out. "Elizabeth, I did not mean to upset you or offend you when I said I would not be with you intimately. I was merely trying to protect you. You are my wife and I could not bear for you to relapse back into the sombre stages you were in before our marriage." Darcy entreated. "I love you Elizabeth and it hurt to see you in that way. You must understand." Elizabeth nodded, "I understand." She admitted. However, she went on to say, "however, you must also understand how offensive it is to be turned down when you offer yourself completely." She stated with malice. "I have never trusted another man the way I had trusted you. You have no idea what it is like to have been touched by a man you neither know nor care for." Elizabeth looked down at the bed below her as she began to cry. Darcy felt his whole world tilt. "I have to live with the memory of that… every day for the rest of my life. The reason you had reminded me of that was because it had hurt. Just like every female's first time does. Or so I am told." Elizabeth revealed. "The only difference between me and another woman is that I have bad memories to contend with as well." Darcy knew she was right and it hurt to know that he had made her feel so unloved. "You were my chance to change that. Because I trusted you. I love you. And you just threw it all back in my face." Elizabeth's tears fell harder as she revealed her hurt and Darcy found that he had to sit down. Otherwise, the pressure of his grief would have consumed him. Mask tightly in place, Darcy held onto Elizabeth's hands and squeezed tight. "I understand now. I do and I am so deeply sorry for the hurt I have caused you. I love you with all my heart and I would never willingly do something to hurt you." Darcy empathised. "Truly?" was Elizabeth's timid reply. "Truly," was Darcy's confident answer. Elizabeth moved over to Darcy's side and pressed her lips tightly against his. Her kiss was passionate and he found that his lips and tongue willingly responded to the tempo she had set. The kiss became more heated but Elizabeth pulled away and considered Darcy's eyes. Her eyes were full of life again and were sparkling with happiness. Darcy found that he could not resist a smile in return. Elizabeth captured his lips again and then asked, "Does that mean you are willing to try again?" Darcy smiled. "I am," He said. Elizabeth's smile was blinding and Darcy felt drawn to it like a moth to a flame. Elizabeth was about to re-capture his lips whilst she fingered his buttons on his waist coat. However, Darcy stopped her. "Just not now." He said, ashamed. The life died in Elizabeth's eyes and she was back to the way she was before. "Then you obviously meant none of the words you promised." Elizabeth spat and then fell back to the bed, curled upon her side. "I meant everything I said Elizabeth." Darcy argued but to no avail. "Get out, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth said in a monotone and Darcy knew he had messed up yet again. Morning broke through the clouds before Darcy was ready. He did not want to face his wife because, at heart, he was a coward. The look she gave him yesterday eve was so full of hatred that Darcy could not bear seeing it again. Was this not the exact fate Darcy had tried to avoid in the first place? Yet, instead of avoiding it, he walked straight into its hidden trap; quite like a fly does with the Dionaea muscipula (better known as The Venus Fly Trap). The Dionaea muscipula was discovered in 1769 by an explorer named John Ellis. The history and make up of this revolutionary plant never ceased to amaze Darcy. The way that the plant lures its victims by creating a sweet nectar and then snaps its lid shut before their chosen prey has any idea what is going on. That was what made Darcy compare his situation with Elizabeth to the fly and the plant. She lured him in with sweet promises and words of love then when he least expected it… she pounced. That, of course, was in referral to her behaviour after their wedding night. It made him quite sad. Things had to change. Beginning with their behaviour. Darcy knew he was in for a lot of work. He sighed and exited his study. He had spent the evening and morning sitting in the study thinking. What on earth could he do to get Elizabeth to talk to him again? A thought was niggling at the back of Darcy's mind; the only way he would mollify his wife was if he slept with her. Darcy did not completely understand his aversion to that course of action just that the thought of touching his wife and getting the same reaction seemed to fill Darcy with dread. Darcy realised that he was more protecting himself rather than Elizabeth but he could not help it. Do not get him wrong, he loved his wife with all his heart but he was just not sure he could take the pain he had felt when she pushed him away and called him 'Heralds'. Darcy mentally spat at the name. As if he was anything like that monster. Darcy was not a fool. He understood that Elizabeth had not meant to yell that out but none the less she had. Thus, Darcy could not help but feel like a monster. Darcy touched his hands over his eyes and began to weep. The stress was too much and his heart could not take the pain he felt. Men would think him weak in that second; but they would never understand the hurt that one feels when they are pushed away and then called a monster. Or, of course, by a name which referred to someone who was a monster; Darcy amended. Darcy had to admit that the scenario with Elizabeth stirred some painful memories for him. His mother had suffered with a brain disease which caused her to forget moments in her life and she had difficulties with thinking as well as having problems with many other aspects of her daily life. This horrible affliction was brought forth when my mother suffered an apoplexy. The time had been awful for Darcy as well as his family. He had the scene of her collapsing in front of the guests at one of Pemberley's balls, replaying in his mind. One minute she was conversing and having fun, the next she lost co-ordination of the left side of her body and then collapsed into his father's arms. Darcy had not understood why his mother collapsed for he was just a young lad. However, he was told (after her death) what had befallen her and that she was not herself the weeks leading to her death. The news had destroyed Darcy. Darcy was pacing outside his mother's door for the second time that evening. It had been three weeks since his mother had collapsed and Darcy was going out of his mind with thoughts as to what had happened. Mr. Darcy had told his children that they were not to visit their mother under any circumstances. His father did not elaborate as to why he would say such a thing and that had upset Darcy. He was almost a man. He should be able to make his own decisions. Thus, with these thoughts, Darcy entered his mother's bedroom. The sight before him left him in a cold sweat. He had never seen his mother look so vulnerable. Her skin was as white as a cotton sheet and was covered in a glittery film. Her eyes looked sunken and her lips were taught with pain. Darcy felt his eyes fill with tears as he slowly approached the ghostly apparition. His mother's eyes fluttered and Darcy stopped. She turned dark eyes upon him and her face filled with fear. "Who are you?" she cried. "It is I, mother. Your son." He replied, confused at the lack of recognition. "I have no son! My son is dead. Has been since he was a boy. He died when he was a babe. Oh, my little Fitzwilliam. Such a strong boy. Your nothing like him. Weak and submissive beast that you are." The woman cried. This was not his mother. She laughed. "You are a pathetic excuse for a man. Look at you, you could not possibly be my son." Darcy felt his heart break into millions and millions of pieces. His mother did not recognise him. Not only that; she thought he was dead. "It is me, mother. I am not dead." Darcy cried and sprung himself on her bed; draping himself over her small frame. She began to scream. "Get off! You beast! GET OFF!" She swung at his body and repeatedly hit him until he was pushed upon the floor. He could feel the bruises beginning to form. "YOU ARE A MONSTER! Return to hell where you belong." She cried. "I love you mother. No matter what," Darcy cried and began to leave. His father entered, looking flustered, with the doctor close behind him. Darcy looked at his mother. "I do not love you. I do not even know who you are. Get out!" She screamed. Darcy looked at his father with pain and fear in his eyes as the doctor began to sedate his mother. His father looked at him with pity and moved forward to embrace his son. The boy pushed out of the room and ran as fast as he could to the furthest place he could. It was not until two days later that Darcy finally returned. His father was waiting for him upon his arrival. The man took his wayward son in his arms and held onto him. He kissed Darcy's head. He pulled away and lowered himself to his right knee. He looked Darcy in the eyes and said, "I am so sorry you had to see that. I will explain everything when you are old enough. But just know that she never meant any of those words." Darcy nodded and looked at the ground. "She is asking for you. She has realised what she did and wants to make it up to you." Darcy shook his head adamantly. "Will, you have to see her." His father urged. "I cannot father. I just cannot face it again." Darcy said, toneless. "Anyway, I'm dead, aren't I? I do not think she will miss me that much." Darcy pulled away from his father and then ran to his room and locked himself away. Four days later… she died. Since that moment, Darcy had cut himself off from every woman that had come his way. If his own mother thought him a monster, then what would others think of him. He never allowed himself to get close to anyone; except Bingley and Georgiana. And, of course, Elizabeth. However, his solitary state from before had left him harsh and prejudice about anyone of the other sex and gradually he had begun to view them as the monsters. Loneliness can be a harmful thing. He had never revealed what had happened to anyone other than Georgiana. Bingley had his suspicions but never voiced them. Being with Elizabeth opened his eyes to the true beauty in humanity. She was his saving grace. If only he could make her see how much she had changed for him. She had given his life a whole new meaning. He had to show her what she meant to him. And he had just the thing. Elizabeth sat staring at the wall. She had never felt so alone. She had to admit that she was still quite angry at Darcy for being such a prude but then, she seemed to understand his hesitance. If anyone was to be blamed it would be Elizabeth. She knew that; however, she could not help how she felt. He was the man of her dreams and yet he doubts it. It was an accident when she referred to him with Heralds' name. She had been lost in the memories but that was no need to punish her. He should have known that she did not mean anything by what she said. She understands that it was probably the worst thing she could have called him but still. That didn't mean he had to shut off from her. She knew it would not happen again; he had to trust in her. The fact that he was not trusting her revealed how much of an un-equal match they really were. Elizabeth sat and watched the clock hands tick by. Her new maid came in every hour and it wasn't until three o'clock in the afternoon that the maid reminded Elizabeth of her prior engagement. "You will inform my husband that I will abstain from travelling until he apologises properly." Elizabeth sat back on her bed and crossed her arms petulantly. The maid's lips quirked in amusement. "Very well milady." The maid curtsied and then left. Elizabeth lay onto her back and looked at the ceiling. Her thoughts were controlled by one thing: how did she come to sound so much like Lydia. "Elizabeth, may I come in?" Darcy inquired through the door. He had just returned from the vaults underneath Pemberley to be told that Elizabeth had still not left her room. In fact, he had been told that Elizabeth refused to travel until he apologised properly. Hence, the reason he was pounding on her door. He was going to save her present until they got to Italy but he guessed that it was better early. The door swung open to reveal an expectant Elizabeth. "Can I help you, Mr. Darcy?" She asked in a reserved tone. The situation may be more difficult than Darcy had thought. "May I come in?" Darcy inquired. "You are the husband. Shouldn't you just demand entrance?" Elizabeth moved away from the door and proceeded to sit in the window seat. "I would never demand anything of you." Darcy said. "Well maybe you should," Elizabeth said spitefully. Darcy sighed and approached his wife; closing the door behind him. "I have a gift for you." Darcy placed the box in his palm and waited for Elizabeth to take it from his outstretched hand. Elizabeth turned and stared at the tiny box sitting snuggly in Darcy's hand. She turned a heated glare towards him, "Are you trying to buy me now? Shame on you, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth spat. Darcy flinched slightly at her words but did not drop his hand. "Just take the gift, Elizabeth." He ordered. With one last glare, Elizabeth took the box and opened it. She sat and silently stared. Darcy watched her face as many emotions swept their way across it. First anger, then confusion, then despair and so on. The final emotion was one of resignation. "What is it for?" Elizabeth inquired. "It's a promise. From me to you." Darcy explained. "Is a promise ring not for purity before marriage?" Elizabeth asked. "It is but that is not what this ring represents. This ring is a promise to you that… on our honeymoon, we will try again. I am promising myself to you." Darcy explained further. Elizabeth stared at the sapphire ring in her hand and seemed to reach a decision. She looked at her husband with tears in her eyes and acceptance upon her features. "Then I accept your promise and your apology," Elizabeth said. She flung herself in Darcy's arms and latched her lips upon his. Her lips were warm and soft; leaving a fire aching in his heart. Oh, how he wanted to carry her to the bed and have his way with her there and then. However, as much as he wanted that with all his being, they had to get to London. Their boat leaves tomorrow morning. "Will you, Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy," Started Darcy after he pulled away from her lips. "Come with me on our honeymoon?" Elizabeth hugged Darcy one last time and pulled away. "I will, Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy." Elizabeth smiled and allowed her husband to pull her from the room. They arrived at the carriage that was at the base of the entrance stairs. Just as Elizabeth was about to board, Darcy pulled her to his chest and kissed her one last time. When they drew apart, Darcy leant his forehead against hers and whispered, "I love you, wife." Elizabeth's smile lit up like the sun and she rubbed her nose against his, "And I love you, husband." Darcy grinned at his wife and helped her into the carriage and followed suit. The carriage jolted to life as it slowly made its way to London's Docks.
Chapter 20 Last Time: The carriage jolted to life as it slowly made its way to London. Two weeks previous: The night was dark and the streets were cold and covered with the snow that was falling from the sky. There was not a man or woman in sight. In a snug little corner of the London street lay a small pub with bright lights shining in to the dark night. For the past three hours, a hunched over figure sat in a darkly lit corner of that pub and tapped at its tumbler very slowly; menacingly almost. The time was nearing twelve when the tavern door swung open and a gust of wind blew a few candles out. The owner, who had been wiping down tables, jumped at the sudden breeze and turned to face the newcomer. The man frowned as he looked upon the rough outline of the newcomer's face. The man wore a black cloak which completely swamped his figure and his head was covered with a hood. The owner took a deep breath before he approached the unwelcome figure. "It's pas' closin'. Yer can't be her'. Only guests allowed." The owner trembled as the figure began to reach for something under his cloak. "None of that, the man is with me." A deep voice called from the corner. The owner turned and faced the sound. "Ah, sorry sir. Nev'r can be too car'ful." The owner bowed in a jittery fashion and quickly left the room. The two men looked at each other; seemingly sizing one another up. Tension poured off the two men; making the remaining customers decide to return to their rooms. Once the hall was empty, the two men sat around their table. The crackling of the roaring fire was the only sound to be heard in the room. The air was thick with tension and you could almost cut the atmosphere with a knife. The tension was almost too much for the two men; who released small chuckles and removed their hoods. They grinned at one another. "Sorry old chap. I could not control my laughter any longer." Said the new comer. The man was dressed in red soldiers apparel and white trousers clung to his legs. A sabre lay at his side as well as a small hand gun. His face was shadowed with darkness and his features were chiselled with dark brown eyes set deep into his face below his brow. His dark brown hair was pulled into a tail at the back of his neck. He was the type of gentleman that many of the ton would see as handsome. Handsome in a rakish sort of way. "Do not worry yourself. I could barely keep control myself. It has been so long, Wickham." This man was shorter than the other and both were around the same age. The man rose; as did Wickham, and the two men shook hands. They both slapped the top of the opposite arms. "How long has it been now?" "I believe it has been fifteen years, Heralds." Wickham replied. "Fifteen years indeed," Heralds crowed. They both slumped back into their chairs. "I should have contacted sooner. I do apologise old friend. It has been quite a difficult fifteen years." "I understand. It was a sad day when I heard of your sister's death. I would have come if it was not for the fact that I was stationed in France. She was like a sister to me as well." Wickham murmured with sorrow painting his voice. "Aye, I realise that. Which is why I am asking for your help now." Heralds stated as he pulled himself closer to Wickham. Wickham pulled forward and waved his hand for his friend to begin. "I have been hired by a prestigious woman to help her ruin her nephew's marriage. I cannot do so myself, for I have some history with the new bride." Wickham laughed, "By history I assume you mean you bedded the woman." Heralds' face grew into a smirk. "I would not say bedded, for she was not a willing partner. But I did release my frustrations out upon her it is true. Unfortunately, she happened to be the woman I am in love with. So, you can imagine how that may have ruined my chances with her." The men chuckled. However, it did not escape Wickham's notice that a shot of pain and sadness flew across his friends face before his face smoothed into a mask of calmness. "Who is the newly wedded couple and what do you need me to do?" Wickham asked, his chest tightening for his friend. "I need you to make the gentleman's wife fall in love with you and out of love with him." Heralds stated. "I need you to bed her. It will not be a difficult task for she is quite beautiful and I am sure you can find ways to charm her." Wickham grinned, "This sounds like the perfect plan. Who are they?" Heralds' eyes flashed with a manic glee. "Oh, you are going to love this. The woman is named Elizabeth and her husband is Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberley manor in Derbyshire. The same one who killed my sister." "And banished me from Derbyshire." Wickham growled with hatred. "I will take great happiness in wrecking the marriage of that ungrateful swine. I promise to deliver Elizabeth to you when it is done." Wickham promised. "Grand," Heralds said with glee. The two men raised their cups and toasted to a happy ending. "Just out of curiosity, who was the aunt that hired you?" Wickham asked after they both drank. "Lady Catherine De Burgh." Heralds informed him. Wickham frowned, "The old baggage is still alive?" Heralds chuckled, "Unfortunately so." The two men laughed. "Can I kill him?" Wickham asked after a moment of silence. "Who?" Heralds returned, though he thought he already knew the answer. "Mr. Darcy," Wickham stated. "My friend, I will help you kill him when this is all over. We can also kill the old baggage too." The two men grinned at one another. They saluted, once again, to their chosen futures and hoped their plan would come to fruition. They supposed only time would tell. "Watch out Darcy," Heralds toasted. "because here we come," Wickham finished and they both drank until dawn broke over the windowpane and their day began.
Mr Darcy My Saviour A/N: Hey Guys, Sorry for the late update. Things have been hectic. I have been trying to get this story to you but time just ran away from me. Therefore, I have made this a longer chapter. You guys are amazing and I hope you do not hate me. I will try and upload another one soon but I cannot promise. Just hold on in there. There are only 13 more chapters to go. Last time: "because here we come," Wickham finished and they both drank until dawn broke over the windowpane and their day began. Chapter 21 Part One The travel to Italy took a week and both Elizabeth and Darcy had found themselves itching to leave the boat. The travel was not as smooth as Darcy had been promised it would be. The ship ran into two storms during their travels and this caused multiple disruptions to Elizabeth's health. Worry was constantly taunting Darcy as he watched over his wife. The knowledge that he could not remove her pain; struck Darcy's heart like a knife. After the illness passed Elizabeth was confined to bed by the ship's doctor due to her lack of energy and lack of food in her system. The week had been gruelling to say the least. The days and nights were long and without much to occupy either of their minds, it almost sent them mad. Luckily, their journey soon concluded and they were soon stood back on land. Darcy watched as Elizabeth's face transformed from relief to awe. She turned to Darcy and he gleamed with happiness when he spotted the special shine in her eyes. She was happy and that was all Darcy needed to know. "I believe you have chosen well, husband." Elizabeth muttered as she responded in kind to her husband's smile. Elizabeth moved forward and quickly captured Darcy's lips in a kiss before he could duck away from her. She loved her husband but she had a feeling he would be averse to public shows of affection. She pulled away. Darcy was shocked by Elizabeth's brass move but felt deeply saddened when she pulled away. He watched as her face blushed and she hid her gaze from him. Darcy reached forward for Elizabeth and placed a hand on her cheek and her waist. He drew her forward and then turned her face towards him. He leant forward and whispered, "Never hide away from me, wife." He then reached forward as fast as he could dare and captured Elizabeth's lips in another kiss. This kiss lasted a lot longer. Darcy felt sparks spreading through his body; desire moving his limbs around his wife to pull her even closer. After two magical minutes, Elizabeth broke away with a blush upon her cheeks. "I believe we got a bit carried away, my love. I apologise." Darcy frowned and brought her closer once again. "Why do you apologise?" He stroked his thumb along her rosy cheek and leant his forehead against hers. "It was I who made the first move. I should not have done so. It is improper and impolite and I realise you do not care for impropriety so I can only apologise. I was driven by need and happiness and contentedness." Elizabeth rambled. Darcy stared at his wife, he had never seen her so ruffled before. It was quite amusing to see. Oh, how dearly he loved this woman and how he wanted to make her his in the most sacred way. Soon, he promised. Soon she will be yours in all the ways that matter. "Elizabeth, darling, as much as I enjoy seeing your feathers ruffled so irredeemably, I must interrupt your tirade. It was I who kissed you the last time. You offered me a simple peck and I took more. If anyone should be apologising, it should be me. However, my dear, I am afraid you are to be disappointed." Darcy watched as confusion curved Elizabeth's features. "I will not apologise for kissing my wife. Even if it is in public and neither should you. You are my wife and I will kiss you where and when I please. You are free to do so as well." Elizabeth looked at Darcy in incredulity. "In fact, I will kiss you again just to prove to you how serious I am." And with that, he kissed his wife with as much passion as he was physically able to muster. Elizabeth smiled against her husband's lips. She gently pulls away, "You have made your point, my love." She giggles when he starts kissing her neck. "Darcy, stop." Darcy lets out a disappointed sigh and pulls away. Elizabeth, however, could tell by his face that he was not truly disappointed. "I love you." A smile spread across her husband's face. Her heart swelled with joy and her face displayed her happiness. "As I love you, wife. With all my heart." With this last declaration, Darcy led her to the awaiting carriage. Once he handed her in and climbed aboard himself, the carriage started moving. Elizabeth was transfixed with the sites that passed by the window of the carriage. "So," Elizabeth started when the scenery quickly changed to farm land. "Where are we going?" she asked. "The Darcy's have a family home in the city of Florence. We will be staying there for the duration of our visit. We may take a couple of days to visit Rome but we will mainly stay in Florence. Is that alright with you, My love?" Darcy inquired. "Of course, that is alright Darcy. It is more than I could have ever wished for." Elizabeth exclaimed, throwing her body against Darcy's and capturing his lips in a fierce kiss. Darcy pulled away after a short while and caressed her cheek. "You seem to be much happier than you were when we were at home." "I am feeling happier than when we were at home. Italy has brought out the child in me which I thought I had long lost." Elizabeth remarked as she curled herself in to Darcy's chest. Darcy felt his chest warm at the unexpected announcement from his wife. The journey took nearly two hours and by the end both Elizabeth and Darcy were at their wits end. The journey had been uncomfortable; even with the padded seats. Once the carriage stopped; Darcy was quick to descend. He felt the feeling come back to his legs and the pain stop in his gluteus maximus. Darcy reached his hand out to his wife and helped her to descend. Elizabeth stepped from the carriage and gasped. The building was beautiful, breath-taking even. The walls were a light cream colour with an orange brick roof. The cream walls were accentuated with a beautiful intricate white design. As Elizabeth took a closer look she realised that design was of grape vines. Elizabeth turned to Darcy and smiled brightly at him. Darcy loved seeing Elizabeth's face light up. His wife reminded him of a candle; lighting up the dark places in his world. Her smile ignited the passion that he had thought he had lost as a young man; when his father died. However, Elizabeth managed to revive it and made him into a new man. A feat that made him love her even more. Darcy took hold of Elizabeth's hand and brought her inside the home. Servants lined the walls of the parlour and each bowed and curtsied in turn. A tall, dark skinned man approached the couple and bowed. He had to be in his early thirties. His hair was as black as coal and his eyes are a soft brown. "Ciao, Signor e Signora Darcy," he greeted in a deep grumble. "My name is Franco and I will be your Butler for duration of stay. My wife, Gina, will be Signora Darcy's maid. Victor shall be valet to yourself, Signor Darcy. We hope you shall enjoy your stay." Franco smiled and bowed again. Darcy smiled and thanked Franco for his warm welcome. He sent the servants out to collect their baggage from the carriage and murmured something to Franco. The Butler quickly shuffled off towards the kitchen. Or what Elizabeth assumed was the Kitchen. Darcy took hold of her hand and started leading her to the stairs. "Let us take a tour, shall we?" Darcy asked. Elizabeth grinned and followed Darcy towards the morning room. The walls were decorated with painted flowers and more grape vines. The room had one large table and several small tables which Elizabeth was instantly attracted to. Each of the tables were telling a story through their carvings. The large table told of a love story between an Italian Lord and a kitchen girl. The smaller tables told of past historical wars. They were so intricately carved that Elizabeth wanted to reach out and feel them. Elizabeth remembered watching her grandfather carving certain items of furniture in their home. He used to carve as a pastime. He told Elizabeth that he needed something to keep him busy in the winter months. He never enjoyed reading and always liked to keep busy. That was the perfect solution for him. Elizabeth loved to watch him. Next to several of the smaller tables sat rather extravagant lounge chairs that also managed to take Elizabeth's breath away. They were covered with patterned silk; much finer than anything she had ever seen. Her eyes moved to the walls and noticed that there were many paintings upon the walls. She moved towards them and looked at the faces upon the wall. The one she had been drawn to was a family portrait. There was a lad of about eleven and a younger girl and their parents. The kids seemed happy in the picture and it made Elizabeth's heart fly to see it. Who were they? "Darcy, who is this family?" Elizabeth asked as she turned to her husband. He was stood behind her staring at the face of the mother in the picture. He looked grief stricken. Elizabeth frowned and turned back to the picture. The woman was sitting down on a tree trunk with the little girl in her lap. Looking closer at the woman, Elizabeth started noticing some similarities between the woman and Elizabeth's own husband. Darcy cleared his throat and tore his gaze away from the picture he had not seen since his mother died. He smiled slightly at Elizabeth and turned away; heading towards the fire. "The family is my own. My father, me, Georgiana and… my mother." His voice caught in his throat and he cleared the restriction once again. Darcy felt Elizabeth's presence at his back and he turned towards her. She smiled and then clasped her arms around Darcy's waist. He wrapped his arms around her and pulled her closer. He gently laid a kiss on her head. "Let us tour the rest of the house." Elizabeth nodded and gently took Darcy's arm. He moved to the door and they carried on. It took twenty or so minutes to tour the whole house. They visited the exquisite gardens and the ornate dining room. They visited the bustling kitchens and several of the guest rooms. Each room took Elizabeth's breath away. She had never been inside a house so beautiful. Except for Pemberley of course. Though, Elizabeth saw that as more of a palace than a house. Their last stop was the master and mistress's chambers. When Darcy had said they were having separate chambers; Elizabeth felt her heart sink. She thought that he would share with her seeing as he was hoping to try again. Or was it her that was hoping he would try again? Either way they had made a deal. Was this him backing out of it? "I know that face. I am not backing out of my promise." Elizabeth blushed. He knew her very well. A bit too well seeing as they had only just got married. "The reason I gave you a separate chamber is because I thought you would like the space. I am more than willing to stay with you if that is what you would like. It just gives us the choice of space should we want it." Darcy admitted. Elizabeth smiled and nodded. They walked up to the rooms and when Darcy opened the door, Elizabeth gasped. The room was cream coloured and had floral cotton curtains hanging from the large canopied bed. The bed had four posts and was large; big enough to fit at least four of Elizabeth on to it at one time. The bed was cotton and lace and the pillows were large and fluffy. She wondered if the room would get too hot at night. It was too hot then and she could only hope that it would cool down. There was a large oak dresser and vanity mirror. The wardrobe looked to be twice the size of Elizabeth. The room was beautiful. "It is beautiful. All of it. I am so happy you decided to bring me, Darcy. This is… Thank you," She jumps into his arms and locks his lips in a kiss. He laughed and kissed her back with the same amount of enthusiasm. Elizabeth dropped to the floor and moved to sit on the bed. Darcy smiled and was about to join her when a knock interrupted him. "Come in." Franco entered and bowed at Elizabeth. He then moved forward and whispered something to Darcy in Italian. Elizabeth frowned slightly at the conversation. What was he saying? Darcy caught Elizabeth's stare and smiled at his wife. Franco quickly ran off to get something as Darcy nodded and whispered something back. Franco returned with a long piece of fabric and placed it into Darcy's hands. Elizabeth frown deepened as she stared at her husband. What on Earth was that for? Darcy approached his wife and placed the fabric around Elizabeth's eyes. He felt Elizabeth freeze. "Calm down, love, it is only a blind fold. I have a surprise for you." Darcy murmured as he moved his wife to the door and out into the hall. Darcy dragged his wife to his surprise; which he had made sure to keep on the other side of the house. He opened a door which led to an identical room to Elizabeth's own. He led the blindfolded Elizabeth to the back of the room and opened another door. He pulled Elizabeth through the door and moved to light the candle on the table in the room. Elizabeth was growing anxious. What was the big surprise? Could he not just tell her? Elizabeth jumped as she felt her husband's hands touch her shoulders. He gently moved his hands up and over her shoulders, causing Elizabeth to shudder. He dragged his fingers over her sensitive neck. Just to prolong Elizabeth's discomfort, Darcy placed several sweet kisses upon her skin. Elizabeth melted into the kisses. How she wished he would just make love to her already. Heaven knows she wants him to. His hands move from her shoulder and slowly untie the ribbon around her eyes. She blinked, once, twice, and her eyes adjusted to the light in the room. They were standing in a room that reminded Elizabeth of a wardrobe; only it is big enough from someone to stand in comfortably. The walls were lined with several evening, morning and afternoon dresses all in several shades and fabrics. Elizabeth almost swooned at the sight of the beautiful things before her. She turned to Darcy with her mouth slightly agape. "Yes, they are all for you my love. I placed an order with the seamstress, the one who made your wedding dress, for several dresses for you. I do hope you like them my love." Darcy said as he wrapped his arms around Elizabeth's waist. Elizabeth was too stunned to talk. All she could do was gape at them in surprise and wonder. She reached out a hand and softly stroked the beautiful fabrics. "Darcy, I do not know what to say." Elizabeth gushed. She turned to her husband with tears in her eyes. "Then say nothing my love. A kiss shall suffice," Darcy smiled at his wife and watched as she practically flung herself at him. She placed a solid kiss upon his lips; which Darcy tried to deepen by opening his mouth. Elizabeth happily opened her mouth to accommodate his wondering tongue. Kissing Darcy would never grow old for Elizabeth. His kisses were always so soft and welcoming. They made Elizabeth melt inside and her desire always flames bright. It is often enough to make her go dizzy. Too quickly, for Elizabeth's taste, the kiss was over. "I would absolutely love to stay here and kiss you until we are both blue in the face." Darcy said as he placed another Kiss on Elizabeth's luscious lips. "However, you need to rest. We are attending my Uncle's party this evening and I know you will probably want to sleep before we attend it." Elizabeth frowned. "Your Uncle?" Elizabeth asked softly. "I didn't think you had any other family other than Lady De Burgh." Elizabeth admitted with a small blush. "He is an uncle on my father's side." Darcy confirmed. "He was not known to Georgiana and me until we received a missive a few months ago. That is one of the reasons Georgiana travelled to Meryton." Elizabeth nodded. "So, what was the missive about? Why is he only just making himself known?" Elizabeth asked, curiously. "He is ill and apparently Georgie and I are his Inheritors. He has no other living family and seeing as my father was his older brother…" Darcy said, with a hint of sadness in his voice. "His estate belongs to me when he dies." He turned his gaze to the floor. Pain and sadness flashed across his beautiful features. "I am so sorry, Darcy. For you to only just find out about your uncle…" Elizabeth shook her head. "I cannot imagine how painful it is. He is the last link you have to your father." Elizabeth realised. Darcy gave her a sad smile. "I am here for you. Every step of the way." Darcy's smile brightened and he placed a lingering kiss on her lips. "You do not know how happy I am to hear you say that." Darcy laughed softly. "Let us rest for a few hours." He led Elizabeth to her room and helped her to undress. Elizabeth's heart was fluttering manically inside her chest. His touch was so gentle that it made her body flood with desire. Golly, how she wanted him. She pressed herself into him as he placed lingering kisses upon every inch of skin that he unearthed. Each kiss left a delicious tingling sensation; causing her body to melt. Elizabeth soon had enough and turned to kiss Darcy's lips. He kissed her back with as much desire and love as she gave him. The kiss was a battle of wills and soon both Elizabeth and Darcy found themselves pressed against the bed. Their hands wandered over every inch of skin they could find. Each caress grew hotter and firmer; causing Elizabeth's head to swim. Elizabeth reached her hand down and gently clasped his manhood through his breeches. He slightly jumped at the contact but then relaxed. Elizabeth continued to softly stroke him. Darcy began moaning softly against her. The moan caused Elizabeth to blush with arousal. She pulled away from Darcy to look at his face. His face was completely slack with pleasure. His hands had begun wondering down Elizabeth's body. He cupped her breasts through her chemise and then he wondered further down. "I need you Darcy, Please." And just like that, the spell was broken. Darcy quickly registered where he was and looked at Elizabeth with shock. He quickly pulled away and sat on the edge of the bed. His head was buried in his hands as he tried to regulate his breathing. Elizabeth sat up, trying to control her anger. "What is wrong, Darcy?" Elizabeth's voice came out clipped. "Elizabeth, I have something to admit to you." Darcy whispered as he turned back to his wife. He took her in his arms and kissed her head. "I know I had said before that the reason I am so reluctant to try and join with you again was because of what happened the first time. But it is not the reason." Darcy explained, taking a deep breath. "I have not had the best track record with women. Including my own mother. Every time I had let myself become exposed; my heart got broken." "I had decided a long time ago that I would never let another woman inside my heart or my bed. However, you came along and destroyed all my efforts to keep my heart hidden. Now I am left to wonder if I would ever fulfil your desires. What if I am not good enough? I cannot have you hating me like all the others. You mean so much more to me than those and I cannot even begin to think about how that would destroy me. When we tried the first time, it shook me. I think, in a way, it confirmed my niggling darker thoughts. I hurt you, thus I am not good enough. I am not good enough to be your husband in all the ways that matter. So, I began shutting you out. That is the reason I keep pulling away. It is not you. But me." Darcy confirmed as his arms tightened around Elizabeth's waist. Elizabeth had tears in her eyes. Never would she have thought that Darcy had such misleading thoughts. He is an amazing husband, Elizabeth thought. She wrapped her arms around him tighter. "Darcy, you will never know how much I love and admire you. I understand now why you pull away. Although I do not know everything about your past and the women you have… known. I know that they do not define who you are. As far as I can tell, the fault is with them not with you." Elizabeth stated, honesty flooding every inch of her voice. "I know you are scared and that I did not help matters in any way but you do not know the future until it happens. The only way you will be able to change your thoughts is to try again." Darcy placed a kiss on Elizabeth's head. He was so happy that Elizabeth happened to be his wife. "Either way, I want to make our second time better than the first. With that being said, will you wait until I am ready to try again?" Darcy inquired of his wife. Elizabeth thought about it. She could not help but feel annoyance flair inside her chest but she needed to ignore it. Darcy means more to her than anything else. She will not destroy her relationship with him over something that will happen later in the future. "I will promise you to wait. Just do not take too long my love. I may not be able to hold back," Elizabeth joked as she placed a soft kiss on Darcy's lips. Darcy chuckled softly and tightened his grip on Elizabeth's waist. "I will not take too long, my love. I desire you as much as you desire me. Sleep now." He kissed her head and Elizabeth got more comfortable against his chest. "I love you Elizabeth." "I love you too Darcy." Elizabeth said and closed her eyes; letting sleep claim her. Two hours later Elizabeth and Darcy were awoken by a loud knock upon the door. Elizabeth felt her heart speed up with fright and she jumped up into a sitting position. She heard Darcy chuckle softly behind her and she could not help but smile and laugh along. Darcy quickly got up and grasped Elizabeth's robe from her cupboard and gave it to her to put on. Elizabeth wrapped herself in the soft cotton and sat on the edge of the bed. She nodded to Darcy when she was ready and he called out for the person to enter. "My apologies for this interruption but I believe it is time to get the mistress ready for this evening?" Gina said in immaculate English. Darcy nodded his head and with one last kiss on Elizabeth's lips, he left the room to get ready himself. Gina smiled brightly at Elizabeth and headed to a door in the corner. "I have prepared your bath in the next room, Milady." Elizabeth smile back at the maid and approached the door. "May I call you Gina?" Elizabeth asked. "Of course, milady. You may call me what you like." Gina dipped into a curtsey. "I am not a Lady, Gina. Thus, I must not be called 'My Lady'." Elizabeth informed the girl with a smile on her face. The young woman blushed, "Forgive me Mistress. I did not mean to offend." The woman looked so panicked that Elizabeth felt her heart drop. "I was not rebuking you. Your English is impeccable. I just wanted to ensure that you knew the difference. There are many people in the world who would not care for such a small mistake." Elizabeth quickly explained. "Also, please call me Elizabeth. I would like for us to be friends. As far as I am concerned, there is no difference between you and I." Elizabeth informed the girl. The girl looked so pleased, "As you wish Mistre- Elizabeth." The girl chuckled and led Elizabeth to the bath. "What oils would you like in your bath this evening?" Gina asked. "What oils are there?" Elizabeth inquired. "Jasmine, Rose, Lily of the Valley," Gina started to list. "Lily of the Valley would be perfect, Gina." Elizabeth smiled. Lily of the Valley was one of Elizabeth's favourite flowers. They reminded her of her grandmother. Every time she saw her grandmother her nose would fill with the wonderful smell and it always managed to make Lizzie smile. She watched as Gina poured the oil into the bath and the jug of water on the side of the bath which Elizabeth assumed was to wash her hair with. She wondered if she had time for her hair to dry. But then, Gina would not have placed it there if she did not think so. Elizabeth climbed into the warm water and felt her body melt into the water. Closing her eyes, Elizabeth let her mind wonder.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Elizabeth climbed into the warm water and felt her body melt into the water. Closing her eyes, Elizabeth let her mind wonder. Chapter 21 Part Two Darcy was waiting in the foyer for his wife to join him. He was so unbelievably happy to have such a beautiful woman as his wife. She was not only beautiful on the outside but also beautiful on the inside as well. He could not believe that he had gotten so lucky. He could not understand how someone as beautiful as Elizabeth could have been hurt so irrevocably. It made him want more than anything to hurt Heralds. How dare he. How dare he hurt such a beautiful and magical being. He deserved everything that was coming his way. He hoped he was destined for a horrible and gruesome death. Darcy must admit that was a bit sombre but he did not regret thinking it. A throat clearance from his left drew his attention to the stairs. Standing at the top of the stairs stood the most beautiful vision. Elizabeth was truly breath-taking. Elizabeth was nervous. Gina had dressed her in a rose-pink overcoat which cut off at the front just under her breasts and cascaded down her back to the floor in a train. Underneath was white 1`gauze underdress and pink dyed cotton underskirt. Rose slippers peaked underneath the hem of the dress. Her hair had been wrapped into a mid-way bun and ringlets had been left to cradle her face. Her lips had a small amount of pink tinted salve added to them which made them appear softer and plump. The rest of her face was left in its natural state. She had to admit that the dress gave her a new-found strength which had been missing since Heralds had attacked. She felt beautiful; really, truly, beautiful. When she looked at her husband she knew he thought she did too. Darcy moved forwards and smiled brightly at his wife. She smiled back and descended what was left of the beautiful staircase. She took his outstretched hand and watched, with butterflies flying through her stomach, as Darcy brought her hand to his lips. "My angel," Darcy muttered as he stared at her with love and pride in his eyes. "Your beauty stuns me more and more every day." Elizabeth grinned and let out a small laugh, "I do love when you get romantic, my love. Shall we depart?" "Of course, I am romantic. I am a Fitzwilliam Darcy after all." Darcy teased and moved them both towards the exit. Elizabeth was overtaken by an uncontrollable burst of laughter. Darcy stood bewitched for a moment before he joined in her laughter. This was what he liked to see. Hopefully she would be this carefree for the rest of her life. Darcy knew he would do anything to make sure that wish came true. Placing a lingering kiss on Darcy's lips, Elizabeth entered the beautiful carriage. Darcy's smile melted into an earth-shattering beam; causing Elizabeth's heart to fly. Darcy climbed into the coach and wrapped his arms around her as their journey began. Large torches lit the front of Darcy's uncle's house. Many coaches filed in and out of the grounds, dropping off their owners. Elizabeth sat, mesmerised by the evening gowns and the building itself. The building reminded her of Pemberley in a way. The walls stood at 80ft coloured white in the evening moon. There were not as many windows here as there were at Pemberley but that certainly did not make the place look any less open or any less grand. Elizabeth could tell that the Darcy family came from ancient money. The house itself looked like it came out of the medieval/ renaissance period. It made Elizabeth wonder how long the house had been in Darcy's family. But then she remembered that maybe it had been bought by his uncle. Elizabeth turned to her husband, "Was this your family's home or did your uncle acquire it when he moved here?" her eyes strayed back towards the awe inducing house and waited for her husband's answer. "My father gifted the house to his brother when my grandfather died. With the house came the Darcy's business in Italy." Darcy admitted as he looked at the house with a sense of dread. He hoped his uncle was kind. For Elizabeth's sake. Elizabeth looked at her husband and saw the apprehension on his face. "It will be alright, Fitzwilliam. I promise you," Elizabeth took Darcy's hand and placed a small kiss on to it. Darcy sent a small smile towards Elizabeth and took her in his arms in a small hug. Elizabeth placed her head on his shoulder. "You never told me your uncle's name." Elizabeth said. "Oh, I apologise, my love." Darcy rushed. "His name is Mr. Henry Marcus. He took my Grandmother's name." Elizabeth nodded and moved towards the door as the Coach came to a stop. Darcy climbed out first and reached back to help his wife to exit after him. Elizabeth felt her breath leave her. The house was even more beautiful up close and she found herself gaping. Elizabeth looked around at all the faces entering the building and she was taken aback. A woman was watching Darcy with a flirtatious smile and a hungry look in her eyes. Elizabeth felt anger flare inside her as she realised that Darcy was staring back at the woman. Was this a woman from his past? It must be. Darcy was completely frozen. He knew her. That woman had haunted his nightmares for most of his teenage life. She was the second woman to enter his bed when he hit teenage hood. She had been a married woman when he knew her. She was ten years his senior and had been his mother's friend. She had taken advantage of Darcy's need for a mother and made him do things that ruined Darcy's piece of mind. He felt his heart trying to escape his chest as he saw her making her way over to him. He turned his head to Elizabeth and saw anger flaring in her eyes. Her eyes softened when he looked at her. Panic flared inside him and he knew that she saw it because her face quickly turned to concern. Before she could ask him, what was wrong, the woman was upon them. "Fitzwilliam," she said in a sickly-sweet voice. "How grand it is to see you again. I have missed you." She came forward and placed a gentle kiss on his lips. Elizabeth was beyond angry now. How dare she touch what is hers and in public. Elizabeth watched as others turned interested gazes towards them. Some looked on with wonder, others with scandal written across their faces. Elizabeth looked to the floor as the anger heated her face. "Mrs Henderson, how are you? How is your husband?" Darcy asked past the lump growing in his throat. He felt a familiar burning in his eyes and an itch he wanted to scratch covering his skin. How he despised this woman. "I am no longer Mrs Henderson, Willy. My husband died ten years ago; which is why I had to depart from you so fast five years before. He was on his death bed. At least it means I am able to give myself to you again without a care." She muttered with a wink and a laugh. Elizabeth felt nauseous with jealousy. She saw that Darcy did not look much better. "Darcy, Darling, why don't you introduce me to your friend?" Elizabeth spat, venom lacing each word. However, a smile was plastered on her face. Elizabeth watched as the woman turned to her with disgust in her eyes. "Who on Earth are you?" the elderly woman spat back. Darcy turned from Elizabeth, to Agatha and back again. "Elizabeth, my love, this is Ms… sorry, what is your name now?" Darcy asked the woman. "Miss Agatha Brochette," The woman muttered with a sweet smile. Elizabeth felt her stomach roll again. "Miss Brochette, I would like to introduce my beautiful new bride, Mrs Elizabeth Darcy." Darcy introduced with pride in his voice. He turned a loving look on to his wife. Elizabeth beamed at him and placed her arm in the crook of his. "A pleasure… I am sure." Agatha muttered with a poisonous smile upon her face. Elizabeth really did not like this woman. With introductions over, Elizabeth bid the woman goodbye and quickly steered Darcy in to the line of guests. "Who on earth was that woman? You looked afraid." Elizabeth asked in a hushed whisper. There were still some people watching the couple as they entered the house and it made Elizabeth feel uneasy. "I will tell you later, my love." Darcy murmured back. Elizabeth felt her heart kick angrily in her chest but she knew just then was not the time. The inside of the house was as breath-taking as the outside and it made Elizabeth want to cry. She felt a tingly sense of excitement as she looked at the painted walls. Each different drawing told of a different story. One was a romance and another was of friendship, there were so many and they made Elizabeth want to stand and read them all. "Hello, I am Mr. Fitzwilliam Darcy and this is my wife, Mrs. Elizabeth Darcy." Elizabeth heard Darcy introduce. She turned to face the person her husband was talking to. The man was elderly and looked so exhausted that Elizabeth felt sorry for him. His skin was sunken and his gaze was slightly glazed. His skin was waxen and yellowing which made Elizabeth's heart wrench. This was Darcy's uncle. The man looked so ill and worn. "Fitzwilliam, you are finally here. I have been awaiting your arrival all evening. I am so pleased to finally meet you." The man rose and grasped Darcy's hand in a firm grip. He seemed to have some strength left in his aging muscles. He turned his sore- looking eyes towards her. He smiled softly at her and stretched his hand out towards her. She took it in hers. "Your wife you say? She is most beautiful, Darcy. I am happy to hear that you have settled down. Welcome to the family, my dear." He placed two sopping kisses on both of Elizabeth's cheeks and she felt her laughter bubble forth. "Thank you, sir," Elizabeth curtsied to him. "Let me introduce you to my wife," The old man said. "Juliet, this is my nephew and his wife, Fitzwilliam and Elizabeth. Fitzwilliam, Elizabeth, this is my wife, Juliet." The woman beside him looked to be between sixty and seventy and that must mean that Darcy's uncle was of a similar age, if not older. She welcomed them with open arms and warm kisses. She was beautiful. Her hair was still mostly black but it also had soft streaks of grey and white throughout it. Her skin was soft looking and her emerald dress complimented her green eyes perfectly. She hoped she looked as beautiful as this woman when she reached her age. "Come, enjoy the party. The meal shall begin in thirty minutes." Juliet stated in her soft Italian accent. Darcy smiled and promised to find his uncle again before the night was out. They entered the ballroom which was surrounded in many different people. Couples were dancing as others watched from the side lines. All of them had smiles upon their faces and it made Elizabeth happy to see. There were not many balls that she had attended in which all the guests were smiling. There was nearly always someone with a sour look on their face. "Would you like a drink, my love?" Darcy asked softly. Elizabeth turned and smiled at him. She nodded her head. "Alright, I shall be a few minutes. I shall meet you by this tree," Darcy said as he led her to where he meant. "Do not run away, my love." Darcy sent Elizabeth a cheeky grin and left to find the drink table. Elizabeth watched as her left. She could not help but laugh at her husband's antics. How she loved that man. Elizabeth surveyed her surroundings. The hall was so beautiful, magical even. Brought to life by the twinkling candles, vibrant tapestries and happy faces. Elizabeth loved it. She was hypnotised by some of the candles when she caught a movement across the hall. She felt her heart beat wildly as she stared at the face she had hoped never to see again. Heralds, or someone who looked like him, stood talking to a man across from her. The man next to him was staring at her. Elizabeth felt her breathing grow ragged and she felt her head begin to swim. She was having another panic fit. She wished she could get away from him but she was trapped on either side. When she looked again, the man had changed. He most definitely was not Heralds. Elizabeth took deep breaths and managed to calm her slamming heart. The other man still watched her, his eyes holding something akin to desire in them. She felt her body shudder but she is not sure if it was fear or intrigue. She needed to find Darcy and fast. Elizabeth started down the path that she was certain he had taken and quickly slid past the many guests. She quickly found herself at the drinks table but found no sign of Darcy. She looked around and quickly spotted his back. He was standing in front of a woman and seemed to be deep in conversation. Elizabeth slowly inched forward and quickly recognised the woman as Agatha. Elizabeth's heart kicked in jealousy and anger. She watched as the woman placed a small peck on Darcy's cheek. Elizabeth turned away from the sight and quickly pushed her way back through the crowds. She worked her way to the entrance and stopped short when she was met with a pair of startlingly blue eyes. It had was the man who had been watching her before. The one who she swore was talking to Heralds. She approached the man when her intrigue grew too much. He smiled at her and looked towards the woman who stood beside him. Agatha. Elizabeth smiled at the man and nodded her head. Agatha introduced the two of us. "Mrs Darcy, a friend of mine wanted to be introduced to you. Mrs Darcy, this is Mr. Wickham, Mr. Wickham, Mrs. Darcy." The woman smiled tightly and quickly excused herself. Elizabeth watched the woman's retreating form with a raised eyebrow. Rude, that was the only word that fitted that woman. "I hope you can forgive, my friend. She is quite rude when she wants to be." Mr Wickham murmured, his voice was deep and rich. It made Elizabeth clench in retaliation. She could listen to that voice for a long time. Much like Darcy's. Elizabeth smiled sweetly at the gentleman, "Your friend should learn to control her manners. Especially when she is in mixed company. You would expect her to know how to behave at her age." Elizabeth's words were laced with disgust. Wickham laughed softly, "Touché Madam." His face was lit in a smile. Elizabeth beamed back at him. She enjoyed this man's company. "However, I believe she can be excused for her behaviour madam." Wickham stated in a joyful voice. "And how is that Mr. Wickham?" Elizabeth teased. Mr Wickham grew quiet and edgy. His face was red as a beetroot when he finally spoke. "She spends her time with ladies… of the night, Madam." Wickham confessed. Elizabeth felt her cheeks flush. "Is she also a… Lady of the night?" Elizabeth asked with intrigue. "Nay, she only hires them." Wickham stated. He quickly rushed to add, "Not for herself of course. She is their mistress and they work for her in return for shelter and food." Elizabeth felt the disgust edge its way up her throat. How on earth had they even got on to this topic? This was not good talk for a ball or for any time at all really. Elizabeth blushed and looked to see if anyone had overheard. They had not. "This is not correct conversation for an establishment like this, Mr. Wickham." As she said this, however, she could not help but wonder if Mr. Wickham was a… customer of hers. "Forgive me Mrs. Darcy. I did not mean to offend," Mr Wickham consoled. "It is quite alright, Mr. Wickham." Elizabeth smiled at the man. He really was quite handsome. "Whereabouts in England are you from? Your accent reminds me of my husbands." Mr Wickham looked at the floor with a smile and blush on his cheeks. "Derbyshire, Madam." He lifted his head and gifted Elizabeth with a smile that stole her breath away. Elizabeth was about to respond when a voice called her name. A voice she knew all too well. Elizabeth turned and considered her husband's eyes. "Elizabeth, where were you? I thought I asked you to stay by the tree?" Darcy growled. Elizabeth glared at her husband, "I was talking to Mr. Wickham here." Elizabeth turned a bewitching smile at the young regimental soldier. Darcy's eyes darkened as they turned to glare at the man who had almost ruined his sister. "Wickham," Darcy spat out. A smirk spread over Wickham's features, "Darcy." Darcy turned back to look at his wife and whispered in her ear. "Will you join me for a walk in the gardens, Elizabeth?" Elizabeth nodded and turned her eyes back to Wickham, wonder filling every part of her. How do they know each other? She smiled brightly at the man, "It was a pleasure to meet you Mr. Wickham. I am afraid I need to step outside for some air." Elizabeth excused herself. "Of course, Madam. It was a pleasure to meet you as well." He reached forward and grasped her hand. Turning it over, Wickham placed a kiss on the back. Desire flooded through Elizabeth and felt her cheeks flame with guilt. "Hopefully we shall meet again." Wickham winked. His voice was sultry and deep and it made Elizabeth's stomach do flips. She had to get out of there. "I hope so. Goodbye." Elizabeth took her husband's arm and steered them towards the door. They had been walking the gardens for ten minutes and Darcy was yet to say anything. His face was dark like a thunderstorm and his eyes flashed with heat every few minutes. Elizabeth felt a shiver go up her back. Darcy stopped their walking and turned to her. "You are cold. Maybe we should head back inside. Dinner will be served soon." "Not until you tell me what is making you look like a storm at sea." Elizabeth threatened. Darcy looked at her and sighed. "I do not want you to talk to that man ever again." Darcy growled, barely containing his rage. Elizabeth stepped back, stunned. "Why ever not?" She asked, a challenge seeping through every word. Darcy's lip raised in a snarl. Elizabeth had never seen Darcy this mad. She bit the inside of her lip but made sure not to back away. "Do not question me, Elizabeth. You will do as I say." He spat at her. "Then I do not want you to speak to Miss Brochette," Elizabeth glared at him. Darcy looked taken aback, "What does she have to do with anything?" Elizabeth huffed and threw up her hands. "I came to look for you. I had a panic attack and I needed you. When I found you, she was all over you. Just like she was when we first walked in." Elizabeth yelled in exasperation. "So instead of breaking into the middle of it, you decide to run off straight into someone else's arms?" Darcy was beyond angry. "How dare you. I did no such thing." Elizabeth said, aghast. "Do not act all innocent, Elizabeth. Admit it, if he was to offer himself to you in the way I will not, you would go straight into his arms." Darcy cried. Elizabeth felt rage fill every part of her. Before she could stop herself, her hand went flying and slapped Darcy across the face. He stood there stunned. "I am not a whore. I would thank you not to refer to me as one. If a whore is what you are looking for then maybe you should spend time with Miss Brochette." Elizabeth growled as tears filled her eyes. With one last glare at her husband's guilty face, Elizabeth stormed off inside. Darcy took a minute to calm down and then followed his wife inside. They acted as if nothing happened until the bell for dinner sounded. Once they were seated, Elizabeth opposite Darcy and next to his aunt and Wickham, Darcy looked over at his wife with an apology in his eyes. Elizabeth stared at him for a moment and looked as though she wanted to cry and forgive him. But then her walls went up and she glared at him. Then she turned her attention on to Wickham and started in on an animated conversation. Jealousy snaked its way through his chest as he watched her laugh at whatever Wickham had said. Darcy heard a throat clearance next to him and he turned to see his Uncle looking at him with pity in his eyes. "I think you need to apologise to your wife for whatever it is you did, lad. Or you might just find yourself without one." His uncle stated as he watched Elizabeth and Wickham with a small frown. Darcy looked at Elizabeth and sighed. What on earth had he done?
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last Time: What on earth had he done? Chapter 22 The two weeks that they had spent in Italy, so far, had been an eye-opening experience for Elizabeth. Darcy and she spent an awfully long time getting to know Darcy's new-found relatives. She had fallen in love with all the sights that surrounded them and learnt quite a bit of Italy's history. Elizabeth felt as though she had found a second home. Not only in Italy, but in Darcy as well. He had apologised for what he had done by buying her flowers and treating her to a day of splendour. He wrote special letters to her and made her fall in love with him all over again. One such letter had made the tears flow from her eyes. They had both been on a river boat when he had given her the letter. She had read the letter and listened to Darcy as he murmured the words into her ear. Her insides turned to jelly. How she loved this man. My beloved wife, Elizabeth, I have been a fortunate man in life. More so than most. I have never wanted for anything; being a gentleman certainly helped me. But not in all matters. Certainly not those of the heart. Life has been fraught because of so many misgivings and losses that I had started to believe that I would never be happy. Then I met you. During my thoughts, I found myself watching the stars. I was reminiscing our time together; as short as it has been and I realised something quite remarkable. Which is that my heart had never known love until it beheld you. I spent the evening wondering if we would ever overcome the obstacles that life has thrown our way. But then morning came, and I saw your angelic face and I knew I would never need anything as much as I need you and that we would make it through anything. As I write this letter I remember a saying my father used to say to me. Though the leaves often fall from the great oak trees, the oaks never have time to miss them because the leaves become the food that feeds them and they survive yet another winter. The leaf gives the tree something to live for and helps the tree to reach its aspirations. I never knew what he meant but now I do. What I mean by this is that you are my leaf and I am yours. I need you to survive. You give me a reason to keep fighting. You are the gift that keeps on giving and I strive to be yours. You helped me realise what my ambitions were and I have slowly started to achieve them. My life would be utterly worthless without you. You have touched my life in the most amazing way. I could probably live without you, just like the tree, but I honestly do not want to. You are a secure part of my life that I could not bear to lose. There is a small amount in my life that I can boast about. But one thing I know is that I love you the most. No person alive will ever love you as I love you. As I watch the stars tonight, I can honestly say that you were right. Because you will be there always. For you are my strength and my courage; which is hidden so far in my fragile, damaged heart. The result of which is because of the pain others inflict; but I will manage with you by my side. You are my brightest star and I know I will follow you anywhere. Your eternal lover and servant, Fitzwilliam Darcy Tears had cascaded down her cheeks as she was gently rocked by the gondola. She never knew he could be so romantic and had never known he was such a descriptive writer. It made her feel loved. They had made up then and enjoyed the morning ride on one of Italy's many rivers. There was a tranquillity that settled over the married couple which lasted for almost a week. The tranquillity was broken, however, when on the fifth day, after an afternoon of shopping and meeting with Darcy's uncles, Darcy disappeared all evening. He had promised to spend the evening with her as they had not really had the chance throughout the day. They had just settled down to dinner when one of the servants came in and gave a letter to Darcy. Darcy read the note, looked at something that had fallen out in his palm, and quickly tucked it away in his dinner jacket. He nodded at the servant and sent him away. Elizabeth looked at her husband expectantly and saw that he was incredibly on edge. Darcy raised an eyebrow at his wife and then shook his head. They finished dinner in silence. Elizabeth wondered what was said in the note but did not press for an answer. She felt anxiety, anger and suspicion start to take flame in her gut. She knew the simplest thing could set her off and she was worried. By the time they were making their way to the sitting room, Elizabeth felt ready to explode. Darcy pulled his wife to a stop and kissed her lips. Elizabeth leant into the kiss, despite her mood, and was saddened when it suddenly came to an end. "I am afraid I have to cut our evening short, my love." Darcy murmured. "But you promised me," Elizabeth uttered. Darcy watched his wife with a frown. "I know I did and I promise to make it up to you but I must go." Darcy urged. "What is so important that you would willingly neglect your wife?" Elizabeth's face darkened considerably. She saw Darcy's jaw clench and she glared at him. He had no reason to be annoyed. "I am not willingly neglecting my wife. I have urgent business to attend to and it cannot wait." Darcy hissed at her. This just fuelled Elizabeth's anger. "Is it her you are going to see?" Elizabeth asked in an emotionless voice. Darcy looked at his wife incredulously, "her?" "Yes her." Elizabeth shouted. "Your mistress, 'Madam Brochette'." "I have no mistress," Darcy spat. "That is not what it looked like at your Uncle's party. You should be more careful if you do not want gossip to spread." Elizabeth's words cut like a knife. Darcy's eyes flared. "We will speak about this when I return. Try and have a good night." Darcy said politely and stormed out of their temporary home. Elizabeth was fuming. She stormed up into her room and slammed the door. She contemplated locking it but knew that she wanted Darcy to come to her when he returned. Anger pulsed in her veins. She lashed out. The first thing to fly was a small urn that stood on a small pedestal by the wall. Next was everything on her dresser. By the time her anger subsided, the whole room was in turmoil. Elizabeth felt a stinging sensation on her arm and looked down. A long, deep gash ran down her arm. Where on earth had she gotten that? She wondered to herself. When she looked down she saw there was a letter opener laying on the ground covered in a red substance. Her blood she assumed. The letter opener had been discarded earlier that morning and she must have forgotten to replace the safety sheath. Elizabeth sighed and sat on her bed. She looked at the ground and went into a deep trance like state. It must have been nearing two hours later when Elizabeth was brought back to the present by her door slowly opening. Darcy entered the room and stopped abruptly at the sight before him. His wife sat on her bed clutching her arm in the middle of what appeared to be a disaster area. He looked around the room with a frown. Elizabeth kept her gaze on the floor and felt her husband approach. "What happened?" He asked as he sat down heavily on the bed. "I was angry," was the only explanation Elizabeth felt he needed. Darcy stared at his wife and saw pain etched across her features. He had hurt her. Anger spread through his chest. Not anger at her but at himself. He wished he could explain to her what he was doing but he just wouldn't. She had no reason to know. Not yet, anyway. Darcy took Elizabeth's hand and noticed the gash on her arm. Panic surged through his chest as he imagined her taking a knife to her delicate skin. "You are hurt." Darcy stated. "Congratulations on your observation. You must be so proud." Elizabeth's sarcasm grated at Darcy's nerves. "Did you do this to yourself?" Darcy asked. Elizabeth turned a dirty look his way, "No I did not." "How did you do it then?" Darcy inquired. "I caught it when I wrecked the room." Elizabeth muttered and turned her eyes back to the floor. He stood up and left the room. He returned moments later clutching small swab of cotton, alcohol, some bandages and a needle and thread. "What do you think you are doing with those?" Elizabeth asked as she backed away slowly. "I am going to clean and dress your wound, Elizabeth." Darcy warned and sat next to her on the bed, once again. "I figured you would not want to see a doctor." Elizabeth felt her heart melt a little when he said this. He remembered her dislike of doctors. "Thank you, Darcy." She murmured, gratefully and sat still. She gave Darcy her arm and watched him as he worked. She was hypnotised by his steady rhythm. "How do you know how to care for wounds?" She asked in a small voice. "I had a doctor teach me after your… accident. I saw how much you hated the doctor touching you so I figured if I could limit the use of a doctor when you were hurt then you would feel better." Darcy explained as he kept his gaze on the wound he was patching up. He felt the ache in his chest as he cleaned and sew the skin. He felt so guilty. If he had not argued with her then she would not have hurt herself. She would not have felt he was neglecting her for someone else. He really messed up, yet again. "I am sorry Elizabeth. I should have told you what I was doing. I should not have fought with you. Can you forgive me?" Darcy asked as he finished bandaging her wrist. "There is nothing to forgive my love." Elizabeth touched her hand to his stubbled cheek and smiled as he raised his eyes to hers. "Can you forgive me, my love?" Darcy shook his head and delicately lifted her injured wrist to his lips and kissed it. "I also have nothing to forgive." Darcy leant forward and pressed his lips upon her soft ones and felt the shock shoot through him. How he wished he could be with her in every way. But he had a special plan for that and he was just going to have to wait until the plan was set up. Slowly pulling away, Darcy smiled at his wife's blissful face. With one lingering kiss, he stood to leave. "Where are you going?" Elizabeth asked, alarm filling her voice. "I was going to retire to my room." Darcy stated with a frown. Elizabeth smiled mischievously, "You still need to make up for leaving me without an explanation. You better get comfy in here, my love. For I am not going to sleep alone. Not tonight." Elizabeth smiled, and rose to undress. Her outer dress was easy enough but then she reached her corset. "I may need some help my love." Elizabeth teased. Darcy walked towards his wife as if in a trance and turned her round so that her back faced him. He started to undo her bindings. The more skin that was revealed, the more Darcy found it difficult to breathe. He slowly moved his face forward and placed tender kisses to the skin as it revealed itself to his wandering eyes. Elizabeth felt like she was on fire. His lips left a tingling trail all over her back and caused her breathing to accelerate. Once her stays were undone she turned to face her husband in only her shift. She smiled impishly at him and raised her hands to help him divest himself of his jacket and evening wear. As she went, she placed lingering kisses on his skin as he did for her. A shiver passed through him and as she rose he captured her lips in a searing kiss. "We better get to bed, my love, before things go too far." Elizabeth said with regret as her husband kissed her neck causing butterflies to fly in her stomach and ignited a fire in her groin. Darcy groaned and attempted to pull himself away from her. However, he found he could not. He pressed himself into her body. She felt his desire against her shift and ground her hips into his, eliciting a moan from them both. She kissed him again and then pulled away. "I am willing to wait if you are. If not, you can have me now and we can move on." Elizabeth offered him. He sighed. How he wanted to give in. His body craved it like it craved air. He needed her body but he knew now was not the right time. He knew when would be the right time but this was not it. "How I would love nothing else than to take you right here, right now. But now is not the time. However, I promise the time is soon." "Then we will wait and the time will be all the sweeter because of it." Elizabeth smiled and pulled her husband to bed. They settled down in each other's arms and closed their eyes. Darcy turned his face into Elizabeth's hair and she turned into his neck. Each of them inhaling the other's scent. "I love you," Elizabeth murmured. "I love you too, my angel." Darcy cooed. "Always." Then just like that, they fell into a deep, dreamless, slumber.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Then just like that, they fell into a deep, dreamless, slumber. Chapter 23 The beginning of the third week of their honeymoon appeared all to rapidly for either of the Darcys' liking. The honeymoon had been a welcome break. They had needed the chance to get away from the sorrow of the past so that they could heal properly and that was what the honeymoon had done for them. Elizabeth had become freer and was laughing more than Darcy had ever seen her. He had fallen even more in love with her. Their life had finally begun and he could not wait for the day that they could bring it home to Pemberley. They had decided that they would spend the start of their week staying with Darcy's uncle. They had all become close over the past couple of weeks and Darcy was eager to spend more time with his uncle and his wife. Elizabeth was quite taken with their older companions and hoped that the couple would consider a trip to Britain, if Darcy's uncle was well enough. Once they were settled and their things were placed in their rooms, Elizabeth and Darcy joined his uncle and aunt for some tea and some lunch. They spent the afternoon talking about silly things. Mainly of life back home and Henry's exploits all over the world. They were even regaling each other on how each of the couples met. Elizabeth was quite surprised with how Henry and Juliet had met. Apparently, they had met in Verona, in the exact same way the Romeo and Juliet had met. It had been a big party for all of Verona and everyone was invited. Henry had been there on Business and had been invited by several of his friends. He took the offer without knowing what would appear in his future. "I remember walking through the large wooden doors. The room was filled with hundreds of masks and inebriated people." Henry had laughed as he remembered the time fondly. "I had happened to look at the dancers who were prancing around gaily in the centre of the room and that is when I saw her. She was an angel in disguise. Although, her disguise had been ruined by the fact that she wore her mask upon her head rather than over her face." The room was filled with merry laughs as the lady in question blushed. "It was rather warm that night, my love. Do you not recall?" Juliet murmured in her rich Verona accent. The old man turned and smiled at his wife. "That it was, my angel." Henry said indulgently and then returned to his story. Keeping his gaze fixed on her. "I was so bewitched with this ethereal beauty that I found myself walking closer to her. At that moment, she raised her eyes and our eyes met. My breath had left my body. She smiled at me. I could not believe it. The most beautiful creature had stopped and smiled at me." He shook his head, his face telling the room that he was still amazed that she was his. She smiled gently at him and kissed his cheek. "When the dance had ended, I had gone out to the garden to get some air. That is when I realised I had been followed. The little minx had left the party, which her family were hosting by the way, and followed me. We spent the evening talking and it was as if I had found the missing piece in my heart." He turned to his nephew and his young wife and smiled. "By the end of the week we were engaged and then married a month later." Henry stated and placed a lingering kiss on his wife's hand. She smiled and clutched his hand to her chest. Elizabeth had tears in her eyes. They were so perfect with each other that it almost made her jealous. But then she looked at Darcy and remembered she had nothing to be jealous of. She had her own Romeo right there. "That was a beautiful and enthralling story, Uncle. You two are the alternative story to Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. One may wonder what would have happened if the two had also had the same chance as you two." Darcy murmured. Elizabeth nodded her head in agreement. "I often find myself comparing our love to that of Romeo and Juliet but I often find that I am grateful it is not like their love. If it had been then neither of us would be alive now. I count my days with Juliet as a blessing." Henry said, pride filling his voice. "Now, I know you both must be exhausted after your day of travel. So, why do you not retire and we shall reconvene tonight at the ball." They all rose and Henry approached Elizabeth. "A pleasure to see you again, Elizabeth, as always." He picked up her hand and kissed it softly. Elizabeth smiled, "And you, uncle." She placed a gently kiss to his withered cheek. The old man smiled and pulled away, patting her hand. Darcy offered his farewells to Juliet and Henry, as did Elizabeth, and they both retired to their room. "I think I shall sleep for an hour before we must get ready. Will you join me?" She asked as she leant on the bed. "I think I shall. Just let me ask Gina to wake us when it is time." Darcy quickly left the room and Elizabeth quickly removed her clothing. She placed them on a chair and then ducked under the sheets. Darcy entered ten minutes later and undressed, making sure to keep his breeches and shirt on. They cuddled up under the sheets and promptly fell asleep. The hour of the ball approached rapidly. Darcy had left to go into his antechamber an hour ago and Elizabeth had followed into her own. Gina helped Elizabeth bathe, making sure to rub and wash Rose oils into her hair and wash her body in Rose scented soap. She had taken the liberty of choosing Elizabeth's gown, shoes and jewellery. But Elizabeth found she did not mind. Gina had chosen Elizabeth a gown of Midnight blue. The fabric was soft like velvet and was thick which meant she would be protected from the cold that was surrounding the house this evening. The edges of the dress were brocaded with silver tinted lace. On the main body of the dress there was a small amount of midnight blue lace which gave the dress a different dimension and throughout that there were rhinestones equally placed to give the dress an extra shine. Elizabeth had never seen such and elegant dress and she was certain that it was not one of hers. "I made the dress for you. Your husband asked it of me. He gave gems too so I wove them through the dress. I hope you like it." Gina stated. "Oh, Gina, it is the most beautiful dress I have ever beheld." Elizabeth gushed. Gina blushed and curtseyed. She helped Elizabeth dress and then proceeded to do her hair. She started by tying a ribbon in her hair which matched the dress. Then with the top half of Elizabeth's hair she began to twist it on both sides until they reached the middle. There she placed a small hair comb into it to keep it there. She then proceeded to twist the rest of Elizabeth's hair into the middle until it created a messy twisted bun on the base of her head. The ribbon had been twisted throughout her hair. Then for her face she put a small bit of charcoal on Elizabeth's lids and eyebrows. She pinched Elizabeth's cheeks until there was a flushness to her cheeks. Gina deemed the rest of her face presentable. Elizabeth looked at herself in the mirror and almost cried. She looked lovely. Her whole appearance screamed regal. She could not wait to see Darcy's face as she walked downstairs to meet them. The clock struck eight thirty which was ten minutes before quests were supposed to arrive. Elizabeth smiled and thanked Gina and then left the room to search for her husband below stairs. She was halfway down the staircase when Darcy appeared with his uncle and aunt from the drawing room. Darcy had not noticed her yet but his uncle and aunt stopped. Their mouths almost hung open and if society's decorum had let them then Elizabeth was sure they would have been drooling. That was when Darcy noticed the silence in the room. He looked at his aunt and uncle and frowned. He followed their gaze and his own gaze alighted upon his wife. She was an angel, of that he was certain. How else could she always blow him away with her beauty. She was just ravishing and he felt desire, pride and love filter their way through his system as he slowly approached her. She reached the bottom step just as he arrived. She smiled widely at him and he found that his own grin broke across his face. "Are you quite alright my love?" Elizabeth asked, softly. "I believe I have seen an angel, my love." Darcy uttered and raised her hand to his lips. "My angel." Elizabeth beamed at her husband and allowed him to escort her to Henry and Juliet. Both had tremendous smiles upon their faces. Juliet moved forward and embraced Elizabeth. When they parted, Henry approached her and clasped her hand in both of his. "I must agree with my nephew, madam. You do look like an angel this evening. Much like you do each day I see you." He placed a small kiss on her hand. Henry pulled away, then with a small smile, offered his wife his arm and escorted her to the door. Darcy followed his lead and they all made their way over to greet the guests. The first few couples that walked through the door were ones that Elizabeth was not familiar with. The first was a short stout pair that had very sullen faces. They were introduced as Mr and Mrs Winchman of Mildew Manor. They were polite and quite curt but Elizabeth found that she did not mind them. The pair moved on with a curtsey and Elizabeth let out a small breath. The next pair were tall and willowy, completely different from the Winchman's. They were introduced as the Calmers. Their appearance screamed joyfulness and mirth. Elizabeth felt drawn to the two and she found herself riveted to their every word. When they moved on, Elizabeth felt happiness radiate from her soul. She liked them very much. The following families all differed in sizes and temperaments; each of them causing different emotions in Elizabeth. They were almost to the end when Elizabeth spotted Mr. Wickham. He stood with Henry and Juliet, smiling and chattering as if they were all old friends. Wickham was dressed in his militia uniform, every brass button shining in the overhead lights. When his eyes landed on Elizabeth, the blood seemed to vacate her head and left her giddy. She clutched her husband's arm and felt how tense he was. She turned her gaze to face him and saw that he had a face like thunder. Elizabeth frowned and squeezed his arm, drawing his attention. "Are you alright, my love?" "I could ask you the same thing." Darcy said, Jealousy seeping through into his voice. "I beg your pardon?" Elizabeth was shocked that he would even say something like that. Darcy looked her in the eye, his own full of pain, and sighed. "Forgive me, Elizabeth." Darcy uttered, shame filling his face. Elizabeth leant forward and kissed his cheek. "All is forgiven." Elizabeth smiled softly at her husband and he smiled back. His smile fell from his face when he looked up and Mr. Wickham was stood two feet in front of them. "Mr. Wickham," Elizabeth nodded in greeting. "A pleasure to see you again, Mrs. Darcy." Mr Wickham's voice was soft like silk and Elizabeth blushed softly. "And you," She smiled. "Darcy," Mr. Wickham greeted her husband. Both of their composures turned tight and strained. Elizabeth looked between the two men, both completely different in looks and stature, and frowned. When had they crossed paths? "You both know each other," Elizabeth stated rather than asked the pair. They both looked at her with dark eyes. "We know each other." Darcy confirmed with tight lips. He was angry and she could tell he was barely containing it. "Darling, I believe your uncle just beckoned for us. Would you excuse us, Mr. Wickham?" Elizabeth inquired. "Of course not, Mrs. Darcy." Wickham smiled at Elizabeth and threw a dirty smirk at Darcy and walked off. Elizabeth stared at Darcy for a while. He gradually relaxed after a few minutes and was finally able to look Elizabeth in the eye. "I know you have questions, my angel, but I am not going to answer them now. The guests are waiting, will you join me?" He asked in a sweet voice. Elizabeth nodded but felt annoyance spread within her. Twenty minutes passed and they had finally been introduced to the last couple. According to Henry, there were several other couples who would be arriving later but as it was, there was no-one at this time. Thus, the party began. Dancers filled the centre of the room and Darcy offered Elizabeth his hand for the first dance. Elizabeth smiled and gratefully took it. The first dance was a county dance and Elizabeth could not remember the last time she had laughed so much. Darcy was a very good dancer and Elizabeth wished he would put it to good use more often. They danced the next three dances as well but soon Elizabeth grew wary and had to sit down. Darcy escorted his wife to a chair that overlooked the dance floor and informed her that he was going to get some refreshments for them both. Elizabeth sat and watched the dancing with such joy in her heart. The couples were all beaming brightly and Elizabeth thought they reminded her of the people she left at home in Meryton. Nostalgia filtered into her gut and she felt a little bit home sick. Meryton had been her life for the last twenty-one years and now she found herself married and living in many different places. She missed the simplicity and quietness of her home town. She missed the conversations she would have with the shop assistants when she would venture in to town. She missed the balls they would have in celebration of the county and their lives. But most of all, she missed her family. Especially her Papa and Jane. She had never gone longer than a week without seeing them and now she would rarely see them and it broke her heart. She had not heard from her family and it worried her. She was hoping that the letters had merely been sent to Pemberley and that she would get to read them when she returned. They had not forgotten her completely… She hoped. With the sombre thoughts circling in her head, Elizabeth went on a search to find her wayward husband. She found him at the refreshment table, conversing with the she devil or Mrs Agatha Brochette as others apparently called her. Insecurity and jealousy snaked into Elizabeth's chest and she found she could not watch them any longer. She felt sick to her stomach. He had left her for that harlot. It made her so angry. Elizabeth stormed out of the party and into a secluded room that had a window seat and several bookshelves. It obviously belonged to Juliet. Elizabeth sat in the window seat and felt her anger drain away to reveal a deep sadness. She had given up her life for this man, given him all her love, and at the first hurdle he runs to a woman he knew long ago. The pain in Elizabeth's chest was almost excruciating. Tears fell from her eyes and soon she was sobbing her heart out. Elizabeth was unsure of how long she had sat there crying but was soon brought out of her thoughts by the door opening slightly. She quickly stood up and turned away from the door. How she hoped it was Darcy. She hoped that he had finally noticed her absence and had come looking for her. She hoped against hope. Quickly drying her face, Elizabeth turned to face the intruder. Instead of finding the proud countenance of her husband, she found the sullen face of Mr. Wickham staring at her. "Mr. Wickham," She greeted hastily. She curtseyed softly and felt disappointment settle in her gut. "I see I am not the one you were hoping for." Mr. Wickham stated, ruefully. Elizabeth shook her head and turned her gaze away. "I suppose you were waiting for your husband, correct?" Elizabeth nodded in affirmation. "Last I saw he was engaging in a dance with Mrs Brochette." Elizabeth felt jealousy and sorrow once again take route in her gut. She sat down heavily on the window seat and began to cry silently, once again. "At least I now know where our loyalties lie." She murmured, bitterly, under her breath. "Thank you for informing me, Mr. Wickham." Elizabeth groused. "I must admit that the pair are quite close, are they not?" He observed. Elizabeth was incensed. Who did this man think he was to involve himself in her personal matters. Elizabeth rounded on the man. "With all due respect, Mr. Wickham, I do not believe the matter has anything to do with you." Her words were thick with warning. "With all due respect, Madam, I think it has." Mr Wickham countered. Elizabeth raised an eyebrow and waited for him to continue. "I believe I have become quite fond of you, madam. I cannot bear to see you hurt and disgraced in such a way. If you would like, I could bring the matter up to your husband." "Mr. Wickham-" Elizabeth began but was cut off by Mr Wickham's lively "Call me George." It was not proper decorum to call a man by his first name if you were not properly acquainted with him. However, at this point, Elizabeth was beyond caring what society permitted and what they did not. Thus, she allowed it and allowed him to call her by her first name. "I am thankful that you would be willing to take such a task upon your shoulders, George. However, I feel that it is a problem between me and my husband." Elizabeth explained. "Very well, Elizabeth. If that is what you wish." George surrendered. "However, I would suggest that you remind him that if he wishes to keep his affairs private, then he must exercise caution." "What do you mean by that?" Elizabeth inquired. "I mean that maybe the late-night rendezvous' to Ms Agatha Brochette's brothel should stop." Elizabeth felt shock strike through her body as his words sunk in. He promised her that he did not go there. That liar. "You did not know?" George asked, concerned. "I do now," Elizabeth stated, ironically. George looked ashamed and Elizabeth could not blame him. It was never nice to be the bearer of bad news. "I must beg your forgiveness, Mr. Wickham. I am feeling under the weather. I must retire to my rooms." Elizabeth stood up and curtseyed to George. George came over to Elizabeth's side and grabbed her hand. Bringing it to his lips, George placed a singular kiss on it and smiled at her. "Good night." Elizabeth bid. "Good night, Elizabeth." George soothed. Elizabeth had to get away from Wickham and his slimy ways. She knew he was up to something but she did not know what. Right then, she just did not care. Quickly finding her aunt and uncle in the crowd of people in the hall, Elizabeth said her apologies and her good nights. They bid her good night and that they hoped she felt better. Elizabeth smiled and made a beeline for the stairs. With one last look at Darcy and Wickham, Elizabeth fled upstairs to her room.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: With one last look at Darcy and Wickham, Elizabeth fled upstairs to her room. Chapter 24 It was past ten when Darcy finally came to check up on her. He had searched for her all evening and when he could not find her, and she did not show up to the meal, he asked his uncle. Henry had told Darcy that Elizabeth had retired at around nine thirty because she was feeling unwell. This worried Darcy, what on earth had caused her to be unwell? He had an inkling that it had something to do with a certain lady. If that was the case, then Darcy was in for one hell of a night. He reached her door and hesitated; should he knock? Of course, he should knock she was his wife. Even if she is angry with him, she still deserved his attention. Darcy felt ashamed for even contemplating running away. He pulled his wrist up and knocked. "Come in." a small voice called. This was certainly not a happy Elizabeth. Darcy opened the door and stepped over the threshold. Elizabeth's face was pale and drawn which caused Darcy to panic. He rushed to her side and felt her forehead. "What is wrong, my angel?" She pulled away from his touch and instead, took his hand and cradled it in her lap. "Nothing is wrong, my Darling." Elizabeth's voice was tired and in retaliation, Darcy clenched his hand around hers. "Talk to me, Sweetheart." Elizabeth frowned and looked down at her hands. Darcy reached out and touched her jaw, gently raising it so her eyes met his. Elizabeth smiled softly and touched her hand over his. "I am not sure where to begin. My heart and mind are in such turmoil that I do not know if I am coming or going." Elizabeth admitted. Her eyes began to fill. "Where have you been going this last week or so?" Elizabeth's gaze sharpened slightly. "Why do you ask?" Darcy was taken aback by the abrupt change in her manor. "Just tell me. Please." Elizabeth begged. "Did you go to see… her?" Her voice faltered slightly as she struggled to get the words out. "I admit I have gone to see her twice. Both times were because she was having problems and needed my advice." Darcy admitted, sheepishly. "Were you there last night?" Elizabeth asked, her gaze now turned down. "No, I was not." Darcy promised. "I also never went there for any of the reasons that you are thinking of. I love you and I am loyal to you." Darcy begged for her to understand. Elizabeth looked him in the eye, scrutinizing him. She seemed to find what she was looking for in his gaze because her eyes lightened considerably. "I believe you, Darcy. I am sorry." "What for, my love?" Darcy inquired as he gathered Elizabeth in his arms. "For doubting you." Elizabeth snuggled into him and sighed softly. "May I ask, what caused you to doubt me?" Darcy asked. Elizabeth tensed slightly, "If I am honest, it was a multitude of things. The first thing that had caused me concern was your behaviour over the last week. You have acted rather distant. Disappearing each night for a lengthy amount of time and then coming home only to go to bed. It wore away at my nerves." Elizabeth admitted. "Then, tonight, you spent most of your time with Ms. Brochette and did not realise I left until half an hour later. Then Mr. Wickham put his shillings worth into the mix which caused me even more doubt. To say I was upset would be an understatement." Elizabeth exclaimed. "What did Mr. Wickham say to you?" Darcy asked, worried and more than a little annoyed. How dare he talk to his wife. How dare he. "That you and Ms. Brochette seemed close and that he has seen you leaving her… establishment late last night." Elizabeth blushed, feeling sheepish. Darcy looked at his wife with sorrow etched upon his face. "Why would you believe a man you barely know, over your own husband?" Elizabeth turned to look at Darcy. "You do not understand how difficult it is to see the truth when you are faced with so many things that add up to the opposite. I did not want to believe Mr. Wickham. But my mind and my heart were already doubting you and what he said just confirmed my thoughts." Elizabeth explained. Darcy nodded slowly, "I think I see what you are trying to explain. How long have you known Mr. Wickham?" "I have known him since the beginning of our honeymoon. He introduced himself at your uncle's party. From then, I have seen him several times. A couple of those times being when I dined with Juliet for breakfast, while you and Henry were beginning to work through the idea of joint leadership of his company. Apparently, Mr. Wickham knows your family well." Elizabeth explained. Her tone suggested that she was curious just how much they knew of each other but Darcy was not willing to go into detail about that just yet. "I want you to promise me something." Darcy's tone was serious and dared Elizabeth to object. "Anything." Elizabeth promised. "I want you to stop seeing Wickham." Darcy warned. When Elizabeth said nothing, he proceeded to ask something else. "I also want you to promise that if you ever doubt me, then come to me so I may fight my corner." Elizabeth nodded, "I promise." Darcy smiled, "Good. Now, I must head back downstairs before my uncle blows his top. Will you be alright until I return?" Elizabeth smiled and nodded. "I will return once the party is over. I love you." "I love you more." Elizabeth said. Darcy kissed her head gently and proceeded to head back down stairs. Elizabeth lowered herself further into her bed and blew out her candle. However, her nerves would not let her rest, thus she got up and called a servant. "Good evening Mrs. May I be of service?" A young girl asked softly, when she arrived at her door. "Good evening and yes you may. Will you inform my husband, Mr. Darcy, that I will be locking our room door? I am sure he will be able to access the room from that door or through his antechamber." Elizabeth instructed. "Right away Mrs." The young girl curtseyed and scurried away. Elizabeth closed the door and locked it. She made her way back to bed and proceeded to wrap herself up in the bed sheets. The following morning Elizabeth awoke to a pounding head ache and nausea. She was unsure what could be wrong but then she remembered the events of yesterday and knew that they were likely the cause. Darcy was not by her side, obviously having risen with the sun, which put Elizabeth on edge. Her emotions were swirling within her and she was unsure what the cause was. Darcy and she were fine, so she knew that was not the reason. Maybe it was homesickness? Maybe. Elizabeth began to ready herself for the morning. Once she was presentable, Elizabeth made her way down to the morning room. Her head felt fussy, but she was sure she just needed to break her fast. Her stomach waved once again with nausea and she felt as though she may part with her meal from the night before. Dizziness hit her, and she braced herself against the door which led to the dining room. She took deep steadying breaths and once her head began to clear, she stood up straight. Acting as though nothing had happened, Elizabeth entered the dining room. Darcy sat at the table with his Aunt and Uncle at the table. They all rose as she entered, and Darcy made his way to Elizabeth's side. She smiled softly at him. "Are you quite alright, my love?" Darcy inquired, touching his hand to her face. "You are quite pale and are quite warm." Darcy's eyes were full of worry. "I am quite well, Darcy. I promise you." Elizabeth promised. "I am just a bit tired is all." Darcy frowned but accepted her explanation. Elizabeth started to walk towards a chair but before she reached it, her head rushed, and her vision blackened. She lost her footing and collapsed. Darcy watched his wife as she made her way towards the table. He saw her collapse before it happened. Her knees had started to buckle, and her body had inclined towards the floor. Darcy ran forward and was able to catch her just before her body relaxed fully. She fell into his arms and he pulled her to his chest. He lifted her into his arms properly and then began to head back out the door. "Uncle, could you send for a doctor? Aunt, would you mind assisting me? I think Elizabeth has a fever." Juliet quickly made her way to Darcy's side as his uncle called for his servant. Darcy began the walk to her room. "I wonder what has brought this on." Juliet wondered aloud, echoing Darcy's thoughts. "I was just wondering the same, Aunt." Darcy reached the room in record time. Elizabeth was slowly waking up and was looking at her husband's face with clouded eyes. "What happened? I feel so tired." Elizabeth murmured softly. Darcy placed a soft kiss to Elizabeth's burning forehead. Darcy felt his heart clench in his chest. Lord in heaven protect her, Darcy's thoughts cried. "You fainted, dearest girl. You were quite lucky my nephew was there to catch you or that could have been a more painful fall." Juliet admonished. "I am surprised you even managed to make it down the stairs without falling." Darcy flinched as the scene played out in his head. He could not bear to think what falling down the granite stairs would do to Elizabeth. Thus, he shook his head free of the thought. He placed Elizabeth on the bed and walked to the other side and grabbed the water basin and jug. Elizabeth still had water and soap in the bowl from this morning's wash. Thus, Darcy took the basin to the window and disposed of its contents. He walked back to the jug of water and filled the basin again. Soap clouded the water but it was not as bad as it had been. However, when he looked at Elizabeth's face, he chose to place the linen face cloth in the jug instead. At that moment, a maid came in and rushed to take the basin away. Before she left, Juliet ordered her to bring a tray of breakfast up for Mrs. Darcy. The maid curtseyed and left without another word. Darcy placed the linen onto Elizabeth's brow and began to slowly wipe away the sweat that gathered there. Elizabeth opened her eyes slightly and smiled softly at her husband. Darcy tried to smile but knew that it had come out as a grimace instead. "I love you." Elizabeth murmured. "I love you too, My Angel." Darcy kissed her lips softly and she smiled. Her eyes closed as exhaustion won out. Darcy sat, staring at her face and wiping it, as worry spread through his chest. "I am glad you do love her like you say." Juliet stated, out of the blue. "Even though you have not bedded her." Darcy swung his head to face his aunt. He frowned at her. How in the world did she know? The woman cackled and came to his side, placing a hand on his shoulder. "Your wife told me. She tells me many a thing. Like how she is afraid she will lose you." Juliet raised an eyebrow at her nephew. "What made you think it was a good idea to visit a brothel when Elizabeth was at home waiting for you?" His aunt admonished. "If you think I went to that brothel for any other reason than to help an old friend, then you are severely mistaken, madam. I would never hurt my wife like that. Or embarrass her so." Darcy snapped. "Then why have you not made her yours?" Darcy's aunt asked Impertinently. "I do not believe this is a conversation we should be having, madam." Darcy snapped, again but this time out of embarrassment and annoyance. "Is it because she said his name and not yours?" Darcy frowned. Would this woman never stop? "If it is then you are a bigger fool than I thought you were. Elizabeth was scared. Any woman would have done the same if they had suffered half as much as she had. You should know that. But wait, of course you would not. Because society chooses to shun the girls who are raped. Like they had a choice. Rather than understand them, they embarrass them further." Darcy felt a twinge of guilt glide through him as he admitted the truth, if only to himself. He was a fool. "Just like you have by turning her away. Do you understand how much your rejection hurts her?" Juliet watched her nephew and saw that he had his stone mask firmly set over his features. "Of course, you would not. When do men ever see anything other than what they want to?" With this last comment, Juliet strode out of the room with a huff of anger and indignation. Never had a woman spoken to him like that. Never. He was not sure he liked it either. He knew his aunt was very opinionated; which was one of the many reasons his Uncle loved her. However, she was very impudent. Maybe his uncle embraced her openness, but he certainly did not. Why did Elizabeth speak to his aunt? Why could she not just come to him? Because you never listen to her when she does? Darcy's frown deepened as he recalled every time she had spoken to him about things. Darcy felt a tear slide from his eye as he remembered when he found her in Netherfield's grounds. His heart shattered all over again. A knock sounded on the door and Darcy wiped his eyes a quick as he could. "Come in," He called as he returned to wiping Elizabeth's forehead. Elizabeth's eyes fluttered open just as the door opened to reveal his uncle and the doctor. "Nephew, this is Doctor Schultz. He is our family doctor." Darcy stood and shook the man's hand. "Good morning Doctor, I apologise for the early morning call." Darcy said, the strain almost prominent in his voice. The doctor and Darcy's uncle frowned at him. Elizabeth held Darcy's hand that was closest to her. He looked down and saw that she had concern projecting from her eyes. Darcy smiled slightly and turned back to the doctor. "This is my wife, Mrs. Darcy." "Ah, Good morning Mrs. Darcy. Would you mind telling me what your symptoms are?" Darcy backed away from the bed, to allow the doctor to come and take a closer look at Elizabeth. Darcy looked at his uncle and saw him nod towards the door. Darcy nodded and followed him out. "Are you alright, my boy?" His uncle asked once they were outside. He placed a gentle hand on Darcy's shoulder. At that moment Elizabeth's hand maid came with a tray of food in her hands. "Would you mind taking that in the room? Then stay with my wife until she dismisses you." Darcy ordered. "Yes sir." The maid curtseyed and knocked on the door. When she was bid to enter she opened the door and then closed it behind herself. Darcy's uncle stared at him with an eyebrow raised. He was waiting. "I am quite alright, Uncle." Darcy insisted. "Is this about what my wife said?" Darcy stared at his uncle in surprise and dismay. "You heard." Darcy stated softly, remorse filling every fibre of his being. Darcy's uncle looked abashed, "Yes, unfortunately I did." His uncle looked towards the floor. "You must forgive my wife. She is used to giving her honest opinions to anyone and everyone. I will speak with her." Darcy nodded. "However, Nephew, what she said is true. In some respects." Darcy sighed and sat down on the plush bench outside of Elizabeth's room. "Believe me, Uncle, I know." Darcy said, resigned. "Do you?" His uncle asked softly, coming to sit beside his nephew. He placed a hand on his shoulder. "Women… Are very difficult creatures. They are strong but sometimes their weaknesses peek through. Your wife has shown immense strength throughout the time since the… incident." Darcy turned to stare at his uncle. "Juliet told me." Darcy sighed and shook his head. "What I am trying to say, William, is that your wife was bound to show insecurity at some point. Surely you are grateful she showed you her thoughts before it went too far? She may not have realised it; but she saved the both of you from further hurt." Darcy frowned, not quite understanding. "If she had not said anything and allowed you to continue, then she may have resented you afterwards. Women can be quite fickle about those sorts of things. They expect you to know their minds. Unfortunately, we do not." Darcy nodded. "Elizabeth showed great strength in the way she reacted to you. Her body may have thought she was ready, but her mind knew different. It reminded her of her plight through the replaying of what happened to her, in her mind. In those moments it is quite easy to lose your sense of time and surroundings. Almost as if you are in a dream like state. Elizabeth did not mean to hurt you the way she did. It was, unfortunately, a reaction to her memories." Darcy frowned, "I do hear what you are saying, Uncle, it is just that I cannot understand why she thought she was ready when she was not." Darcy's uncle frowned, "Because she loves you, William. She wants to be with you in every possible way. Body, mind, spirit and soul. It just happened to be that at that time her mind was not fully healed. Can you blame the girl?" "Of course, I cannot. It is hardly her fault. I suppose, in a way I still blame myself for what happened to her." Darcy explained. "If I had swallowed my damned pride, apologised to her, been better to her, then I would have taken her home. She would not have walked alone. If I had just had the sense to realise that I felt something for her then she would never have been hurt. If I had not met Heralds and his sister, then I could have saved her from this fate." Darcy placed his head in his hands as sorrow flooded through him. "Even if that had happened, how do you know she was not meant to meet him?" Darcy's uncle asked. "Fate works in mysterious ways. Maybe his path had been set long before you arrived." Darcy looked at his uncle with tears in his eyes. "That does not make me feel any better, Uncle." Darcy remarked, humourlessly. Before Darcy's uncle cold remark, Dr Schultz exited Elizabeth's bedroom. "Mr Darcy." The man nodded. "How is she?" Darcy asked as he sprung to his feet. "It seems she has naught but a cold. If she spends a couple days wrapped up in bed with soups and a few willow bark teas, then she will be well again in no time." The doctor stated. He passed a piece of paper to Darcy with his instructions written in a list. "Thank you doctor." Darcy said. With a nod, Darcy's uncle and the doctor made their way down the hall towards the stairs. Darcy hesitated slightly outside Elizabeth's door. With a shake of his head, Darcy opened the door and looked to the bed. Elizabeth looked pale and drawn; causing Darcy's heart to skip a beat in sorrow. He hates the sight before his eyes; he wishes it was him in that bed and not her. Out of the corner of his eyes he sees a movement and turns his gaze to meet the eyes of the maid. She bobbed a curtsey and asked if she was still needed. "My wife may still require your assistance. I am needed on urgent business and it would put my mind at ease to know someone is here taking care of her." Darcy sweet talked the nurse. The maid blushed and curtseyed. At that point, Elizabeth started to cough. "Would you fetch Mrs. Darcy a glass of water?" Darcy flashed the girl a smile and she blushed once again and rushed to do as he bid. "You are quite the tease Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth's tired voice teased gently. Darcy chuckled and came to sit beside her on the bed. "What makes you say such a thing, my dear wife?" Elizabeth opened one of her eyes to appraise Darcy with an amused look. "She was practically worshipping at your feet, my dear." Elizabeth closed her eyes, her face still smiling. Darcy grinned, "There is only one woman I would want worshipping at my feet, my dear, and that is you." Darcy joked with another chuckle. Elizabeth huffed a laugh, which turned into a cough. Her body raised as the cough shook her entire body. Once the cough passed, Elizabeth collapsed against her pillows. "That is not likely to happen, my dear. My will is too strong. Even for the old Darcy charm." Elizabeth teased with another gentle giggle. "I am aware of that, my dear. 'Tis a pity really; I am quite intrigued to see how you would look worshipping at my feet. It seems I will just have to make do with the maids." Darcy joked, and Elizabeth giggled once again. Her giggles died, and coughing took over. At that moment, the maid rushed in with a jug and a glass for Elizabeth. The maid approached the bed, whilst pouring a glass of water for her mistress. Darcy reached out a took the glass from the unsuspecting maid. Darcy quickly moved closer to Elizabeth's head and gently raised her head. He shuffled underneath her, and he raised the glass to her lips. She took a drink, gratefully. Once she had enough, Darcy gave the glass back to the maid. Elizabeth snuggled into Darcy's chest and Darcy wrapped his arms around his wife. "I am afraid, my dear, that I must leave you for a couple of hours. I have a few letters to write. Will you be alright?" Darcy asked as he placed a kiss on her head. "Yes, I will be fine Darcy." Elizabeth promised. "Make sure you do not leave that bed for any reason other than for your toilette. Is that clear?" Darcy warned. Elizabeth opened her eyes and lifted her head to look at her husband. "Bother, there goes my idea of riding out and going swimming in the lake." She said with a straight face. Darcy frowned and glared at Elizabeth. Elizabeth broke into fits of giggles. "Oh, Darcy, you should see your face." Elizabeth's laughter died down after a while. "Of course, I will not leave. I am too tired. I promise Darcy." "Good." Darcy lifted Elizabeth up and shuffled out from behind her. He placed her back on the bed and leant over to kiss her head. "I love you." "I love you too." Elizabeth murmured and closed her eyes, trying to go back to sleep. With one last look at Elizabeth and a nod towards the maid, Darcy left the room; retiring to the study adjacent to his room. His first letter will be to Mrs. Bennett informing her of everything that has happened and to ask her advice on where to go from here. The second will be to his jeweller in London, asking for the man to send a guard with one of the finest sets of jewellery that the Darcy family owned. Elizabeth deserved something beautiful after everything Darcy had put her through. Two hours passed until Darcy finally finished writing the letters. He gave the letters to the foreman and then retired to Elizabeth's side, intending to be at her side until she chases him away.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Chapter 25 The air was warm on the night that Heralds finally got the chance to meet with Wickham. It was oppressively warm. Heralds sat in the small Parlour of Madame Agatha's establishment many of the girls ogled him but not of them really tickled his fancy. He waited for a further ten minutes for Wickham to arrive. Just as he was about to give up, Wickham rushed into the room and headed towards Heralds. "What on earth took you so long?" Heralds cursed. He was angry. Beyond angry. Wickham smirked at him but did not give him an answer. Heralds had to clench his fists to keep from punching that smug face of Wickham's. A girl entered the lounge area and stared at Heralds. Heralds looked at her briefly but then had to look again; more intensely. She looked just like Elizabeth. His Elizabeth. "The plan is going according to plan." Heralds turned his attention back to his friend. "Last eve, Elizabeth took my bait. She had to leave the party due to the news. It is said that they have returned to their own manor following her upset." Wickham gloated. "You better not have done anything else." Heralds threatened. "We need her to trust you." "Oh, calm yourself. I never did anything." Wickham laughed. "Not that I do not want to." "Keep your hands to yourself." Heralds growled. "I will not touch your precious Elizabeth." Wickham rolled his eyes. A grin slowly etched across his features. "Unless she asks me to." Heralds rolled his eyes and got up. "I want you move into the last phase of our plan. Break up their marriage, once and for all." Heralds looked to the young girl and smiled. "Now, if you will excuse me, I am going to sample Madame Agatha's many delights." He tilted his head to Wickham and walked towards the girl and they both left the room. Wickham rolled his eyes at his friend and poured himself a drink. He brought the drink to his lips and saw a curvaceous blonde with a flirtatious smile on her face. He grinned wide and followed her to his room. The next day Wickham approached the building with trepidation and excitement rushing through his veins. Heralds and he had staked out the Darcy residence till the man himself had left to go to Madame Agatha's. He knocked on the door and waited until the butler answered the door. His eyebrow was raised as he looked at Wickham. "Mr. Darcy has left for the day." He sneered. "That is good for him." Wickham snapped. "I am here to see your Mistress. Tell her that Mr. Wickham is here." The man frowned but bid him enter. The man told him to wait in the foyer and went into a small antechamber. He returned ten minutes later. "She will see you now," The butler ordered him to follow and as he did, Wickham felt his face widen in excitement. Elizabeth had been sitting on one of their chaise lounge chairs in the parlour, when the butler came to her and told her that Mr. Wickham had come to see her. A small amount of resentment crept into her heart and so did a small amount of fear. What on earth did the bastard want now? "I can tell him to leave, Madam, if you would prefer." The butler informed his mistress, hoping to ease her worry. "Thank you, Franco, but I would rather hear what the man has to say. Inform Darcy of his presence when he returns." Elizabeth dismissed with a smile. "As you wish, Madam." The butler left the room and returned five minutes later with Wickham following behind. "Mr. Wickham, Madam." The butler bowed and left. They sat staring at each other, silence filling the room with awkwardness. Elizabeth was angry with this man. He almost ruined her marriage. It would have taught her not to believe fairy tales from men she did not know. Elizabeth knew exactly who this man was. Elizabeth made Darcy tell her while they were sitting together the previous night. He had refused to begin with but knew that Elizabeth would have to know so he told her. Elizabeth felt so annoyed with herself. She allowed a man, she did not even know, worm his way inside her head; turning her almost entirely against Darcy. She was angry and humiliated. She knew that if she had not already had doubts about Darcy's loyalty then she would never have believed this wretched man. She certainly did not believe him now and trusted in Darcy whole heartedly. Elizabeth returned her gaze upon the weasel when he cleared his throat. "I have come to offer my services, Madam." He announced with a small smile. "Your services, Mr. Wickham? What on earth would I need your services for?" Elizabeth inquired, as she glared balefully at the intruding Imp. "I heard you were unwell, Mrs. Darcy. I came to see if there was anything I could do for you." The man stepped closer and closer, with a devilish smirk appearing on his face. "Anything at all." The man simpered. Elizabeth felt uneasiness grow in her stomach. She knew exactly what the man was implying, and she was not happy to hear it. She rose from her seat and moved to the other side of the room. He followed until she was trapped in a corner with no escape. "Get out." Elizabeth growled as the man came ever closer. "My husband will be home soon." Elizabeth threatened, her voice pitching with fear. "I am not afraid of your husband, Mrs. Darcy." Mr. Wickham sneered, growing ever closer to the cowering Elizabeth. "I can give you what he will not. I can make you unravel with desires that you have never dreamed of. Just let me show you." He finally closed the distance and placed a hand on her cheek. Elizabeth supposed it was meant to be comforting but all it did was make her flinch. "Never." Elizabeth managed to spit before the gruesome man closed his lips upon hers. Elizabeth felt sick to her stomach. She raised her knee ever so slightly; remembering the manoeuvre her father and Darcy had taught her after they found her. She raised her knee with all her might and slammed it into Mr Wickham's groin. The man fell to the floor like a sack of potatoes. Elizabeth attempted to run but Mr. Wickham grabbed hold of her foot and would not let go. Elizabeth fell to the floor with a thud, her head bouncing on the floor. Mr Wickham turned Elizabeth over and grabbed her wrists; pulling them above her head. He sat straddling Elizabeth and had a smirk upon his face. "I like the ones that fight; makes the prize all the sweeter." He slammed his fist into Elizabeth's face and she let out a gut-wrenching cry. He then grabbed her face and slammed his lips upon hers once again. Elizabeth felt her mind fading slowly as the two blows to the head and his weight on her chest and his hands that had found their way around her neck; limited her already laboured breathing. She was almost unconscious when Wickham was suddenly ripped off of her and thrown across the room. Elizabeth was able to regulate her breathing once again and slowly came to. When she saw who her saviour was; Elizabeth cried with relief. Darcy had Mr Wickham face down on the floor with his arms behind his back and Darcy's Knee on his chest. Elizabeth did not think she had ever been so happy to see her husband. Which was a lie. She was always happy to see her husband; only this time it felt more gratifying. Elizabeth's head was throbbing something awful. All she could do was sit there and watch men arrive and take… him away. She felt gentle arms encircle her and she could not help burrowing further into the strong chest pressed against her side. She looked up to her saviour with dazed eyes. A small, tired smile stretched across her face. "Darcy," Elizabeth wheezed and seemed to think better of trying to talk. Her throat hurt like she had a thousand knives ripping through her vocal chords. She tried to clear her throat gently; hoping to ease a bit of her discomfort but all it did was aggravate the damage. She let out a small whimper and clutched her throat. Now that she was aware of the pain, Elizabeth could not ignore it. She must have been in shock to begin with which was why she had not felt anything. Shakes were slowly making their way through her body as it tried to comprehend what had happened to her. Her adrenalin had run out. She felt her energy drain and her vision fade to black. Darcy was shaking with rage. How dare that bastard touch his Elizabeth. He wanted to rip the man's guts out and fashion a new pair of garters out of them. How he hated Wickham. How dare he? How dare he! Darcy looked down at his wife in his arms and felt his world shatter and his blood run cold. She looked just like she did the day that he found her in the grounds of Netherfield. Crumpled, death like, cold to the touch… beaten. Darcy could taste metal in his mouth. He. Was. Livid. He felt his hands fold into fists as he held his unconscious wife. He was going to kill him. Even if it was the last thing he would ever do. He would kill him. Not only for hurting his wife but also for hurting his sister. The man had stretched Darcy's restraint too thin and Darcy knew he would snap. He only hoped he could get to the bastard before the police could. A maid came over and offered Darcy a blanket to wrap around Elizabeth. The maid went to touch Elizabeth, but Darcy looked up and let out a ferocious snarl; "Do not touch her." The girl whimpered, dropped the blanket and ran away in a fit of tears. Darcy knew he would have to find the girl later and apologise. But right then, he could not care that he hurt the girl's feelings. He was too full of rage. The butler came over and informed Darcy that the doctor was here to attend on Elizabeth. Darcy got to his feet; clutching his precious burden to his chest and slowly made his way to Elizabeth's room where he placed her softly on the bed and stepped aside for the doctor. While the man was not looking, Darcy slipped out of the room and stalked his way down to his library. Wickham sat there in the library chair, smirking at Darcy as he bounded into the room like a bull. Darcy took one look at the smug bastard and strode forward; sending his fist flying into Wickham's face. The chair fell over backwards, and Wickham landed with a thud and a Snap. The bastard's arm was broken. Good, Darcy thought evilly. Darcy pulled Wickham up with his broken arm; relishing in the blood curdling screams the bastard was letting rip out of his throat. "Do not dare to come near me, my wife or my sister again. Or any of Elizabeth's family. If I hear that you have been sniffing around any of my family again, I will put you in an early grave, so help me God." Darcy threatened, getting into Wickham's pathetic, whimpering, face. "How dare you hurt my wife. How could you hurt something so innocent and pure as Elizabeth? Is it because she is mine and you cannot stand it? Is that it?" Darcy growled menacingly. Wickham's face hardened slightly, and he smirked at Darcy once again. "I was merely showing your wife what she was missing while being married to you. Her face looks thoroughly miserable every time I see her. What's the matter Darcy? Cannot get it to rise? Mine certainly does every time I watch her move." Darcy felt rage flare even higher within him and he could not stop himself from backhanding the bastard. He was absolutely seething. "You are a rotten piece of horse schītte." Darcy seethed through his clenched teeth. "I hope you rot in Hell." With this last thought, Darcy stalked out of the room, grabbing his scabbard on the way out. Darcy ran, like his life depended on it. He had so much rage pumping through his veins that he felt like he might combust. As Darcy neared the edge of the small lake in the gardens, Darcy pulled his sword from its scabbard and threw the protector on the ground. He then flung all his energy into destroying the massive willow that sat next to the water. His energy soon faded, and Darcy felt all his strength leave him. He fell to his knees and placed his head on the hilt of his buried sword. He wanted to shout and fight and cry all at once. The images of Wickham on top of Elizabeth, crushing her whilst kissing her… It was not a sight Darcy ever wanted to see again. He could not even begin to comprehend how Elizabeth may be feeling at this precise moment. It also just now occurred to Darcy that he left Elizabeth alone, unconscious, with a man she barely knew. Darcy knew the Doctor would not do anything to hurt her, but Darcy also knows Elizabeth. He knows that those thoughts alone would not be enough to calm her if she was to wake up and find herself alone with a man just after she had been attacked. With these thoughts, Darcy ran to the house, making sure to collect his sword and scabbard on the way. He is stopped on his way upstairs, by the police warden who had been brought to the house to take Wickham away. The man asked for Darcy's account of what happened, but Darcy said he needed to get back to his wife. "I will send you my full account, and my wife's, before the end of the month. I will try and get it sooner, but I will not subject my wife to relive such horrible memories. I am also willing to pay any amount of money to have that man put on a ship and sent far away from here." Darcy informed the man. "Very well sir, I will speak to my supervisor and return to you once I know what he plans to do. Good night sir." The man bowed politely and left; with Wickham in tow. Darcy let out a large sigh of relief and gradually scaled the stairs to comfort his wife.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Darcy let out a large sigh of relief and gradually scaled the stairs to comfort his wife. Chapter 26 Darcy rose with the dawn and felt as if the weight of the world was upon his shoulders. It had been a week since the incident with Wickham and Darcy felt almost relieved when the courts summons came for him yesterday eve. He was amazed that the courts had managed to arrange Wickham's hearing so quickly. Darcy had been certain it would take at least a month. But then, he supposed, if you pay the right amount then you will always receive results quickly. Darcy hoped the man would at least be transported to Australia. Hopefully dying on his way there, Darcy thought darkly. He supposed he would find out that morning. After Darcy readied for the day and broke his fast, he took a small detour to Elizabeth's room. She was snuggly wrapped in the bed clothes, snoring softly and let out soft whimpers now and again. Darcy felt love blossom brighter inside his heart for this woman. She was the strongest person he knew. Lord, how he loved her. If only he could somehow show her how much she is loved. As Darcy stared at her angelic face, an idea began to form. He came and sat beside Elizabeth and stroked her cheek gently, so as not to wake her. He leant forward and kissed her forehead and lingered there for a while. Her smell was intoxicating. Darcy felt something stir within him. He leant back and surveyed Elizabeth's face; she was breath-taking. "Elizabeth, I know I have not been the best husband to you. But I promise, after today, I am yours. In every way a man can be a woman's. You are my world and I cannot live without you." Darcy murmured, stroking Elizabeth's hair. He reached down and placed a tender kiss on her lips. He pulled back and smiled as she let out a small groan of disapproval. Even in her sleep she was demanding, Darcy chuckled to himself. He then sobered up and continued with his promise. "He will not get away with what he did to you. I will make him pay today. One way or another. Then when I return, we will talk about everything. I promise." He kissed her again and walked out of the room, his heart growing heavier, the further he walked away. Later that Morning… The days were passing, painfully, slowly. Elizabeth felt each day pull away parts of her sanity as she sat staring at the walls of her room. The Doctor had told her to remain in bed for at least a week and Elizabeth could barely stand it. Not only was she going mad but every time she sees her husband, she is certain he is angry with her. For what, she was not sure. He spoke to her as he normally would, and he sat with her each evening; talking about his day and asking about hers. But he refrained from touching her, unless it was a brief kiss or hand hold. He also had something in his eyes, something dark and fiery which always surfaced when he looked upon her. She was confused. What had she done to anger him? He had been absent for the most of today and Elizabeth was beginning to wonder if he would ever return. Her thoughts were spiralling ever further into despair and her heart was close to breaking. Had she ruined their relationship once again? What was wrong with her. Why must she always ruin things? How she wished she could just crawl into a hole and die. Maybe everyone would be better without her. Maybe her life is destined to fall apart. Why would God torment her so? What had she done to upset him? Elizabeth flung herself into her pillows and cried her heart out. Then, for the rest of the day, she refused to eat and talk. Hoping it would bring around her end quicker. Elizabeth's maid watched in despair, as her mistress fell apart and noted that she would have to search for Mr. Darcy once he returned from the courts. She stayed by her side until she heard the clatter of hooves in the courtyard. She bounced to her feet, aware that her mistress was asleep, and rushed down the hall and then the stairs, hoping to see Mr. Darcy. Unfortunately, luck was not on her side. She waited a moment as she tried to decipher who was at the door. The two men were familiar to her, but she could not put her finger on who they were. Then it clicked, Dr. Schultz and Mr. Henry Marcus; Mr. Darcy's uncle. The butler welcomed the two men in and motioned Gina forward. She walked forward and curtseyed low. "Gina will take you to Mrs. Darcy." Gina smiled apologetically and looked to Franco with slight trepidation. She leant forward and murmured softly, "Mrs. Darcy is asleep, sir." The older man frowned and nodded. He conveyed her message to the two men who nodded. "That is quite alright. Are you the one who has been looking after Mrs. Darcy?" The doctor asked Gina. The girl nodded timidly. "Very well, may I ask you a few questions about how she has been this last week?" Gina nodded again, and the doctor smiled softly. He turned his gaze to Franco and asked the man to send up a maid to stay with Mrs. Darcy and to inform him when she awakens. The butler bowed and walked off to do his bidding. Gina led the Gentlemen into Mr. Darcy's study and inquired if they would like any refreshment and they both agreed that they would. Gina curtsied and scurried away to order some tea from one of the kitchen maids, with a promise to be back to answer any questions the doctor may have. Gina returned to the study in record time. She knocked on the door and waited for a "come in". The maid opened the door and entered the room. Both men were sitting in different areas of the room. Dr. Schultz was sat in Mr. Darcy's favourite chair and his uncle was sat in the window seat, staring out at the gardens. They both turned to look at her as she entered the room and they smiled warmly at her as she rushed into another curtsey. She reminded herself that she did not need to keep curtseying to them as she came and sat in the seat across from the doctor. "Forgive me for my forgetfulness, but your name was Gina, correct?" the doctor asked, and Gina nodded. The man smiled. "Good, well as you know I am Doctor Schultz." Gina nodded again and smiled at the man. He was quite handsome. Gina shook her head of those thoughts and focused back on the task at hand. "Can you tell me how Mrs. Darcy has been this last week?" the doctor asked. "In herself, she has been fine. Always speaking with me or Mr. Darcy in a friendly and upbeat way. However, I have noticed that she has looked at things with despair in her eyes at times. Mainly when she is sitting in silence, watching the room." Gina explained. "I think the room is making her feel closed in. Panicked almost." Dr Schultz frowned. "I see. Anything else?" Gina thought back on today and nodded with a small frown. "I have noticed that today she seems more… depressed. She is refusing to eat or talk to anyone. She has spent most of the day crying into her pillow." Gina explained. "When she was asleep she murmured things about Mr. Darcy and how she thought he hated her. I also remember her mentioning how the room was stifling her. I believe her being in her room all day is making her mind deteriorate. She is quite an active person by nature, Doctor." Gina frowned and rubbed her hands together in worry. The doctor watched her after he made notes and smiled softly at her. "You are worried for her." He said softly. Gina looked at the man as if he was daft and said, "Of course I am. She has treated me like a friend ever since I met her. I care for her. I hate that this has happened to her." Mr. Marcus scoffed from the corner, "You are not the only one, my girl." He said softly. Gina smiled, sadly at the man. "I think it is about time Elizabeth came out of that room Doctor. I will not lose my niece because you think it is better for her to stay cooped up." The man growled as he rose to his feet in frustration. Mr. Marcus looked frail causing Gina to frown with worry as she watched him. His arm was bandaged, and he seemed to have several cuts adorning his face. Gina wondered what had happened to the poor man. "Mr. Marcus, I cannot make an informed decision on your niece's health until I see her for myself. If I make a lapse in judgement, then that could mean disastrous things for Mrs. Darcy. I am not willing to hurt the woman further to satisfy anyone's displeasure. Do I make myself clear?" The doctor was stern and made Gina draw back slightly in fear. Mr. Marcus looked affronted at his tone of voice but nodded, begrudgingly, none the less. At that moment, a gentle knock sounded on the door and the maid Gina had sent for the tea came into the room followed by Franco. After the maid placed the tea down, she was sent away by Franco. Gina rose to poor the tea for the gentlemen and passed it out once it was ready. After a little while, Laura, Gina's little sister, came in the room and curtsied to the guests, announcing Mrs. Darcy was awake. Dr. Schultz rose to his feet and made his way to the door. Gina rose and followed the man, after curtseying again to Mr. Marcus, and told him to follow her. The maid made her way up the winding staircase and the endless corridors until they reached Mrs. Darcy's room. She stopped outside the door and turned to the doctor. "Mrs. Darcy does not know of the Trial. Mr. Darcy thought it would be better coming from him after it had happened." Gina informed the doctor; who smiled. "Very well," he remarked. Gina knocked on the door and waited for her mistress to bid her to enter. They entered the room and greeted the woman lying in bed. "Doctor, did my husband send for you?" Elizabeth asked, both scared and concerned. The doctor smiled at Elizabeth and came over to the bed. "No, indeed, he did not. I came as a favour to his uncle." The doctor explained as he started getting his equipment out of his bag. "Mr Marcus?" Elizabeth asked, uncertain. "Yes, madam," The doctor replied and began listening to Elizabeth's chest. "Is he here?" Elizabeth inquired. "Aye I am, my dear," A voice said from the doorway. Elizabeth turned her eyes towards her uncle by marriage and raised her brow. "Why did you call for a doctor, uncle?" Elizabeth inquired as the doctor stopped listening to her chest. Mr. Marcus frowned and looked to the floor. "I was worried about you, my dear. I heard about what had happened. I wanted the doctor to check on you because I know what I was like when I was stuck in a room for seven days. I went almost insane." Elizabeth smiled at the man. My knight in shining armour, Elizabeth thought. Well, her second knight in shining armour. Darcy would always be her first. "I must admit I am fast losing patience; being cooped up in here." Elizabeth turned to the doctor. "Am I well enough to leave doctor?" Elizabeth asked. The doctor finished up his observations and slowly began to nod his head. "Yes, I think you are okay to leave." The doctor said. Elizabeth and Mr. Marcus let out cries of happiness and Gina smiled a little; her worry warring with the happiness inside of her. "However, I must stress that you look after yourself. The first sign of tiredness or strain, you rest. Do I make myself clear?" The doctor warned. "Yes doctor. Perfectly." Elizabeth beamed at him and the doctor released a chuckle and a smile of his own. "Maybe a walk will do you good, madam. After all this time locked away." Mr. Marcus offered his arm and the small group headed out to the garden to enjoy a nice walk in the warm fresh air. With Darcy… Darcy watched the bastard board the ship for Australia. The court had heard the crimes against Mr. Wickham and after hearing Darcy's witness statement and then when they saw that there was a lack of supporting statements of how pleasant a character Mr. Wickham was; they decided to put him on the next prisoners ship bound for Australia. Which happened to be the following morning. Darcy stayed at a small inn for the night and woke up bright and early to watch the ship take off. When Wickham had looked Darcy's way, Darcy had felt a wide grin stretch across his features, so wide that it was bordering on savage. Wickham sneered at Darcy and proceeded to board the boat. With relief flushing through him, Darcy watched the boat disappear over the horizon. He began a sedate walk back to his horse that was situated outside of the courthouse. He decided that on the way home, he would stop at the dressmakers to pick up the dress he had ordered for Elizabeth, in the hopes it would cheer her up. He had received a missive just yesterday informing him that the dress was ready for collection. He just hoped that the dress fit her well. If not, he will just have to take Elizabeth there to have alterations made to the dress. Dress tied to the back of his horse, Darcy began his trip back to their home. When he arrived, Darcy was greeted by his butler that informed him that Elizabeth was in the gardens with his uncle, Dr. Schultz and Gina. Darcy thanked the man and asked him to place the dress in his chambers for his wife. Once that was settled, Darcy made his way into the garden as well. Darcy spotted the group standing by the river talking amiably. When Darcy approached, the party turned with a smile and welcomed him into the fold. "I see you are up and about, Elizabeth." Darcy said as he greeted her. Elizabeth blushed and nodded her head. She looked at her feet and this made Darcy frown. "I decided it was high time for her to be let out of her rooms. She is not a bird, you know Darcy. She needs her freedom." His uncle chided softly. "Is that why you brought along Dr. Schultz?" Darcy asked, for the first time taking in his uncle's appearance. "What on God's green earth happened to you, Uncle?" Darcy was not entirely sure he wanted to know. "I fell. Nothing to horrible. It looks worse than it is." Henry tried to convince Darcy. "Yes, if a broken arm can be deemed as such." Dr. Schultz reprimanded. Mr. Marcus waved him away. "I tend to agree with your uncle though, Mr. Darcy. If Mrs. Darcy had remained in that room for much longer then I fear she would have driven herself to distraction." Dr Schultz admitted. "I was told that she should rest. I did not want to cause her any more damage." Darcy stated, indignant. "No harm, no foul. I am fine now, Darcy. I promise you," Elizabeth stated as she came forward and placed a reassuring kiss upon his cheek. Darcy looked to her and nodded, a small smile on his lips. "I wanted to let you know, nephew," Mr. Marcus began as they started heading back to the house, Elizabeth on his arm. "That you and Elizabeth are invited to a party. It is just a small get together but I feel we all need a distraction from all that has happened." Darcy looked to Elizabeth, wanting her to be the one to answer. She smiled and graciously accepted the invite. Darcy was happy that she was willing to take this step. "Then we shall see you tonight," Mr. Marcus said and both he and Dr. Schultz bid them goodbye. Elizabeth and her maid began to head upstairs to get ready for the evening. Darcy decided he should probably do that too. Darcy called after Elizabeth and she turned to smile at him. "I have a gift waiting for you in our room. I hope you like it. If it is not the right size, then we shall take it back and get it resized." Darcy smiled at his wife. Her smile was the most radiant thing he had ever beheld. He was glad to see her steps hasten towards their room. Hopefully she would like the gift. With one last look at Elizabeth, Darcy headed to his study and then to his room to get ready for the evening. Later that evening: When Elizabeth walked down the stairs, Darcy felt his breath leave him. She was wearing a Crimson red satin gown covered in black beads. The beads made patterns across her bosom and led all the way to the ground. Darcy felt himself lick his lips. She was beautiful. Darcy could feel his blood getting hot and gradually making its way down his body to the area that wanted Elizabeth the most. Darcy cleared his throat and looked to the floor; trying to clear his mind. When he felt that his blood was not as fevered as it was, he looked back up and made his way towards a downcast Elizabeth. Darcy frowned, "What is wrong Elizabeth?" he asked softly. "Do you not like what I am wearing?" Elizabeth inquired, innocence was in every note of her voice. Oh, how was he going to keep his hands from her? Darcy cleared his throat, "I do like what you are wearing. It is beautiful. You are beautiful. I am glad you liked it." Darcy smiled at her and she smiled back. However, her smile faltered when she looked down. "I apologise for the lack of decorum I have shown as your wife. I have let you down in so many ways. I would understand if you no longer loved me or wanted me in the way you had before this incident. But I swear to you, nothing like this will happen again." Darcy watched as a lone silver tear fell from Elizabeth's eye. Darcy felt his heart constrict. She believed he did not love her any more. That certainly was not the case. He loved her more now than he ever had. "Elizabeth, you have never let me down. Not then and certainly not now. You are the only thing in my life that makes any sense. You light up my day just by being by my side." Darcy gently placed his hand on her face and brought her eyes up to look at him. "This was not your fault. I do not blame you. You certainly should not blame yourself. This was all Wickham." Darcy seethed silently, that man had a lot to answer for. "I love you Elizabeth. I think I have done since I first saw you at the assembly. It just took me a while to see it. You should never doubt your worth to me because without you I am nothing. You are my sun. My moon on a cloudy night. You are my whole world." Darcy murmured. Elizabeth had tears falling freely down her cheeks. Darcy brushed one away and lowered his head to capture her lips in a searing kiss. He pulled away and rested his head against hers. "My affections for you will never fade. I am yours till the day that I die." Darcy vowed. "And I am yours." Elizabeth vowed in return. "Does this mean I have vanquished your fears?" Darcy asked. "Yes, you have, my knight in shining armour." Elizabeth teased and placed one last kiss upon his lips. When they detached, Darcy smiled and clasped her arm around his. With one last look, Darcy and Elizabeth walked out to the carriage. He hoped this evening goes as planned. He was sure it would, but he could not shake the feeling of foreboding that was settling over his body with each passing step. Darcy's uncle met them at the door. He seemed so happy and well this evening that Darcy felt happiness flood from him. Although the man wore a splint, he disguised it well. His smile was enough to make Darcy's shoulders rise with pride. He brought Elizabeth in with a solid kiss on her cheek and brought Darcy in with a firm hand shake. Darcy had meant to thank his uncle for helping Elizabeth when Darcy had not been home. The man seemed to know exactly when someone needed help. It astounded Darcy. "I am so glad to see you both again." Juliet murmured to us as she kissed Elizabeth's cheek and then Darcy's. "It has been a while aunt," Elizabeth smiled wide at the woman. Darcy looked at the woman, still reeling from when she called him out on his behaviour but produced a smile in greeting none the less. The woman seemed to see his discomfort and her smile dampened slightly. "May we speak at some point, Mr. Darcy? I feel I owe you an apology." The woman said with shame colouring her words. "Of course, Aunt," Darcy smiled at the woman and watched as she dragged Elizabeth away whilst speaking of some gossip she heard. Darcy sighed, knowing that was probably going to be the last time he saw Elizabeth until the meal. Darcy's uncle was busy talking with guests and Darcy could not bring himself to listen. His mind was still reeling from the last couple of days. So many things had happened, and Darcy could not keep up with it all. This was the first time he was able to take note of what had transpired. Wickham attacked his wife. Wickham is now bound for Australia and will be incarcerated there until he (hopefully) dies. Darcy knew that those kinds of thoughts paved the way to hell, but he could not help it. He wanted the bastard dead and buried where he would not be able to hurt anyone else. Darcy shifted his gaze around the room, looking for anything interesting. His gaze landed on his wife. She was in the middle of a heated discussion with a woman who Darcy could not properly see. Her back was to him, but he swore he recognised her. When she turned, he knew why. It was Agatha. Whatever Agatha was saying to Elizabeth, caused his wife to storm out. Darcy quickly takes up after her only to be stopped by none other than Agatha herself. "What did you say to my wife?" Darcy growled in anger. "The truth." Agatha admitted with a smile. Darcy felt his glare harden. "The truth about what?" He spat, his words dripping with venom. "The truth about you. How she will never be what you want. She will never be able to give you the pleasure that I can." The woman gloated as she pressed against him. Darcy pulled her into a quiet room and said, "Elizabeth is more desirable to me than you will ever be. I love my wife. You, I merely slept with during my crazed teenage years. What I felt for you was nothing but hormonal need. Nothing else." Darcy saw her eyes hardened and uttered the last statement with relish. Nobody hurts his wife. "You will never be Elizabeth. Not in my eyes." Just as he was about to leave the room, Agatha stopped him again. "He was working with Heralds and your Aunt." Agatha murmured. Darcy turned toward Agatha and saw her eyes burning with fury and vengeance. "Lady Catherine de Bourgh was the one to hire them both. He is coming for her Darcy and he may not be so sparing this time around." Agatha smirked and then sashayed away. Darcy felt his heart stutter in his chest and almost did not see Juliet step forward from where she was talking with some ladies. She came towards him, "I shall see her gone, nephew. I promise she will not do any more harm." Juliet promised. "Thank you, Aunt." Darcy began to walk away when he stopped and turned back. "I am terribly sorry for the way I have acted. I realise you were only trying to point me in the right direction." Darcy said. "There is nothing for you to apologise for, my dear. It was I who was in the wrong and I apologise for that." Juliet murmured. "All is forgiven. I am glad my uncle has you." Darcy murmured, his words heartfelt. His aunt smiled and shooed him away. "I think it may be time for us to leave. Would you apologise to my uncle for us and I promise to stop by with Elizabeth after we get things sorted." Juliet nodded and bid him farewell. Darcy raced to the gardens and saw Elizabeth looking into the water of a small river. "Elizabeth?" Darcy called. Elizabeth turned to him with such anguish in her eyes. Darcy felt his heart break. "I think it is time we go home. Yes?" Elizabeth nodded and followed him to the carriage that had been brought to the front of the house. Courtesy of his aunt and uncle no doubt. Darcy opened the door and held out his hand for Elizabeth. Just as she was about to step in, Darcy pulled her close and murmured in her ear. "She is wrong. You will always be what I desire. Not her." With this Elizabeth brightened and stepped into the carriage without another word. Darcy had known they shouldn't have come tonight. If only he could turn back time. If only he could get his eager hands on Heralds.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: If only he could get his eager hands on Heralds. Chapter 27 Darcy and Elizabeth were heading into the fourth week of their honeymoon. Since the night of the party, nothing drastic has happened. Darcy sends men out every night to scout the lands in case Heralds tries to get near Elizabeth. Each night they say they think they see something but then it just turns out to be a bush or an animal. Elizabeth watches as each night the disparaging news comes and puts Darcy in a foul mood. One of those moods that Elizabeth makes sure is not directed at her. Elizabeth sat in the morning room reading a book in the window. She had been hiding there since this morning when a missive came for Darcy and he went into one of his rages. She knows he would never raise a hand to her, but she cannot help but be afraid. The loudness of his voice reminded her of Mr. Heralds and now Mr Wickham. There was something in shouting that caused her hackles to rise. This was why she felt she was safer in the morning room. Elizabeth was getting to an interesting part of her book, a book named Evelina which was published in 1778, when she caught a movement in the gardens. She was expecting to see a small bird flying about outside, so when she looked up she was more than surprised to see a man leering at her behind a bush. It was not just any man, it was Mr. Heralds himself. He was dressed in a gentleman's livery. Elizabeth could not think how he came to own such things. She also could not think at all because she was frozen in terror. Elizabeth felt cold all over. Her stomach clenched and a cold sheen of sweat broke out over her skin. She could feel her hands begin to tremble and she had to close her eyes for a moment to regulate her breathing. What she was not expecting, however, was for Mr. Heralds to have disappeared by the time she opened her eyes again. Maybe it was her imagination? Elizabeth took several deeper breaths and decided that, that must be it. Her tired brain was imagining things that were not there. She decided it may be better for her to go back to her room and rest for a while, hopefully it would clear her mind. Thus, making her decision, Elizabeth headed to Darcy's study to inform him that, that was where he would find her if he had need of her. She knocked on the door and waited for him to shout "enter". He was obviously still upset, Elizabeth noted and entered the room quickly. Darcy was hunched over his desk, writing what appeared to be a letter. To whom, Elizabeth was not sure. Darcy stopped what he was doing for a moment, to see who his visitor was. He immediately placed his quill back in his ink and stood up. He came over to her and cupped her face in his hands. "What is wrong, my love? You look like you have just seen a ghost." Darcy uttered, concern dripping from every note of his voice. Elizabeth was not entirely sure she had not seen a ghost. But she was not about to reveal that to Darcy. "I am well, just a bit tired. I wanted to let you know that I am retiring for a little while." Elizabeth said. Her thoughts were warring with each other. She wanted so desperately to tell him about what she had seen but she could not shake the feeling that it was just in her head. Surely, if that is the case then she should not worry her husband? Decisions, decisions. Darcy frowned and watched her face for a while. After a moment he nodded and placed a kiss on her lips. He let go of her face and went back to his desk. "Very well. If you need anything, do not hesitate to send Gina to me. I will fetch whatever you need instantly." Darcy turned back to his wife with a small smile on his lips. "Oh, I should also inform you that I have been invited to a soiree tonight with my uncle. Would you be alright if I left for a little while? I would not be out too long. Merely to pop my head in and say hello." Darcy asked. Elizabeth felt her heart lurch slightly, but she could not let him see her fear. It was not fair to keep him locked up. "That is fine, my darling. I will be alright. I have Gina and the other servants to keep me company." Darcy nodded and turned back to his work. Elizabeth silently excused herself and went to her room for a couple of hours sleep. With Darcy Darcy was worried about Elizabeth. Since the night of the party she seemed to be distant. It is almost as if she is preparing for inevitable heartbreak. Darcy was not sure how to make her feel reassured. He was certain he had reassured her at the party because she seemed to be happy to find that Agatha had been lying. However, it seemed not to be the case. He knew he spent a lot of time looking for Heralds but that did not mean he was any less interested in spending time with his wife. He loved her and all he wanted was for her to be happy. With him. As Darcy got ready for his soiree with his uncle and his friends, he decided that he would devote more of his time making Elizabeth feel wanted. Whatever means necessary. Bearing this in mind, Darcy walked to their room to see if she was awake. It had been three hours since she retired, and he wanted to make sure she was alright before he left for the party. He knocked on the door softly and opened the door. She was laying on the bed staring at the wall. Darcy entered the room and came to sit beside her on the bed. He stroked her curls gently and she looked at him and smiled. Her eyes looked tired and her mind appeared to be thinking about something important. Darcy smiled at her and reached over to kiss her head. "Are you alright now, Elizabeth?" He asked softly. She nodded and leant into his caress. "I am afraid I have to leave now for a little while. Will you be alright?" He really did not want to leave her. "I am fine, Darcy. I promise I will be alright." Elizabeth murmured. Darcy nodded and kissed her lips soundly. Elizabeth leant into the kiss and she licked his lower lip, asking for entrance to his mouth. Darcy's tongue battled with hers for a while and he felt arousal spread through him. Darcy pulled away and rested his head on hers. "If only I could stay and be with you. I feel like we have not seen much of each other this last week." He murmured. "It has been a while," Elizabeth agreed. "But you have to go. You promised your uncle." Elizabeth seemed sad about that and he could not help but feel the same. "I promise to make it up to you. After tonight I am all yours. We will do whatever you wish to do." Darcy promised. Elizabeth brightened and agreed with the plan. "Alright, that is settled then. Now try and get some rest and if you need anything-" Darcy began but was cut off by Elizabeth. "Fetch Gina, I know," Elizabeth giggled. Darcy chuckled and kissed her one last time. "Have fun." "I will certainly try," Darcy promised and with that he got up and left the room. Stopping by the stable on the way out, Darcy had his horse readied for departure. He made sure to leave instructions for his men to look out for Heralds and with one last look, Darcy rode off to meet his uncle. With Elizabeth Elizabeth could not shake the feeling that someone was watching her. She knew that was mad because she was on one of the highest floors, so the only way to see in was if you climbed a tree. There were no trees outside of her room, so that could not be the case. She had been laying on her side for the last hour trying to decide if she was safe enough to leave her bed. She was hungry, and her stomach was beginning to protest. She had not been hungry before, her fright from this afternoon filling her stomach with butterflies. But now it was getting to the point that she could not focus on anything else. Finally deciding, Elizabeth got out of her bed. She wrapped her shawl around her shoulders and left her room. The hall was cold and dark, the atmosphere was enough to frighten Elizabeth. She was considering going back into her room when a noise caught her notice. It came from Darcy's study. Elizabeth knew that the maids were not allowed in there without Mr. Darcy knowing so Elizabeth found it rather odd that they would be in there. Especially considering what time it was. Elizabeth walked down the stairs quietly, hoping against hope that it was only Darcy in there. Hoping he had come home earlier than expected. But she knew deep down that he would not have left this early without a genuine reason. Elizabeth approached the door and gently pushed it open. The sight inside made her pause in fear.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: The sight inside made her pause in fear. Chapter 28 With Darcy Darcy sat with his uncle around a table playing cards with six other men. Amongst the party were: Lord John Grey, his son Jeremy Grey, Sir Matthew Taylor, Mr. Jacob Baster, Mr. Nathan Thomas and Mr. Daniel Smith. They were all in the mid thirties to early fifties minus Darcy and Jeremy. Jeremy was of a similar age to Darcy and was just newly married. His wife was at home expecting their first child and anyone could tell how awfully proud he was of his life. His father was much the same. They were all fine company to keep and Darcy found himself enjoying himself for the first time. He normally detested these sorts of gatherings but with the present company, he felt he could fully enjoy himself. They were drinking a fine port and the air was filled with laughter and boisterous conversation. Mr. Baster was filling their time with lewd stories about his time in the west indies and about his sampling of the tropical treats there at his disposal. Darcy was not sure he had ever been so enthralled. Even though the man was very coarse, Darcy could not say that he minded. It was refreshing to be faced with a man with wit as well as a brain. He reminded Darcy a lot of Mr. Bennet. They were of a similar age and stature and his humour was very much like Mr. Bennet's seemed to be. "What do you think, Mr. Darcy?" Mr. Baster called. Darcy, stoic faced as usual, looked at the man in question. "Have you ever heard of anything as beautiful as I have just described? Surely a man of your wealth has come across many beauties in his lifetime." The man goaded. Darcy raised an eyebrow but found the question quite amusing. "I have indeed, sir. Maybe something even more beautiful than the exotic women you boast about." Darcy admitted, thinking about Elizabeth and how she never ceased to make his heart pound. "I have to agree with my nephew there, Mr. Baster. His wife is very beautiful indeed." Henry admitted and when Darcy looked at him with a raised eyebrow. His uncle merely tipped his class and murmured, "Just an observation." Darcy laughed at his uncles pacifying gesture. "My uncle speaks the truth. My wife is a rare English beauty. In fact, she comes from a family of beautiful women." Darcy admitted. "I would like to meet these rare English beauties one day." Mr. Baster smiled at Darcy and Darcy merely bowed his head in response. The conversation quickly changed to the war and who they think were likely to win. Darcy tuned out of this conversation because he held no interest in war or politics. He was quite happy to just sit in his chair and listen the outrageous claims made by nearly all the men in their party. Darcy's thoughts kept running back to Elizabeth. How he wished he was at home with her right now. Warm in their bed, holding her about the waist and stealing as many kisses as he could. Darcy could not help but smile at the images that were conjured up in his mind's eye. They were just dealing the next round of cards when one of Darcy's men crashed into the room with the butler right on his heel. "I am sorry, sir, but this man said it was urgent. I did try to stop him." The butler announced to Lord John Grey. Darcy rose from his seat and announced that he was Darcy's man. Lord Grey merely nodded his head and the conversation continued. Darcy pulled his man to the corner of the room and instructed him to say what he came to say. His uncle came and stood beside him. "I am sorry, Mr. Darcy. But you told us to warn you if any visitors came for Mrs. Darcy." The man said. "A man came to the house earlier on in the evening and asked to see Mrs. Darcy. We turned him away, but he kept coming back. We believe he is still stalking the woods outside of the house, sir. We sent men after him, but he keeps slipping by us." The man's voice was urgent, and Darcy felt his blood run cold. "Is it Mr. Heralds?" Darcy's uncle asked in fear. "We believe so, sir. I thought it prudent to inform you, Mr. Darcy. The men are certain that he is carrying a weapon." The man informed them. Darcy turned to the men sat around the table and excused himself. "Forgive me, Gentlemen, I am afraid my wife has taken ill and needs me at once. I hope you can forgive me." Darcy said. "Of course, Mr. Darcy. We hope your wife gets better soon." Mr. Jeremy Grey states and the men all nod their heads in agreement. Darcy bowed and quickly left the room. His uncle excused himself as well and was hot on his heels. "I shall go and fetch the law enforcement and the doctor. I hope you get there in time, Darcy." His uncle frets. "You and me both, Uncle. I shall see you soon." Darcy climbs upon his mount and sets off for home, his man by his side, riding as fast as his horse could carry him. With Elizabeth Heralds stood by the door and quickly grabbed Elizabeth as soon as she stepped in. He held a gun to her back and had a hand wrapped around her mouth. Elizabeth could barely move. There he was. The figment of her nightmares, flesh and blood. This was not her imagination. Of that she was sure. "So glad you could finally join me, Elizabeth. I have missed you." He stated as he leant over and smelt her hair. Elizabeth flinched. "I cannot tell you how great it is to hold you in my arms again." He murmured as he brought his lips to her throat. A shiver runs down Elizabeth's spine. "Now, I am going to let you go and you are going to be a good girl and keep quiet. I will shoot you if you scream." He warned. He let her go after she nodded, and she pulled away from him as quick as she could. She moved towards the fire. The furthest point away from him. "What do you want?" Elizabeth spat. "Now," he goaded. "Is that any way to greet a guest, Lizzie?" His voice sent horrible spasms down her back. That was her family's nickname for her. How dare he use it. "I came to see you. I heard what happened with Wickham. I am sorry for that." He said. "How did you know?" She asked, apprehensive. "I was the one who hired him." He admitted with a smile. "Well, I say me, it was actually Lady Catherine de Bourgh who hired both of us. She heard of our little… escapade together and she felt I was the best person to get the job done." He was gleeful. Elizabeth could see it in his eyes. Elizabeth felt her heart crash into her stomach. Lady Catherine hated her that much? What had she done to the woman to deserve this? Her thoughts must have played out on her face, for Heralds smiled and began to approach her. "You stole her nephew from her. He was engaged you know?" He chided. "He was engaged to her daughter and you stole him away. Naughty girl." He laughed. Elizabeth glared at the man and spat at him. He merely stepped forward with a smile, like a cat that had got the cream. "That isn't very nice, Elizabeth. After I came all this way to see you." He said and suddenly rushed forward. He grabbed onto her and flung her to the floor. He climbed upon her shocked body and began to rip at her clothes. Elizabeth began to struggle against him, as hard as she could. He was too strong and managed to get her skirt over her hips and her pantaloons around her ankles. He had full access to her centre and she felt her heart almost give out in fright. Not again. She could not allow it. She fought him and managed to wriggle a little way away to Darcy's favourite chair. She saw the glint of metal tucked under the seat of the chair. Just as he was about to enter her, she got the knife and stabbed him in the neck. He flailed on top of her as his blood sprayed from the wound onto her face. She sobbed and sobbed as the man gave his final breath. She watched the life go out of his eyes and felt him become limp. She closed her eyes and cried. She had killed a man. An awful man but still a man. She was not sure she could live with that. She was too scared to move. Just as she began to panic, Heralds was ripped from her. Darcy stood over her and saw the mess she was in. He took note of her ripped dress and her pantaloons at her ankles and took her into his arms. She cried into his shirt and clung to him like her life depended on it and right now, it did. "I killed him. I killed a man." Elizabeth kept saying repeatedly. Darcy clutched onto her and murmured comforting words to her. He rocked her gently, trying to stop her crying. Soon she stopped and seemed to fall asleep in his arms. It was a while before the law enforcement arrived. They took one look at the lifeless body whose breeches were wide open to reveal his manhood and the unconscious woman who had her pantaloons around her ankles and took the body away. Darcy's uncle approached with the Doctor and Darcy allowed the doctor to check her over. "She was not penetrated. Which is good. She was lucky this time." The doctor murmured to Darcy. "Lucky? You call this situation, lucky? The poor girl never deserved this." Henry spat out and paced the floor. "Now she also has his blood on her conscience as well." He growled in anger. "I merely meant that this situation could have ended worse for her than it has." The doctor placated. Darcy's uncle stopped pacing and acknowledged the doctor's words. It could have been worse. She could have been killed or raped again which he was sure would have happened if Elizabeth had not found the knife. His innocent wife. She had, had to kill the bastard to stop him from raping her. He wished the bastard was still alive, so he could rip his body limb from limb. She should not have been the one to do it. It should have been him. It should have been him. Darcy looked at Elizabeth's sleeping face and kissed her head. He felt drained and heartbroken. His poor, sweet, wife. He clutched her body to him tighter. A few moments passed in relative silence. It was not until the law enforcement came back in, that Darcy begun to move. They wanted a statement from him and he knew he needed to give it. He surrendered Elizabeth's sleeping form to the doctor, who rose and took her to their room. His uncle stayed by his side as moral support. "A man died here tonight. I want to know how it happened and why it happened. I want to know who the man is and who he is to your wife. Can you answer those questions for me?" The man asked, his voice dripping with authority. "The man used to be a friend of mine who had an unhealthy attachment to my wife. It started before we were married. He raped my wife nearing a year ago now. She has been paying the price ever since. I stabbed him in the neck to make him let go of my wife. He was about to rape her again and it was the only thing I could think of. As soon as I could, I ripped his corpse off my wife and hugged her. That is how you found us and that is why it happened." Darcy lied. He knew he could get into trouble if it came out that he had lied but he really did not care. He would protect his wife in anyway he could. "I concur with his statement, sir. I am his uncle and have been appraised of all that has happened." Henry admitted, and Darcy had never been more grateful for his uncle than he was in that moment. "You do, of course, realise that this will have to go to court. Do you not? You will have to stand in front of a court and swear your story is true." The officer said. Darcy was in the middle of nodding when a man stepped through the door. "That will not be necessary, officer." The mysterious man said. "You can go now." The officer took one last look at Darcy, nodded, and then left the room. Darcy frowned at the new visitor. "My name is Patrick Brown. I am the magistrate for this district. I have heard many things about you, Mr. Darcy. Your uncle is a good friend of mine." The man smiled at Darcy's uncle and stretched out his hand to shake Darcy's. "Thank you for you help, Patrick." Henry uttered and smiled brightly at the man. "You did the same when my son was in trouble. I owed you and I felt this was the perfect way to repay my debt. Now we are even." Mr. Brown said as he clapped Darcy's uncle on the back. They went to discussing how their lives have been since they last saw each other, and Darcy excused himself, so he could see to Elizabeth. Darcy felt awful. It should not have been that easy. He could not help but think of the people who have been in his position and not had a voice to stick up for them. He felt it was all rather unfair. But, in all honesty, he was beyond relieved. At least the bastard was gone, and Darcy and Elizabeth can begin to heal properly now.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: At least the bastard was gone, and Darcy and Elizabeth can begin to heal properly now. Warning: There is a sex scene at the end. It has details that may not be suitable or unwelcome to some. Therefore, I place this warning in the beginning so that you know what is ahead. Enjoy! Chapter 29 Elizabeth had been asleep when Darcy had reached their room. Darcy spoke with the doctor who sat vigil by the side of their bed. Gina stood in the corner, devastated look in her eyes, as she watched her mistress sleep. The doctor assured both of them that Elizabeth was fine, body wise, but he was unsure how this has affected her mentally. Darcy was not sure he wanted to know what she was thinking. He felt as though he had abandoned her to be hunted by that monster and he feared that she would blame him for what happened. He knew somewhere deep down that, that would not be the case, but he just could not avoid the apprehension. The doctor excused himself and Gina followed, only after receiving a nod from Darcy. Darcy sat on the opposite side of the bed to Elizabeth and curled up on his side, watching her. He reached out and placed a hand on her back and breathed deep. When Elizabeth started to fuss, a nightmare most probably, Darcy curled his body around hers from behind. She calmed immediately and went on sleeping soundly. Darcy clutched her to him; never wanting to let go. He felt his body begin to shake and he felt a foreign wetness upon his cheek. He had never felt so disconsolate. He could not shake the anger or the feeling that he wished it was him in her position. He wished this had all happened to him so that he would never have to see the fear and melancholy in Elizabeth's eyes again. She had been so scared. She did not deserve this; if anyone deserved it, it was Darcy. He was the reason this all happened in the first place. Heralds had been trying to attack him by way of hurting Elizabeth. He knew the man did this out of jealousy. It hurt even more for Darcy because his aunt felt this was the best way to get rid of Elizabeth. Allow her rapist to hurt her again so that Darcy would not want to touch Elizabeth again. He was sure, what his aunt had not counted on was the strength of Darcy's feelings for Elizabeth. Nothing that had happened to Elizabeth had put him off her. It had only strengthened his resolve to become a better husband to Elizabeth. Darcy reached and placed a kiss on the back of Elizabeth's head. Her curls hung past her shoulders and rested on the mattress and pillow under her. Darcy stroked her hair, allowing his hand to venture down her arm to her waist, which was now dressed in her night gown. She was beautiful. Elizabeth never ceased to take Darcy's breath away. Darcy buried his face in her hair, inhaled deeply and let his eyes close. He soon found slumber. Elizabeth woke with a start. The room was dark, and the fire was low in the fireplace. Elizabeth tried to regulate her breathing. She had been dreaming quite pleasant dreams for the first time in ages. She was dreaming of her and Darcy finally being together in the way they wanted, when something changed in the dream. Elizabeth had been aroused beyond belief, but it changed to fear when she looked at Darcy and saw lifeless eyes. He was stiff above her and he had a knife protruding out of his neck. Elizabeth noticed her hand wrapped around the hilt of the dagger and screamed. That was when she woke up. Elizabeth was certain the dream was her mind trying to process what had happened, but all the same, Elizabeth reached out to find Darcy. She found him pressed up against her back, sound asleep. She let out a huge gust of breath and pressed back into him. She felt her stomach flutter and her brain thought back to her dream. It had been so perfect before it had changed so drastically. However, the fear that was always with her, she noticed, was no longer there. Heralds was dead, and she never had to be afraid again. Relief filled her almost completely. Her sadness was gone, and she finally felt peaceful. She knew the fact that she killed him would haunt her for a while, but she found that she did not care. She was free. Finally. Elizabeth felt Darcy stir behind her. He took a deep breath and moved his arm from her waist to rub at his face. She took the pause as a chance to turn and face him. Darcy removed his hand quickly and looked at her. His face lit in a smile, but Elizabeth could see that there was an underlying sadness in his eyes. His eyes were slightly red, and she was unsure whether it was from tiredness or from crying. Elizabeth reached forward and placed her hand on his cheek. Darcy leant into her touch and placed a kiss to her wrist. Elizabeth felt butterflies flutter in her stomach at the action and she surged forward to place a kiss on his lips. Darcy kissed her back for a while, but she could feel his reluctance. Darcy broke away. "Lizzie, stop." He said, his voice lowered in apprehension. "Is it not a bit soon?" He asked. The words: after your attack, remained unsaid. Elizabeth frowned and pulled away slightly. Disappointment filtered across her face and Darcy felt his gut clench. "I just feel that we need to talk first." He reassured her. "Alright, you begin," She murmured, looking up at him from under her dark lashes. "I want to apologise. I should have been here," He said, regret colouring his words. "I should not have left you alone in the house when I knew that Heralds was coming. I am sorry it was my aunt who arranged for Wickham and Heralds to come and attack you. I promise her deeds will not go by unnoticed." He promised. "I do not understand why she did it, but I know she has been hurt just as much as me. In a different way, of course." Elizabeth explained. Darcy frowned and Elizabeth sighed. "She had been adamant to have you as her son in law. I come along and suddenly her world is tipped upside down. She was hurt that you chose me over her daughter. Over her. I can imagine how painful that is." Elizabeth admitted. Her voice was low and she was wringing her hands. "That does not excuse her behaviour, Elizabeth," Darcy protested, sitting up and leaving the bed. He started pacing. "I should kill her for what she has done to you." Darcy growled. "That would just make you as bad as her. Darcy, leave her be. She is an old woman and her days are full of unhappiness. That should be her punishment." Elizabeth rose from the bed and reached across to touch his back. He stopped walking and turned to her, arguments dying in his throat. "It is all my fault." Darcy looked to the floor, shame and despair rolling off him in sheets. Elizabeth frowned and threw her arms around his waist. "You did nothing wrong. All you have done is care for me when I needed you. You have stood by me no matter what and have never made me feel alone like most of the other people in my life. I do not blame you and I never will. You are the only good thing in my life." She cried. Darcy squeezed her around her waist with his arms. He placed a kiss on her head. "Of course, I would take care of you. You are my life. Without you, I am nothing." Darcy was sad that she had not realised this yet. "I know, Darcy, and you are mine." She promised. After a short pause, Elizabeth pulled back and looked at him in fear. "What about Wickham?" She asked. "He will never trouble you again either." Darcy admitted. When Elizabeth frowned, Darcy elaborated. "He was put on a prisoners ship set for Australia. He will not be coming back." He vowed. Elizabeth sunk against him in relief. "Thank the lord." She laughed with relief. Darcy smiled and kissed her soundly on the mouth. The kiss grew heated and Elizabeth found herself leaning into Darcy's body. She broke away and murmured, "I want you Darcy." Darcy's eyes flared with desire and he lifted her into his arms, kissing her giggles away. He lay her on the bed, making sure to keep his lips pressed to hers. He pulled away, "Are you sure, Lizzie? I need to make sure this is what you want. Because I am afraid I want you so much that I am not sure I will be able to stop." He admitted with a soft chuckle. He rubbed his nose against hers and proceeded to place kisses along her neck and chin. "I have never been surer of anything in my life, Darcy." She promised and felt elated when Darcy broke into a smile that lit up his whole face. He looked so much younger and carefree in that moment. She realised with a gasp that he has needed her as much as she has needed him. It made her smile as bright as the sun. She felt Darcy's breath catch and she surged forward to capture his mouth in a searing kiss. The kiss was heated, and Elizabeth felt her hips rise to meet Darcy's. The friction caused sparks to fly to Elizabeth's centre and she knew Darcy felt it too for he groaned in pleasure. She could feel a familiar hardness pressing into her centre and she wanted to scream in frustration. There were too many items of clothing between them and it was driving her mad. She reached up and started helping Darcy out of his clothes. Once he was bare to the night, he reached forward and helped Elizabeth divest herself of her night gown. He looked at her longingly, much like he had that first time, and Elizabeth felt her face heat. He leant forward and started kissing her neck and making a trail to her breasts. Elizabeth felt like she was in heaven. Darcy's kisses on her breasts were causing sparks to fly to her centre. His tongue pressed hot to one of her nipples and she felt her mind go blank for a moment. He switched attention between the two, changing between nipping, licking and sucking. Elizabeth was rocking in to him trying to alleviate some of the building pressure inside her but found it was not working. She was growing frustrated when Darcy let go of her nipples and started a path down her stomach to her core. Elizabeth's mind went well and truly blank. She felt like she might explode from the pleasure. Elizabeth had never known such things were done, however, now that she did, she hoped that they would carry on. The process released some of the tension that had been building at the apex of Elizabeth's thighs. It was a welcome sensation. Elizabeth's hips rose trying to match the speed of Darcy's tongue as it danced across her bundle of nerves. Elizabeth felt like crying. The pleasure was so intense that she was not sure she would be able to move later. Darcy rose from his place between her thighs and moved back up her body to place a kiss upon her waiting lips. Elizabeth pressed into his kiss eagerly and Darcy felt himself chuckle. He was glad to see she was enjoying their activities thus far, but he wanted to make sure it was what she wanted. He was not sure he could handle the rejection again. Darcy pulled away and asked, "Are you definit-" his words were cut off by Elizabeth's mouth on his. She pulled away and glared at him. He flushed. "If you dare to ask me again if this is what I want then I swear I will leave this bed and head home." She threatened, her words holding no weight. Darcy chuckled and pressed his lips back to hers. It was now or never. Elizabeth groaned as he entered her. It was uncomfortable to begin with but soon she felt pleasure rush through her. She knew Darcy was waiting for her to grow accustomed to him, for he was larger than Heralds, so she held still. She started to get impatient after a moment or two and started pressing her hips into his. Darcy's own hips began moving into her and Elizabeth gasped. Having him inside her was wonderful. Nothing like Heralds; where Heralds had been painful and hard, Darcy was soft and pleasurable. It was like they were made for each other. They were both groaning in pleasure, rocking into each other, and pressing kisses onto any piece of skin they could reach. Elizabeth felt Darcy move his hand to between her thighs and touch the bundle of nerves there again and Elizabeth felt her world break into a million tiny stars as she came undone. Darcy followed soon after.
Mr Darcy My Saviour Last time: Darcy followed soon after. Chapter 30 The days following Heralds' demise, Elizabeth and Darcy went through a journey of discovery. Discovering every inch of their partners body and how well they moved together. How their bodies responded to each other. Elizabeth was not sure she had ever been so happy. She finally felt close to Darcy in a way she never had before. Elizabeth was loath to leave the following morning. Even with the ups and downs, this had been the most exciting experience of her life. For the last week, Darcy had spent most evenings off gallivanting to heaven knows where. Elizabeth had spent that time reading or traversing the garden. Though the days passed with her alone most often than not, Elizabeth never felt loneliness seep in. She was finally at peace with herself and she had Darcy to thank for that. Of course, Elizabeth still felt fear every now and then when she heard a strange noise or footsteps in the hall outside of her room, but she was becoming better at handling those moments. It proved to Elizabeth that she was strong enough to face anything. If she believed in herself. She was sitting by the river just as the sun was beginning to set. She had decided to read by the river for a while before dinner and she was now strewn across the bench admiring the beauty of her surroundings. She was so invested in watching some small ducklings on the water, that she never noticed the person sneaking up behind her until she was wrapped in their arms. Elizabeth struggled for a second but soon realised it was her husband who had his arms wrapped securely around her middle and not some random man. Elizabeth relaxed in Darcy's arms and smacked his arm lightly. Darcy chuckled and placed a kiss on her head. Elizabeth sighed in contentment. Darcy kept his arms wrapped around her as they watched the small ducklings swim after their mother. It was peaceful. Everything was finally right with the world and neither of them could be happier. "I will miss this city when we leave. I have grown quite attached, despite everything that has happened." Elizabeth admitted. Darcy hummed in agreement and started kissing his way down Elizabeth's neck. The shudder that went through Elizabeth, shook her to the core. Her senses were tingling as Darcy left a trail of fire across her skin. How she loved this man. How she desired him. How had she ever gotten so lucky? She was not at all sure, but she was grateful. "Come with me," Darcy whispered in Elizabeth's ear, sending shivers down her spine once again. Elizabeth frowned in confusion but took hold of Darcy's hand anyway. Darcy took her inside and told her to change into her riding habit. When Elizabeth revealed she did not have one, Darcy just smiled and said, "You have ten minutes, my love." Elizabeth ran up the stairs and into her room where her maid was waiting with a dark blue riding habit. Elizabeth gasped, it was beautiful. When she had it on, she realised it fit her like a glove. She smiled in pure delight and ran down the stairs to find her husband waiting at the bottom. She jumped in his arms and kissed him in thanks. He laughed and pulled her out of the house by her hand. She followed him to the stables where two horses were standing, saddled and ready to go. "Do you know how to ride, my love?" Darcy teased, and Elizabeth narrowed her eyes. She put her foot in the stirrup and was up on the horses back before Darcy could even blink. Darcy had a look of surprise on his face and she could not help but smile with smug glee. "That will teach you, sir. Never underestimate a lady." Elizabeth reprimanded, her tone teasing. Darcy let out a loud guffaw and climbed upon his own horse. Elizabeth followed Darcy out of the gate and watched as the scenery soon changed to rolling fields. They were riding for around twenty minutes, when they came across a large house surrounded in trees. The house was secluded and had a small river out the front. It was absolutely astounding. The house was brown brick and had a large doorway that led to the inside of the house. Above the door was a stone sign that read 1800. The house was newly built. It had a large garden and a paddock for horses and the carriage. It was surrounded by colourful flowers and trees. Elizabeth could not contain the smile that spread across her features. I wonder who lives here? Elizabeth wondered. "Whose house is this Darcy?" Elizabeth asked, the curiosity beginning to be too much. "Ours," Darcy stated. Elizabeth looked at her husband in shock. "What do you mean, ours?" Elizabeth asked. "I thought we already had a house here." "The house we are staying in now is my family's. Although I run the house and we can use it any time we liked, I thought you might like a house of your own here." Darcy explained as he started to make his way inside. Elizabeth watched after him for a moment then quickly followed. He had bought a home just for her. How did she ever come to deserve this? Darcy led her into a small parlour which was filled with small trunks. He walked over to one and opened it. Elizabeth followed and peered over his shoulder. It was full of dresses and a box. Darcy brought out the box and stepped back to face her. He held it towards her and opened it. Inside was a beautiful necklace and earrings. Elizabeth gasped. "Darcy, what-?" Elizabeth begun to ask but the words died in her throat. She was in shock. She could feel her hands beginning to shake. Tears were also forming in her eyes. "I have been neglecting you of late and for that I apologise. I got you these gifts to celebrate our marriage and our union as one." Darcy admitted. "They are beautiful. But you really did not have to." Elizabeth said as she moved towards her husband. "You have not been neglecting me. For the last few days I have felt like I was floating. I am happy for the first time in a long while. You have given me everything I could have dreamed of." Elizabeth announced. "Love. A home. A future. A new family. You have given me everything. You have helped me find my self-worth again and for that I will be forever grateful." "You have no idea how happy that makes me to hear you say that. You are my world; Lizzie and I plan to give you everything you could ever wish for." Darcy said. "Starting with these gifts." Darcy smiled and placed the box on the table. He gathered Elizabeth into his arms and kissed her soundly. "I like it when you call me Lizzie," Elizabeth stated with a smile. "Then I shall endeavour to call you Lizzie more often," Darcy promised with a smile on his face. Elizabeth grinned and pecked his lips. "I have ordered a bath for you to be prepared in your antechamber. Why don't you go upstairs and relax from our travels and meet me down here at eight o'clock?" Darcy said after they pulled away. "Alright. What shall you be doing while I am upstairs relaxing?" Elizabeth asked with a teasing glint in her eyes. "I shall be down here reading a book and then I shall come upstairs and get ready for dinner myself." Darcy smiled at her and kissed her lips once more. "Now off with you Mrs. Darcy, before I throw you over my shoulder and manhandle you upstairs." Darcy teased. "I would like to see that, Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth joked. "I bet you would, you saucy minx." Darcy winked at Elizabeth and watched her leave with a satisfied smile. How he loved his wife. Darcy then proceeded to prepare everything for dinner. He sent a maid to bring him some roses from the garden and gave the cook a set menu which was comprised of Elizabeth's favourite foods. He proceeded to order candles to be lit when it was time for dinner and for the roses to be placed in front of Elizabeth's place at the table. He gathered his servants and asked if any of them, perchance, happened to know how to play the piano. He was not sure any of them would know but as luck would have it, a young serving girl was apt at playing the piano thanks to her grandfather and promised to play him some romantic music while Elizabeth and he dined. He promised to pay her a commission for helping him and she curtsied to him and thanked him profusely. He let the servants know that he would be giving them some extra payment for helping him on such short notice and they all thanked him. Darcy retired for a short while to read and when it approached half past seven, Darcy retired to his room to ready himself for dinner. As he exited his antechamber, Elizabeth exited hers. He smiled at his wife, but the sight soon stole his breath. She looked incredible. How had he managed to win such a beautiful rose? Her gown was made of dusk pink silk and lace. It complemented her greatly and he felt heat stir in his body. Elizabeth smiled at her husband and felt herself growing hot as she took in his appearance. He was magnificent. His strong legs were clad in tight fitting black pants that clung to his muscular thighs. His lower leg was hidden inside of black riding boots and he was wearing a red waistcoat with a cravat and a black coat. The red complimented his dark eyes which were currently aflame with something close to hunger. Her knees turned weak and she almost sunk to the ground. Darcy approached his wife and brought her dainty hand to his lips. Fire coursed through Elizabeth's veins. Her breath shook slightly, and her heart raced. "You look beautiful, my Lizzie." Darcy murmured, and Elizabeth blushed. "Thank you, Husband. You also look quite handsome." Elizabeth complimented, and Darcy sent her a cheeky grin. Elizabeth giggled and followed his lead as he descended the stairs at the end of the hallway. Once downstairs, Elizabeth heard music coming from inside the dining room and frowned. It was a beautiful melody and sounded quite romantic. She was not used to hearing music at dinner time unless they were at a party. Were they expecting guests? "Follow me, my love." Darcy whispered and led her into the dining room. A young girl sat in the corner by a piano. She was young and was dressed as a serving girl. Elizabeth could see that she was not used to playing in front of people but that did not stop her. Elizabeth smiled, "The girl is quite talented." She remarked and saw the girl smile softly. Pride flashing through her eyes and straightening her back. "She is indeed," Darcy agreed, smiling towards the girl. Darcy led Elizabeth towards the table and saw that only two places were set. Elizabeth felt relief flood through her. No guests tonight then. Only Darcy and her. That was when she took notice of the roses sat in front of one of the placements and the beautiful scented candles that gave the room a soft glow. It was beautiful. "The roses are for you, my love. One of the maids picked them especially." Darcy admitted. Elizabeth smiled and approached the table. She picked up the red roses and caught their scent. It was tantalizing. Her smile quickly turned into a beam that lit up her whole face. She had never felt so loved in her life as she did in that moment. "Thank you, Darcy. Everything is perfect. Just like you." Elizabeth stated. Darcy smiled and kissed her cheek. He then proceeded to pull out her chair. Elizabeth sat down in the chair and placed her roses to the side. After a moment, soup was being served. It was her favourite. Chicken soup with cream added in. It was delicious. Through out the meal, Darcy and Elizabeth spoke about their travel plans for the morning. They also spoke about their family and what they were looking forward to when they got home. The main meal was brought out and Elizabeth grinned. It was mutton and vegetables which is another of her favourites. The meal was accompanied with red wine and gravy. As well as a Yorkshire pudding. After their main meal, out came dessert. This consisted of Strawberries and cream. Elizabeth felt her heart soar with pleasure. She had never expected Darcy to remember her favourite foods, but it came as a great comfort to her to know that he had listened and retained the information. After the meal concluded, Darcy approached his wife and took her hand. He proceeded to pull her up from her chair and bring her to the side of the room which had a large space free. Elizabeth wondered why this was but as soon as Darcy took hold of her, she understood. They were to dance. "Have you ever heard of a dance called the waltz, my darling?" Darcy asked as he held her body close. "I have heard mentions of it from time to time but have never seen it danced. Nor have I taken part in it." Elizabeth admitted. "Then it is just your luck that I am quite versed in the waltz. Follow me. It is quite simple." Darcy explained. The music changed to sultry tune that Elizabeth had never heard before. She was captivated by Darcy's eyes as he began the dance. "Step back with your right foot. Then step to the left with your left foot. That's it. Bring your right foot to meet your left one. Step forward with your left. Then step sideways with your right foot. And bring your left foot to meet it." Darcy explained. "If it helps, there is a count that is often associated with the waltz and it is 1,2,3 1,2,3 1,2,3." Darcy explained. Elizabeth soon picked up the steps and kept the count in her head. "That is the box step. Now what we must do is begin to move it to the left. Each half of the box step we will turn a quarter to the left. After two more box steps we will do the same again." Darcy explained. "Ready?" Elizabeth nodded and followed Darcy's lead. Soon they were moving across the space. The steady rhythm of the music and their movements lulled Elizabeth. She was completely at ease. How she loved the waltz. She wondered why it had taken so long for the dance to make an appearance in England. It was a marvellous dance that put the dancer under a spell. Darcy's eyes were alight with childlike glee and Elizabeth found herself getting lost in the excitement herself. "You are a natural, Mrs. Darcy." Darcy exclaimed. Elizabeth giggled and turned to the left. All too soon the music ended, and the magic dissipated. Elizabeth longed to keep moving but felt her body growing tired. Darcy sensed this and with a nod, sent the young serving girl away. "Are you wanting to retire my love?" Darcy asked. "I must admit that I am tired. It must have been the excitement of the day." Elizabeth explained. Darcy smiled and kissed her soundly. Elizabeth smiled when they broke apart and followed Darcy as he led her up to her antechamber. "I shall see you in a little while, my love." Darcy said and kissed her hand gently. He walked along the hallway to his own antechamber and entered the room. Elizabeth entered her own and relaxed as her maid helped her get ready for bed. Once she was finished, Elizabeth entered her room and waited for Darcy. He came in shortly after her and sat beside her on the bed. "I love you, Darcy. Thank you for everything you have done. Tonight, was perfect." Elizabeth said as she kissed him. "You are welcome, my love." Darcy said and proceeded to kiss her passionately. The following morning, Elizabeth and Darcy found their way to the docks and were soon setting sail to England. Back to their family and their new life as Mr. and Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy.
