A/N: I know I said I would start posting in January - and I will - but the first chapter was already written and I thought I'd post so you guys can get the feel of what my next story will be about. This story will contain a condition not many people are aware of, in fact, my own child has a chromosome deletion similar to the one that will be explored in this story. My reason for this is that my journey has been an incredible, and stressful, one and if possible, to raise some awareness through writing. Terminology for those who aren't familiar: EHCP - Education, Health and Care Plan. This is a legally binding document listing out all the needs that a child with a special educational need or disability (SEND) has and how those who work in the education sector have to meet that child's needs to ensure they receive the correct support and ability to learn. To receive an education suited to their ability and needs. This legislation was brought in by the UK government in 2014 and sadly, the system isn't correctly shaped. Chromosome deletion - where a person is missing a partial or larger part of a DNA in their chromosomes. Symptoms can vary person to person and it can affect people differently. Please bear in mind that I'm not a geneticist, I'm just a mother who has been through this and has had to learn about it along the way. For more information, please visit who are a very supportive charity. Council - Every city, town, village etc has a local authority called a council which is essentially in charge of maintaining a community. Each council has different departments to make decisions and look after the community. For example, the education authority is where parents apply for school places for their children with another department in charge of allocating child with SEND to an appropriate education setting. If I'm missing anything else that I've forgotten that you want to ask me about please PM me. Another note, this story is a modern day setting in the fictional town of Meryton. If you don't like modern era stories written about the P&P characters, please stop reading after the author's note. I'd like to also state that I doubt this story will be as dramatic as my others have been. Although, you may get a cliffhanger now and then ;) Also, I know this story was originally supposed to be called Haven but I decided to change the title. Disclaimer: The usual applies, I'm not Jane Austen. Life Unexpected Chapter One The four little red numbers on the alarm clock changed from 07.59 to 8.00, setting off the morning alarm. A brunette woman who had been sleeping soundly in her bed let out a muffled groan, her hand lazily hitting the top of the clock to shut off the annoying sound. She rubbed her eyes fast, blinking as she stared up at the bright white ceiling as she rolled on to her back, the sunlight trying to burst into her bedroom through the small crack in the curtains. Another beautiful day. Another day that she had to adjust to having moved back to her childhood home. "Lizzy? Elizabeth? I heard the alarm go off! Get your lazy backside out of bed." A shrill voice yelled on the other side of her locked bedroom door. The brunette rolled her eyes. What wasn't helping her adjustment to living back in her childhood home was the fact that she had to live with her mother again. "Elizabeth Bennet!" the voice shrieked loudly, "You should know better than to ignore your mother at twenty-five years of age." Taking the hint that her mother wasn't going to allow her to lie-in, Elizabeth brushed the wavy brown locks out of her face and kicked back the covers, hauling herself out of bed and unlocked the bedroom door; only to see her mother was insistent on standing in the doorway. "Ah, so you heard me then!" her mother tutted. "Yes mother. The whole bloody street can hear you, you know." Elizabeth yawned. "Get downstairs then for some breakfast. Your father has just boiled the kettle. We're going to need your help today." Her mother instructed. "Why?" Elizabeth asked, letting out another yawn. "Jane has a meeting to discuss her options for Lucy. So, we agreed to watch the twins today. And I need all the help I can get with your niece." Her mother said. "You know, Lucy isn't as bad as you like to make out." Elizabeth replied defensively. "That child can be the spawn of Satan! Besides, how would you know what she's like? You've been living away for the past five years!" her mother sneered. Elizabeth rolled her eyes as she watched her mother retreat to the bathroom, closing the door behind her. She headed downstairs and walked into the kitchen, giving her father a morning hug as she made herself a cup of tea. "Did you sleep well?" her father asked. "Soundly. Until mum decided to wake me up." Elizabeth replied. "I'll have a word with her if you want." Her father offered. "I'll bear it in mind." As Elizabeth helped herself to some cereal and sat at the small, wooden kitchen table, she found herself thinking, not for the first time in her life, just how different her parents were. Thomas and Fran Bennet were complete opposites. Her father had preferred to take a relaxed approach to life, giving his three daughters the freedom they needed to make their own choices and to learn from their mistakes. Whereas Fran had always been one to instantly take control of things, to try and shape the path for her daughters the way she expected them to live their lives. Unfortunately, Fran was often disappointed by the choices that Jane, Elizabeth and Lydia had made. "What time is Jane coming by?" Elizabeth asked. "She's dropping the twins off at half-nine and her meeting with the education authority is at ten. The pre-school is closed today for training." Thomas replied, turning on the taps to fill the sink with soapy water to wash the dirty cups and plates used for breakfast that morning. "It will be nice to spend some time with Peter and Lucy. I suppose there won't be much time when they start school in September." Elizabeth mused. "No there won't. Your sister is so stressed out right now." "Well given that Lucy hasn't been given a school space yet and Peter has, it's no wonder that Jane is stressed out." Thomas turned to face her, turning off the taps and nodded sadly. Elizabeth's older sister Jane was twenty-nine and a single mother to four-year-old twins: Lucy and Peter. The twins were Elizabeth's only niece and nephew and she adored them, but she knew that it was difficult for Jane and had been from the moment that the twins had been born. While Peter fed well, slept well, developed and learned quickly, Lucy was different. And her niece's differences were apparent from when she was a few months old. Lucy couldn't latch on to breastfeed, she never slept through the night like Peter did, she didn't learn to sit, crawl or stand until very late. At two-years-old, Jane had finally been referred to specialists who ordered genetic testing for Lucy; only for her niece to be diagnosed with a chromosomal deletion syndrome which affected her development. Since then, the twin's father had walked out on them, leaving Jane to raise her son and daughter alone. And fight the many battles she had to just to get some help for Lucy. "So, does Jane find out if the education authority will grant Lucy a place at a specialist school?" Elizabeth questioned. Thomas shrugged. "Well, she's been granted the EHCP but the Educational Psychologist, the Community Developmental Paediatrician, the Speech Therapist, the Physical Therapist and Occupational Therapist are all in agreement that mainstream school is unsuitable for Lucy's needs. So, I guess the meeting today is to discuss the options available to Lucy and whether Jane is going to be granted the transport to get her kid to the school." Her father answered. "I'm sure the right decision will be made. If Jane is anything, she's a fighter for her children." Elizabeth stated. "That she is. But the system should be straight forward. She shouldn't have to fight for help and chase professionals for appointments. That's what makes it more stressful." Thomas sighed. "Sadly, the system won't change any time soon. Thanks to the bloody government." Elizabeth muttered. "Well something needs to be done. This country is a bloody nightmare. We're just months away from leaving the EU and the bloody Prime Minister can't even negotiate our exit deal!" Thomas said angrily. Elizabeth stayed silent. She knew better than to argue with her father when it came to politics. It was one area that her father was uptight about. He had his view on how things should be in the UK and nothing would change his mind about it. Thomas went back to doing the washing up as Elizabeth ate her breakfast in silence. As she picked up the morning paper to read, she heard the front door open and close and her younger sister appeared in the doorway. "Alright I'm here! Do you know how bloody hard it is to swap shifts at work? My manager says he won't approve any more shift swaps for me." Lydia complained. Elizabeth looked up and smiled at her sister as Lydia took to a chair opposite her. "At least you have a job, Lydia dear," Fran cooed, entering the kitchen, "Unlike your older sister!" "I said last night that I would look online for some today. I've only been back home for a week!" Elizabeth argued. "Mum, back off yeah? Lizzy has had a tough time as it is without you constantly nagging her." Lydia moaned. "Fran, just because you are impatient and have this stupid need to get everything sorted straight away, doesn't mean we all do!" Thomas reminded in a sing-song voice. "Oh well I'm sorry if I want our daughters to actually succeed at something!" Fran retorted. Thomas dropped the sponge he had been using to scrub the cups and turned to face his wife and daughters. "Be proud of who they are instead of the fictional images you have in your head of who they should be. Jane is a fantastic mother and still has a job despite the challenges she faces. Lizzy is making a fresh start. Lydia is studying at university, working part-time. Life is-" "Full of twists and turns, you face bumps and obstacles along the way," Fran said in a bored tone, "I've heard that speech numerous times over the past thirty-years, Thomas." "Well it's true. They aren't just sat on their backsides doing nothing!" Thomas said defensively. Fran had nothing more to say on the subject, to which Elizabeth felt grateful. She watched as her mother pulled the hoover out of the kitchen cupboard and disappeared into the living room to start cleaning. She knew that her mother was disappointed in her, more so than most. In truth, she hadn't thought she'd be back living with her parents at twenty-five. It wasn't what she had envisioned. Five years ago, she had been in her second year of university, engaged to the man she loved. She had finished her degree, had gotten married rather quickly and had moved away so her husband could start his career as a surgeon. And now, she was in the process of getting divorced, had been kicked out of the home she and her husband had shared, had to leave her job and move back in with her parents. When she had finished her breakfast, she placed her bowl in the sink and headed back upstairs to change out of her pyjamas. She could hear her mother and Lydia arguing over Lydia's need to even be here today. Elizabeth made a mental note that her mother had probably nagged Lydia into changing her shift at the restaurant just so she didn't have to deal much with Lucy. Once she was dressed, she made her way downstairs and fired up her dad's laptop and searched the local job website at the latest job listings. There wasn't much to go on, many places were advertising for warehouse staff at private parcel delivery companies which she didn't have experience with. A few others were for waiting staff which she did apply for (she couldn't afford to be picky) and after applying for a driving job for a local takeaway shop, she came across one listing that she found quite interesting. Wanted. Child Minder. Full time hours. This position is for someone who can develop a strong bond with children. Must have some experience or qualification working with children. The role requires you to: -School runs, morning and afternoon. -Activities outside of school hours -Evening routine such as homework, dinner and preparing the child for bedtime. -Giving medication -Be trained in first aid or be willing to go on a training course in first aid Please Contact Alice Reynolds on the provided number to apply for this position. This job role certainly took her interest, although she hadn't used her degree in Childhood and Youth Studies to work in the field she had wanted to. After her marriage, she had been expected to stay at home by her husband. Pulling her mobile phone out of her pocket, she dialled the number that she saw on the screen, leaving a voicemail message that she was interested in applying for the job and left the information of her contact details. Just as she clicked the end of leaving her details on voicemail, she heard the front door bell ring. Getting up from the kitchen table, she walked out into the hallway and opened the front door, seeing a blonde haired, blue eyed boy staring up at her with a wide grin on his face. "If it isn't my handsome little nephew!" Elizabeth greeted excitedly, bending down to his level and scooping him up in her arms. Peter giggled as she hugged him tightly, his little arms wrapping around her neck before he was placed back on the ground. "Hi aunty Lizzy." Her nephew replied. "Where's your mummy?" Elizabeth asked. But Peter didn't need to answer her question. Elizabeth heard a screaming coming from the parking bay outside the row of terraced houses that her parents house was part of. Stepping outside the front door, she walked away from the house and out on to the street, smiling sympathetically as she saw her older sister trying to wrestle a blonde haired, blue eyed girl out of the car. "Luce, come on love, out we get." Jane panted. Elizabeth walked over to the car, wrapping her arms around Lucy's legs as Jane wrapped her arms around Lucy's waist. The four-year-old girl continued to scream as Jane kicked the car door shut with her left foot. The two sisters carried the writhing four-year-old into the house before placing her carefully down on the hallway floor, locking the front door behind them as Jane and Elizabeth caught their breath. "What on earth is all that noise?!" Fran Bennet yelled, walking down the stairs, feather duster in hand. "Lucy is having a meltdown." Jane pointed out breathlessly. Fran rolled her eyes, walking the rest of the way down the stairs and stepping over her granddaughter who was punching and kicking the carpet. "Honestly, Jane dear, I don't know why you insist on letting her scream it all out. A good smack never hurt any of you when you stepped out of line!" "And how many times must I repeat myself? I won't hit my kids. It's wrong. Besides, it would only make things worse!" Jane said stressfully. "Well, there's no need to smack Peter. He's a good boy. So, what's the matter this time? You ran out of her favourite juice again? Her tablet broke?" Fran asked carelessly. "I couldn't find her tablet so she couldn't watch Peppa Pig. You know it would help if you actually subscribed to the kid's channels when you offer to watch them. At least then you could record a few episodes of Peppa for her to watch." Jane complained. "And how am I supposed to pay for it?" Fran asked. "I offered to give you the money to cover the charge! You refused!" Jane scoffed. As Lucy continued her meltdown in the hallway, Elizabeth rushed into the kitchen and pulled YouTube up on the internet. Typing in Peppa Pig, she quickly selected an episode and turned the volume up the entire way before heading back into the hallway and got on the floor with her screaming niece. "Lucy…Lucy Goosey…shall we go watch Peppa?" Elizabeth sang, trying to lift her niece up. But Lucy didn't want to co-operate. As Elizabeth lifted the little girl off the floor, she felt her niece sink her teeth into her left wrist. "OUCH!" "I'm so sorry, Lizzy…" Jane apologised, sinking to her knees. Tears were streaming down Lucy's face as she continued to scream. Elizabeth clutched at her wrist as Jane managed to sit with Lucy in her lap, cradling her and rocking from side to side to try and soothe her daughter. She watched as Jane hummed the Peppa Pig theme tune to her niece and after ten minutes of soothing, Lucy had managed to calm down. "Lucy, watch some Peppa Peg?" Lydia suggested excitedly, holding out her hand. Lucy's eyes lit up with excitement as she bounced on her feet, jumping up and down as she took Lydia's hands and allowed herself to be led into the kitchen to watch her favourite show. Elizabeth and Jane stood to their feet, both looking exhausted. Jane handed over a large pink rucksack to Elizabeth, who took it and placed it over her shoulder. "Spare clothes and nappies are in there. Along with two packs of wipes- hide the bag well because she's going through a phase of getting the wipes out and chucking them all over the place. There's also her Peppa stuffed toy and her juice cup, along with her PECS cards which you'll need to keep attached to you, so she can point and tell you what she wants. There are also some snacks in there for the two of them, Lucy's are in the pink box and don't let Peter near them, she'll throw a fit if she sees her brother with them. If she wants to go outside, there's sun cream in the inside pocket, along with their hats, but she probably won't want to wear it…" Jane rambled. Elizabeth nodded, taking in everything her sister was saying. "Also, she may get tired if you plan on taking them out, so her spare Maclaren Major is in dad's shed to take with you, so she can rest. If she falls asleep, make sure she has her Peppa toy with her, she won't sleep without it. I'm hoping to be back before lunch if the meeting only lasts the amount of time its meant to-" "Jane, go. We'll be fine." Elizabeth said warmly. "I'm really sorry that she bit you, but she doesn't mean it. She got me yesterday," Jane apologised, holding up her right wrist which was covered in a bandage, "drew blood." "She can't help it. It's not like she's verbal. Like all the professionals have said, she's developmentally delayed and non-verbal, she doesn't process things the way that Peter would." Elizabeth said supportively. "Are you sure you'll be alright?" Jane asked. "Yes. Now get going, you'll be late otherwise." Elizabeth replied. Jane said her goodbyes to Peter and left the house to go to her meeting. Elizabeth poked her head around the kitchen, seeing that Lucy had settled herself on Lydia's lap and the two were watching Peppa Pig on their dad's laptop. Lydia met her gaze, mouthing that she was fine with Lucy and that she had her own set of PECS, so Elizabeth headed out to the back garden to see her nephew kicking a football against the back wall. "You alright mate?" Elizabeth asked. Peter nodded, kicking the ball to her. "Lucy was awake all night." Her nephew replied. "Did she wake you up?" Peter nodded. "A lot of times. Mummy slept in Lucy's bed." "You know that Lucy can't help it, she doesn't mean to wake you up?" Peter nodded again, a sad expression on his face. "Mummy told me. Is Lucy a naughty girl?" her nephew questioned. Elizabeth shook her head. "Lucy isn't a naughty girl. She doesn't talk like you can, so sometimes she gets a bit cross that she can't speak and tell us what's wrong. Like you can tell us if you feel a bit cross or sad. Lucy can't." "But why?" Elizabeth bit her lip. How could you explain to a four-year-old about missing bits of DNA and how it affects the way they think and act? It was a bit complex for a four-year-old to understand. "It's just the way Lucy's made. But just because your sister is different, doesn't mean it's a bad thing. Lucy loves you and your mummy. And we all love you too." She said reassuringly. "I know. Nanny says Lucy is naughty." Peter informed her. "Nanny says a lot of things she shouldn't." Elizabeth sighed. "Aunty Lizzy?" "Yes Peter?" "Can we play football?" Peter asked brightly. "Of course, we can! And I'm going to win!" Elizabeth replied, kicking the ball to him. Peter laughed. "No! I win!" her nephew insisted. The two spent much of the next hour kicking the ball against a goalpost that Elizabeth had drawn on the wall with some white chalk. After running around with Peter, she felt out of breath and stopped to take a break. As she sat down in one of the garden chairs, her phone rang. "Hello?" "Hello, my name is Alice Reynolds. Is this Elizabeth Bennet?" the woman asked. "Yes, that's me." Elizabeth confirmed. "I'm calling about the voicemail you left enquiring about the job of child minder. I'd like to offer you an interview if that's convenient." The woman said brightly. "Yes! That would be fantastic!" Elizabeth said enthusiastically. "Great. Are you able to come to the home address tomorrow afternoon? I can email you the details over." "Yes, I am free tomorrow afternoon." As Elizabeth and the woman swapped over details and confirmed a time for the interview, she ended the phone call feeling positive that she had managed to land a job interview quite quickly. Heading back inside the house with Peter to get him a drink, she saw that Lydia and Lucy were still sat at the kitchen table watching repeated episodes of Peppa Pig on YouTube. "Still going?" Elizabeth laughed. "She's watched the same episode four bloody times now!" Lydia muttered. "Shall we get the art box out in a minute? See if they want to do some messy play?" Elizabeth suggested. "Might be a good idea but we'll have to do it in the garden, at least if they make a mess, we can hose it down. Mum will freak if they ruin the carpet." Lydia mused. "But how do we encourage her to go out there? Is there a PEC card we can use?" Elizabeth asked. "There's a paint splodge one that Jane made and uses when she does messy play with them. There's some large sheets of paper and mixing crates in the cupboard under the stairs if you wouldn't mind setting those up with Peter?" "Sure." Elizabeth hauled the equipment out of the downstairs cupboard and headed outside with Peter to set up. Once Peter had changed into an apron and began to put his hands in the paint, she headed back inside to help Lydia encourage Lucy to take part in some messy play. It took a while, with Lucy making a whining sound when they closed the laptop down. Eventually they had to carry Peter inside to show his sister that he was covered in paint, as well as using the PECS cards when eventually, Lucy slid off Lydia's lap and followed her brother and Elizabeth outside. They tied the apron onto Lucy and watched her as she roughly pushed her hands into the paint, copying her as she placed her hands down on the paper. It was mostly footprints and handprints on the paper, with many paint splodges on the grass and the patio. But neither Elizabeth or Lydia cared about the mess. As Lydia had said, they could hose the garden down later to clean it up. "Are we having fun?" Thomas asked, standing in the garden doorway. "I think we are." Elizabeth replied. "Any luck on the job hunt?" her father asked, sitting himself down on the patio. "I've applied for a few. I've got a job interview tomorrow." Elizabeth said brightly. "Well done. What's it for?" "It's someone looking for a child minder. It's about time I try and use my degree for something." "Well, I'll keep my fingers crossed for you." Thomas said positively. "Thanks dad." Elizabeth smiled. As the twins finished up with the painting, Lydia and Thomas took them both inside to wash whilst Elizabeth cleared up the painting supplies and hosed down the garden. As she placed the art and craft box back in its place, the front door opened and Jane stepped inside the house, closing the front door behind her. "That was quick." Elizabeth commented. But the look on Jane's face didn't show much emotion. Elizabeth noted how tired her sister looked, how the bags under her eyes made her look older than she actually was. "The education authority agreed to place her in a specialist unit attached to Peter's primary school but it's not suitable. They can only offer her support for twenty hours a week. She needs at least forty which would include her break times and lunch times, her help with PE, her help in the afternoons. It would cover them changing her when she needs to be changed, her therapies and learning programme. Twenty hours only just covers the mornings." Jane sighed heavily. "That's awful, Jane. Are you going to appeal?" Elizabeth asked. "I want to. They can supply her with the funds to go to that specialist school which is a forty-minute drive from here, but they won't. They say that the school is full up. But what it really comes down to is the money. They want to support budget cuts to education and special education which means children like my daughter have to suffer for it!" Jane replied angrily. "So, why not look into appealing this decision?" "Lizzy it would take months! I first have to go to a mediator to see if we can mediate with the council to change their minds which is highly unlikely then I have to submit my appeal request along with any paperwork by a certain deadline. Then I have a twelve-week wait before I get my appeal date. It's a long process and she starts school in three months!" "Is there anything I can do?" Elizabeth asked calmly. Jane shook her head. "Not really. But I appreciate the offer." Her sister sighed. Elizabeth hugged her sister tightly. "How do you do it? You look so exhausted but yet, you still go to battle to get Lucy what she needs." She whispered. "I don't have a choice, Lizzy," Jane whispered back, "If I don't fight for my kids, who will?" "It's not fair." Elizabeth muttered. The two sisters released each other and shared a weak smile. "It isn't fair," Jane agreed, "But I love my kids to bits. They're my world, you know?" Elizabeth nodded, she did know. She could see just how much the twins meant to Jane. Her sister may look exhausted and in need of a break but the way that Jane interacted with her kids, the way that Jane did everything for Peter and Lucy, it was obvious just how much love there was between Jane and the children. "If you ever need a break, just ask me and I'll babysit." Elizabeth offered. "Thanks Lizzy, I appreciate it." Jane smiled. Heading back into the living room, Elizabeth noted that a time of change was definitely beginning for her and her family.
A/N: Thank you all for your reviews on the first chapter. This story is definitely going to be emotional at times, especially with what I have planned for Jane and her children. In reply to a few people who have asked about chromosome deletions, no they aren't a form of autism. In the simplest term, it's where a person is missing deleted DNA in a section of their chromosomes. For example, my child has one which is classed as a microdeletion: meaning she is only missing a tiny portion of DNA. Because these deletions are rare, not many people are diagnosed with them, and they haven't been thoroughly researched by geneticists, so they aren't usually named syndromes. For more information, you can go to rarechromo dot org (all together) which is a charity called Unique who provide support to families who go through this journey. Also, chromosome deletions have links to autism and other conditions which will be explored through Lucy. However, please remember that autism isn't always caused by a person having a chromosome deletion. The next chapter will be posted in two weeks. Chapter Two "Wish me luck." Elizabeth breathed nervously. She was stood in the kitchen dressed in a black pencil skirt and white shirt tucked into the waist, with clear tights and a pair of small black high heels. Her mother was busy reading the morning newspaper whilst her father had turned around to hand Jane a freshly made cup of coffee. "You'll be fine, Lizzy," her father said with a smile, "Just be yourself and be honest, and this Alice Reynolds will like you." "We'll go out for lunch when you get back," Jane said supportively, "The twins won't finish pre-school until one, so I'll have some time to catch up with you properly." "Don't you have a shift today?" Elizabeth asked. "I don't do shift work that often. I go in occasionally to help Charlotte with the ordering but I'm more of a 'silent partner'." Jane replied. "And by silent, you mean…?" "Charlotte runs the bakery daily and I do all the admin, payroll, inventory, ordering from home. She does the practical running of the business and I do the paperwork side." "Does Charlotte mind you are doing the paperwork side of the business?" Elizabeth asked curiously. Jane shook her head. "I'm lucky to have Charlotte for a business partner. She hates doing all the paperwork, gets her head muddled up apparently. She knows I'm better with the calculations and the computer side of it. And it's better for me because I can be flexible with it around the kids." Her sister replied. Elizabeth nodded her understanding, feeling glad that her sister was still able to continue working despite Lucy needing full-time care. When Jane was twenty-two, she and their childhood friend Charlotte Lucas had taken over Thomas's bakery business when their father had suffered a minor heart attack brought on by stress. Thomas had signed over half of his share to Jane whilst Charlotte had bought her own share of thirty percent. The three of them had found a way to make it work. Charlotte ran the business, Jane did the administration side which earned them their own living whilst Thomas reviewed the accounts every quarter and had his share of the profits which covered the bills and mortgage on the house. It pleased Elizabeth that Jane and Charlotte had found a way of successfully working together, ensuring that Jane had the time to go to Lucy's appointments, therapies and meetings. "How is the bakery doing?" Elizabeth asked. "We're steady, same as always. Profits are up. We've worked out a system that works for us." Jane replied. "Alright Lizzy, you'd better get going. You don't want to be late to your interview." Thomas said brightly. Saying goodbye to her parents and sister, she took her dad's car keys and left the house. Once she was in her dad's car, she began to drive to the address she had been given by Alice Reynolds the previous day. She drove through the familiar streets of her home town, passing by the several places she used to visit before she had got married. She saw familiar people she had grown up with and some new faces. She drove past her family's bakery, deciding silently that at some point she would have to pop in and pay Charlotte a visit once she was sorted out. She continued to drive until she reached a part of Meryton that she had rarely ventured to. It was the part of town which had been labelled as the rich part. The houses were large, easily five-bedroom minimum, with plenty of garden space to use. All the houses were detached with three-car driveways. As she turned into the road she had been given by Alice Reynolds, she drove slowly and parked the car by the pavement outside the house where her interview would take place. Elizabeth got out of the car, straightened her skirt and took a deep breath as she walked up the gravel path, reaching the front door and knocked three times. The front door opened, and a woman around the same age as her father appeared in the doorway. She had a bright greeting smile to which Elizabeth returned. She noted that kindness that was evident in the woman's blue eyes. "You must be Elizabeth Bennet?" the woman asked kindly, brushing a grey lock back into her fading black hair and cleared her throat. "I am." Elizabeth confirmed, trying to steady her nerves. "Hello, I'm Alice Reynolds, Come on inside." The woman said, opening the front door wider. Elizabeth stepped inside the house, instantly overwhelmed by the openness and large space around her. A wide staircase stood opposite the front door, with a neat metal coat hanger on the wall inside holding up a few jackets and winter coats. The floor beneath her feet had a wooden laminated effect, matching the oak staircase that had been heavily carpeted. She followed Alice Reynolds to her right, into a large and open living room. The flooring matched the same as the hallway, with a large black rug covering the centre of the room. A small glass coffee table stood in the centre of the rug, just inches away from a large black fabricated corner sofa that sat along the back wall. Opposite, a mounted fifty-inch screen television sat above a stone fireplace. Whilst the room was completed with some oak side tables next to the sofa, holding up a few photographs and a bookcase that contained white and black cubed boxes for storage, sitting snugly inside the holes. "Make yourself comfortable," Alice said warmly, gesturing to the sofa, "Can I get you a drink?" "No, thank you. I've not long had a cup of tea." Elizabeth replied politely. "Very well, dear. Shall we get started?" Alice asked. Elizabeth nodded enthusiastically, both taking a seat on the sofa. She noticed the little folder that sat neatly on the coffee table and looked back at Alice nervously. "The position, as you're aware, if for a full-time child minder. If you were successful for the role, you would be looking after an eight-year-old girl named Mia." Alice began, picking up the folder and taking out a photograph before handing it over to Elizabeth. As she looked down at the photograph, Elizabeth took in the smiling little girl who she could potentially be looking after. The girl, Mia, was smiling toothily at the camera on a bright day, a few gaps missing due to losing some teeth. Her smile was wide with happiness and her brown eyes warm whilst her dark curly brown hair bounced around her face. "She is a beautiful girl." Elizabeth complimented. "She is," Alice said fondly, "Takes after her father." "You must be very proud. Are you her mother?" Elizabeth asked. Alice chuckled lightly and shook her head. "No dear. I'm the housekeeper for the Darcy family but I've been working for them most of my life. My own children were raised alongside Mia's father and aunt. Mia is an only child, raised by her father William. I used to look after Mia as well as my other duties within my role but I'm getting older and can't keep up with the workload." The woman explained. "What are the family like?" Elizabeth asked curiously. "Close. They have little traditions that have been going back generations. Trustworthy. Kind. William is a very generous and loving man, he absolutely adores his little girl." Alice replied fondly. "Does Mia's mother have any involvement?" She noted how the woman's smile quickly faded as she sadly shook her head. "Mia's mother died in an accident when she was two-years-old." Alice explained. "Oh…I'm sorry…" "It was a sad time for the family," Alice sighed, "But Mia is a strong child." "She looks very happy, if the picture is anything to go by." Elizabeth smiled, looking back at the picture. "Oh, she is and she's a good girl. It's very rare for her to be in trouble." Alice informed her. "It's nice to hear you speak highly of her." Elizabeth said admirably. "I don't see William or his family as my employers, more like my own family," Alice said warmly, "Do you have any involvement with children?" "I have a degree in Childhood and Youth Studies which required two placements during my time at university. The first placement was for one hundred days acting as an Early Years Practitioner in a pre-school setting. The second placement was for again for one hundred days, working for the charity Home Start which helps families who need extra support. The support came in many forms. Such as accessing local play groups, getting additional support for families whose children have SEN or are disabled. We also helped families access advice and support to help them children be ready for school." Elizabeth said proudly. "Excellent. Do you have any experience outside your degree working with children?" Alice questioned. Elizabeth hesitated, she only had used her degree a little. "During my time at university I worked part-time in the evenings as a babysitter and I do have some references for you. But once I finished my degree, I didn't have the chance to use it to start a career. However, I have a four-year-old niece and nephew that I spend some time with." She answered truthfully. "That's fine, dear. Life doesn't always pan out the way you planned. Now, you should be informed that Mia has epilepsy which requires you to be first aid trained in case she has seizure. Mia is also on daily medication to treat her condition. Are you trained in first aid?" Alice asked, reassuringly. "I was first aid trained as part of my degree. But I may need to go on another course in case my qualification has expired." Elizabeth replied. "That's fine. If you are successful in landing the role, you need to inform me, so I can arrange for you to go on another course. This would take place at the local sixth-form college prior to starting to look after Mia and will be paid for by your employer." "Of course." "The role requires you to work Monday-Friday. You would start by collecting Mia from the house at eight-thirty in the morning. She will be fed, dressed and ready to school upon your arrival. You would take her to school and sign her in; of course, you'd need to make yourself known to the school for security reasons. It's a safety issue, they need to be informed as to who is dropping of and collecting Mia every day. During the day, you would make sure her prescription is in date, put in her prescription requests at the doctor's surgery, collect any medication that has been approved. You would take her for any appointments she needs, such as hospital reviews and dental check-ups. You would also plan her after school routine by taking her to her ballet classes and find other clubs or activities she may enjoy. Then you'd bring her home, complete her homework and serve her dinner." Alice informed her. Elizabeth nodded. "Does Mia have any particular hobbies or interests, aside from ballet?" she asked. "She's been doing ballet since she was three and now, it is the only after school activity that she does. But she is a very eager child and likes to try new things." Alice replied. "Okay. Do I need to get her father's permission before I take her to any new clubs or activities?" Alice smiled and shook her head. "Just let me know and I'll pop it on the calendar, so William can see what she has coming up over the course of the week. He is supportive of his daughter trying new things, so I don't think you finding any new clubs or activities for Mia would be a problem." "Is the working day a long one?" Elizabeth asked. "You'd need to be here at eight-thirty and finishing times will vary depending on what time Mia's classes or activities are outside of school. The latest you'd finish is six-thirty. But the pay is generous. You may be required to work the occasional Saturday is William has a busy workload. However, you would be given plenty of notice and additional holiday allowance." Alice explained, handing over some paperwork. Elizabeth looked down at the contract, reading silently as she scanned through the employment terms and conditions. The day would be long, but Alice was correct, the pay rate per hour was more than what the average childminder would receive. "The pay is generous." Elizabeth muttered, her eyes widened. "William believes in paying his staff well." Alice said reassuringly. "I can see that." Elizabeth said breathlessly. Her heart was hammering fast in her chest. In the pit of her stomach she was hoping for this job. It would be the start of a permanent change for her, proving that she could start fresh after losing everything she had spent the last five years trying to make work. "Don't worry dear. If you were hired for the role, you would be well looked after. I'd be there to make sure you're bonding with Mia and that you both settle in well to a new routine." Alice said kindly. "I love children and helping them learn. I certainly have the time and dedication to look after a child." Elizabeth said enthusiastically. "I only have two questions left. The first is the one I dislike asking but I have to ask. Why did you apply for this role?" Alice questioned. The dreaded question that all employers ask. Why do you want to work for the company/person? Elizabeth took a deep breath and looked at Alice directly. "I'll be honest. I've recently found myself moving back home with nothing to my name. I don't just want a job. I want something that gives me purpose. Something to build my career on. I want to use my degree doing something I love, and I love working with children. Starting over is hard. But I want to use this fresh start doing something positive and I applied for this role because I believe I can provide a lot of care, time and dedication to Mia." Elizabeth answered truthfully. Alice smiled at her, but this smile told Elizabeth that she understood that life didn't always go the way you expected. The way you wanted it to go. "And my last question. Do you have any other questions?" "What happens when Mia is on school holidays and what happens if I booked some time off?" "We have an agency worker we use from time to time to cover. We would use this agency worker when you use your holiday allowance. In terms of school holidays, the schedule would be adjusted slightly but we have a few weeks before summer holidays start so if you were offered the role, you would be informed of the schedule change with notice." Alice explained. "Good to know." Elizabeth smiled. "Any others?" Alice asked. "I suppose the only thing I can think of to ask if how soon I would start if I was offered the job?" "I'd give you a call later this week to inform your if you've been successful and William would start the background checks to make sure you don't have a criminal record and you aren't on the sex offenders register. Once the checks come back, you'll be informed of a start date." "Okay." Elizabeth breathed. Alice gave her another reassuring smile. "Relax, my dear. You've done well. I don't think you'll be waiting too long to hear back from us." The older woman said kindly. "Thank you." Elizabeth said quietly. Saying their goodbyes, Alice saw Elizabeth to the front door and she exited. Walking back to her car, Elizabeth pulled out her phone to text Jane and arrange a place to meet for lunch. ooOoo The two sisters entered the pub on the high street in Meryton, sitting themselves at one of the empty tables by the bar and picked up a menu each. Elizabeth started to look through the options, trying to decide what she fancied for lunch. "I've missed doing this." Jane commented warmly. "So have I. And now that I'm back, we can do this more often." Elizabeth said. "That would be nice. But we'd have to see what my free time is like though. Looking after the twins is a full-time job." Jane sighed. "I supposed even more so with Lucy's needs." Elizabeth said sympathetically. Jane looked over the top of her menu. "I won't lie, it's been hard." Her sister sighed heavily. "Do you get enough help?" Elizabeth asked. "I get what I can. Dad and Lydia help me out a lot and we have a part-time night nurse assigned through social services to help with Lucy, so Peter and I can get some sleep and she's trained to deal with Lucy's seizures and medication. Obviously, they are both in pre-school and Lucy has additional funding to help with her development. But it's hard. Because I've had to fight to get the night nurse and they rejected the application before I appealed and got it rewarded. But it's only four nights a week." Jane replied. "Do you get enough time for Peter?" Jane paused for a few moments before answering. "I try my best. Lucy will happily be looked after by dad or Lydia but when I've tried babysitters, she's had a meltdown which meant my plans with Peter get put on hold. Routine is what we've established. On the nights when I have no night nurse, Lucy has an early bedtime because of the sleep disorder caused by her chromosome deletion. So, me and Peter tend to watch a movie or read a book together when she's in bed. But it's hard, Lizzy. When she's up six times a night and has multiple daily meltdowns, I feel like I'm not doing enough." "If you ever want me to watch Lucy for an evening so you and Peter can have some time together, just ask me." Elizabeth offered. "I appreciate the offer, Lizzy. I really do. But I can't leave Lucy with many people. She can be very hard to handle at times-" "I'm sure I can manage." Elizabeth muttered. "It's not just a case of managing, Lizzy. Her chromosome deletion has caused so many problems that need to be handled in the right way. Lucy has the developmental age of an infant! She can't potty train, she's non-verbal. She needs medication to control her seizures, which have reduced over time, but she still gets the occasional one and must have bed monitors which can go off during the night if one is triggered. She has a sleep disorder where she doesn't sleep through the night. She only started walking a year ago. She's under investigation for autism by the specialists involved with her. She needs constant supervision because she's impulsive and has no danger awareness." Jane ranted. "Jane, I'm just saying that you need to take some time for yourself. And for Peter. And I'm offering to help!" Elizabeth said desperately, her voice on the verge of cracking. "And I appreciate it Lizzy, I do," Jane said emotionally, "But I have had to change my whole path and experience things I never thought I would when I became a mother. All because my daughter has all these problems caused by missing a little section of DNA in one of her chromosomes." "It's like you don't trust me or something." Elizabeth sighed. "I do, I'm sorry that you feel that way. I didn't mean to make you feel like that. But you just got back after living away for the last five years. I know we talked a lot and emailed, and you visited at Christmas, Easter and birthdays. But the kids need to know you're familiar and once you're settled back in, I'll take you up on your offer. But I need you to realise that Lucy is hard work. I have four bolts on my front door because she would just bolt straight out into the road and get hit by a car. Even if it beeped at her, it wouldn't phase her." Jane replied gently. "I just feel so bad," Elizabeth sighed, that familiar surge of guilt overcoming her, "If I had come home more and not gotten married at twenty, I could've understood and helped more." "Lizzy, you were madly in love and married. Of course, you were going to move away with David. And it isn't your fault my life is this way. I love my children, more than anything. Of course, it's hard work with Lucy and I'm still trying to get my head around it. But I've never learned so much about anything before. Her diagnosis gave me answers why she couldn't do things as a baby that Peter could. And it means I can raise awareness about a rare condition." Jane said reassuringly. "But don't you find it exhausting? You look so tired. And aren't you scared about what it means for the future?" Elizabeth asked curiously. "I'm always exhausted. As for the future, because her chromosome deletion is so rare and there's few families with the same one, there is no 'worst case scenario' I can compare to. Lucy may be non-verbal for the rest of her life. She might never be able to look after herself. But at the same time, with the right support, she might progress. I have to take one day at a time. I can't plan because I don't know what Lucy might be like." Jane replied honestly. "So, it's like having a big fat question mark hanging over your head?" Elizabeth questioned. "That's a good way to sum it up." Jane chuckled. Elizabeth bit her lip, debating whether she should ask her next question. Hearing her sister talk about her experiences with Lucy made her sympathetic but also angry. Jane had to do it all by herself. "Ask me." Jane said sharply. Evidently, her sister knew what she must be thinking. "Doesn't George ever pay maintenance to help with the costs? He has a legal obligation to pay for his children." She said quietly. Jane let out a harsh laugh and shook her head. "I think George likes to live in a world of his own and pretend he doesn't have twins." Her sister said harshly. "Have you ever thought about chasing him for child support?" Jane shook her head. "I don't want his money, Lizzy. I can raise the two of them by myself. The twins are well looked after." "But I imagine it's expensive with the extra costs of Lucy's disability?" Elizabeth asked quietly. "That's why I get Disability Living Allowance for her. The DLA is there to help with those extra costs. It pays towards her night nurse and other things that help her. It pays for the petrol to take her to her therapies and appointments. It pays for the upkeep of her tablet. It pays for the extra clothes she needs when she chews through the sleeves. It pays for her nappies." Jane replied. "I think you're doing amazingly, Jane, but I also think that George should be accountable to his role as a parent." Elizabeth muttered. Jane gave her a weak smile, reaching across the table to give her hand a squeeze. "I loved George once but the only good thing I got from him were Peter and Lucy. He struggled to accept the fact that Lucy was different, and he couldn't bond with her. He didn't want to love her. So, I told him if he didn't want to raise a disabled child, he knew where the door was. I also told him that he didn't get to choose who he was a father to and who he wasn't. He had to be there for both the twins and not just one of them. So, he left. And I haven't seen him in two years." Her sister said, her voice somewhat positive. "I just feel so bad for you, Jane." Elizabeth sighed. "Don't feel bad for me, Lizzy. Life takes a lot of unexpected turns. Now, let's decide what we're eating. I'm starving." Jane said brightly. Looking back at their menus, the sisters decided what they were eating for lunch and Elizabeth told her sister about her job interview, hoping that when she received that phone call from Alice Reynolds, it would be good news.
Chapter Three "Have you made a decision yet, William?" A man with dark brown, curly hair and matching eyes looked up from the many pieces of paper that were scrawled across his desk and smiled at his housekeeper. "I'm already running background checks on the candidates. Did you have someone specific in mind, Alice?" Will asked. "All nine that were interviewed gave a strong impression. But only one gave me the belief and feeling that they would be an asset for the family." Alice replied truthfully. William lazily threw his pen on top of the paperwork and leaned back in his chair, stretching his arms and yawning slightly. Even at the weekend, he felt so tired after working away all week. "Which candidate gave you that?" "The young woman, Elizabeth Bennet." "Ah. The one who hasn't used her degree as much as she would have liked to." William noted. "So, she may not have had an opportunity to use her degree. However, it was something she said about needing a fresh start. Wanting something that gave her purpose and the belief that the role we are offering would fulfil that. In that moment, she spoke honestly, and l think she can offer Mia a lot more than just being a glorified babysitter." Alice said defensively. William nodded as he took in what Alice had said. The woman had been a motherly figure to him when his own mother had died when he was thirteen. There was nobody else in the world whose opinion and advice he trusted more than Alice Reynolds. She had been a constant in his life when he had really needed one. She had helped bring him, his sister and his father closer together during their shared grief of Anne Darcy's death. "Her checks have already come back clear and I called her previous employer. She worked as a receptionist part-time when she lived in London. Despite her part-time job, her employer cited that she was dependable and trustworthy. He agreed with your view, that she was an asset to the company and he was sorry to see her leave." William stated. "Will you hire her then?" Alice asked eagerly. But before Will could answer, he heard a shuffle outside the door of his study. He saw a shadow try to hide behind the door and chuckled. "You may as well come in, Mia." Will called out. And in the doorway, his daughter stood. A miniature version of him with a toothy smile. The little girl shuffled over to him and plonked herself on his lap. "Do you have to hire someone to look after me, daddy? Why can't it just be me and Alice?" Mia questioned curiously. "I still love you, Mia, darling." Alice said reassuringly. "That's true. Alice loves us both. But Alice is getting a bit older now and needs to focus on looking after the house because that's her job. She'll still look after you but not as much as she used to." William answered. "But what if I don't like this person who's supposed to look after me?" Mia asked. "Then you can tell me or Alice. That won't change. You can still come and tell us things." Will replied. Mia nodded. "Did you enjoy going out with Auntie Gee today?" Will asked. Mia nodded happily. "Yeah, we had fun. The film was funny, and we went to the park after. Next time, can you come with us?" "I will," he promised, "What would you like your new childminder to be like, Mia?" He watched his daughter hesitate before answering. But he could guess what Mia would say. His daughter would want a childminder who was kind, who liked to have fun, who liked to join in on the things she liked doing. Someone who could make her laugh and smile. And just as he silently thought that, his daughter came out and said something that he thought she wouldn't say. "Well, they have to be funny and nice. But they also have to make you smile, dad." Mia said. Will blinked. "They won't be looking after me, sweetheart." He reminded her. "I know. But if they make you smile, it means that they make you happy." Mia said brightly. "Do you think I'm not happy?" Mia shrugged. "I think you work a lot. I think work isn't fun. Ballet is fun, your work isn't." Will chuckled, kissing his daughter's forehead. "I think you're right there. My work isn't fun." He agreed. Mia let out a yawn and cuddled her father tightly. Will wrapped his arms around his little girl and returned her tight hug. It was the same routine every night. She would come in and sit with him for a few minutes, they would talk or he would ask for her thoughts on something and then she'd yawn and hug him tightly. "Time for bed, Mia." Alice said kindly. Mia hopped off her father's lap and went over to the study door with Alice. "Goodnight dad, I love you millions." Mia yawned. "And I love you a million times more." Will smiled. Mia smiled at her father and left the room with Alice, climbing the stairs to her bedroom as Will pushed his paperwork aside and pulled out the notes that Alice had made on the candidates she had interviewed on his behalf. His relationship with Mia was nothing that he had ever experienced before. He'd been twenty-four when his wife, Natalie, had told him the news that they were expecting a child. It hadn't been part of the plan. He'd only been working at his law firm for a year when he'd been told that he'd be a father and only married for two. It wasn't how he had imagined his life going. He'd made this plan in his head that after university, he'd marry his long-term girlfriend and had proposed to Natalie on the day they had graduated. But he'd always known that Natalie wanted to settle down quickly whereas he had wanted to take things slowly. To enjoy being a husband and make memories and experience things with his wife. It had taken him a while to get his head around the fact that his plans for life would have to change. Instead of looking at holidays to experience China and Thailand, he was looking at what nursery furniture would look great in one of their spare rooms. His father had gifted him and Natalie the house they lived in, housing wasn't going to be an issue. And Natalie expressed her sudden desire to be a stay-at-home mother rather than work, again that wasn't an issue; he made more than enough to support his wife and child. Will had supported Natalie through a difficult pregnancy. His wife had severely suffered with morning sickness and needed to be hospitalised on a drip to rehydrate during the early pregnancy. During the second and third trimester, she had experienced low amniotic fluid which required frequent monitoring of growth scans and heart monitors. But the birth had been quite a straightforward experience. The labour was quick, and he had held his wife's hand as she pushed their daughter into the world. And the second he laid eyes on his daughter, he felt a tug on his heart. A good kind of tug. An overwhelming feeling of love and joy as his daughter screamed her first screams as she was placed into Natalie's awaiting arms. From the moment his daughter had been born, his life had changed for the better. Weekends were about coming home and looking after Mia and Natalie. His bond with his little girl strengthened and everything he did was to make her happy. But his relationship with his wife was slowly changing. Natalie felt that all of their time and energy were on Mia instead of themselves and suggested that they consider making another baby to add to their family. It was a subject they disagreed on. He didn't want another child just yet, he didn't want Mia to feel pushed aside. And while he showered his wife with a bit more attention and love, Natalie craved another child. Something which never came to be. When Mia was two, his wife had been invited on a hen do, one of their long-term friends was getting married and wanted to spend the weekend in Italy skiing. Skiing had been something Natalie had enjoyed during their teenage years and when asked if it was alright to go, Will had encouraged her to go. It was rare that Natalie got some time for herself and he felt it might cheer her up or provide a distraction to everyday life. So, his wife had kissed him and Mia goodbye and had gone on a skiing weekend. Only he got a call the following day, early evening to say that his wife had died during a ski accident. He had been made a widow at twenty-six. Mia had lost her mother at the age of two. The bright world he and his wife had shared was going dark. And now six years on, he was a single father trying to make sure that his daughter had a good life. Alice had been a great pillar of support when Natalie had died. She was originally a housekeeper for his father but felt she was needed more with him and Mia. For the last six years Alice cared for Mia so he could work, his house was tidied and he had a friend to talk to and ask advice for when he needed to. But Alice was getting older and running the house and looking after an eight-year-old was proving too much. It was time to hire a childminder. And he trusted Alice to interview people on his behalf and trusted her judgement. But he also wanted to ask his daughter for some input into what she would need from her childminder. Pulling out the notes on Elizabeth Bennet, he read through them. Granted, she was qualified to work with children. She had a degree which told him as such. But she hadn't used it once she had graduated from university and it made him wonder why. But at the same time, Alice thought out of all the other candidates who were interviewed for the role, Elizabeth Bennet stood out. Alice believed this woman could give his daughter the care, time and dedication needed. And the woman's previous employer had said that he was sorry to see her leave her job with them. Just as he had finished scanning through the notes for the third time, Alice knocked on the study door. "Mia went down alright. Do you need anything?" Alice asked. "No, I'm fine. I'm going to finish my paperwork then turn in for the night. But tomorrow, could you make a phone call to this Elizabeth Bennet and tell her that I'm offering her the job." Will requested. Alice nodded enthusiastically. "Of course. When would you like her to start?" she asked. "As soon as possible. I'd like her to meet Mia prior to her starting the job though." Will replied. "Perfectly reasonable. I'll get something arranged. Do you want to meet her prior to her start date?" Alice asked. Will nodded. "I think it's best I do. It'll be good to put a face to the name." he replied. Leaving him to his work, Alice left the study and Will returned to the paperwork he had pushed aside and started to work through it. ooOoo It was a nice start to Monday morning. Or not. Elizabeth woke up before her alarm sounded to the screeching voice of her mother downstairs. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and rolled on to her back, letting out a dissatisfied groan. "Thomas, you know when you do things like this it makes me extremely nervous!" "For god's sake Fran, I went to the pub, we had a lock-in!" "Out all night! Not home until an indecent hour! Oh my nerves! I've never been so worried!" "I text you about it! Maybe if you checked your phone your bloody nerves wouldn't suffer!" It was something that she hadn't missed when she had lived away from home. Her mother would freak out if her father had gone to the pub and had been invited to stay after closing for a lock-in with a few of his friends. Her father would argue in return and their bickering and shouting could be heard throughout the entire street. Just until you have enough to get yourself sorted. She took a deep breath and kicked back the covers, dragging herself out of bed and headed downstairs. There was no point in trying to go back to sleep, not when her parents were shouting at each other. She entered the kitchen and helped herself to some cereal, pouring in the milk into the bowl and pulled a spoon out of the cutlery drawer. Her father entered the kitchen as she had sat down at the table, putting the first spoonful of cereal into her mouth. "Morning love, did we wake you?" Thomas asked. "It's fine." Elizabeth mumbled. "Sorry Lizzy." Her father apologised. "Don't worry about it, dad." Elizabeth said. There was a slight pause in conversation as Thomas filled the kettle up with water and clicked it to boil. "Do you have any plans today?" Thomas asked. "I'm still waiting to hear back from the interview I had last week and a few others who still haven't gotten back to me if I'm being offered an interview. But I'm meeting Lydia and Jane for an early lunch before Lydia heads off for uni. And I'm picking the twins up from pre-school with Jane." Elizabeth replied. "It sounds like you have a long day planned. Are you doing anything with Jane and the kids this afternoon?" She shrugged her shoulders. "I'm not sure to be honest. We'll probably head back to Jane's to give the twins their lunch but I'm not sure what Jane wants to do. I've offered to watch Lucy so she and Peter could do something together, but she thinks I need a bit longer to settle in before she accepts my offer." "Don't take it personally, Lizzy. Jane does trust you. It's just hard for her to leave Lucy with anyone who-" "Hasn't been around in their lives every day?" Elizabeth suggested. Thomas gave her a sympathetic smile. "It's nothing against you. Once Lucy knows that you're a familiar person that she can trust, Jane will feel comfortable to accept your offer. Your sister knows that you love the twins, but Lucy only saw you occasionally before you asked me if you could come home because David had filed for divorce. Give it some time. I think it's great that you're picking Lucy and Peter up from pre-school. It's a good way to show the twins that you're back for good." Her father said with encouragement. "I know. It just…if it hadn't been for David being offered a position in London to further his medical career, I would have stayed and settled down in Meryton…but not everything goes to plan…" Elizabeth sighed. "What happened with you and David? You didn't specifically say why he turned around and said he wanted a divorce?" her dad questioned. She didn't know what she was supposed to say, because she knew that if she told her parents the full extent of why she and her husband had separated, her mother would certainly have an opinion on the subject. The truth was, her entire marriage to David Collins had been mostly about her husband's needs and future. David was five years older than her when they had first met when she was nineteen. Their entire early stage of their relationship had been a whirlwind. She'd married him at twenty, right at the end of her second year whilst he worked as a GP. When she had graduated, David had been offered a trainee position to qualify as a surgeon at one of London's top hospitals. So, she'd had to relocate with her husband. And for five years, she had been expected to run the home and only work part-time as a receptionist whilst her husband studied and trained for the role he had always wanted. But that wasn't the only reason her marriage went down the drain. They'd talked about starting a family two years into their marriage and after two years of trying, Elizabeth had suggested they seek help. The natural way of trying to conceive was apparently not going to work for them and they might need to seek IVF. And when it became evident that she couldn't conceive a child, David had decided that was the final nail in the coffin that was their marriage. He told her he'd spoken to a lawyer, he wanted to divorce, and she had to move back home. She had suggested counselling, but David had refused. And she knew that if she told her parents the ins and outs of why her marriage had failed, her mother would make her feel even worse about it. Her marriage had been a whirlwind of romance and she had been madly in love. But when it became apparent that David only wanted to focus on his future, his dreams and goals, he didn't think her dreams were relevant. He wanted a housewife. Not an equal. And he certainly didn't want to be with someone who couldn't carry his children. The spark died, and the love was fading. She realised that David was selfish, and her marriage wasn't what she wanted. In a way, as much as she regretted the way her marriage had ended, it came as a relief. It was her chance to put herself first for a change. It was a chance for her to rediscover herself and find her own dreams, and to set her own path. "I don't really want to get into this now, dad. I just want to spend some time with my sisters, niece and nephew before I panic over whether or not I got this childminding job." Elizabeth said. Thomas looked at her with the fatherly concern he usually reserved for when he was truly worried about his children. "I'm just concerned, Lizzy. You seemed happy and then you call me asking me to come home because you're getting divorced." Her father stated. "The truth is dad, me and David hadn't been happy for a long time. And now, it's time to start anew." Elizabeth replied honestly. "You know you have my unconditional support, Lizzy. You can stay here as long as you want, and I'll help you in any way that I can." "Thanks dad." She watched her father turn his attention to the kettle as it finished boiling. The talk of her own marriage was something both her parents were curious about. At the same time, marriage was a sensitive subject in her family. Jane hadn't been married when she and George had been together, they hadn't been married when the twins were born and even so when George had decided he couldn't hack being a dad. Lydia was still in university, uninterested in marriage and her own parents had spent the majority of the last thirty years at odds with each other. Elizabeth could hardly remember a time where it seemed that her parents got on. Before she could dwell more on the topic of marriage, her mobile phone started to ring on the kitchen side. She got up from her seat and pressed the answer button, pressing it to her ear. "Hello?" she asked. "Elizabeth, it's Alice Reynolds. I'm calling about the job you applied for." The voice said. Her heart started hammering in her chest. This was it. This would be either good news. Or bad news. But she remained silent as she took a deep breath to calm herself. "After considering your application, Mr. Darcy would like to make you an offer of employment. Are you available to come to the house for a meeting with him during the week?" Alice asked kindly. "Wha…yes I'm available. When would he like to meet me?" Elizabeth stammered, suddenly feeling excited. "He's around on Friday if you are available. The meeting is just a casual get-to-know-you, so you can both meet each other and sign the contract." Alice reassured her. "Friday would be fine with me. What time shall I come over?" Elizabeth asked. "Eleven?" "I'll see you then. Thank you." Elizabeth ended the phone call, eagerly looking forward to her meeting with William Darcy on Friday.
A/N: My apologies that it has been a long time since I last updated. I had a very difficult (and final) pregnancy with my fourth baby. I hope to update on a regular basis now that things are settling down for me. Enjoy! Chapter Four Friday came around rather quickly, much to Elizabeth's satisfaction. She had spent the entire week trying to focus on helping Jane out with the twins, helping out around the house and had even popped into the bakery to arrange a catch-up with Charlotte to celebrate being offered the childminder job. During the week, she had managed to get a first-hand look at just how much her older sister was juggling. Lucy had suffered a seizure during a trip to the park one afternoon after preschool and Jane had managed to show her how to handle it due to her upcoming role in caring for a child with epilepsy. She'd also accompanied Jane to Lucy's weekly physio appointment, quarterly speech therapy review and had signed up to learn Makaton sign language as a way to try and communicate with her niece. Slowly, Lucy had stopped being hostile towards her and Elizabeth had never felt more thrilled. In the short time that she had moved back home, Lucy had been hostile towards her, often biting or hitting when she preferred to have her needs met by Jane, Lydia or Thomas. And after spending as much time as possible with her niece and nephew, Lucy was starting to warm up to her when she randomly sat in Elizabeth's lap and made a cooing sort of noise which Jane stated was her content noise. Elizabeth only hoped that it would continue. And now she was stood outside the house she had interviewed at for the childminding job and took a deep breath before rapping her closed fist lightly on the front door. It was a new start for her. The chance to find a purpose and rebuild her life. She had already made silent plans in her head that once she had enough money saved for a rainy day and for private renting expenses, she would be moving out of her parent's home; having grown tired of her parents constant bickering and her mother's constant criticism. It was like she could do nothing right in her mother's eyes. The front door opened, and she was greeted with the reassuring and warm smile of Alice Reynolds. "Come on in, William is waiting for you in the living room." Alice informed her quietly, stepping to one side. Elizabeth took a deep breath and stepped inside the house. She watched as Alice closed the door behind her and led her through to the living room where she met the gaze of her employer. It was clear from the photograph she had seen of Mia at her interview, who the little girl looked like. William Darcy was a tall man, at least a head taller than Elizabeth. With matching dark brown curly hair and eyes just like she had seen in the photograph of Mia. He smiled warmly at her, slowly walking towards her as if welcoming her to his home. Elizabeth returned his smile nervously, her eyes trailing over him and noting how he could wear shirt and trousers in such a casual manner. "Hello, I'm William Darcy. You must be Elizabeth Bennet?" he asked, holding out his hand. "I am." Elizabeth confirmed in reply and shook his hand lightly. She couldn't help but notice how soft his hand was. She had never known a man's hand could be that soft. Her father's had always been covered in flour and ingredients from his time at the bakery. "Thank you, Alice, for showing her in." William said, acknowledging his housekeeper. "Shall I bring you both a cup of tea?" Alice asked. She met William's gaze, noting the softness in his voice as he asked her if she'd like a drink. Elizabeth nervously squeaked out a 'yes please' before following William Darcy to the sofa and took a seat. "Today we'll be going over the contract and discussing any details in there. I thought it would be best to meet you in person and then you could meet Mia before we decide on an official start date. Nothing to worry about." William informed her. "I thought as much. From what Alice told me, Mia seems like a delightful girl." Elizabeth said brightly. She watched as he smiled fondly and nodded his agreement. "She is. But I'm a bit biased." William admitted with a chuckle. "You're her father, of course you are." Elizabeth replied. "Do you have any questions?" Will asked. So, Elizabeth asked him the questions she wanted to ask, and William answered each one, putting her mind and nerves at ease at the prospect of starting anew. While she had experienced excitement at being offered a job, it also had made her nervous and scared. It wasn't like she'd had a choice in having to start again, David had made that decision for the both of them. But in two weeks since she had left her life in London, she had already managed to find herself a job and that was an accomplishment. The more she chatted to William, the more she felt relaxed that this was going to be just what she needed. He seemed to like him more each second that passed as they talked. One thing she could tell, was that he was a devoted father from the way he spoke about his daughter. As they finished talking about the details of the contract, William checked his watch. "Would you like to come with me to collect Mia from school? She has a half day today due to staff training. That way, you can see where her school is and we can inform the staff who you are so they know that you'll be the one collecting her from your start date." William suggested. Elizabeth took a mouthful of her tea that Alice had brought in for the two of them and swallowed. "Yes, I think that would be nice." She replied. They talked some more about the job role, about Mia a little bit more and what she liked and what she didn't like. And then it was time that William looked at his watch and the two of them left the house and began walking the short distance to the school that Mia attended. She listened to William tell her about the school, why he had chosen it for his daughter. She was surprised to learn that the school wasn't a private one. If one thing was clear, William Darcy could afford to send his child to a private school if he wanted to. "Public schools are quite good, I rather liked the ones I attended." Elizabeth mused. "Private education is an advantage, don't get me wrong," William said, "I went to private schools during my childhood but it was always important to my late wife that Mia attend a public school for her primary education. Natalie believed public schools funded by the government would give Mia more life changing experiences and more experience with the real world. She would mix with children not from the same background as her, Natalie thought it would make Mia more appreciative of the world and others." "Does Mia remember her mother?" Elizabeth asked. William smiled sadly and shook his head. "No, she was rather young when Natalie died. But she asks questions about her mother and she has a lot of pictures that she likes to look at." He replied. Elizabeth noted the look of sadness in William's eyes at the brief talk about his wife. It was clear from the look in his eyes that he had felt the loss of someone he loved deeply and she found herself feeling a little strange. Although she hadn't been widowed, she had still lost her husband because David was seeking a divorce. And while she felt devastated that her marriage had ended, she had silently decided the minute that she had to swallow her pride and ask her father to come home, that perhaps it was for the best. The David that she had been madly in love with five years ago wasn't the man she was divorcing. She had loved David once and over the last few weeks, since she had swallowed her pride and called her dad asking to move back home, that her love for her husband which had once been which had burned so brightly like a flame, was slowly fading away. Now she was determined to make her fresh start and figure out who she was as a person instead of being someone's wife and putting their needs ahead of her own for once. It was a loss, but a loss which allowed her to close that chapter of her life. Being widowed like William Darcy was, it wasn't as if he had a choice when it came to his loss. But neither did she. "I'm sorry that you both had to lose someone you loved." Elizabeth said sadly. "Thank you." William replied softly. They carried on walking, crossing the road and turning corners until they eventually came to the school that Mia attended. Walking through the open gates to the main entrance, they pressed the buzzer before pulling open the front door and stepping inside. Elizabeth noted the look of the school reception, filled with bright coloured noticeboards which informed parents of upcoming school events and reminders of school policies. On one noticeboard there were pictures of staff members whilst another informed visitors of the school's ethics and values and how those were achieved. She was handed over paperwork which she quickly filled in as the receptionist went off to go and collect Mia from her classroom. Minutes later and the paperwork filled out and signed, Elizabeth handed it back over to the receptionist as she saw the little girl staring at her curiously for the first time. Her heart pounded with nerves as she waited to be introduced. "Mia, this is Elizabeth, she's going to be looking after you when I'm at work." William said warmly. As Elizabeth bent down to Mia's level, she held out her hand and the little girl instantly shook it with a welcoming grin. Her heart rate slowed as she suddenly felt that this was definitely the fresh start that she needed. ooOoo Jane sat in the small little office space at the back of the bakery, her fingers tapping away fast as she typed up the following months staff rotas. Her eyes kept darting back to the filled in diary, taking into account who on the payroll had requested certain time off and then back to the computer screen to ensure she could honour everyone's requests. As she pressed the save button, Charlotte came rushing into the office, wearing a flour covered apron and looking stressed. "Jane…I wouldn't normally ask…but can you cover out front? Massive queue build up…" Charlotte panted. Pushing her chair away from the desk, Jane gave Charlotte a warm and reassuring smile and left the office. She pulled an apron off the coat rack and tied it around her waist before stepping out on to the front counter. Charlotte had been right, the queue had built up back to the front door of the bakery and all the tables were filled with customers eating their pastries and sandwiches on the dining area. She took a position behind the till and started to serve the customers, instructing her staff members to prepare the orders while she served and another staff member took orders on another till. Slowly, the queue began to reduce and the pace of the staff wasn't as manic as it had been when she had first stepped out onto the front counter. All of a sudden, she was greeted by a friendly smile, bright blue eyes and bright red hair. "I'm sorry, I didn't quite catch what you said?" Jane said politely and apologetically. "I was asking if you had a cloth I could wipe a table with?" the man repeated, still smiling and gesturing to an empty table. "Oh…I'll be over in a minute…" Jane mumbled. "Let me, you're busy on your feet." The man smiled. "You really don't have to do that…" But the man smiled widely at her, leaning over the till and picked up a cloth in his hand and walked over to the table he had gestured to. Jane moved from the till and out to the dining area, standing in front of the man as he wiped over the table and handed her the cloth back. "I would have cleaned that for you." Jane said politely. "It's no trouble, I can see you're rushed off your feet." "Well…thanks…I guess…" The man continued to smile at her. Jane stared back and felt herself returning his smile, feeling her heart skip a beat as the man held his hand out to her. "I'm Charles." The man said softly. She shook his hand. "Jane." She replied. But before they could have more of a conversation, the man's mobile phone began to ring. Charles sighed and pulled it out, making a grim face as he stared at the screen. "I have to go, but it was nice meeting you, Jane." Charles smiled brightly. She watched as if in a haze as this kind stranger left the bakery and turned left on the street outside. When she came out of the haze a moment later, she noticed the busy queue was now non-existent and went back to the office to finish her paperwork; wondering just how a stranger, a thoughtful stranger it seemed, could have that type of effect on her in a few brief moments their eyes had met
A/N: Thank you all for your well wishes, it is truly appreciated! Enjoy the next chapter, I hope to update again in the next few weeks. Chapter Five For her first day on her new job, Elizabeth surprisingly didn't feel nervous as she knocked on the door to the Darcy's house. She rapped her closed fist gently on the front door, returning the welcoming smile that greeted her as it opened. Mia was already dressed in her school uniform, a grey pinafore over a white polo and a navy blue cardigan matched by navy knee high socks. "Morning Elizabeth." Mia greeted happily. "Good morning Mia. Are you ready for school?" Elizabeth asked, stepping inside the house and closing the door behind her. "Almost. Can you plait my hair for me please?" Mia asked. "Of course." The two walked into the living room and 8sat on the sofa, with Mia passing Elizabeth the hair brush and facing away from her. "Would you like a normal plait or I can French plait if you like?" Elizabeth asked. "Just a normal please." Mia replied happily. Elizabeth began to brush through the eight-year-old's hair, trying to brush so delicately through the curls in fear of brushing it too hard that it hurt. Mia sat completely still, as if she were a statue. "You can brush a little harder, it won't hurt." Mia said reassuringly. "Okay." She brushed through the curly hair a little harder, holding the curls in her spare hand as she brushed the knots out of it. She admired the soft texture to Mia's hair, like something silky and delicate. "You've got lovely hair." Elizabeth complimented softly. "Thanks," Mia replied brightly, "I get it from my dad." "You look a lot like him." Elizabeth agreed. "Who do you look most like?" Mia asked. "Well I take after my dad just like you. But my older sister looks like my mum and my younger sister got my mums eyes but my dad's wavy hair." Elizabeth replied. "You have two sisters? You're lucky." "I suppose I am." "I don't have any brothers or sisters, what's it like?" Mia asked. Elizabeth chuckled slightly as she finished plaiting the little girl's hair and tied it off at the end with a hairband. "There is a bit of an age gap between the three of us. There is four years between me and Jane, my older sister and my younger sister Lydia is four years younger than me. So, we didn't always get along but now we're grown up, we look out for each other. And help each other." Elizabeth explained. "Did you ever fight?" Mia asked curiously, turning around to face her. Elizabeth nodded and laughed. "All the time. We used to hide each other's things and borrow without asking. We called each other names and teased each other. But we always made up after each silly little fight." She replied. "My dad has a sister, my auntie Georgie. She's ten years younger than my dad." Mia stated proudly. "You have a lot of people that love you, I think you're lucky too." Elizabeth smiled. Mia nodded in agreement and returned Elizabeth's smile. As Elizabeth checked her watch for the time, she instructed Mia to get her lunchbox and her bookbag before making a quick goodbye hug for Alice and headed out the front door. They walked up the road side-by-side, with the two discussing the days routine. "What are we doing after school?" Mia asked. "What would you like to do?" Mia chewed on her lip for a moment before replying. "Well I don't have ballet class until tomorrow...maybe we could go to the park by the community centre?" Elizabeth smiled, "So that's what we'll do and then we have to get you home for homework and dinner." She said. "I don't get homework on Mondays." Mia informed her. "Okay...do you have chores to do?" Elizabeth asked. Mia nodded and pulled a face which made Elizabeth laugh a little. It reminded her of a time when she used to hate doing her chores as a child. "Not a fan eh?" Elizabeth chuckled. "No. But my dad says I have to do them if I want my pocket money." Mia sighed. "What chores do you have to do?" Elizabeth asked. "Dad doesn't pay for me to make my bed, put my dirty clothes in the wash basket, tidy my room and put my plate and cups in the sink. Anything extra like putting the recycling in the green bin or helping Alice with the laundry when she pulls it out of the dryer he says I earn pocket money. He tells me I also earn it for good behaviour and doing my homework." Mia replied. "It's a good thing that you help out round the house, it teaches you responsibility." "I know. Dad says he wants me to learn these things, it's what my mum wanted too." Elizabeth looked down both ways of the street before the two of them crossed the road to continue their journey to Mia's school. "Is there anything that you wanted to learn as an after school hobby?" Mia looked deep in thought for a few minutes as they continued walking up the road until she looked up at Elizabeth and smiled. "Maybe we could have a look at the notices in the community centre?" "That's what we'll do." Elizabeth agreed, smiling in return. Finally, they reached the school and headed into the reception to sign Mia in. Once Elizabeth scrawled her signature into the book, she turned to Mia. "I'll see you at three o'clock then. Have a good day Mia." "Have a good day Elizabeth." Mia said. Watching her charge walk down the colourful corridors of the school, Elizabeth left the school feeling like this couldn't have been a more successful start to her first day as a childminder to Mia Darcy. ooOoo "We need a night out." Jane finished drying the plate and placed it in the cupboard before turning to face her youngest sister with an eyebrow raised. "Lydi, you're a student. The whole point of being a student is letting your hair down and having fun. Besides, haven't you just gone out with Kit and Mary?" she questioned. She ignored the roll of her sister's eyes and pulled herself up to sit on the kitchen side. Lydia copied her actions, pulling herself up on to the opposite counter on the other side of the kitchen. "I do get out a lot, that's true. But I haven't had a night out with you and Lizzy since she was last visiting with David. It'll be good, the three of us out having a few drinks and letting our hair down." Lydia answered. As if a night out was as easy as Lydia implied it was. "Lydi, I would love to-" "I've already asked Dad to babysit for a few hours. He said he'd love to." Lydia interrupted. "And I appreciate it but-" "Jane, you're twenty-nine, you're not exactly a pensioner who's getting a hip replaced. You need to take care of yourself now and again. Having a few drinks for a few hours with your sisters is hardly going out on an all-nighter and venturing to the nearest greasy spoon for a fry-up as a hangover cure the next morning." Lydia reminded. Jane let out a heavy sigh and rubbed her temple with her fingers. She hadn't had a night out or a few hours to enjoy herself in a very long time. Between her responsibilities at the bakery and looking after the twins, alongside Lucy's additional needs, she hardly had any time to read or shop for herself. "I'll think about it, okay?" Jane offered. Lydia smiled and shook her head. "No. This is happening. On Saturday. Dad will be here at seven to look after the twins." "Lydia!" "We all agree, you need a night off. You're not just a mum-" "You can hardly say that! I am a mum. My children come first! Everything that I do is for Peter and Lucy. And sometimes that doesn't even feel like it's enough!" Jane exclaimed. Lydia jumped a little at the unexpectedness of Jane's outburst and smiled sadly. "You're a brilliant mum, Jane. You know that we all think that. There is nothing that you wouldn't do for your kids. And everything you do is more than enough." Her sister said reassuringly. "Doesn't feel like it. I already feel guilty enough because their dad fucked off, I'm struggling to make sure that Lucy gets into a school that can meet her needs, I'm struggling to get the extra help she needs. And then there's the community paediatrician giving me a prescription for melatonin to help Lucy sleep better and the leaflets to a local charity which can offer her respite care occasionally. How do you think that makes me feel as a mother? That I have to drug my child because she doesn't sleep like a child her age should and looking into dumping her so I can have a break from my own child?!" Jane ranted, tears falling down her cheeks. Lydia jumped off the kitchen counter and walked over to her, wiping away the tears. "You aren't a failure because the community paediatrician decided to try Lucy on a treatment to try and help you all sleep better. It's not your fault that she's had her epilepsy medication upped to help reduce her seizures and it's not your fault that George walked out on them. Let's face it, he wasn't much of a father to them in the beginning anyway. As for the leaflet on respite care, the paediatrician suggested it as a way for you and Peter to live somewhat normal lives because caring for Lucy is a twenty-four hour, seven days a week job. And nobody could do it better than you." "I just don't know if what I'm doing is enough, Lydia. I feel horrible for even looking at having someone else care for her." Jane whispered in fright, sniffing deeply. "You are doing enough. More than enough. You do what you can and more for them. I think respite would be great for all of you. Go and meet with them if you're unsure, see for yourself what they offer and how they would look after Lucy and then you can make a decision. She'll be able to have experiences targeted at children who are at her ability level and you and Peter can have weekends away or day trips somewhere. As for the extra help you need, you have us to come with you and fight your corner if someone denies you the help that Lucy needs." Lydia reassured her. Jane sniffed again and smiled gratefully at her sister. It was times like this when she needed someone to boost her confidence when she felt that she wasn't doing enough. And she knew that not everyone in her life could give her that, but the ones who could reminded her that she had to be strong for her children. "So…a few drinks for a few hours on Saturday? I think it would really do you some good." Lydia said gently. Jane nodded in agreement. "Just a few hours." She muttered. "Just a few hours." Lydia agreed. Checking her watch, Jane jumped off the kitchen side. "Time to get the twins from preschool, you coming?" she asked. Lydia smiled. "I wouldn't miss an afternoon with my niece and nephew." Her sister replied. Grabbing their belongings, Jane locked up the house and they left to collect the twins from preschool, talking more about their upcoming first night out as sisters in a long time. ooOoo Between the hours of nine in the morning and three in the afternoon, Elizabeth had surely kept herself busy. The first thing she had done after dropping Mia to school was return to the Darcy residence where Alice made her a cup of tea and reassured her that she would do a grand job looking after Mia. Once the tea was finished, she familiarised herself with the medication Mia took for epilepsy and made her way into the town to put a prescription request in at the Darcy's doctor's surgery. After that she walked to the pharmacy that Alice had told her to go to and collected Mia's ready prescription and placed it in her bag. By the time her medication errands were completed it was already nearing lunchtime. She returned once more to the house where Alice made her some lunch despite having bought herself a pasta pot from Tesco Express on her way to work that morning. In the afternoon she made up a weekly calendar on both her phone and one she could keep in her bag just so she could keep track of what she and Mia would do together outside of school hours and her tasks whilst Mia was in school. An hour before she was due to collect Mia from school she took a quick walk to get to know the local area surrounding where Mia lived so she knew what they could access locally until she could save up and afford a car to take Mia to the other side of town to do activities. She found that there was a local library on a ten minute walk from the Darcy residence to which she made the mental note of taking Mia along there sometime. The library offered not only reading hour for children twice a week but did school holiday activities for free such as Lego building workshops, arts and crafts workshops and poetry and creative writing clubs for children of certain ages. Elizabeth felt herself looking forward to spending more time with Mia with the summer holidays only a matter of weeks away. At three o'clock Elizabeth waited outside the reception area and watched as class-by-class, teachers were seeing the children out safely to their parents. Eventually, Mia came running over to her and surprised Elizabeth by giving her a tight hug. It only made Elizabeth ever the more determined to make this opportunity work. "How was your day?" Elizabeth asked brightly. The two began to walk in the direction of the community centre. "It was good. We're doing The Tudors as our history topic at the moment. Is it a bad thing that Henry VIII had six wives?" Mia asked curiously. Elizabeth laughed. "I suppose it depends on what you personally think on the topic." She replied with a smile. "I don't get it. He really wanted a boy and he got one. Why did he need to marry so many times? My Uncle Charlie has a sister who says marriage and divorce is for failures. So…was Henry VIII a failure?" Ah. Uncle Charlie's sister sounded really delightful! Elizabeth paused for a few moments, thinking about her own situation. For five years she had been married. Giving up her own wants, dreams and desires to support David through his dreams and desires. She had loved him once. And now she was on the verge of being divorced. The more time she spent apart from her estranged husband she was gaining some clarity. Over five years, David had changed from the person she had fallen in love with to someone she now no longer recognised. She missed the person who he had been. Or maybe he was just hiding who he really was all along? Those were questions she supposed would be answered when she had fully moved on from her husband. "Elizabeth?" Coming out of her line of thought, she blinked. "Sorry Mia. Just because people get married and sometimes get divorced doesn't mean that they're a failure. As to Henry VIII, we can only guess. Neither of us were there when it happened and we can only assume. I think he wanted to be love and be loved. And as for wanting a boy, yes he had one. But back in those times children were lucky to live a long time." Elizabeth explained. "I guess. My teacher said people back in olden times had lots of children to pass on kingdoms because they died young." Mia said. Without saying anymore on the subject, they reached the park and the community centre. ooOoo Later that evening when their trip to the park and community centre had finished, Elizabeth and Mia returned to the house where Mia ate her dinner and Elizabeth went through Mia's bookbag to look through the paperwork the school had sent home. There was a letter about an upcoming school trip for Mia's class to a local Tudor museum which detailed the cost of the trip and the requirements of the trip and a letter notifying parents about headlice and a change to the hot school meals menu for Friday. Elizabeth pinned the letters on the fridge for William to see when he got in from work that evening. Once Mia had finished her dinner, Elizabeth helped her tidy her bedroom, read a book to Mia before running a bath for her. Alice had informed her that Mia preferred privacy when taking a bath but needed someone to sit in the doorway just in case of a seizure. Whilst William had installed an alarm and cord for Mia to pull if she felt unwell in the bath, the poor girl still needed someone who could get to her quickly should she have a seizure whilst bathing. After the bath, Mia dried and dressed herself ready for bed. It was as Elizabeth was putting Mia to bed for the night that William had returned home. "Hello you two, how was your day?" William asked. "It was good dad! Elizabeth took me to the park and the community centre. We picked up some leaflets about some classes I might try out!" Mia replied excitedly. "What classes?" "Well…maybe tap or modern dance and continue ballet. I quite like the sound of karate…and maybe trampolining or gymnastics." "It sounds like you'll both be kept busy." William mused. Mia nodded and yawned loudly. Elizabeth watched as William kissed his daughter tenderly on the forehead before the two of them got up from where they sat on Mia's bed. "Goodnight dad, I love you millions." Mia said sleepily. "And I love you a million times more." Will whispered. With that, the two adults left the bedroom and closed the door quietly behind them and walked downstairs together. "How was your first day?" William asked. "I really enjoyed it. Mia is a delight." Elizabeth replied honestly. "Good. I'm glad you've both got off to a good start." "Thank you again, this is just the opportunity that I needed." William smiled at her genuinely. "All I ask is that you care for my daughter like you would your own child. Mia is my world." He said softly. "I will take the very best care of her," Elizabeth said reassuringly, "If one thing is apparent from my short time with Mia, you both have an unbreakable bond." William nodded his thanks as Elizabeth collected her belongings. "I'll see you tomorrow, Elizabeth. Do you need me to call you a taxi?" he offered. "My dad is picking me up, he should be here soon." Elizabeth replied. "Stay safe and have a good evening." Returning the sentiments, Elizabeth said her goodbyes to William and Alice and left the Darcy residence, already looking forward to her next day of work.
A/N: Thank you for your reviews on the last chapter, your words give me encouragement when you point out particular parts of a chapter that you may like (or dislike). I hope to update again before the month is out but it's the summer holidays (And keeping two school-age kids and a toddler amused on top of a fourth-month-old is hard) so my apologies in advance if chapter seven comes in early September. Enjoy! Chapter Six At thirty-two years of age, Charles Bingley was starting to feel that his life was finally falling into place. He had just bought himself a big house with three bedrooms, a large garden, two reception rooms, separate utility, two bathrooms and a two-car driveway in the little town of Meryton, where it just so happened his best friend and his goddaughter resided. Granted, he wasn't as well off as William Darcy was nor would he ever be, but after receiving his share of his mother's life insurance policy pay-out five years ago, he decided to use the money in property. During the week he worked as a financial advisor for a bank and on the weekends he would go to auctions to look at potential properties that were up for auction. These houses were usually way below average market value due to age or damage but he knew potential when he saw it. When he would successfully bid on a property, he would buy it, fix it up, add value to the property and then sell it on for a profit. Renovating properties had become a hobby and a passion for Charles, but now he wanted to settle down in a place of his own. He was at an age where he finally wanted to meet someone, fall in love and start a family. Of course, Charles had his share of relationships, the longest one had lasted just a little over three years. But now it was different. He wanted permanence. If there was one thing that he truly craved in life, it was wanting a bond with someone like he witnessed his best friend have with Mia. Charles had been best friends with William Darcy since they were boys, having met at preschool at the age of three. They had attended the same school, even attended the same university, he had been the best man at William and Natalie's wedding. He had been chosen to be the godfather to their little girl and he doted on Mia as if she were his own daughter. When Natalie had died, he had been there to support his best friend and goddaughter. But it also reminded him that he didn't have what William had. And whilst he didn't envy his best friend for having an unbreakable bond with his child, Charles couldn't lie that he wanted the same. A week ago he experienced what he could only describe as an electrical exchange. An attraction. A little connection if you will. He had been walking through the local high street trying to get to know the new community that he would be living in permanently when he had stopped by a bakery to get something to eat. It had been quite crowded but the girl who had served him had been quite friendly when he had placed his order and when he had spotted an empty table he could sit at, he had taken the chance, only to find that the previous occupant had left it rather sticky. He had made the decision to go back to the counter to ask the girl who had served him for a cloth, only to find someone else in her place. A woman with the blondest hair he had ever seen and the brightest blue eyes which reminded him of sapphires. Jane. He had gone back to the bakery in hopes of seeing her again only to find that she didn't work in the bakery on a regular basis. Other than hoping to have another chance encounter with the beautiful blonde he had only met briefly, living in the same town as his best friend was another positive note. In the week that he had been permanently living in Meryton he had yet to stop by the Darcy's to spend time with Will and Mia. Charles had called Will to make arrangements to meet up for a few pints and his best friend had made the suggestion that he come over on Saturday to see Mia for a little while before they headed out together. It was a balmy June evening when Charles knocked eagerly on the front door. He was greeted with the big toothy grin that he hadn't seen for a while. A mass of curly brown hair and excitable eyes, he knelt down as his goddaughter flung her arms around his neck. "Uncle Charlie!" Mia greeted happily. "I've missed you Mia." Charles laughed, ruffling a hand through her hair. Letting go of the little girl, he kicked the door to a close behind him and shook his best friends hand and greeted Will with a smile. William led him and Mia through to the living room and they sat down, catching up on Mia's achievements at school and her new relationship forming with the new childminder that William had hired. Then they moved on to catching up on William's life, which was pretty much the same as usual. After colouring a picture with Mia, he waited patiently for William to put his daughter to bed and then came downstairs to have a quick drink before they headed out for the evening. "She's still a good kid," Charles mused happily, "I'm debating in my mind if she'll have a rebellious streak." William laughed and handed him a glass of cider which Alice had brought in moments ago. "I'm sure she will. She has to take after Natalie in something." His best friend stated. "Didn't Natalie dance when she was Mia's age?" William nodded. "That's why I encourage Mia to do ballet. My girl is talented, much like her mother was." "At least she inherited the dancing talent from her mother. Did you ever get to the bottom of Natalie's rebellious streak?" Charles asked curiously. William shrugged but smiled. "She was an only child and her parents worked full-time. They sent her off to boarding school. It was most likely a typical teenager wanting some attention from her parents." "True. I suppose it's a comfort that Mia is your entire focus so you may not need to worry about a rebellious streak when she hits her teens." "I sometimes wonder if she needs a mother figure." William admitted. This surprised Charles. In the last six years, his best friend had not once mentioned the thought of dating or looking to have a relationship. Maybe Darcy was now starting to feel it was the right time to pursue something. "Will, you shouldn't think about it like that. You should think about if it's something that you both want." Charles advised. The two took a mouthful of their ciders and placed the glasses on the coffee table. "Mia wants me to be happy. When we were holding interviews for a childminder she expressed that she wanted the childminder to make the both of us happy." Will replied. "Your kid is the best. I wouldn't mind a child of my own like Mia." Charles said affectionately. Will raised an eyebrow. "Do you have someone in mind?" his best friend asked. Charles felt the temperature rise in his face so much that he tugged at his collar and looked briefly away before seeing the smirk on his best friend's face. "Not really…but there's this woman I met at this lovely little bakery in town…I only met her once but it seemed like there was…I don't know…a connection or something…that makes me sound mad." Charles stammered. Will shook his head with an amused chuckle. "You don't sound mad mate. Well…I suppose a little…so what's her name?" "Jane. She was the most beautiful woman I've ever seen-" "Don't let your sister hear you say that. You might have to start hiding apples in fear of them being poisoned." Will joked. Charles rolled his eyes. The subject of Caroline was one they preferred not to talk much about. "My sister isn't that bad Darcy-" "I disagree." "She's still my sister, despite her…um…" "Shortcomings?" Will suggested amusingly. Charles rolled his eyes. "Anyway…she doesn't work at the bakery often from what I'm told. Which means she's either an agency worker or she has one of those zero hours contacts and only does cover shifts. So the chances of me seeing her again at the bakery are slim." He said glumly. "Maybe you could leave her a note with your number, expressing that you'd be interested in taking her out sometime?" Charles shook his head. "I'd look like some kind of stalker! I only met the woman once!" he protested. "But if she left such an impression on you, isn't it worth taking a risk?" Will questioned. Knowing his best friend had a point, but didn't want to debate the pros and cons of asking out a stranger, he stood from his seat. "Come on, we need to get to the bar if we're having this night out." Charles encouraged. With nothing more to say on the subject, Alice shooed them out of the house whilst stating that she would take care of Mia and the two best friends left the house; ready for their night out. ooOoo The air was filled with a gentle breeze with the sky turning a mid-blue as the three sisters scrambled out of the taxi. The car pulled away and the three sisters entered the bar. Inside it wasn't overly crowded yet not a bad start to a Saturday night. "Jane, put the phone away, Dad isn't going to call or text every two seconds." Lydia said quietly. Elizabeth watched as her older sister rolled her eyes but Jane put the phone back into her bag, despite still looking a little on edge. She knew that her older sister was struggling with her guilt at having a few hours to herself. But it was just what the three of them needed. Lydia was merely weeks away from officially graduating from university and was in the middle of moving out of student housing, juggling shifts at the restaurant and applying for graduate jobs, Jane had a stressful life with the twins and her responsibilities with the bakery. And she needed to celebrate her start as a childminder and put all thoughts of her pending divorce out of her mind temporarily. "There's a table over in the corner Lizzy." Lydia observed, pointing behind Elizabeth. As she turned to make her way over in the direction that Lydia had pointed to, she collided with a tall man. "Ow." Elizabeth groaned, massaging her forehead. "I'm sorry, are you okay?" the man asked. She knew that voice. Not well, but she recognised it. Looking up she smiled weakly at her employer. "I'm fine, sorry, I wasn't looking where I was going." Elizabeth apologised. "No, it's my fault. Being tall I sometimes forget to look down." William joked. She laughed a little, without really finding it funny but felt at ease. "Night out?" Elizabeth asked. "Celebrating having my best friend move to town," William said brightly, gesturing to the redheaded man on his left, "Charles this is Elizabeth, my childminder." Elizabeth shook hands with the other man and introduced her two sisters. She smirked when she noticed Jane blush a tinted red as Charles declared that he and Jane had already met. It was something she hadn't seen her sister do in a very long time, she had suddenly gone quite shy. "Come on, let's grab that table before someone else takes it," Lydia interrupted, "William, Charles, would you like to join us?" "Call me Will, and we'd love to." William replied softly. The five walked through the bar and got to the table with Elizabeth offering to get the first round and Will offering to help her bring the drinks over. "Your friend seems nice." Elizabeth commented, looking over to the table where Jane, Lydia and Charles were talking. "He's been my best friend since the age of three. There isn't another man on this earth who I would trust more than Charles Bingley." Will stated fondly. "How long has he been living in Meryton?" she asked. "Charles moved here last week, he wants to put down some roots." Will replied. "I assume he also goes by 'Uncle Charlie' too?" Will chuckled but nodded his confirmation. "Yes, he's Mia' s godfather. She's always called him that. I take it she mentioned him?" "A few times, she's lucky to have so many people who care for her." "She is," Will agreed brightly, "I hope that you'll be included in that category." Elizabeth smiled warmly, feeling touched that he would want her to be close to his daughter and care for her just like others did. Turning her attention to the bartender, she and Will placed the group's order and then carried the drinks back to their table. They each chatted a little about themselves but Jane was mostly quiet and deflected when asked about herself. Elizabeth couldn't help but smirk whenever she looked in Jane or Charles' direction and noticed that they always seemed to be looking at one another. "So…Charles…you've already met my sister?" Elizabeth asked. Charles took a mouthful of his pint and nodded. "Yes, I met her whilst she was working at this lovely little bakery but I've found she doesn't work there often." He replied, blushing slightly. "Oh I agree, it is a lovely little bakery." Elizabeth said quietly, returning her attention to her finished glass of wine. Just as Will starting asking questions about the bakery, Lydia rushed off after excitedly shouting a friend's name. Elizabeth turned and saw her younger sister hugging their childhood friend and neighbour, Martin Denny, before rushing off into the now busy crowd and disappeared out of sight. Standing up, Elizabeth headed to the bar to order herself another drink, only to be joined by Will once more. "I thought I'd give Charles and your sister some privacy. I think he wants to have a conversation with her since all he's been talking about was hoping to meet her again." Will said quietly. She didn't fail to notice the smirk on his face. "I think Jane wanted the same. I haven't seen her this shy in a long time!" Elizabeth laughed. The pair looked over to the table where Jane and Charles were now sat together and conversing quite comfortably together. Elizabeth noted how at ease her sister seemed to be, her shyness from earlier had vanished. She had to give her sister some credit. She knew that Jane had been anxious about having a few hours to herself and not worrying about the twins and she guessed it had been hard for her sister not to look at the phone constantly to see if their dad needed Jane at home in case Lucy had a seizure and required hospital treatment. But watching Jane have a conversation with someone she had just met and look like she was enjoying herself, it was an amazing achievement when Jane had been a single parent for the last two years and faced daily challenges. "Shall we sit here for a little while? Give them a little longer?" Will suggested quietly. Elizabeth nodded and the two pulled out the two empty bar stools they stood in front of and sat down. The bar was beginning to fill up and the DJ had started playing some music on the other side of the bar. She looked through the crowd, catching a glimpse of Lydia dancing with Denny and a group of his friends. "Your younger sister's boyfriend?" Will inquired. "A childhood friend. She hasn't seen him for a while but she used to talk about him non-stop before he moved away for university." Elizabeth replied with a smile. "I remember being that age." He mused. "I do too." Elizabeth sighed sadly. She watched as Denny and Lydia danced to the music, their eyes glued to each other's filled with that warm flirty look that Elizabeth hadn't felt in five years. Seeing her sister like that made her remember herself being younger and falling in love with David. So much for temporarily putting her pending divorce out of her mind. Unfortunately, her sad expression and being momentarily lost in thought didn't go unnoticed by her boss. "Elizabeth? Are you okay?" Will asked, his voice full of concern. "Yeah…just remembering…I'm fine…" Elizabeth replied. "Are you sure? You seem upset." Will noted. "I'll be fine." Elizabeth said encouragingly. Will placed their order with the bartender, gesturing to Elizabeth to put her money away as he handed over a handful of coins to the bartender. In a few moments of silence and more observing of Lydia dancing with Denny, he smiled sadly. "You told Alice that you were starting over and wanted something that gave you purpose. I assume you're fresh start is because of a relationship breakdown?" he asked quietly. Elizabeth, surprised at his quick understanding of her line of thought, didn't see the need to lie. She thanked the bartender for handing her a drink and nodded stiffly. "I'm sorry. Was it a long relationship?" "A marriage of five years. We met when I was in my second year of university and married quickly. Now I'm a twenty-five-year-old woman living back with her parents with nothing to my name and nothing of the last five years to show of my life." "Oh…I'm sorry…" Will mumbled. "Thank you. I'll be fine. I'm ready to start anew and I can't thank you enough for giving me the job of looking after Mia. My first week has been…amazing…I can't ever remember having a better week…" Elizabeth gushed. Will smiled at squeezed her hand gently and supportively. "Elizabeth, I'm really pleased you feel that way. But I hope you don't just come to think of me as your employer. In time, I hope you come to think of us as…friends…I know it's only been a week but my daughter has already started to bond with you and that means the world to me…" "I'm sure we both will…in time…" With that, they ended talk on relationship breakdowns and employer and employee dynamic and talked more about their families. ooOoo "So, tell me something about yourself." Charles requested. He watched as the beautiful blonde sat next to him blush slightly. He got the impression that, by the way she averted her eyes from his to look around the bar and the way she slowly picked up her drink and anxiously bit at her straw as she took a sip, she didn't usually get asked about herself very often. Charles waited patiently, giving her an assuring smile as she placed her drink back on the table in front of them and turned her attention back to him. "What would you like to know?" Jane asked quietly. "I don't know…what do you do in your spare time?" A sad smile. At least, it resembled a sad smile as one formed on her delicate face. "I don't really get much spare time. Tonight is but a rare occasion." "Does working at a bakery take up all your time?" Charles asked curiously. "No…I actually co-own the bakery, I do all the paperwork side." Jane replied. "Wow…so you own your own business…how long?" "My father owned it before I did. But when I was twenty-two he signed half of it over to me and my business partner bought thirty percent from my father whilst he kept the other twenty percent for his own income. So…I've owned it for seven years and it's flexible for me…" "It's a lovely bakery, I'm particularly fond of the pasties." Charles complimented. "Baked fresh daily, Charlotte loves working in the kitchen." Jane said fondly. "Do you work in there often?" Jane shook her head. "No, I work from home mostly. I touch base with Charlotte in person once a week but mostly I email in, call or text about matters I've dealt with. I sort out payroll, tax returns, VAT, ordering, work schedules. It's quite boring when you think about it." she said nervously. "No it isn't," Charles assured her, "It's impressive and as a customer, I thoroughly enjoy the products that you produce there. Owning a business is an achievement and I'm sure that you're amazing at running the bakery, no matter whether it's the baking side or the paperwork side of running a business." Jane smiled at him gratefully, she seemed touched by his words. It was his own desire to make renovating properties a business venture one day, to be his own boss rather than continue his work as a financial advisor. "So what is it that you do?" she asked curiously. "I work full-time as a financial advisor but on the side I buy properties at auction, renovate and sell them on for a profit." Charles replied. "Wow. How long have you been renovating properties?" "Only in the last few years, it takes a big commitment and I do most of the work myself and occasionally I ask my father to pitch in with some building work, he used to be a handyman and worked part-time on building sites when he was getting a teaching degree." "So what work can you do yourself?" Jane asked, her eyes full of intrigue as she shifted her arm on to the table and rested her head on her closed fist, giving him her full attention. "My dad taught me to plaster, how to fit a bathroom and kitchen, to fit in walls and extend properties if needed. But other things like plumbing, heating, electrics. I haven't ever tried a loft conversion before but I have an old childhood friend whose business specialises in loft conversions so he did the job for me once." Charles replied, smiling at her. "How many properties have you renovated?" "I've only done three in the last five years, I'm currently on my fourth but it's in the early days of the project. One day, I hope to make it a business venture, property renovation is a hobby I've found I quite enjoy and would love to pursue it as a passion and a job. But you still haven't answered my question." Jane raised an eyebrow. "I believe I already answered it with I don't really have much spare time." She smiled. "Not even for a coffee or dinner?" Charles asked boldly, his heart beating faster in his chest. He had hoped that he wasn't making assumptions. But for the past hour he had been sat at this little table in the corner with her, just the two of them alone. Her youngest sister had left them after seeing a friend in the crowd and had gone off with him and the other was chatting with Will at the bar where they had been sat for the majority of the hour. The connection he had felt the first time remained, in fact he was sure that after speaking some more to her, the connection had strengthened a little. Whatever it was, his gut was telling him that he wanted to see her again. But the smile on her face faded and she looked away. He frowned in confusion. "I'm sorry…I thought we were…" Charles stuttered, trying to apologise quickly. "No…it's not you…" Jane sighed, turning back to face him with a look of regret etched on her face, "You seem lovely and I would like more than anything to get to know you better…but I can't commit to anything when my life is just too hectic and probably will always be." Charles felt even more confused. "Surely running a business isn't a twenty-four hour job? Surely you must get time for yourself?" he asked quietly. Jane sighed heavily, it was evident that she was disappointed. "It's not the business that keeps me from having time to be myself. I have two very good reasons why I can't date." She muttered. "Which are?" Jane pulled out her phone and showed him her lock screen. As he stared down at the image, he noted just how the children in the picture were her very image. "I'm a single mother to twins and my life isn't a typical single parent life. It is so much more complicated. So much more stressful." She explained softly. He noted the pitch of pride in her voice. The tone of love as she spoke. But he also noted the tone of sadness. "Oh…they're beautiful kids…they look just like you…how old are they?" Charles asked. "They're four," Jane replied with a smile, "And I really should get back to them. I said I'd only be away for a few hours so I need to get back." He watched as she gathered her belongings and rose from the table but before she left, he took hold of her hand; trying to ignore the soft and silky skin as he held it gently. "Will you at least think about meeting me again?" Charles asked, "I'm great with kids, ask Darcy." Jane laughed slightly but didn't look away. "I'll think about it." she promised. Nodding and bidding her goodnight, Charles let go of her hand and watched as Jane Bennet waved goodbye to her sisters and disappeared into the night.
A/N: So here's chapter seven. Just a quick disclaimer: I know I usually research the hell out of details when it comes to my stories but given this is fiction, I'm going down the fictional route of divorce in this story. Usually in the UK, where my story is set, there are only a few guidelines when it comes to divorce. Also going off my parent's divorce (which ended after 18 years of marriage) theirs was finalised within 8 months. So, I'm not an expert when it comes to how to divorce a spouse, I'm not even married to my long-term partner. So, please bear this in mind when it comes to this chapter. Chapter Seven "Elizabeth would you like to stay for dinner? I've made a stir fry." Alice asked warmly. b It was nearly six-thirty on a Thursday night at the end of June, having been in her job for nearly a month. Her day had consisted of picking up the list requirements for Mia's upcoming school trip to Hampton Court Palace next week and observing Mia at her afterschool trampolining club that she had taken up last week. "Yeah! Stay for dinner Lizzy," Mia pleaded excitedly, "I love stir fry!" Will chuckled as he ruffled his daughter's hair. "You are welcome to eat with us. Alice's stir fry is a family favourite." He said. Elizabeth nodded her agreement, pulling out her phone to send her dad a text to tell him she'd be home a bit later than usual. The past week Will had left work earlier to be home long before it was time to tuck Mia into bed. Whilst it had meant a few earlier finishes, she had also gotten to see a lot more of the bond between Will and Mia and she found herself touched, as if her heart glowed whenever she witnessed the closeness that father and daughter shared. She felt so lucky that over the past month she had been accepted into their little unit. "I'd love to stay, thank you." She replied softly. Following the three into the dining room, she sat at the table and watched as Alice served up equal portions for the adults and a slightly smaller portion of stir fry for Mia. Will started off the conversation asking what everyone had been up to that day, making sure he took notice of every word said as the four ate their dinner. Elizabeth took the opportunity to ask Will shout his day in return, taking an interest in his work as a lawyer; even though he couldn't go into detail about his caseloads or clients due to confidentiality. Listening to the way he spoke about his work, Elizabeth could tell he loved his career. "This stir fry is delicious, Alice." Elizabeth complimented. "Thanks dear," Alice beamed, "It's an old family recipe." "Alice used to cook it when Daddy was my age." Mia informed her, taking a bite off her fork. "I did," Alice confirmed, "It was one of the meals I used to love to cook for my own husband and children." "Are they big fans as much as Will and Mia?" Elizabeth asked. "They were," Alice replied, "My children, James and Maggie, still ask for me to cook it whenever I spend time with them and their families. Sadly my husband Arthur died ten years ago." "Oh…I'm sorry…" "No apologies my dear, he lived a full and wonderful life." Alice said fondly. With that, Will decided to move the topic of Alice's deceased husband to telling Elizabeth fond memories of Alice and her family at his family home, how he had grown up with Alice's children and had come to think of them as cousins. As they continued to eat their dinner, Elizabeth couldn't stop herself from smiling at just how lucky she was to be working and getting to know a generous and thoughtful man like William Darcy. ooOoo Dinner had been eaten with chocolate ice-cream served for dessert. Will had kindly offered to give her a lift home after he had done Mia's bedtime routine. While Elizabeth waited in the living room, Alice brought her a freshly made cup of tea and the two women were watching Coronation Street just as they heard footsteps coming down the stairs. "I'm just going to unload the dishwasher." Alice announced cheerfully, getting up from her seat and exiting the room. Will entered the living room and sat next to Elizabeth on the sofa where Alice had sat only moments ago. "Mia's fast asleep, let me know when you're ready to go home." Will said. "Are you sure it's not too much trouble?" Elizabeth asked. "I'd rather you got home safely and I wouldn't have offered if it was too much trouble." Will replied. "Thanks." They sat watching the rest of Coronation Street when she heard him ask her something she hadn't expected him to ask. "So…what's the situation with your sister…if you don't mind me asking?" Her eyes diverted from the television to Will, an eyebrow raised. "Which sister? And are you asking for yourself?" she questioned. "No! not for me-" "My sisters are amazing, you'd be very lucky." Elizabeth teased. But Will had yet to catch her amused tone. "I'm sure I would…but after that weekend where we bumped into you at the bar…and Charles was a bit…deflated I guess when your sister Jane turned him down…" Ah. Charlie. The man that Jane had connected with and had turned him down on account of her life with the twins. Elizabeth understood her sister's decision. Contemplating going on a date with someone when she was a single mother was complicated. Add on the fact that one of her children had special needs would make dating rather more complicated. She also understood why Jane hadn't gone into detail about Lucy when she had told Charles about the twins. After everything that had happened with George, she could understand why her sister was hesitant about letting another man into her life. "It's not really my place but I know she likes your friend. She hasn't shut up about him for starters and she feels guilty for what happened." Elizabeth said softly. "I suppose I can understand…being a single parent and being asked out…it can be a little scary…" Will said quietly. "All my sister thinks about and does is look after her twins. My niece and nephew are the luckiest kids alive having a mum like her." Elizabeth replied. "I can relate. After my wife died and I became a single parent, I poured all of my focus into Mia. She got me through my grief." "Did you ever date anyone after your wife's death?" It was clear her question had taken him by surprise by the stunned expression on his face. Will cleared his throat with a sharp cough and shrugged his shoulders. "I went on a few dates and there was one woman that I was 'seeing' for about three months but it never developed into something serious. I hope there will be one day where I can meet another woman who can love my child as much as they'd love their own child." He explained. "I'm sorry, I shouldn't-" "No, it's fine," Will smiled reassuringly, "How about you?" "What do you mean?" "Would you want to start seeing someone?" "My divorce is still pending, I haven't even signed papers yet." Elizabeth reminded him. "So maybe not now or in the near future. But how about…I don't know…a year from now?" Will asked curiously. "I'm not really looking for that. When David told me that he wanted a divorce, I decided to move back home for a fresh start. That was five weeks ago and I'm starting to feel a little more positive about myself. I guess what I'm trying to say is…I want to focus on me for a change. I've got an amazing job which I absolutely enjoy and look forward to everyday, I'm slowly saving up for a deposit on my own place. Eventually I'll buy my own car but first I need to move out of my parent's house!" she said, adding a laugh at her last sentence. "I think it's great that you're putting yourself first. I take it that your marriage was an unhappy one?" he asked. "Not at first. It was quite a happy one. I loved David…at least I think I did. I was twenty, he was the first man that I ever thought about a future with. But like I said, we were married young and fast. When I finished university, our whole marriage was about David's career. David's future. David's opportunities. He expected me to run the house daily and do all the chores. I was only allowed a part-time job so that it didn't interfere with David's vision of our life. Towards the end of our marriage…there were a lot of…" Elizabeth paused "Arguments?" Will offered. "A lot. And pressures and tears. There was one subject that we couldn't work through together but I've come to realise recently that my marriage was purely about David and what I wanted or what I desired didn't matter." Elizabeth sighed. "I know this may sound horrible, but at least you got out of there. It sounds like your ex-husband is a selfish man." Will said softly. "He is." Elizabeth agreed quietly, looking away from him. That was something she had come to reflect on rather quickly. While she had known for a long time that her marriage was rocky, she had been willing to give counselling a try over the difficulties she and David faced. It pained her to learn that she would never be able to conceive and carry her own biological child and it was something that she was pushing to the back of her mind. Or at least trying to. Will cleared his throat and switched over the TV channel once Coronation Street finished and Elizabeth finished her cup of tea. "If you need any help with your divorce proceedings or help with the settlement of assets, I have some friends who specialise in family law. I can pull some strings if you want to put a firm close on that chapter of your life." He offered quietly. Elizabeth turned her head to look at him, frowning slightly at the surprising offer to help her through her divorce. It surprised her that he would be willing to do something like that for her. "I don't know what to say…" she said breathlessly. "Well…we're friends aren't we?" Will asked. "You're also my employer." Elizabeth reminded. "True. But you're off the clock now. We've been talking for the last half an hour as friends." He pointed out. "I just don't want a developing friendship with you to get complicated because of our working relationship." "So we set some boundaries," Will smiled with reassurance, "During the hours you care for Mia, we maintain a professional standard." "Do you think we can?" Elizabeth asked. "I do." Sharing a warm expression the two got up from their seats and left the house so Will could drop Elizabeth back home. ooOoo Charles stood in his new living room, proud of how much work he had accomplished in his week off work. He had taken a week off to be able to start decorating his new home. He had only been off for a few days and he had already decorated one of his spare bedrooms, his bedroom, the kitchen and today he had finished off the living room. He still had a lot of work to do, with the plans to start decorating the bathroom tomorrow. He'd also finally gotten around to setting up his internet and television service provider which meant he could now fully enjoy his new home after going backwards and forwards between his old rented flat in London and his new house in Meryton on his weekends. He was now officially living in his new house and he planned to enjoy it to the fullest. Another reason he was planning to keep so busy with decorating was to keep his mind off Jane Bennet. He hadn't seen her since the night he and Will ran into her and her sisters at the bar a few weeks ago and after she seemed to regretfully turn down him asking her out, he had decided to give her some space. She was a single mother to twins. Perhaps the hardest job of all raising two children by herself and it seemed like she genuinely regretted turning him down. But he understood. Her children had to be her priority and he had left the ball in her court as to whether or not she would change her mind. But he still felt his heart race in his chest whenever his thoughts drifted to her. He knew that he liked her. That there had been something between them. He really liked her but he didn't want to pressure her or stalk her like some persistent predator. Just as he sat down on his sofa he heard his front door knock. Rolling his eyes, he walked out into the downstairs hallway and opened his front door, being winded as a large leopard print suitcase was thrust into his chest. Charles pushed the door to a close and rested his blue eyes on the woman who had barged uninvited into his home. "Caroline, what are you doing here?" Charles groaned in frustration. His little sister flicked her loose red hair over her left shoulder. "Can't a little sister come and spend some time with her favourite brother?" Caroline asked. "Not when I didn't know you were coming!" Charles protested. Caroline glared at him. "Oh that's nice! You always know how to make someone feel special, Charles! I just wanted to spned some time with you for Christ's sake." Rolling his eyes at his sister's tantrum, he placed her suitcase on the floor. "You can stay for a few days! No longer!" Charles stated firmly. Caroline gave him a sweet smile and hugged him tightly. "You won't regret it, big brother." She whispered, her possessive eyes settling on the photograph on the side table of her brother, a baby girl with curly hair and William Darcy.
A/N: I can only apologise for the lack of updates! It's been nearly a month since chapter 7. All I can say is life is very busy when you have a 5 month old and three kids with ASD/ADHD/Chromosome disorders. But, on a positive note, all of kiddos are now back at school/pre-school and I have a bit more free time for a few weeks until Uni and meetings for my toddler start up (Who is due to start school next year! Where does the time go?! *emotional mumma*). Again, sorry for going off on a tangent, here is chapter 8 and I hope to update in about 2 weeks. Enjoy my lovelies :) Chapter Eight The start of July only brought more complications for Jane. It had been a rough few days with Lucy, who had broken the blackout blind in her bedroom which meant that Lucy was now only sleeping during the dark and short summer nights. From the crack of dawn her little girl would be wide awake and making noise and Jane would get up and sort Lucy out her breakfast and morning routine with her before getting Peter ready and drop the twins at preschool. One night she had decided to work on shift schedules for the bakery advancing well into the summer holidays throughout August and the start of September; with the thought of trying to reduce her paperwork for the bakery so she could spend a bit more time with the twins before they started 'big school'. It was a Monday night and Lucy had finally given in to go to sleep. Tonight Jane felt lucky that she had a nurse working tonight to watch Lucy so she could get some sleep. She had given Peter his bath and helped him into his pyjamas and the two were sat in the living room reading a bedtime story. She had just finished the last sentence in The Gruffalo when Peter let out a little yawn. "Are you sleepy my darling?" Jane whispered, kissing her boy's blonde head. Peter nodded and snuggled tightly into her. "I'll carry you to bed, hold on tight." Peter wrapped his arms around Jane's neck and she stood up from the sofa, holding her son tightly to her as she crossed the living room and walked out into the hallway, walking up the stairs and stepping quietly across the landing to Peter's bedroom. She stepped across the few toy cars that still lay abandoned on the floor from playtime earlier and pulled back the covers when she reached Peter's bed. Carefully, she placed her son into his bed and tucked the covers around him, watching with a smile as he looked up at her through sleepy blue eyes. "Mummy?" Peter yawned. "Yes darling?" Jane asked. "Those books you looked at, what are they?" her son questioned. She hadn't realised that Peter had seen her reading through the leaflets that she had been given about the charity who could offer Lucy respite breaks. "It's a place for children like Lucy who can go on little holidays and stay with people who look after them so everyone can have a break." Jane answered quietly. "Is Lucy going to go there?" Jane smiled sadly and shrugged. "I don't know sweetie, mummy is thinking about it." "Would she go forever?" Peter asked sleepily. "No darling. Just for a week or two maybe every now and then. It just means Lucy would meet children like her and you and mummy can do some things together. But Lucy would always come back." Jane replied reassuringly. Peter nodded with a smile. "Don't worry mummy, one day I'll be big to look after you and Lucy." Hearing those words from her little boy made her eyes start to well. She took a deep breath to stop herself from crying. "You don't need to take care of us little man, that's my job." Jane said softly. Peter shook his head and turned on to his side. "I'm gonna take care of you mummy." He yawned. With that, she watched her son close his eyes and mutter 'I love you' and drift off into a deep sleep. Tiptoeing out of the bedroom, she closed the bedroom door until there was a slight gap to let the light through and tiptoed across the landing into Lucy's bedroom. The nurse, Jenny, was knelt beside Lucy carefully taking her temperature. "How's she doing?" Jane asked. "Temperature is normal but we'll keep an eye on it every four hours," Jenny replied, "So far so good. If she can keep her temperature normal then we could possibly avoid a seizure." The last few days had included Lucy suffering a lot of seizures which the hospital had stated was down to the hot weather which had spiked an increase in Lucy's body temperature. Luckily, Jane was able to get more help with a nurse coming out to care for Lucy during the night. "Good. Do you need me to do anything?" Jane asked uneasily. Jenny smiled, putting away her thermometer and pulled out Lucy's medical chart that the hospital had given to monitor Lucy's health at home. "Jane, you ask this every time myself or a colleague is here to care for Lucy overnight. We're here to help you and give you a bit of a break. Take it. Go and have a cup of tea or turn in early and get a good night's sleep. Lucy will be fine." Jenny said reassuringly. "But what if-" "If she has a seizure, I'm here with her. I will be with her all through the night and my colleague will be here in an hour too. Lucy will be fine." Jane let out a breath, feeling the slight relief on her shoulders. Jenny was one of her usual nurses before she had been granted more care hours for Lucy and the nurse was an absolute lifesaver when it came to Jane getting a good night's sleep. Bidding Jenny goodnight, she tiptoed out of the bedroom and headed downstairs. She sat back down on the sofa, placing the book she had been reading to Peter on the coffee table and picked up the TV remote. Flicking through the channels, Jane sighed heavily as she saw that nothing was on to take her interest enough when her mind was on other things. Whilst the twins had been at preschool that morning she had attended an appointment with the director of The Netherfield Trust which offered respite breaks and activities for disabled children. When she had looked around the charity's base, she was quite impressed with how much land and the layout of the buildings. Even more so when she got to meet some other parents who accessed the charity's services and only heard positive things. Upon further talks with the director, she had been given more leaflets and sent away with a week offered for Lucy in case Jane wanted to put her in for a respite break. She had spoken in length with her dad and her sisters on the topic and whether it was a good idea. All three had said it was for a lot of reasons. First of all, Lucy would be interacting with children just like her and an adult would be with her at all times. Secondly, the staff at the trust and even the volunteers were all trained and up-to-date with the latest research regarding children with disabilities and could look after Lucy properly. Thirdly, Lucy would be assigned an adult at all times whilst in the care of the charity. Finally, it meant that Jane could breathe and have some time for herself and give Peter some quality time which he sometimes missed out on. But despite the pros of it, she couldn't help but feel guilty; as if she was palming her child off on someone else. But there was also the fact that she was exhausted. And her sisters had a point. She had lost her identity. All she had done for the last four years was parent and for the last two she had done it all on her own. Remembering what everyone had been telling her for the last few weeks, she silently made the decision to give it a go. And then there was another matter on her mind; whether or not to give Charles a chance. It wasn't easy trying to find time for herself let alone trying to find time to pursue a romantic relationship with someone. Then there was the added fear of trusting someone and that made her hesitant. The last person she had been in a relationship with had walked out on her and their children because he couldn't handle having a disabled child. Her trust had been completely broken, along with her heart and she'd had to pick up the pieces by herself over the last two years. On top of that, her children had to come first and any new potential partner had to accept both her children and treat them the same, not differently just because one of them had a disability. The thought of opening herself and her life up to someone new frightened her. She didn't know if she could bear it to love someone again only for them to decide that they couldn't handle the stress and pressures of raising Lucy with her. She knew that Lucy was hard work, better than most people knew. The sleepless nights, the seizures, the meltdowns, the making sure Lucy had a structured routine; all of it was hard work. But in her eyes, the struggles were worth it because she got to see her daughter's eyes light up whenever they made contact with her and she got to see the cuddles that Lucy and Peter shared despite Lucy not giving them to her brother that often. And how George could have walked out on all the positive things about their daughter only made Jane hate him even more. Before she could think any more on the subject of Charles, her phone began to ring. Sighing, she hit the answer button and pressed the mobile to her ear. "Hello Charlotte." Jane greeted. "How are you doing? Have you made any decisions yet about Lucy?" Charlotte asked. "Not too bad, I'm heading to bed in a minute. But I think I've decided to give the respite a try, it looks better than I imagined when it was first mentioned to me." She replied. "Good. Listen, I didn't call to talk work stuff we can catch up on that tomorrow. I wanted to tell you that a good looking redhead came in today asking after you." Charlotte teased. She sat upright, her heart racing. "Charles?" she asked eagerly. "Uh huh," Charlotte replied teasingly, "He asked me to give you his number in case you wanted to change your mind." "And do you have it?" Charlotte laughed, making Jane roll her eyes. "I do," her friend confirmed, "I'll give it to you tomorrow." "Thank you!" Saying their goodbyes, Jane switched off the TV and giggled. Her heart raced faster in her chest at the thought of squashing her fears and texting Charles. Slow steps, she told herself. Get to know him first before you make any decisions on romance. With her mind made up, Jane got up from the sofa and headed upstairs for the night. ooOoo It was a balmy evening in early July, the lilacs and pinks of the sunset were painting the sky and Caroline knew that the dark blue night would arrive soon. She tossed her red hair over her shoulder and took a small sip of wine as she held the glass delicately to her lips. The light summer breeze swept past her and blew lightly against the back door to her brother's house. Just as she pulled the door back to its original position, having been moved slightly by the wind, she heard Charles calling her name from the kitchen. "I'm in the garden, Charles!" Caroline called back. Seconds later, her brother joined her; sitting in the empty garden chair next to her. "Have you been enjoying yourself?" her brother asked, annoyance present in his tone of voice. "I have," Caroline confirmed, her body slumped in the chair lazily as if filled with relaxation, "I have been really enjoying myself." Her brother frowned at her in suspicion. Caroline knew that look well. "I said you could stay for a few days. It's been just over a week." Charles stated. Caroline rolled her eyes, her brother didn't like putting up with her for long periods. "Your point?" she asked, feigning innocence. "How long are you planning on crashing in my house? Are you here for other reasons than to spend time with your big brother as you so claimed?" Charles questioned. "No, it's just been a while since we've spent any time together and I thought maybe by extending my stay, we could enjoy some quality sibling time." Caroline answered. Charles made a noise but let the matter go as he got up from his seat and went back inside the house. Caroline knew why he was suspicious of her motives for extending her visit. In truth she wasn't just here to spend time with her brother, she was hoping to at least be able to see William Darcy. She'd always had a thing for her brother's best friend when they were growing up. He was good looking, he had a gorgeous smile, lovely eyes, a body that made her dream the wildest fantasies. On top of that, he was rich. Very rich. His family came from 'old money'. William Darcy was what Caroline would define as a catch. And she knew that he was available. Very available. But there were a few problems. Firstly, she'd had a shot with Darcy and had blown it. About two years after his wife had died she had asked William out for dinner and he had agreed. She had gone all out on her outfit, getting her hair and nails done, having her make-up applied and had even gone to top up her fake tan. He'd been the perfect gentleman, he had picked her up for their date and they had shared a nice and expensive meal. He had driven her back to her flat but she had made the mistake of kissing him too heatedly and freaked him out by inviting him to spend the night. Big mistake. William Darcy wasn't the type to sleep around on the first date. Secondly, her brother had been told about her behaviour and had belittled her by giving her a telling off like a child caught putting their hand in a sweet jar. Thirdly, any hope of her getting another date with William had been dashed when Charles had threatened to tell their father of her attempts of seducing her way into the Darcy family to access their endless supply of money. And that threat had been the one to make her take a step back from her plan to bag William Darcy. Sadly, she needed her father to pay for the expensive lifestyle that she enjoyed. But this time she was determined to get another chance with William Darcy and the way to achieve that was to go through the person he loved the most in the world. ooOoo After tucking Mia into bed, Will quietly walked down the stairs and saw Elizabeth waiting for him at the front door. It had become a nice routine for all of them. Elizabeth was now an invited guest for dinner most nights and Will drove her home after he tucked Mia in. Their drives together were filled with getting to know more about each other. He listened and laughed at stories she told him of playing pranks on her sisters and mother, how she had joined the school football team to prove that girls could play after a classmate told her girls couldn't play. She told him about her father's early retirement for health reasons and how isolated she had felt during her marriage due to the pressures and expectations on her shoulders. In turn he had told her about his family, the age gap between him and his sister but how close he felt to Georgiana. He had told her about how he had met his wife, their life together and the dark early days after Natalie's death. Their friendship was developing. Already he knew that he trusted her and liked her as if he had known her a lot longer than six weeks. She was honest, caring and had a welcoming ear whenever he or Mia needed someone to talk to. Aside from Charles and a few of his work colleagues who he sometimes socialised with, it had been a long time since he had enjoyed someone's company the way he looked forward to spending time with and getting to know Elizabeth. "Did she go off alright?" Elizabeth asked. "She did, she's never been a bad sleeper. The only exception is when she suffered with seizures." Will replied. "I understand. My niece has epilepsy too." "It's not easy to live with, I hated it so much to see her suffer but now she's on the medication to treat it." "My sister is still going through it, trying to find the right treatment." "She will eventually. I hope your niece doesn't suffer too badly. If your sister ever needs someone to talk to, I have an ear." Will offered. "Thanks." Elizabeth replied. The two said their goodbyes to Alice and left the house, climbing into Will's car parked on the driveway. Will reversed off the drive and started driving. The sun was hanging low in the sky, a nice mixture of pinks, purples and a darkening blue and the nice breeze entered the car as Elizabeth wound down her window. "Do you still want us to come with you on Saturday?" Will asked. Elizabeth looked over at him and nodded. "If that's okay. I don't want anything too expensive but I need my own car and I need your opinion on what one to buy." She replied. "You're the one that has to drive it." he pointed out. "True. But I will be taking your daughter out in it when the summer holidays come around. I don't want to buy a car that you aren't happy with. For your peace of mind about safety, I'd rather have your input." Elizabeth said softly. "Thank you." "For what?" "It means a lot to me that you value my opinion. That you would want me to help you and you care about Mia's safety so deeply." Will clarified. He noticed her smile out of the corner of his eye. Her smile was infectious as he felt his mouth twinge at the corners. "Mia is…a delightful girl. She is lovely and thoughtful and just what I needed." Elizabeth said brightly. "Have you heard any more from your solicitor?" "I had a list of things that David is willing to give to me in the divorce but I don't want anything from him." "Why not? It's what you're legally entitled to." Will reminded her. "I know. But our entire marriage was built on David's success. Now that we're divorcing, I want the next chapter of my life to be about my success. My dreams. And having money or anything from the previous chapter might taint that vision." Elizabeth said thoughtfully. Will couldn't help but feeling the silent burst of pride at the woman sat next to him. He knew that she had struggles, the way she talked about her life with her soon-to-be-ex-husband was evidently more one-sided than a partnership. The sadness was present sometimes when she opened up about her marriage but it wasn't the type of sadness of losing the man she had loved for the past five years, it was something deeper. Like she had lost something that she had deeply wanted. Whatever it was, he hoped that one day she would be able to share that pain with someone. Not necessarily with him, just someone. Although he hoped and wanted her to feel safe enough with him to share that pain. They talked a little more about the pending divorce, how Elizabeth had wrote a reply stating that she didn't want anything from her ex and wished to move forward with her life. He found it oddly refreshing to know someone who didn't care about money or material things, who just wanted to find some happiness. He hadn't known a woman like that in a long time. As he pulled up outside her house and turned off the engine, he turned to look at her, her face illuminated under the streetlight lighting up his car. "If you ever need to talk, I hope you know that I'm here for you." Will said softly. She surprised him by taking his hand and giving it a grateful squeeze. "I appreciate it, thank you." Elizabeth whispered. But he didn't get a chance to say any more. The front door to her parent's house opened and a man began power walking out on to the street. "THOMAS BENNET! WE HAVEN'T FINISHED THIS-" He saw Elizabeth roll her eyes and mutter an apology before thanking him for the lift and getting out of the car. Watching her walk into her house and usher her mother inside quickly, he sat in his seat, his hand feeling the lingering softness of her touch.
A/N: Apologies for the lack of updates, life has been getting in the way again. Enjoy chapter nine! and I hope to update soon. Chapter Nine Saturday came around rather quickly for Elizabeth. In all honesty, she had been looking forward to the weekend because it meant that she could buy the car that she had spent the last six weeks saving for and actually get out of the house this weekend. Her parents had been having an almost-week-long argument, on a subject she had yet to discover, and she wanted more than anything to avoid spending any time listening to her mother's loud shrieking and her father storming out of the house just to get some peace. That morning she had ate her breakfast as quick as she could, gotten herself dressed and had climbed into Will's car at nine-thirty just as Jane had pulled up outside to drop Lucy off so she could have some time with Peter. "Morning Lizzy." Mia greeted brightly from the backseat. Elizabeth clipped her seatbelt in and turned to face the little girl. "Good morning Mia. Did you sleep well?" she asked. "I did. Daddy says we're helping you choose a car this morning." "You are. Do you think you can help me?" Elizabeth asked. Mia nodded with a smile as Elizabeth turned to greet Will. "Did you sleep well? I heard your parents arguing as you came out of the house." Will said quietly, pulling out of his parking space. "Not really but I'll be fine. If I save hard for the next few months I can get my own place." Elizabeth sighed. Will placed his focus on the road ahead but gave her a sympathetic smile. "Have you given any thought to what kind of place you'd like?" he asked. "A house preferably. Maybe a two-bed so my niece and nephew can stay over sometimes. I'm not fussy." "Are you thinking of renting or buying with a mortgage?" "It depends how much of a deposit I'd need for a mortgage. I'll see what my situation is like in September." Elizabeth said. "If you'd like any help…" he offered. "Thank you," Elizabeth smiled, "I'm sure I'll come to you at some point." They continued to drive to the first car salesroom that Elizabeth had found on a quick google search and parked up the car. All three of them stepped out of the car and within seconds were greeted by an enthusiastic salesman in a suit. "Good morning, what a beautiful family you make!" the man greeted. "Oh uh…" "What can I do for you lovely people today?" the man asked. "I'm here to buy a car." Elizabeth replied politely. "I can certainly help you with that. Have you thought about a particular make and model?" the salesman asked. In truth, she hadn't thought about what type of make and model of car she wanted. She just wanted something that was safe, not that old and was practical to drive her around and those she needed to drive around too. The three of them followed the salesman into the showroom to look around the selection of cars they sold. "The cars we sell are second hand but are in very good condition. We offer a finance option or you can pay outright. All our cars are cleaned and polished every other day to maintain a high standard of cleanliness and are regularly checked with MOT testing carried out the day before the buyer takes possession of the car. We also offer a twelve-month warranty on all vehicles we sell." The salesman informed them. Elizabeth looked around at the various cars, stopping for a few minutes at a few that had taken her interest. The few she had looked at were within her price range. After all, she was getting paid a lot more than a normal childminder would because William Darcy wanted to pay generously for someone to care for the most important person in his life. It was only thanks to her employer's generosity that she was able to get her own car so quickly and through her own determination to save her money rather than spend it so quickly. "Do you offer test drives so Elizabeth can get a feel for the car?" Will asked. "We do. However, it's company policy that a member of staff accompanies the customer on every test drive." The salesman replied. The next half an hour was spent trying out two cars that Elizabeth had taken an interest in. Will and Mia had waited for her back at the salesroom for her and when she had arrived back after taking the second car for a quick test drive up the road, she had made her choice. A blue ford focus that was four years with a good MOT history and wasn't too expensive to insure and tax. An added bonus was the mileage and only had minor repairs needed on previous MOTs. Happy with her choice, the salesman promised that she'd be able to pick her car up the following week after a new MOT had been carried out and the paperwork had been drawn up for her to sign. The three left the showroom and climbed back into Will's car. "Do you need anywhere to be today? I mean now that you have your car sorted?" Will asked curiously. Elizabeth shook her head. "No. My dad is babysitting my niece and nephew today and my mum has decided to avoid the house today. But still, it will be tense when she eventually decides to return." She replied. "Well if you'd like to…Mia and I are having some family over for a barbecue this afternoon and we'd really like it if everyone got the chance to meet you." Will offered. An invitation to a family barbecue. This would be interesting. But she didn't know whether or not to accept Will's invitation. "Oh…I don't know…wouldn't it be weird?" Elizabeth asked. "Not for us. It's only my father and sister who are coming. Maybe a cousin or two depending on whether they can make it." "Come to ours Lizzy, please." Mia pleaded from the backseat. Meeting Mia's pleading and playful gaze, she laughed. She could see it in the little girl's eyes that this was something that would mean a lot to Mia and as she glanced at Will, she could see it would mean a lot to him too if she agreed to meet his family. "Okay. I'll come to the barbecue." Elizabeth said brightly. Mia gave a little cheer and Will smiled widely as they clipped their seatbelts in and drove away from the car showroom. ooOoo Jane sat nervously at the table, her fingers tapping slowly against the mug she had cupped in her hands. Her heart was beating fast in her chest and despite the air conditioning blowing ice-cold air above her table, she still felt the sweat dripping down her back. It had been years since she had done this. Years since she had gotten to know someone of the opposite sex. But ever since she had text Charles asking him to meet her at this little café not too far from her parents' house, she knew that she had to do this. For so long she had felt isolated, she didn't know anyone else who had a child with additional needs and her only interaction with adults were with her parents, sisters and her business partner for a long period of time. The café door opened with a little ping of the bell above the door. Jane looked up and saw Charles walking towards her table. She smiled nervously at him as he sat opposite her. "Hi, I'm glad you came." Jane greeted. "I was happy to hear from you." Charles smiled. There was a few moments of silence as the waitress came over to take Charles' order and offered to refill Jane's coffee. When the waitress went back behind the counter to make their drinks, the two's eyes met again. "So…how have you been?" Jane asked. "Busy…trying to decorate my new house…working…trying to avoid my sister…" Charles replied, adding a laugh at the last part of his sentence. "So you have a sister? Is she that much of an annoyance to you?" Jane asked, showing interest. Charles pulled a face, one that Jane associated with the man feeling mixed emotions towards his sibling. Of course, her sisters had annoyed her plenty of times as they were growing up together but now she was thankful that Lizzy and Lydia supported her where and when they could. "Caroline…she's my sister and of course I love my sister…but she does things that I don't like. She has this habit of being sneaky and sadly it doesn't seem like she will ever grow out of it." Jane pulled a sympathetic face as the waitress came over and placed their drinks in front of them. They both thanked the waitress and looked at one another with ease, it seemed natural falling into conversation with each other. She just hoped that he wouldn't mind getting to know her first before pursuing anything more. "Is your sister truly that bad?" she asked. "At times. She's currently staying with me on an extended visit." Charles sighed. "I'm sorry to hear she's a pain in the arse." Jane said. Charles chuckled, his blue eyes sparkling as he met her gaze. "I suppose it's natural to feel that way sometimes towards your siblings." He mused. "I guess. I certainly felt annoyance towards my sisters when we were growing up." "I suppose you get to witness it with your twins." Jane's face fell. If anything her twins didn't fight like normal siblings. Lucy didn't understand boundaries and often liked to play on her own instead of with Peter. Very rarely did her daughter take her aggression and frustration out on her twin brother; she took it out on the adults around her who tried to soothe her outbursts. "So…tell me about your children." Charles requested with a smile. "Well…they're four years old and will turn five in October. They're wonderful, funny, amazing little beings. Peter likes football, going to the park, painting, Lego. He likes going to the zoo. Lucy…she likes Peppa Pig, fluffy things, painting." Jane started. "I like their names." Charles complimented. "Thanks. I named them after my paternal grandparents…well my nan was called Lucille so I shortened it to Lucy for my little girl." "I think it's lovely you named them after people who mean a lot to you." "They did," Jane confirmed, "Sadly, they both passed away the year before I felt pregnant with the twins. But they lived a full life." Charles gave her a small smile before taking a mouthful of his drink but his blue eyes remained on her. It reminded her of the times when she and George were first together, how he would look at her with such interest until he had proven himself to be the exact opposite of the man she thought he was. This time, she was determined to get to know someone before she opened her heart to romance again. What she couldn't deny was that she was attracted to Charles, he certainly made her heart skip a beat as he took an interest in what she said. How easy it was to have a conversation with him with no awkwardness. The genuine smile of a man who seemed perfectly nice. But she had to take this slowly. It wasn't just about her anymore. She had two little people that gave her purpose, who she lived her entire life for. And while Peter and Lucy didn't remember their dad, she certainly wasn't about to introduce a new man into their lives and then have them disappear when it got tough, right after the twins had bonded with a new potential boyfriend. She didn't want to think Charles was like that but at the same time, not many men would be willing to step up and accept her children; especially when one of her children had a disability. "Is the children's father involved? I mean…you said you're a single mother and you don't have much free time. You can tell me if I'm being nosey, I won't take offence." Charles said. Jane shook her head. "No. He walked out on us when the twins were two." She replied. "Oh…I'm sorry…" "Don't be. He walked away and didn't look back, he wasn't made for it. The best thing that came out of my relationship with George was the children and I don't regret it." "I know that I don't really know you…but hearing the way you talk about your twins…it's admirable and shows how strong you are to do it by yourself." Charles whispered. Jane blushed, averting her eyes down to her coffee. Charles leaned over the table, placing a finger under her chin and gently bringing her gaze back to his with a confused expression on his face. "I'm sorry…have I upset you?" he asked quietly. Jane shook her head. "No. I'm not used to hearing people describe me as strong. Unless they're family." She mumbled. He smiled again. God his smile was infectious. She felt the corners of her mouth twitch into returning it. "I'm not a parent so I can't imagine how hard it is to be a single parent raising two children. But I'd like to see you again. If you're willing that is. No pressure. But I want you to know that I like you and if you want to get to know me slowly, as friends, as more than that, whatever you want; I don't want to go anywhere unless we aren't on the same page." Charles stated warmly. "I'd like to see you again. But it would have to be slow because I can't promise you anything. Peter and Lucy come first and my life is very complicated and stressful." "To slow steps." Charles said, raising his cup of coffee. "To slow steps." Jane agreed, mirroring his actions. ooOoo After quickly dropping back home to inform her father that she would be out for the rest of the afternoon, Elizabeth headed back to the Darcy residence with Will and Mia. Alice had already begun to prep food in the kitchen, ensuring there were enough rolls, burgers, sausages, kebabs, drumsticks and steak for everyone to eat. Heading outside into the garden, Elizabeth felt herself surprised with how much outdoor space Will and Mia had. The garden stretched so far back she could only just make out the end of it by squinting. A large oak tree stood magnificently at the bottom of the garden, with it's great branch holding up a manmade swing which was evidently Mia's. A large summerhouse was built to the side of the tree, sat perfectly under the afternoon sun and contained a small side table and a comfortable sun lounger. A bike shelter stood opposite the summerhouse housed three bicycles which Elizabeth assumed belonged to Will, Alice and Mia. All the while she stood on a well maintained deck with a large patio table with six chairs and a large gas barbecue on the other side. "Can I help with anything?" Elizabeth asked. "Come and choose a drink if you'd like," Will offered, turning on the barbecue. Elizabeth headed towards the kitchen, offering to help Alice with the food as the housekeeper walked passed carrying an armful of plates to which her offer was declined with a warm smile. She carried on to the kitchen, looking around for something to drink and seconds later Will entered the room. "What would you like? We've got white wine, red wine, prosecco, cider, beer. Or if you'd prefer a soft drink we have coke or lemonade. I believe we have some squash left." Will asked. "Just some lemonade please. I don't want to go home buzzed if my parents are arguing again." Elizabeth replied. Will opened the cupboard and took out a glass before closing it again. He placed it on the counter top and turned to face her. "What do they argue about so much?" he asked curiously. Elizabeth watched as he went over to the fridge and pulled out the bottle of lemonade and walked back over to where the glass stood on the counter. "Anything. Everything. Lately it's been about my father staying out with his friends when the pub shuts down for the night. They argue about babysitting the twins-" "They argue about looking after their grandchildren?" Will interrupted with a frown. Elizabeth nodded. "Yes. Not so much about looking after Peter but my niece is a complex child and difficult to look after at times. My mother focuses on the 'bad' things instead of focusing on Lucy's strengths. My dad loves the twins unconditionally and wants to spend as much time with them as possible. Basically, they disagree on how much of a break they should give Jane and it's starting to stress my father out." She sighed. "It must be really difficult for you." Will said sympathetically. "I'll be moving out soon. I just hope that the dust will settle." "I'm sure it will. In time." Elizabeth smiled slightly as she watched him pour her the drink and place the bottle of lemonade down on the counter and handed her the glass. She took it, thanking him quietly and for the briefest moment their skin touch each other's. A featherlight brush of the hand. Her eyes met his, so warm and…a lovely shade of brown. Before their conversation could continue, the doorbell rang. Will gave her a parting smile and left the kitchen to answer the door. ooOoo The afternoon had been a success. Upon the arrival of his dad and his sister, Will had immediately introduced his family members to Elizabeth after walking everyone through to the kitchen. But instead of introducing her as Mia's childminder he had introduced the beautiful brunette as his friend. "A friend eh?" his father had asked curiously, all the while eyeing him up with a smirk. Luckily, Elizabeth hadn't seemed to have noticed that his father was already amused with the fact that this was the first woman he had introduced to them since Natalie's death. To Elizabeth it may have come across as a friendly introduction but to Will; he knew that his father was already putting together in his head that there was a possibility that Elizabeth was more than that. Once outside when everyone had helped themselves to a drink, the curiosity of his father didn't cease. Reginald Darcy was definitely taking an interest in Elizabeth. His father had quizzed the poor woman on practically every aspect of her life. If she felt uncomfortable, she didn't show it or voice it. In fact, she seemed very at ease and was only too happy to converse with his father and even managed to get Georgiana to come out of her shell a little when the two women were talking about their mutual interest in literature. They had eaten plenty of food between all of them, with Georgiana expressing disappointment that their cousins, Anne and Richard, hadn't been able to make this family barbecue. Mia had then proceeded to start a water fight to which everyone joined in and Will found himself unable to take his eyes off Elizabeth. Watching her squeal as a water gun drenched her and bowls of water were chucked in her direction, the sound of her musical laughter and the pure happiness and light in her green eyes made him truly enjoy the afternoon. It was magical to see someone that happy despite all the hardships she had recently endured. As late afternoon headed into early evening, the water fight ended and he found himself standing on his driveway with Elizabeth, the two of them alone as they waited for her taxi. "Are you sure you want to take a taxi? I don't mind giving you a lift home." Will said, for the third time. Elizabeth smiled gratefully. "I appreciate it but we're all worn out so I don't want to tire you out further." She replied. "Okay. Just let me know that you got home safely, you can't be too careful with taxi drivers these days." "I will." As the taxi pulled up outside the house, Will felt a surge of surprise as Elizabeth wrapped her arms around his neck and hugged him tightly. "Thank you for today," she whispered, "It's been the best day I've had in a long time." Before he could reply, she let him go and climbed into her taxi, driving off into the evening. Will took a few moments alone before he headed back into the house and walked through to the kitchen. Georgiana, Mia and Alice were watching a film in the living room whilst his father appeared to be waiting for him in the kitchen. "Elizabeth seems like a lovely girl." Reginald mused. "She is," Will confirmed quietly, "Did you like her?" "I did," Reginald said in just above a whisper, "I was surprised to learn from my granddaughter that she's also your employee?" Ah. He had forgotten to mention that little detail. "Well…she's my childminder…but we've sort of…bonded I guess. She's becoming a very good friend." Will stuttered defensively. Reginald smirked again. That bloody smirk. "I don't doubt it son. But the last time I saw you react this way to a woman, it was when you first met Natalie." So that's what his father was thinking. That he was romantically interested in Elizabeth. "Dad…I know where you're going with this…I assure you that Elizabeth and I are just friends. We are keeping a professional relationship separate from our friendship and we know how to prevent them from overlapping." Will said quickly. "Even so. I hope you find some happiness again with a woman, Fitzwilliam, and as first impressions go, Elizabeth definitely gave a good one. But getting romantically involved with your employee can be messy. If the path you are on does proceed down a romantic one, I urge you to be careful. For everyone's sake." Reginald cautioned. With nothing more to say, Reginald left the kitchen to join the others in the living room for the film; leaving Will to think about his father's words.
