Hey guys, its a new fanfic for me, I hope you like it, don't forget to R&R. xx have a little faithinfools P.S. I own none of the characters or any of Jane Austen's brilliance. And if you say we'll be alright I'm gonna trust you, babe I'm gonna look in your eyes And if you say we'll be alright I'll follow you into the light The Light - Sara Barellies "Lizzy? Lizzy?" "Henry, no don't do this to me Henry, don't do it. Don't go." Lizzy sobbed. "please don't leave me." He smiled a wry smile before releasing coughs that racked his whole body. "Lizzy, listen to me." He coughed again, this time coughing up blood, Lizzy gasped horrified. "No Henry, don't talk, save your energy. Please, please don't leave me." She begged, tears streaming down her face. "Lizzy, you are strong enough, I know you are." He said, his eyes starting to close. "Please Henry, no, no, no. I'll do anything, please just don't leave me alone." "Lizzy, listen to me." He took a deep ragged breath in. "You will survive, you will live. I want you to have this." He slowly reached his arm around to the back of his neck and untied his necklace, gasping with pain. Lizzy reached out her hand and the small heart shaped locket fell open, showing a photo of the two of them when they were younger, pulling silly faces. Lizzy smiled through her tears as she looked at it. "I'm not sure I'm going to make it but you will Lizzy. Stay strong, get back up, follow your dreams. You can do it." "No Henry, I need you. I need you with me." Lizzy sobbed harder. She couldn't do anything else, she was in too much pain. "Jane will look after you Lizzy. You don't need me anymore." Lizzy kept on crying, harder and harder. He couldn't die. He just couldn't. "Lizzy don't give up hope, and never give up your belief in love. Promise me Lizzy, promise me that." "I promise." But it was an empty promise and she knew it. "Lizzy, remember that I will always love you. Forever and always." Henry took in his last shuddering breath and fell silent. Lizzy stared at him, shocked. "Henry? Henry? HENRY!" Lizzy screamed as she sat straight up in her bed and started crying as Jane ran into the room and hugged her quickly, rocking back and forth, comforting her. Both Jane and Lizzy had become a lot closer after his death. Lizzy sobbed harder. "Shhh Lizzy, shhhh it's okay, it's alright. You're here with me now." Lizzy quieted down, sniffling. "Oh it was horrible Jane." "Again?" Lizzy nodded. "Oh Lizzy." The two girls hugged each other tightly and fell asleep beside each other on the large bed. Lizzy woke up feeling refreshed. It had happened again, the same dream, over and over, again and again. They wouldn't stop and there was nothing she could do about it. It had been 3 years and she still couldn't get over it. She reached down and grabbed the locket at the base of her neck. She opened it and stared at it. She smiled sadly as she remembered the old days when she and Henry used to do everything together. She shook her head, repressing the memories, closed the locket and got up quickly, it was time to go to work. She quickly woke up Jane and they both made their way to the kitchen, choosing to avoid the night that had been. "What are you doing today Janey? Scouting again?" "Yeah. The agency wants me to find some new talent on the slopes, want to join me?" "Normally I would, but I have a class today." "What age group?" "Eugh. The 16 year olds." Lizzy walked to the wet room where all of their snowboarding and skiing gear was kept and started putting on all of her layers, ready to face the cold. "I'm taking that that means they're not your favourite." Lizzy shook her head. "Oh and Lizzy?" "Yeah?" "We're having dinner at mum and dad's tonight." Jane said innocently, Lizzy groaned. "You couldn't have told them we were sick or something?" "Lizzy, Dad knows everything. He practically runs the mountain." Lizzy sighed. "I'll be there. Love you Jane." "Love you too Lizzy." Lizzy walked out the door into the cold, snowy morning. Jane smiled as she watched her little sister walk out the door bravely. It had been hard after the accident but she had somehow found the energy to keep going and move on. But the Lizzy Jane knew was gone, replaced by a new, colder, more cautious double. Jane sighed. She would just have to hope that one day, the old, spontaneous and always ever-smiling Lizzy she knew would come back to her. Jane turned back, to get ready for the day to come. "Right guys. When you snowboard always remember that the number one thing is balance." She instructed. Lizzy looked up as she saw her dad coming towards her with a gorgeous young girl with him. "Hey Dad." "Hey Sweetheart. We've got a new one this season, her name's Georgiana and she's new here." "Hello Georgiana." "Hello." The girl said quietly back. "I've got to go take the advanced, Hodgo pulled out at the last minute, something about his divorce I think." Mr. Bennet rolled his eyes in exasperation. Lizzy smiled and nodded. "See you tonight Dad." Lizzy turned back to her class. "Alex, stop talking. Johno, stop eating the snow, that's just gross. Now get onto your boards and let's take the lift. Pair up." The students paired up and soon it was only Georgiana left. "I guess you're with me." Lizzy smiled comfortingly at the young girl. "So Georgiana, have you ever been snowboarding before?" She shook her head, no. Lizzy turned to look at her partner through her goggles. She's shy, she realised. Elizabeth smiled at Georgiana. "Come on, you can talk to me, I don't bite. I'm Elizabeth Bennet." "I'm Georgiana Darcy." She murmured back. "I take it you're new to the mountain then?" "Yes Miss Elizabeth." Georgiana said timidly, Lizzy laughed. "Please, call me Lizzy, I'm not that old." She sniggered again while Georgiana cracked a smile. "In that case, I would like it very much if you'd call me Georgie." "Done! Darcy, Darcy, Darcy, that sounds familiar... But where from?" Lizzy pondered. Georgie blushed bright red. "My brother, he owns Pemberley Hotels/Resorts with my cousin Rich." "Nope, still doesn't sound familiar to me." Georgie sighed. "He's a professional snowboarder. The one who keeps winning all his events, especially good at the Big Air?" Lizzy snapped her fingers. "That's where I know him from. He's actually pretty good. I can respect that." Georgie smiled. "I know, he's brilliant." She gasped. Lizzy glanced over at her young charge concerned "You already squirt?" "I shouldn't have told you that! My brother said strictly not to tell anyone." Georgie said, ashamed. "He already doesn't think well of me, I don't want to make it worse." "It's okay, I promise I won't tell, and pish posh, he's your brother, of course he thinks well of you! But if you don't mind me asking why doesn't he want anyone knowing?" "He wants me to be a normal kid but I've never really had the chance to be, I'm afraid I'm too shy." She said sadly "I'm sure you'll make friends soon enough. Trust me, it's never dull on this mountain, there is always a lot of kids your age around the mountain." "I've tried but they're always after my money. So in truth I don't really have any." "Well you do now." She smiled at Georgiana comfortingly. "You're a lovely person Georgie and trust me, soon enough you'll find some kids here who will see you for what you are, not your material wealth." "Thanks Lizzy." "In fact, want to go shopping this weekend? If you're new to the mountain I guess I should be your guide. I promise to show you the sights of the amazing Mount Shimaro." "I'd love to, I'd have to ask Will first of course, but I'd be honoured." Georgie said, her eyes shining with happiness. "Perfect. There's something that I don't get though..." "What?" "If your brother is a pro snowboarder, how have you never ridden a snowboard before?" "He's a bit too overprotective, he's afraid that I will hurt myself but Rich managed to convince him that I was old enough this year." At Lizzy's quizzical brow Georgiana added, "Rich is my cousin." "Oh of course." They both got off of the lift successfully and stood with the rest of the class as Lizzy lead them to the top of the slope. "Alex, Johno, Jaiden, Mark and Sam go down the right path, it'll be more challenging for you and don't forget to wait for me down the bottom. You boys will be moving up to the intermediate class next lesson." There was plenty of groaning. "But we like you Lizzy, Char's a bore." "Come off it boys, she's more fun than you give her credit for, now go." They all raced off, boarding down the mountain with ease. "Carly, Megan, Steph, Rick and Kieran go down the left path, stick together and you'll be fine by yourselves, find the boys at the bottom and stay with them until I get down. Georgiana, you'll come with me." They all nodded and sped off while Georgie secured her feet on her board properly. "Now, make sure that you keep your balance and go down the mountain slowly, if you need to slow down put the side of the board to your front and shift down the mountain slowly. For changing directions, use your body and lean in each direction to move differently, make sure that you use large turns or shifts to slow your speed rather than going straight down." Georgiana nodded and together they made their way down the mountain. "Georgie! You're a natural! That was brilliant and you only stacked it twice." They both giggled at the memory. "Right kids, we've got a few more runs to get through and then you're free to go for the day." Their group made their way up and down a few different runs and finished on one of the harder runs. "See you kids tomorrow, except for you boys, you'll be with Char." They grumbled at the news but said goodbye cheerfully all the same. Lizzy smiled and took out 5 chocolate bars she'd been hiding to give to them. They smiled in delight and raced off, clearly ready to try some more runs before the sun set. "Well done Georgie, I'm very proud of you. You'll be shredding the black runs in no time." Georgiana beamed. "Thanks Lizzy. Oh! I see my cousin over there, I'm going to go tell him about my day." Lizzy chuckled. "Off you go kiddo." Georgiana raced off over towards her cousin and left Lizzy to walk into the main area of the shopping precinct. She spotted Jane and Char over at the food stalls getting hot chips to warm themselves up. They saw her and waved her over. "I am starving." Lizzy said. Jane pushed a bucket of chips towards her. "We knew you would be." "Thanks guys. How was class Char?" "Fine, a few annoying boys but I got them all sorted out." "How?" "I threatened them with a double diamond black run blindfolded backwards. Safe to say they shut up." All three of them laughed as they ate their chips. "Anyway I've got to run babes, I've got the advanced adults skiing class now. There's a few new guys in the class I think so we'll see if they have any potential." She winked as both the Bennet sisters laughed. "See ya!" The Bennet sisters shouted. "Call me!" Charlotte shouted back. "Any luck with the scouting Janey?" "Nope. None at all, not even on the black runs." "Well I think I might have found someone but we have to find somewhere more private to talk." "You have no more lessons for the rest of the day right?" Lizzy nodded. "Ski lift then?" "Sure. Which one?" "Skeletal Peak?" "No Jane. No." "But Lizzy..." "Jane, I said no and that's final. We're going to Menata Run." Lizzy stalked off as Jane sighed. Lizzy had not gone down one black run since the accident. She had been a brilliant snowboarder, continually winning all of her competitions until the accident. There was no more Lizzy. Not on the tv, the computers, the newspapers, the magazines, nothing. The famous Eliza Bennet was gone. After the accident Lizzy wouldn't enter any boarding competitions no matter how much Jane pleaded with her, Lizzy would not budge and Jane knew why. The big air. All snowboarding competitions had a big air event in them and Lizzy would not do it. She had become afraid of heights. She wouldn't even ride the lifts that went too high off the ground. That being said, she could only teach the beginner classes. Jane sighed. Lizzy could do it, if only she tried. Jane had tried to get Lizzy to overcome her fear but no matter what she did her sister would not go off any of the jumps in the trick park. She never attempted anything that left her more than a metre off the ground, some of the ski lifts being exceptions. Jane got up and followed her younger sister out into the cold air on the mountain. "Sorry Jane. You know how I get." "That's alright. I'm only trying to help." "I know Jane." Lizzy said quietly. "So what's the big new then." "Georgiana. Georgiana Darcy." Jane's eyes went wide. "William Darcy?" "His little sister. She turned up to my class today and it was unbelievable. That girl has talent Jane. She hadn't even touched a snowboard before today and she was incredible." "Wow. How old is she?" "16." "Would her brother let her sign?" "Don't think so, he thinks she'll injure herself too easily." "Ahhh, the overprotective type?" "Yep. That's the one." "Oh well, I'll have dibs on her when she comes of age." "If you say so Janey, but don't tell anyone, she doesn't want people knowing that she's here, she wants to be normal in a sense." "I see." The two sisters got off and made their way down the mountain with ease. Lizzy had always been the better sports person out of the two of them and had almost lost Jane out of her sight. As she turned to see where her sister was another figure shot out of the trees to her left and rammed straight into her. Lizzy felt the impact hard as she felt herself fall down the mountain. She winced as she finally stopped tumbling down and looked up to see another figure beside her groaning. "Why don't you watch where you're going? The mountain is a pretty busy place you know." A masculine voice said angrily. "Excuse me?" Lizzy said indignantly. Who did he think he was? He was probably just some snobby up himself rich kid who thought he owned the mountain. "If you can accuse me of not looking where I was going, what were you doing?" If you were looking how could you not have seen me?" She shot back. He reddened. He opened his mouth to say something back but a skier with bright red hair came over and stopped next to him. "You okay Darce?" 'Darce' nodded and turned and continued snowboarding down the mountain. The red head sighed and turned to Lizzy apologetically. "I'm awfully sorry about him, he's just having a bad day I suppose." He smiled. "I'm Charlie Bingley." "Lizzy Bennet. You new around here? I don't think I've seen you around before." "Yeah, I just rented out Netherfield." Lizzy's eyes widened. "The massive manor off the Noota track? Wow..." Charlie turned red. "Yeah... I guess you could say I'm kinda rich." He shrugged and laughed and Lizzy laughed with him. She liked Charlie. He was the polar opposite of his friend and she had no idea how that worked but she found she didn't care, Charlie made up for his less than friendly friend. "Do you want to come boarding, or in your case skiing with me and my sister? We're just about to head over to Eta track." Charlie shrugged. "Sure. Darce probably buggered off somewhere anyway... I'll catch up with him later." They made their way down the mountain together and found Jane down the bottom, frantically looking for her sister. When she was Lizzy, Jane's face lit up with relief. "Oh Lizzy, thank God. When I couldn't find you down the bottom of the mountain I was so worried." They hugged each other and that was when Jane saw Charlie and he saw her. They froze and both immediately looked at the ground blushing. Lizzy saw the instant attraction and smiled. "Janey, it's okay, I just bumped into an arrogant pig who happened to be this guy's mate. I asked if he wanted to come ski with us, I hope you don't mind." Jane shook her head. "Perfect. Jane this is Charlie Bingley, Charlie, this is my sister Jane." They shook hands shyly. Then Jane's eyes widened in recognition. "Charlie Bingley as in Charles Bingley, Will Darcy's agent from Bingley Agencies?" Charlie looked completely surprised and stared at Jane. "Jane as in Jane Bennet, the most successful sporting agent from Kydo Agencies?" Jane nodded. "Wait a minute... Does that mean the person you bumped into was the Will Darcy?" Jane asked her sister bewildered. Lizzy shrugged in return. "Yep. That was him. Sorry about that Lizzy." Charlie said. "That's okay Charlie. Who knew the greatest snowboarder in the world could be such an ass." "Lizzy!" "Sorry Jane, no offense Charlie, but he was. I'm going to go down the Deaken track again, you two head on over to Eta, I'll see you at dinner Jane. Nice meeting you Charlie." "You too Lizzy." Charlie smiled. "Be careful Lizzy." Jane said sternly. "I always am. Bye!" Lizzy waved and made her way to Deaken track. She smiled as she thought about Jane and Charlie. It was about time for her sister to find someone. She had stayed single far to long. Thank God it was Charlie Bingley she had fallen for and not that ass of a man Will Darcy. Thank God. What do you think? Hopefully you like it! Don't forget to R&R xxfaithinfools
Sorry for the short chapter guys but my mini exams are coming up! Wish me luck and I hope you like it. and no I do not own any of the characters. xx faithinfools My momma told me One day Imma grow up big and Imma be a king And my poppa told me It's okay to sing when shit hurts Don't forget your dreams Be a King - E-dubble "Elizabeth Bennet! I told you for the last time, get your feet off the table! We're trying to set it for dinner! Get up and make yourself useful!" Fanny Bennet hollered at her least favourite daughter. Lizzy merely rolled her eyes at Jane who hid a smile and walked out of the room and down the hallway, heading to her father's study. She knocked quietly. "Come in." A deep voice from within grumbled. She smiled. She had always loved the sound of her father's voice. "Hey Dad." She said brightly. He looked up and smiled. "And she comes back! Come to ask me if you can move in again have you? Think that you've been missed? Well sorry to tell you my dear, I've turned your old bedroom into a new bathroom." Lizzy laughed. "As if. first of all, there's no way I would move back into this crazy house. Secondly, you just wish you had me back. And thirdly, I went up to my bedroom two minutes ago and it's still exactly as I left it." Her father sighed while Lizzy sniggered. "Lizzy, Lizzy, Lizzy, what am I going to do with you? You're too smart for your own good. Now come here and give your old man a hug." She quickly crossed the room and threw her arms around her father. "I love you Daddy." "Love you too Lizzy." "We have to go to dinner now." "Do we have to?" Her father whinged. "Why do I always have to be the grown up one around here?" "You know you love it." "I really don't." Mr. Bennet sighed. "We best get down there then, or they might skin us alive." Lizzy laughed with her father as they made their way to the dining table, both relying on each other to get themselves through the meal. "Good Lord my dear, guess what Susie told me this morning?" Mrs Bennet gushed loudly. Lizzy winced. "I have no doubt that even if I didn't guess you would tell me–" Mrs. Bennet cut him off. "Netherfield has been bought!" She exclaimed excitedly. Jane and Lizzy shared a private glance. Jane hadn't had the chance to tell her what had happened with Charles Bingley but Lizzy intended to get it out of her by the end of the night. "And by a young gentlemen and his sister. He'll do nicely for you Jane, for he is rich to be sure. He just bought Netherfield. NETHERFIELD for goodness sake!" Jane smiled politely but said nothing. Lizzy laughed inwardly. Had their mother known that both Lizzy and Jane had met him she would have interrogated them, making sure that they told her every last detail of his being. "His name is Charles Bingley and his sister is named Caroline. She's a famous model. I believe that he has brought his friend and his friend's sister and cousin with him. And I haven't even told you the best news!" By this point Lydia looked utterly bored, and was listening to her iPod and Kitty, being the ever watchful shadow, copied her. Mary on the other hand was not paying the slightest attention to the conversation, instead reading another book of sermons. Mrs. Bennet looked around the table, expecting to have everyone's attention, only to see Jane's face looking up at her. "Lydia, Kitty put those away this instant! And Mary! How many times have I told you not to bring those silly books to read at the dinner table." They all ignored her and she sighed exasperated. She turned back to Jane. "They're coming to the Lucas' annual mountain party on Saturday night. You two girls have to go. And dress nicely." She said sternly looking pointedly at Lizzy. Lizzy shrugged. So what if her sense of fashion was not exactly classy. She looked down at her worn ugg boots, her ripped jeans and her black long sleeved top. It looked fine to her. "Now I'm to bed. You girls have stirred up my nerves." And with that Fanny Bennet bustled up the stairs to her bedroom. "Why do we have to go Jane?" "Because mother said so." "Jane you're 26. I'm 24. I'm pretty sure we long outgrew the need to listen and obey our mother's every whim." "Lizzy!" Jane cried outraged. "What?" Lizzy shrugged. "Besides! We'll be freezing our butts off in the cold in our dresses. We're on a mountain. Duh!" "Lizzy, it'll be inside like it always is. Stop being such a sook." "God Jane. You're such a bitch." "And you're such a… a… a… mangohead." "Jane… Is that even a real insult?" Jane laughed. "No I suppose not." "I'm sorry Jane. I didn't mean it. "I know Lizzy. I'm sorry I called you a mangohead." "I accept your apology." They both cracked up in laughter. "So why do you want to go to this party anyway Janey? You've never really been that into Char's parties… So why are you so excited for this one?" Lizzy sat back on the couch they were sharing, thinking. "Wait a minute. It's because a certain smiley red-head will be there isn't it?" Jane blushed a deep red. "I don't know what you mean." "Oh come off it Jane. You know exactly what I mean. Come on, tell me the truth or when I next see him, I'll tell him of the time when you had that whole tub of cookies and cream ice cream to yourself and you–" "NO!" Lizzy looked at her expectantly. Jane sighed. "Fine. Yes. It's because he'll be there." "Oooohhh. Tell me about the rest of your day with him on the slopes." "Well… He was charming and lovely. He's just like every man should be. He asked all these questions about me and told me all about himself and we share the same likes and dislikes and he's just perfect. It felt like he really wanted to know me, not just who I am in terms of Kydo Agencies or to get to one of my more famous clients." Jane said dreamily. "Well… Did you slip him the tongue then?" Once again Jane blushed bright red. "NO! Of course not! Jesus Lizzy! Do you really think that I would immediately just 'slip him the tongue' when I just met him?!" Jane said loudly. Lizzy couldn't reply. She was laughing too hard, falling off the couch in the process. Jane realised what Lizzy was up to and frowned. "You didn't mean it did you?" Lizzy shook her head, too busy laughing to make words. "Elizabeth Carla Bennet. You are such a mangohead." They both burst out into new peals of laughter, both falling off the couch simultaneously. It took them several attempted to get off the floor and back on the couch. "But you love me and you know it." Lizzy grinned cheekily. Jane sighed. "Unfortunately, yes. I do love you Lizzy bear." "I love you too Janey bird." Stay tuned for the next chapter: The Lucas' Mountain Party xx faithinfools
Hey Guys, I'm back! My mini exams were hectic, and as I am amazing at procrastination, I have come back to write another chapter! I will be continuing on with my other stories, it's just going to take time which, I don't have, or will be spending on procrastinating. *sigh* Year 12 sucks. Also, just putting it out there, I'm Australian, so if any of the words are spelt weirdly. It's cause I'm an Aussie. If they're spelt crazily, you'll know that I just went nuts. Thanks, I love reading your reviews, it makes me feel like I have friends :P (P.S. If you didn't know, I do actually have friends... just clearing that up...) xx faithinfools I got this feeling on the summer day when you were gone. I crashed my car into the bridge. I watched, I let it burn. I threw your shit into a bag and pushed it down the stairs. I crashed my car into the bridge. I don't care, I love it. I don't care. I Love It - Icona Pop Lizzy sighed as she stood in front of her wardrobe, looking for something to wear. She stared into the wardrobe, not willing to give in and start looking for her clothing. "Lizzy!" Jane cried outraged. "Yes Janey?" Lizzy said mockingly innocent. "Why aren't you dressed?!" "I thought I was dressed." "Lizzy. You're wearing a bathrobe." "Yep." "Do you seriously intend to go to Charlotte's in a bathrobe?" "Yep." Jane just rolled her eyes. "I honestly can't believe you Lizzy." "I know." Lizzy grinned. "But you know Janey, you look gorgeous. He won't be able to take his eyes off you." Jane blushed. She was wearing a light blue strapless dress that was tight around the jewelled bodice and then flared out in waves of silk to reach just above her knees. She had paired the dress with her light blue satin heels. Her make up was simple and her hair was lightly waved and down. "Do you really think so?" "Of course, you're always faultless." "Thank you Lizzy, now come on. I have to get you dressed or mum will never forgive you this time. Sit." She said forcefully. Lizzy sighed and resigned herself to the torture that was to come. "If only you hadn't had time to perfect those stupid puppy dog eyes of yours." "I'm not the only one to blame... You're the one that keeps falling for them." Lizzy sighed. "Touché, touché Jane." Lizzy grinned cheekily, "though, I'm not the only one who finds them fetching." Jane blushed. "Oh quiet you mangohead!" Lizzy just laughed. "Are you done yet?" Lizzy whined. "Almost." It had been over an hour, or so it felt to Lizzy and her sister had only done her hair and make-up. Lizzy now had a small, brown smokey eye to accentuate her brown eyes, bright red lips and a braid going across the front of her head and into a messy chignon at the nape of her neck. "Alright your hair and make up are done, now, just for what you'll wear. Ah ha! I've found it Lizzy!" "What?" Lizzy asked with dread. "This." Jane held up a one long sleeved, short black dress. It was gold patterned and fitted Lizzy perfectly, accentuating her curves. Lizzy looked at herself in the mirror and gasped surprised. She looked good, if she did say so herself. "Now let's go Lizzy! Or we will be extremely late." Lizzy sighed. She put on her black peep toe heels and they were off, to the mountain party. They walked through the crowded doors of Lucas Lodge, expecting the very sight before them. It was always the same. The lights were shining on the crowded dance floor, the DJ pumping out the beats while in another quieter room, the adults mingled and talked amongst themselves. Almost immediately Charlie had found Jane and they were off to the dance floor. Lizzy sighed and walked straight over to the bar. "Vodka. Lots of it." The bartender nodded and poured her two shots. "Thanks." She was about to reach for her two shots when a hand reached out and grabbed one of her shots and downed it before she could react. "Excuse me! I believe that those were for me." The person turned around and she registered her surprise when it was none other than William Darcy, resident jackass of the mountain. He just looked at her as if she was a small child of 5. His surprised expression lasted a fraction of a second before his mask of boredom slipped back into place. "You shouldn't be drinking too much alcohol." "What do you think I am? 5? Get over yourself." Lizzy downed the other shot in one go, ignoring the fire sliding down her throat. "Clearly, you're already drunk." "I am not!" Lizzy said indignantly. "You're simply just an ass." Lizzy was seething. She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked over, about to scream at the person, but it was only Charlotte. "Calm down Lizzy." She said rationally. The jackass smirked and all Lizzy wanted to do was whack that smirk right off his face but Charlotte restrained her. All of a sudden a high pitched shrill cut the air. The all looked out onto the dance floor where a formidable woman was pushing her way through the crowd in a garish orange dress that barely covered any of her small assets which were all threatening to spill over the top of her dress. Lizzy was sure she was wearing a push up bra. Not only that but the dress was so short, every time the woman bent over, her bright orange G-string was clearly on display for all to see. "Willy! I finally found you!" Caroline screamed wrapping her arms around jackass in a tight vice. Lizzy smirked while he just frowned uncomfortably trying to detach himself from Caroline's arms but she held firm. Caroline looked over to the two women Will was with and her eyes narrowed. "Who are you?" "I'm Lizzy and this is Charlotte." "I'm Caroline Bingley. This is my dear Willy." "It's lovely to meet you Caro and Willy." Lizzy said back innocently. Caroline looked at her with daggers in her eyes. She turned to Will miffed. "Why don't we go dance Willy?" "Yeah Willy, why don't you go along and dance." Lizzy smirked, while Charlotte tried to hide her smile next to her and with that Caroline dragged Willy to the edge of the dance floor and started grinding up on him while he tried to avoid her at all costs. Lizzy laughed. Served him right. She ordered another two vodka shots which she and Char quickly drained and together they hit the dance floor. "Charlotte, I'm going to the bathroom, I'll be back!" Lizzy yelled in her friend's ear as she could see that Char had an eye on the hot little number next to her. Lizzy laughed freely and walked towards the bathroom. As she came back she decided to watch the dancing from behind one of the massive pillars in the ballroom, little did she know that on the other side of the pillar stood one William Darcy and one Charlie Bingley. "She's an angel. She's gorgeous, polite and lovely." Bingley sighed. "Everything I could ever want in a woman." Will rolled his eyes. "Of course." "Oh come on Darcy! Surely there's someone here that's good enough for your incredibly high standards." Lizzy crept closer, interested in their conversation. "Nope. No one at all. I agree your Jane is lovely but she's all yours." "Isn't she just? But what about her sister Elizabeth? She's cute and is quite stunning in her own way and her sense of humour is neverending." Right then and there Lizzy decided she liked Charlie a lot and she approved of her sister dating him. "She's just an annoying spoilt little brat, who can't snowboard properly. She's tolerable enough, just not good enough to suit my tastes, or any guy's around here I wager." Lizzy was outraged. She couldn't stand him. Lizzy walked back to where Charlotte was dancing, muttering all the swear words she could think of under her breath. "What do you do Lizzy?" Charlie asked her. She was in a conversation with Jane, Charlie, Jackass and Charlotte. "Me?" She smiled evilly. "I'm a snowboarding instructor here on the mountain, but what would I know right? I'm just an annoying spoilt little brat who can't snowboard properly." Bingley choked on his drink while Jackass raised his eyebrows a millimetre before they returned to their normal position. Lizzy calmly took a sip of her drink and smiled brilliantly at Charlie. "Well, I'd best be off, I have some early morning classes tomorrow. It was lovely seeing you again Charlie. Have fun and make sure my sister returns home at a suitable hour." Both Bingley and Jane blushed bright red. She walked off, out of the house when a hand reached out and grabbed her arm. She turned around to see Jackass. "What do you want?" "How are you getting home?" "I'm walking if you must know nosy posy." She retorted. "In those?" Jackass pointed at her shoes. "Yes. What of it?" "But that's just stupid." "Thank you for calling me stupid but I do believe I have to get home now." She said, her eyes hardened. She wrenched her arm out of his grip and started walking in the snow, her feet freezing but she didn't care. Suddenly her feet weren't on the ground anymore and she had been thrown over his shoulder. "Put. Me. Down." She said dangerously, furious. "No." He stated calmly. "Which was is your house?" Lizzy kicked and punched but he would not put her down. She sighed and pointed. He started walking in silence and within 5 minutes they were at her house. He put her down on the step and watched silently as she opened the door with her keys. She turned to face him and put on a false smile. "Thank you for taking me home against my own will." He nodded. She saw her opportunity and raised her leg with her heels still on and kicked him in the family jewels. He keeled over and groaned in pain. "What on earth was that for?" He yelled at her. "For being a complete jackass!" She yelled back and turned quickly and shut the door in his face. Lizzy sighed and leant back against the door. She had just kicked the world's most famous and best snowboarder in the nuts and it felt good. She laughed and walked up to her bedroom. She couldn't wait to tell Charlotte and Jane everything in the morning, but for now she'd have to settle for the satisfaction of kicking the formidable William Darcy in the nuts. She fell asleep with a smile still on her face. This is similar to what I envisioned for Lizzy's dress but with a better gold pattern: /p/298301/dresses-cocktail-dresses-short-dresses-n ew-forever-21-2008585291 This is similar to Jane's dress: pr/Allure-A408/31187 Hope you liked it. R&R xx faithinfools
I'm back, time to see what Lizzy the courageous does next. xx faithinfools let this be our little secret no one needs to know we're feeling higher and higher and higher higher and higher and higher Little Secrets - Passion Pit "Elizabeth Bennet you did what?!" Jane shouted at her. "I simply kicked him in the balls Jane, I'm pretty sure you heard me and I'm pretty sure I speak English." Jane groaned in response. "I can't believe you did that." She mumbled, sinking onto the couch in shock. "What? He totally had it coming to him." "Of course he did Lizzy." Jane sighed, a moment of silence passed. "Well this is awkward..." Jane turned away sheepishly. Lizzy caught on immediately. She narrowed her eyes. "Jane... What did you do?" Lizzy asked. Jane couldn't look at her. "Jane Eleanor Bennet. What have you done? I still have that cookies and cream ice cream story to tell you know..." "I may or may not have invited Will and Charlie to come skiing with us this afternoon." Jane said in one breath, biting her lip cautiously looking at Lizzy for any signs of anger. Surprisingly, she had none. "Bring. It. On." "Uh oh. Lizzy what are you planning?" Lizzy smiled innocently and calmly took a sip of her coffee. "Nothing Jane. Absolutely nothing." Jane sighed. She knew it had been a bad idea but Charlie was just so cute, she couldn't resist. "Alright kiddies, that's it for the day, go have fun on the mountain but be careful, don't take on anything too difficult for your level and try not to show off." Lizzy told her class solemnly. "Oh, and Georgiana, could you please stay back for a moment please." Georgie nodded and wondered what Lizzy wanted to say. "Want to go boarding for a while?" "Sure, why not? I've got to quickly go ask Rich and then I'll be back." "Meet me at the hot chips place in the shopping centre." Georgie nodded. "See you in five and here's my number if you need it." Lizzy smiled as she watched Georgie walk away. Georgie had gained her confidence quickly and was being more open and more outgoing around Elizabeth, something Lizzy liked very much. "Alright. I'm going to teach you something here. When you skid to a stop if you push your board out in a particular way, you can send a wave of powdered snow over anyone you don't like." Lizzy laughed. "It's quite fun. You need to work on your turns and make them sharper, it'll give you more edge, throw your body into it a bit more." Georgie laughed. She had never had so much fun with a friend. "Watch and learn." Lizzy made her way down a third of the track and stopped suddenly, spraying snow out in front of her. "Your turn!" She shouted at Georgie. The younger girl went down with speed and stopped right behind Lizzy, copying her movements and spraying her with newly powdered snow. Lizzy squealed as the cold ice flew into her thermals. "That was so unfair!" Georgie giggled. "I only learn from the best." In return, she got a fistful of snow thrown right at her face. She spluttered and wiped it off quickly. "I'm going to get you for that Lizzy!" Lizzy screamed and quickly boarded down the pass. They went left and right, turning with precision and speed. Suddenly Lizzy stopped and Georgie pulled up behind her. "What's up?" Georgie asked concerned. Lizzy pointed down the bottom of the pass. "Isn't that your brother?" Georgie squinted. "Yeah it is. It looks like he's with Charlie and a blonde girl, oh and Caroline." Lizzy looked down again. She laughed. Caroline was hard to miss in bright orange ski gear, clinging to Will. "Eugh. Caroline." Lizzy shivered. "You feel the same huh?" "Yep. Does she even know how to ski?" "Yeah, she's pretty good actually, she's around about Charlie's level. I've seen her ski past with her friends before." "Yeash. Sucks to be him." They both laughed. "Be nice Lizzy." "Fine, fine. But you have to come meet my sister before we go up again." "Sure." "Oh and Georgie?" "Yeah?" "Want to know how to get Caro off your brother and make him really pissed off at the same time?" "Yes." Georgie said simply. Lizzy came closer and whispered into her friend's ear. When she was done, there were evil grins plastered on their faces. They quickly made their way down the mountain and stopped right in front of Will and Caroline, putting their practise into drive and spraying snow all over the 'happy' couple. Both Caroline and Will had started to turn red with anger under the layer of snow that was dripping off their faces while Lizzy and Georgie had fallen onto the ground, unable to help themselves from laughing. Jane was trying to hide a smile while Charlie was laughing openly. Finally when they had settled down, both Lizzy and Georgie were able to get back up after several attempts. "I didn't know you were out boarding Lizzy." Jane said smiling. Lizzy grinned. "Oh Jane, it's been wonderful. Jane, this is Georgiana Darcy, Georgie, this is Jane, my sister." "It's awfully nice to meet you." Georgie blushed. She had suddenly become a lot quieter after they had joined the group. "I thought you were snowboarding with Rich today G." Will frowned. He hadn't given his sister permission to go boarding, especially with Elizabeth Bennet. "Yeah, but Lizzy asked me to go boarding with her and Rich said it would be fine." "And you thought it was funny to spray snow in Caroline's and my faces?" "Yes." Georgie said innocently. Lizzy had to laugh. It was too funny. Georgie looked over at her and grinned. "Georgiana! I haven't seen you in ages my dear! You are so cute." Caroline said, fawning over Georgie. She in turn shifted uncomfortably. "Speaking of which, I haven't gone shopping in a while, you must come with me on the weekend Georgiana, it'll be fun to have some girl time." "Umm... Actually Caroline... I already said I'd go with Lizzy..." Caroline shot glare in Lizzy's direction but put on a false smile for Georgie. "Some other time then." "And when did you ask me about this shopping trip?" Will asked in disapproval. Georgie cowered. "Sorry Will... I asked Rich and he said it was okay and..." Lizzy cut her off. "I'm afraid Darcy, she will be coming with me whether you like it or not. Because a) cousin Rich said it was okay and I completely trust cousin Rich. b) she obviously needs some new things which I'm sure you would not want to go shopping with her for and c) I'm clearly the greatest person on this planet, why wouldn't she come with me? Look at her right now, she's in awe." Lizzy grinned rakishly at Georgie who stuck out her tongue. "She's got plenty of clothes at home." "I was talking of bras and underwear Darcy. Like Victoria's Secret and all that jazz..." He quickly reddened and said nothing. "I guess the shopping trip is still on Georgie." "Hey do you two want to come snowboarding with us? We were just about to head over to Msala." They both looked each other and shrugged. "Why not?" They paired up and went up to the top of the track. "Hey Lizzy?" "What you scoundrel?" "Bet I can beat you down there." Lizzy scoffed. "Yeah right." Georgie grinned and threw a handful of snow in her friend's face before speeding off down the mountain laughing. "I'm going to get that girl." Lizzy shook her head and flew down the mountain, turning and passing several people down the mountain. She quickly passed Georgie and made it to the bottom before her. "Told you I would beat you. You're getting good though. Just work on your technique and speed a bit more and you'll be amazing." "Thanks Lizzy." Georgie beamed. Jane and Charlie stopped beside them. "Jesus Lizzy that was fast. It's a wonder you haven't been picked up by a sporting agent yet." Lizzy tensed and looked at Jane with panic in her eyes. "Yes well Lizzy was always better at teaching then racing." Jane said smoothly. Charlie shrugged. "What ever suits you." Lizzy breathed again. That had been too close to home for her liking. Georgie looked at her friend curiously. She had seen Lizzy's expression when Charlie had talked about sporting agents. She wondered what that was all about. She would have to remember to ask later. "Where's Darcy and Caro?" Lizzy asked changing the subject. Charlie sighed. "She kept falling over and ever the gentlemen, he kept helping her up and letting her lean on him." Lizzy and Georgie giggled. "Well Jane and I better head home, it's been a long day. It was nice boarding with you all." Lizzy said smiling. "Georgie, I'll text you about tomorrow yeah?" Georgie smiled. "Sure." Lizzy walked a little bit away, leaving Jane and Charlie to say their goodbyes somewhat privately. It had been another good day. Lizzy smiled, an extremely good day. What did you think? Next is shopping with Georgiana Darcy and possibly Netherfield. I am letting you all know that this story will take a slightly different story line to the actual book, as I want it to be more original and interesting. Some bits will be the same, some bits different and I think you'll all enjoy the surprises I have in store. xx faithinfools
Hello, I'm back after a stressful weekend of UMAT. If you don't know what that is, good. You are slightly a bit smarter than anyone else who actually wants to attempt the damn thing (i.e. me.) :P Anyway, back to the story. If you are reading this, be aware this won't follow the usual storyline, there will be a BIG twist. Hopefully it's big... If you were expecting it... Then damn you. You're no fun... :( But I do promise that William Darcy will get his girl... eventually... I'm getting there... slowly... :\ Here we go... xx faithinfools It's like rain on the ground that doesn't fall It's a thing that we should have seen before We keep on searching for some more But we won't find what we're looking for We won't find it at all Rain On The Ground - Jordan Millar It was finally the weekend and Lizzy had Georgie all to herself. She couldn't wait. She had been in need of a shopping trip anyway... Her clothes were getting old as Caro loved pointing out every time they met. "Georgie!" "Lizzy!" They squealed and hugged each other delighted. "Let's go! I'm so excited!" After hours of shopping both girls emerged with bags of clothes, ready for lunch. "Oh. My. God. Will is going to kill me." Georgie squealed, laughing as the waiter took their order. They smiled at each other and ordered a club sandwich each. "Hey Lizzy..." Lizzy frowned. She knew that tone of voice. It was exactly when Jane wanted Lizzy to tell her something. "Yes Georgie...?" "Well.. I was wondering..." "Yess...?" "Why were you so scared when Bingley mentioned sporting agents?" She said in a rush. Lizzy tensed up, freezing her body rigidly. She wasn't ready. She knew she wasn't ready. She couldn't tell her. Not now. Maybe not ever. She took a deep shaky breath but nothing came out of her mouth. Her eyes teared up and she looked away. Georgie scooted over and wrapped her arms around Lizzy. "What is it Lizzy? You know you can tell me. You can trust me." "I know, but I can't, I just can't. Not now." Lizzy whispered. Georgie held her tight and took a deep breath. "Well Lizzy, let me tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a little girl, and one day, she met a man. He was gorgeous with bright blue eyes, a seductive smile and the most amazing body. They went out on countless dates, each time, he persuaded her not to tell her brother what was going on. Then one day he told her he loved her and that they should run away and get married, without the brother's consent. She was thrilled and immediately said yes. She was on the moon with happiness, but she couldn't keep it a secret, she had to tell her brother, he should be at her wedding after all. So she did that night. Her brother was enraged and when the man came to their secret spot, he found her brother and cousin waiting for him. They wanted to punch the living daylights out of him but couldn't, they didn't want the girl to be more hurt than she already was. So the man settled for a large sum of money and left, never to return. And that girl was heart broken, she withdrew from all interaction with other people and barely spoke, but eventually she got better but the hole he had left in her heart wouldn't be filled. Not yet at least..." Georgie trailed off. She couldn't look at Lizzy. "It was you wasn't it, the little girl?" Lizzy whispered. "Yeah. He hurt me bad Lizzy." Georgie looked up at her older friend. "You're the only friend I have at the moment... I've never told anyone that story before..." Her smile was wavering, "but it felt good Lizzy." "Who was it Georgie?" "George... George Wickham... If you should ever have the misfortune of meeting him, don't listen to a word he says, but Lizzy, promise you won't tell anyone?" "Of course." She smiled warmly at her friend. "I'm glad you told me Georgie." "I am too Lizzy but please, tell me what happened, it will help." "I can't. Not now. Maybe one day Georgie, but not now. I'm sorry, but it's too soon. But I can promise you, that one day I will." Georgie nodded. "I understand. I'll keep you to that you know." Lizzy smiled. Their orders arrived and conversation switched to their families and homes. "I know. Where are you from Georgie?" "I'm from Derbyshire, it's in the country. It's lovely there and I live at a big mansion called Pemberley. It's a family estate. What about you?" "Well, I originally come from the southern end of London but my family moved here when we were really young and we practically run the mountain, our whole lives revolve around running the place and all the lessons that go on." "But what do you do in Summer then?" "We migrate. We practically live in winter, all year round. I know. It sounds horrid but you get used to it after a while." Lizzy shrugged. "We run quite a few mountains around the world but here is where we usually stay. We own a couple in Japan, one or two in the Swiss Alps and a few in France and a lot in America and one in Australia. Dad usually takes business trips all around the different mountains to make sure they're going alright." "Doesn't that mean you're rich?" "Not really... In a way we could be, but a lot of the money we make from the winter seasons go into making the next season even better, we're continually making all the mountains better, or so we hope." "That's awesome! What's your family like?" "Well, I've got dad who runs the whole thing and he's pretty conservative and keeps to himself most of the time, my mum, she's another story altogether. She is obsessed into making us all marry at a young age to the wealthiest man possible but honestly, she can get stuffed. Then there's my four sisters. Jane, you've already met and she's a complete angel and Charlie is perfect for her. Mary is a 18 and is a study bug, she hates the winter seasons and keeps to herself most of the time. She rarely goes out on the slopes, she prefers to stay inside and finds solace in her books. Kitty and Lydia... Well... I love them but honestly they're so silly and flirt with anything that is male and moves. What about you?" "Well... My parents died a long time ago..." "Oh Georgie... I'm so sorry." Georgie shrugged. "It was a long time ago now... Anyway I have my older brother Will, who is an amazing person, he's just a little rough on the outside, oh and my co-guardian Rich. He's hilarious. I hope you get to meet him... He's pretty much awesome." "Oh, I wonder why I haven't seen him around if he's on the mountain all the time..." "Did I hear my name, or was it just me?" A masculine voice from behind them said cheerfully. Both girls jumped. "Rich!" Georgie squealed and ran over to hug her cousin before cuffing him over the head. "Ow! What was that for!?" "For scaring us!" Lizzy turned around to meet a pair of intense green eyes staring at her. The eyes belonged to a handsome face, a mop of brown hair and a lean, tanned body. "Oh." "Oh Lizzy! I forgot, this is my cousin Rich, Rich, this is Lizzy Bennet, my snowboarding teacher and best friend." She beamed while Lizzy and Rich just stared at each other. "Oh." Lizzy blushed as she realised she had been staring at him for too long. He smiled warmly in return. He blushed and held out his hand. "Rich." "Lizzy." She shook his hand firmly and let it fall limp to her side. "What brings you here cousin Rich?" She giggled and he chuckled in return. "Well Miss Lizzy, I am here to accompany my cousins, we're supposed to be on holiday." "Supposed to?" "Will never takes a break." "Oh. Is that why he always has a scowl on his face?" "That, and the fact that Caroline practically latches onto his arm every time she sees him." Lizzy and Georgie giggled while Rich chuckled. "Well, I best be off, I wouldn't want to ruin special girl time without Rich..." He pouted, trying to look sad while the girls laughed at him. "See you later Georgie, I hope to see you around Miss Lizzy." She smiled shyly. "I hope so too Rich." "Bye Rich!" Georgie hugged her cousin tight before he walked away, giving both ladies one last wave. They watched and sighed as his fit body blurred into the crowd. "He's great isn't he?" "That he is." Lizzy replied softly. "You like him." Lizzy turned and gaped at her young friend. "I do not!" "Yes you do, I saw it all over your face." "That's just... crap!" Lizzy stammered, trying to look for the right words, blushing. "He's just so... friendly and..." "Humorous?" "Humorous." "And cute." "And cute." "And hot." "And hot." "And sexy." "And sex–" Lizzy stopped as she realised exactly what Georgie was trying to do. "Georgiana Elise Darcy! Stop putting words in my mouth!" Georgie giggled. "So you DO like him." Georgie winked and nudged Lizzy in the ribs. "You're not going to stop until I admit to this are you?" "Yep." "Finnneee. You're just about as bad as Jane. He's a very attractive and funny young man. There. Happy now?" "Extremely." Georgie beamed. "Let's get back to shopping otherwise we won't make it back in time and your brother will have my head for keeping you out late. Lizzy got back to her apartment exhausted. It was only 7:30pm and she was already ready to drop dead on her bed. Instead, she chose the couch. The snow storm outside the house had already begun, the wind wailing and the sheets of ice were pounding down on the roof. "Jane! I'm home! Have you made dinner yet? I'm starving!" Lizzy shouted. There was no reply. "Jane!" Lizzy sat up immediately. Her sister always answered her call. Lizzy leaped off the couch and sprinted into the kitchen, and finding a note on the counter, stopped her panic attack. She picked up the note and started to read. Lizzy. I am over at Charlie's house, he invited me for lunch. I should be home at about 6:00pm to cook dinner. Love you lots as always, Jane. Lizzy relaxed, until she read the note again. Hold on. 6:00. It was almost 8 now. Lizzy sprinted to the phone on the wall and called her sister's mobile as fast as she could. When there was no reply, her panic attack had started to creep back and she dialled again. This time someone answered the phone, only it was an extremely masculine voice. "Hello?" "Jane?" "Sorry, it's Charlie Bingley, Jane's sleeping at the moment." "Oh Charlie, thank God! It's Lizzy." "Oh Lizzy! I was just about to call you..." "What is it? Has anything bad happened to Jane?" "If by bad you mean she currently has a really bad cold and a fever then yes, something bad has happened." Lizzy gasped, horrified. "She decided to ski here, as you can see, it didn't end really well... I don't think she was wearing enough clothing. Relax Lizzy, I'll take care of her over here. The doctor can't come out to see her because of the storm, but I promise you she'll be safe." Lizzy shook her head. No. She had to go to Jane, she had to. "No Charlie. I'm coming over, I hope you don't mind but I have to, it's Jane. I'll bring a bag of her stuff and my stuff over as well, just in case we have to stay for a little longer than expected." "Sure, but Lizzy, how will you get here in all this snow?" "Trust me Charlie. This Bennet always has a plan." With that, she hung up and ran to her bedroom, throwing all the things she thought she'd need into her waterproof backpack. Next, to Jane's room to collect her things. Lizzy quickly dressed as warm as possible and waddled into the wet room, quickly lacing up her boots and grabbing her board, she was ready to face the weather. Lizzy opened the door and gasped. She could barely see a metre in front of her, let alone navigate the mountain. This would be one hell of a journey. It had taken Lizzy a good two hours to reach Charlie's house. She had gotten lost at least 5 times but had managed to find her way to his front door, even if the house did have no lights on, it was still pretty hard to miss. It was with anxiousness that she reached up and rang the doorbell. When no one answered, she rang it again and again, and again. Lizzy began to panic, what if something had happened to Jane... What if– The door opened and she was met with the girliest scream she had ever heard in all of her 24 years of life. The figure reared back when a red head came running to the front door, clearly half asleep. "Will? What is it– Oh." Charlie beamed. "Hello Lizzy." And with that Lizzy started to laugh. The formidable William Darcy screamed like a girl. When she had finally stopped laughing she grinned back. "Hey Charlie. Sorry I took so long, I got lost." "Geez... You boarded here? You must be freezing! Come in, come in." Lizzy side stepped past Darcy, smirking at his expression. "Sorry about all the ice and water and stuff... It's hell out there." "That's alright. Come say hello to the gang, then I'll take you to your room and you can dry off and warm up before seeing Jane." Lizzy nodded and Charlie led her into another room where Will had suddenly appeared in the love seat next to Caroline who was wrapped up in him, Richard and Georgiana on the floor playing snap by the fire place. "Lizzy's here everybody." "Lizzy!" Rich and Georgie exclaimed while Will stayed silent and Caroline just glared. "Why are you here?" Georgie asked, surprised. "Jane. She's here for her sister." Will answered. Everybody looked at him in surprise while he shrugged and looked down at his lap. Lizzy burst out laughing. She couldn't help it. "Shut up." "Not my fault you screamed like a girl." Lizzy answered. "Ohhh, so that was you who was screaming." Rich said amused, I thought it might've been Jane or Caroline it was so extremely high pitched." Everyone laughed while Will blushed. He muttered something under his breath. "Yes Will?" "She scared me." "Now how could poor little Miss Lizzy scare big ol' you?" "She looked like an abominable snowman..." "A what?" "Abominable snowman." Will muttered, embarrassed while all the others roared in laughter. "Who knew you were so scared of snowmen." Charlie said shaking his head in amusement. "Come, I'll take you to your room." Together they walked up the stairs. "Here's your room. Jane's is that one across the hall. If you need any of us, we'll be downstairs in the room we were just in." Lizzy nodded. "Thanks Charlie." "You're welcome." Charlie smiled and walked back down the stairs. Once Lizzy was dry and warm she slipped across the hall into Jane's room and breathed a sigh of relief. Jane was there, alive, breathing, sleeping. Lizzy pulled over a chair and sat down near the bed and slipped her hand into Jane's. Jane's eyes fluttered open. "Lizzy?" Jane said softly, confused. "Oh Jane." Lizzy began to cry, tears down her face. "Shhhh Lizzy, I'm here, I'm safe." "I was so scared. I didn't know... I just kept imagining–" Lizzy stopped herself and more tears fell. "Come here." Lizzy held her sister tightly, relishing her embrace. "Shhh, shhh, it's alright. I just need rest that's all." "I know, I'm being silly aren't I Janey?" Lizzy smiled and sat back, holding her sister's hand. "Go back to sleep Jane, you need the rest." "Don't let go." "I won't." "I love you Lizzy." "I love you too Jane." Lizzy watched her sister fall back to sleep, smiling at her sister's serene face. She would be alright. I hope you liked it. Please review, what do you think? It's not too late to change the story plot but I want to follow and see where this one goes... Tell me what you think. Don't worry, everything will work out in the end... xx faithinfools
Hey guys, I'm back. Sorry it's taken so long, but I am an extremely busy person BUT I have put in an extra LONG chapter to make up for it... hopefully... Anyway, thanks for all your reviews so far! It's what keeps me updating :) I would like your opinion however, should I do a chapter of someone else's point of view? Georgie? Will? Rich? Charlie? Jane? Let me know what you think by reviewing, I could do a poll, but a) I doubt anyone would actually do it and b) I don't know how to do one... awks... have fun reading, I hope you like it :) P.S. I own none of these characters, all Jane Austen. xx faithinfools If you'd agree to be my love, I'd build you a world to fit like a glove, And there you would rule and be queen, A world with no crying. Lady Percy - King Charles Lizzy woke up extremely confused. Where on earth was she? Why was she here? Lizzy shook her head and stood up dizzily. She looked down at her hand, holding Jane's. The memories of the night before flashed through her mind. She smiled. A knock sounded from the door. "Come in." Lizzy called out as quietly as possible. Charlie came in, a worried expression on his face. "How is she?" "Not too bad, her fever has lessened but the storm looks like it's still pretty bad outside." Lizzy glanced out the window. Charlie nodded, relief spreading over his face. "You can stay as long as you need." Lizzy beamed. "Thanks Charlie." Jane began to stir. Lizzy and Charlie hovered by the side of the bed anxiously. "Lizzy? What am I doing here?" Jane opened her eyes slowly. "Charlie?" She asked confused. "I'm here Jane." Lizzy said, comfortingly. "Oh Jane." Charlie sighed, already lost in her eyes. "Are you feeling any better Jane?" "A bit better thanks Lizzy. Have you been here all night?" "Yep. I promised didn't I?" Lizzy asked playfully. "True. You must be hungry by now, it's almost lunch time." "I'm not hungry Janey." Lizzy said at the same time her stomach grumbled loudly, Charlie and Jane laughing at her, before Jane started to cough. Lizzy narrowed her eyes, disappointed in her stomach's betrayal. "Go eat Lizzy, I can take care of Jane." Lizzy smiled gratefully. "Are you sure Charlie?" "Of course. The kitchen is down the stairs and the last door on the left." "Thanks Charlie. Stay warm Janey. And both of you don't get into any funny business while I'm gone." Lizzy warned teasingly. They both blushed while Lizzy made her way out of the room and down the stairs. As she reached the kitchen she heard voices, one that was surely Caroline's. She breathed a deep sigh of apprehension. It was time to face the cavalry. "Bullshit. That is absolute bullshit. Loki is soooo much better looking than Thor." Rich argued loudly, while Will and Caroline looked at him like he was insane. "No Rich. Just no. Thor all the way." Georgie was arguing back. Lizzy stood, leaning in the doorway, smiling at their arguing. "Two words. Tom. Hiddleston." "If I didn't know you better I'd think you were gay." Georgie retorted back. It was cute the way her shyness left her when she was surrounded by her family, even if Caroline was there, she was still relatively comfortable arguing with her cousin. "Oh. My. God. Yes. Ryan. Gosling. What. A. Babe." With that Lizzy burst out laughing, she couldn't help it anymore. It was just plain hilarious. "Are you sure you don't swing that way Rich?" Lizzy asked giggling. "Oh I'm quite sure." Rich said seriously, looking up at her with his beautiful green eyes. Lizzy grinned. "Sure. Sure." "I'm glad you're here Lizzy, you have to agree with me. Thor over Loki in the Avengers movie. Right?" "Sorry Georgie, I'm going to have to agree with your cousin on this one. Tom Hiddleston is a god." "YES!" Rich reached out for a high-five which Lizzy gave him happily, her eyes widening when she felt the electricity between them. She looked at him, her eyes wide, his equally wide. Without realising it their hands intertwined. "Oh get a room!" They jumped back, blushing at Georgie's remark. "What's for breakfast? Or in your case lunch?" "Don't know. None of us can actually cook." Rich replied sheepishly. "WHAT!?" "We usually have the help do it." Caroline sneered. "That's just... stupid. You all have hands, why not do anything for yourselves?" "I normally have work, and am too busy to do such... menial tasks..." Will spoke up from his uncomfortable position on the couch. "Well sorry Mr. High-And-Mighty. We 'normal' people have work every day too you know and we still manage to do some things by ourselves." Lizzy rolled her eyes and scowled at Darcy and he scowled right on back. "Okay, okay. Calm." Rich said, trying to ease the tension. "Will, don't you have those hotel management emails to reply to?" Darcy nodded and stalked off into his room. Caroline, now thoroughly bored without Will left, to read more nonsensical magazines and soon it was just Lizzy, Georgie and Rich left. "Well, now that Caro and Willy boy have left, it's time for the real fun." Lizzy grinned evilly. Rich and Georgie just looked at each other, smiling, Lizzy may make quick and harsh judgements but one could not deny that she was a ridiculous bundle of fun. "So Lizzy... What are we doing?" Georgie asked curiously. "Ahh... What we are doing Georgie, is making the world's best crepes for breakfast ever." "Lizzy... It's lunch." "Lunch, breakfast, it's all the same in my world." Lizzy smiled. "Righto Captain Lizzy, what's first?" Rich asked, doing his best pirate impression. The girls just laughed. "First off, drop the pirate. We can barely understand you in normal English, but in pirate we don't stand a chance." Rich pouted as Lizzy giggled. "Secondly, get me the eggs man! Georgie grab the flour and some salt, milk. Oh! And some butter would be good. This is going to be great. I'm going to go look for some pans and bowls." Soon the three of them had all the ingredients and tools they needed. "Right. Now the only thing missing are aprons. Are you sure there aren't any in this old house?" "Umm..." Said Rich from the massive pantry in the corner... "Ah ha! Got em!" He emerged with three very pink aprons. "These will suit you perfectly cousin!" Georgie grinned. "Right. Now grab all the ingredients, and measure out the exact amount that I've written down over there and put them in this massive bowl. Don't forget to sift the flour." They all got to work and all was going well until Lizzy 'accidentally' threw a handful of flour in Rich's face. All three of them froze, shocked. Lizzy looked up at Rich with her hands over her mouth. His eyes narrowed. Oh. No. She squealed and immediately ran around to the opposite side of the table as Rich grabbed a massive handful of flour and chucked it in her face. She coughed and laughed as she ran back and threw some at Georgiana. A few seconds later and a fully fledged flour fight had begun. White powder was all over the room and soon they were on the floor, crying with laughter, covered in flour. "WHAT ON EARTH IS GOING ON IN HERE?!" Immediately it was quiet. They all looked towards the door, seeing Darcy standing, in shock and what appeared to be outrage. "We were merely cooking." Lizzy said innocently from the ground. "I don't see why it's any of your business Mr. Nosy Posy." He scowled at her. "Well Elizabeth, it just so happens that this is Charlie's house and someone has to clean this mess. If you call this cooking, I'd have to say I am ridiculously happy that I am not part of your family." He said sneering. "Georgie! Rich! I expected better of you." "Let us have our fun Will." "Sorry Will." Georgie said, eyes downcast. Lizzy's eyes burned with anger. How dare he treat his sister like that, as if he was better than her. She needed someone to support her after all she'd been through, not someone to degrade her. "Oh don't worry Darcy. We do intend to clean it up. Why don't you go along and finish your 'important' work and leave us in peace." Lizzy said snidely. He growled, turned and left the room. "I'm sorry about your brother Georgie." She said turning to the young girl, helping her up. "It's okay Lizzy, he's just very protective of me. Don't be so harsh with him, he truly is the best brother." Lizzy grumbled. "Alright, if you say so." She sighed. "We better get this mess cleared up." After they had finally finished cleaning the floury mess off the floor, they flipped the crepes and soon enough the delicious smell of chocolate, bananas, crepes and berries was too much. They quickly demolished the whole pile, not leaving any for anyone. Lizzy smiled. It had been the perfect morning, if she didn't count the small interruption with Mr. Up-himself. She sighed. She brewed a quick cup of tea and some pumpkin soup for Jane and walked upstairs and opened the door to find Charlie and Jane whispering, close together. She cleared her throat and both flew back from each other, blushing. "I brought you soup and some tea Jane." She said quietly. Jane smiled. "I better leave you two girls alone... I have to go do some... stuff... anyway..." "Stuff?" Asked Lizzy. "Yeah... Stuff..." He quickly left the room. Lizzy walked over to Jane's bed. Setting the tray on Jane's lap and watching as her sister ate her food in small mouthfuls. "How was your morning Lizzy?" "I'm sorry I wasn't up here earlier Jane but I got distracted. Me, Rich and Georgie made crepes together and got into quite a big mess." "I can tell." "Really? How?" Asked Lizzy curious. "You've got flour in your hair and all over your face." "Really? I thought I washed it all out." Lizzy said pouting. "Do you feel better Janey?" "Yes, I really do. That storm out there is just awful though isn't it?" "Yeah..." Lizzy trailed off, looking out the window at the snow. It was going to be a long few days. "6...7...8...9...10! Ready or not, here we come!" Will, Georgie, Caroline and Rich called out to the empty house. They had all decided to play a game of Sardines and Lizzy was currently hiding. She had found a secret compartment in the back of the library. She had fallen on it while she was looking for a place to hide. Lizzy sighed. No one would find her here. She was in a small room, with only a light and a couch in the middle of the room. She sat down on the couch and brought out a book from inside her jacket. She smiled. It was just going to be her and the couch and the light and her book and the- "AHA! I thought you'd be in here!" A voice said from behind her. Lizzy screamed as a hand clamped over her mouth. "Shhhh Lizzy! They might find us if you do that!" She looked up to see Rich with a goofy grin on his face. She pouted, pulling his hand off her face. "You scared me. That was just mean." She said placing the book on the couch, standing up. She crossed her arms. "Well... You were supposed to be hiding... Not reading..." Rich said smiling goofily. "Well... I am hiding..." He scoffed. "Sure sure..." "I was!" She said indignantly. "If I ever make crepes again, you're not invited. It'll just be me, Georgie and a WHOLE STACK of crepes." She looked away as he came closer. "NOOOOOOOOOOO!" He said mockingly sad. "I will do anything! ANYTHING! CREPES ARE MY LIFE!" She giggled as his theatrics grew bigger and bigger. "O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright! It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night Like a rich jewel in an Ethiope's ear; Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear! So shows a snowy dove trooping with crows, As yonder lady o'er her fellows shows. The measure done, I'll watch her place of stand, And, touching hers, make blessed my rude hand. Did my heart love till now? forswear it, sight! For I ne'er saw true beauty till this night." Lizzy giggled. He was ever the dramatic. She looked up at him, realising how close he was to her. He lifted her chin up towards his face and tilted his head. She looked up into his intense stare, her head mirroring his. She leaned towards him and he to her as she wrapped her arms around him. He looked into her eyes, searching. "Thus with a kiss I die." He whispered, his breath on her lips. She closed her eyes and- "RICHARD! ELIZABETH! YOU CAN COME OUT NOW! WE'VE GIVEN UP!" Darcy yelled, his voice coming closer. They both jumped back, startled at the sudden noise and both blushed, acutely aware that they had been about to kiss. Darcy barged through the door, opening it with force. "I thought you'd be here. Come on, it's almost time for dinner." Lizzy glared at Darcy. He had ruined her moment, their moment. She scowled at him. "Well come on, we don't have all day." He said in a bored voice. Rich walked towards his cousin. "Come Lizzy, he'll get his old granny knickers in a knot if we don't go out." He winked at her over Darcy's shoulder. She followed him, glad to be out from under Darcy's intense gaze. They walked to the hallway where Darcy left into the kitchen. "I'm going to eat with Jane tonight." She said quietly to Rich as they stood at the bottom of the stairs. "Oh... How is she?" "A lot better, I think we'll be able to go home tomorrow morning even." His face fell but he tried to smile for her sake. "Well... We'll miss you." He said swallowing visibly. "I'm sure we'll see each other on the mountain soon enough." She said, smiling softly. He smiled and reached out for a tight embrace. She stood back. "I'm going to go see Jane. I guess this is goodbye if I don't see you tomorrow morning." "Goodbye Lizzy." "Goodbye Rich." She turned, not noticing two pairs of eyes watching her. One from the hallway and one from the shadows. "Oh Jane, I'm sorry I've been abandoning you too much." "That's alright. I've had Charlie to keep me company." "Charlie hey?" Jane blushed. "So... Can I call him your boyfriend yet?" "No... Lizzy, he's not my boyfriend." "Well... have you made out yet?" Jane blushed in response and Lizzy gasped. "YOU HAVE! Why didn't you tell me!?" "Oh he's wonderful Lizzy, just as every man ought to be." Lizzy beamed. She knew Charlie wouldn't let her down. "That's great Janey! How are you feeling by the way?" Lizzy asked concerned. "Quite good actually, I can leave whenever." "Tomorrow morning?" Jane's face fell. "Oh don't worry Janey dear, you'll see him on the mountain soon enough. You know he can't stay away for long." "You think so Lizzy?" "I know so. And if he doesn't come seek you out, it means that he's not good enough for you." They giggled quietly. "So where have you been all day Lizzy?" Lizzy blushed, remembering the events of the day. "Oh. My. God. Why are you blushing?" Lizzy said nothing. "You never blush! Elizabeth Bennet. There is something you're not telling me and I will find out." Lizzy sighed. "Of course Jane. Not now." "Fine. Later." They smiled at each other and looked out the window into the white abyss. "It's still going, but less." Lizzy nodded, smiling. The storm had made it all happen. The almost kiss, the new boyfriend and the crazy crepe session. All in a few crazy days. Lizzy tossed and turned but she couldn't fall asleep. She sighed as she sat up in her bed. No matter how comfortable Charlie's beds were there was something off putting about them. The fact that they didn't feel like home. She got up and decided to get a book, reading always helped her sleep. She crept quietly to the library, picking a book off the shelf and turning on the small light beside the couch before sitting down and starting to read. A few minutes later the door opened to show none other than the stern William Darcy himself. Lizzy watched him from over her book as he went to the shelves and picked a book, getting ready to sit on the couch before squealing, seeing Elizabeth already on the couch. She put a hand over her mouth to keep herself from waking the whole neighbourhood. Once she had finished laughing she looked back up at him. "Umm.. I'm sorry... I didn't know you were here... I can leave if you like..." "Oh no, you can stay if you want." She said, gesturing to the other end of the couch. He hesitantly sat down and started reading his book, or so it seemed. Every time Lizzy glanced up, he was watching her and quickly looked down, as if embarrassed to be caught. She didn't know what he wanted, probably to look at her and see how ugly she was. She sighed. Enough was enough. "Can I help you with something?" He was startled by her question. "Umm... What are you reading?" "Romeo and Juliet. You?" "Othello." "Not one of my favourites I'm afraid." "But... but... Othello..." "Sorry... I'm afraid Romeo and Juliet trumps." "Anyway... How's Jane?" "Good, good. We're leaving tomorrow morning." "Oh..." His voice seemed to be filled with relief. "Yeah, Jane's a bit upset to leave but it'll be alright. She and Charlie are cute, don't you think?" "Yeah... But I mean, Charlie feels more than she does obviously." "What do you mean obviously?" "Well... Jane looks like she doesn't feel anything." Lizzy stood up in anger. "How dare you? Jane is just as genuine as she seems." "I haven't seen anything to indicate that." "Shut up! How dare you! She's my sister!" She furiously whispered. "Goodnight Mr. Darcy. I hope I won't be seeing you on the mountain." She left him, infuriated. She couldn't believe him. He was nothing more than a spoilt brat. It was ridiculous. She felt like screaming in anger. She hoped to never have to see him ever again. "Thank you so much for having us Charlie." "You're welcome." "I hope we see each other again... We didn't have enough time together." Lizzy said pouting. "I know... I wish... I know! I've got it!" "What Chuck?" "Chuck...? Anyway, I can have a party!" "You know... You do need to have a reason to have a party right...?" "Ummm... How about 'the storm is over' party?" Lizzy shrugged. "That works for me? What about you Jane?" "Sure." She said smiling. He visibly melted. "Anyway... I have to go unpack... Don't keep her out here for too long Chuck." Lizzy giggled and walked off into the house, giving the lovebirds some privacy. They deserved it. She sighed as she hit the bed. It had been a few hectic days. She was tired, her eyelids closed quickly, falling into unconsciousness. Sure enough invitations for Charlie's 'the storm is over' party were distributed the next day. So... Like girls do... They went into town for a day, shopping for clothes to wear to Charlie's 'the storm is over' party. Lizzy had brought Lydia, Kitty and Jane with her. She didn't know why... Oh wait… Yes she did. Her mother had insisted on them accompanying Jane and Lizzy shopping. Why she had agreed to it she had no idea. "Lizzy, what do you think about this?" Jane held up an emerald green dress, short but not too short, it wasn't too over the top, it was just perfect. It was one shouldered and had ruffles on the top, not too much but just enough. It had sequins going across under the bust that looked amazing. "You HAVE to try it on!" Lizzy squealed. Jane just laughed and shook her head. "Lizzy. It's for you." "For me?" Lizzy looked bewildered. "Lizzy. I bought my dress two shops ago when you said the pale pink one suited my figure." "Shit. Sorry Jane, I just haven't been concentrating I guess…" Jane smirked. "Well try it on then." Lizzy did as she was told and came out in a matter of seconds. "Oh my god Lizzy you look amazing!" Jane said, eyes wide in wonder. "Really?" Lizzy asked dubiously. She glanced in the mirror behind her and gasped. It fit her perfectly, showing off her curves all in the right places. "You're buying it. No buts, no nothing." Jane said mock sternly. "Fine Jane." Lizzy pouted but smiled when she saw her sister knew exactly what she was doing. "Don't do those puppy dog eyes at me Elizabeth Bennet." Lizzy grinned and slipped back into the change room and stripped off her dress, meeting Jane at the counter. As they were paying for Lizzy's dress, Jane glanced at her sneakily. "So Lizzy…" "Yes Jane?" "Who's the boy?" Lizzy blushed bright red. "Wh-wh-what do you mean?" Lizzy stuttered. "I mean you've not paid any attention to a word I've said all day. You have a boy on your mind. Spill Dizzy Lizzy or I'll… I'll….. feed you a rotten apple." Lizzy laughed. "You're terrible at insults Janey." "I know." Jane grinned sheepishly. "I will tell you only if you guess." "Finnnneee. Let's see… It's not Charlie is it?" She asked giving Lizzy a worried look. "Oh yes, because he would notice me when you're in the room." Lizzy said sarcastically. Jane blushed. "No." "Ummm…. Henry on Mcleod Street?" "Ew. No." "Hey, there was a time when you thought he was smokin'" Lizzy giggled. "Ummm… Oh my god, is it Will!?" "Will who?" Lizzy asked confused. "Darcy of course! I think he has the hots for you Lizzy." "No! Ew! No! Stop!" Lizzy cried. "Is he really that bad? Because I would totally– " Lizzy cut her off. "Stop Jane. He's nothing but a jackass." "Fine moving on… Umm….. I can't think of anyone else. Bugger." Jane thought really hard. "Wait… Wait… I've got it!" "Yes Janey my dear?" "Richard. Richard Fitzwilliam." Lizzy blushed and looked down at the ground sheepishly. "Ah ha! So that's why you wore make-up today, you thought you'd see him!" Her blush deepened. "Lizzy! Jane!" They both looked up and saw Lydia and Kitty on the arms of a gentleman who looked quite dashing in his snowboarding gear. We'll talk about this later, Jane mouthed. Lizzy sighed and nodded. "Who's this Lydia? Kitty?" Jane asked politely. "Oh Janey darhling. This is my George Wickham. He was ever so lovely to escort us back to you when we got lost on the street." Lizzy reeled back in horror. It was George Wickham. Georgie's George Wickham. Lizzy's face contorted to anger at what he had done to her friend. She had a plan. She smiled tightly. "Wickham was it? It's lovely to meet you." Lizzy said sarcastically. Jane shot her a look. Wickham reached down and took her hand, kissing it, while looking up at her smiling. "It's a pleasure, Elizabeth." Her eyes narrowed. "I don't remember giving you permission to use my first name." She said harshly. He recoiled but quickly recovered. Jane looked at her in astonishment. "I am sorry Miss Bennet." He said quietly. "Now shush Lizzy, you've hurt poor Mr. Wickham's feelings." "Oh I'm sure he's a big boy now Lyddie, he can take care of himself I'm sure." She said condescendingly. "A word Miss Bennet?" She nodded curtly and they moved away from her sisters and off the main street into a small, darkened alleyway. "I don't know what I've done to make you so angry at me Miss Bennet, especially seeing as we only met what… 5 minutes ago? But please know I mean you no harm, you can trust me." He moved closer towards her. Her eyes widened in panic, but she steeled herself. "I'm sure that you mean no harm Mr. Wickham but I don't believe I trust you." "Mmmmm… Well, we'll have to fix that won't we Miss Bennet." He looked at her, his eyes raking over her body, wanting to possess her. He stared at her breasts while moving closer still. "No George. We will not." "Now now Miss Bennet." He leant down, meaning to kiss her but Lizzy knew better and reared back, giving him a hard, big slap on the face and started running. He staggered at the weight of her blow but was quickly after her, grabbing her by the wrist tightly. She cried out in pain. His face now had a bright red handprint and his eyes were black and leering. "What was that for?" He whispered harshly. "That was for Georgiana Darcy. You heartless bastard." She whispered back ferociously. "UNHAND HER!" A voice shouted from a few metres away. He leered at her. "Looks like your little friends have come to save you, but be warned. Next time you won't be so lucky. I haven't finished with you Elizabeth Bennet. I've barely even started." She shuddered as he let go of her arm and she ran to the voice, seeing both Rich and Darcy coming towards her from the other side of the alleyway that she'd come. She ran straight into Rich's arms and sobbed. Darcy stalked past them fuming. He grabbed Wickham by the collar and took him further down the alleyway, furiously whispering at him. "Shhhhh, shhhh, calm yourself Lizzy. It's okay, it's okay." She looked up at Rich who smiled reassuringly. She held on tight. She knew she was safe in his arms. What do you think? Another viewpoint? Don't hate on me for making this romance happen, I warned you there would be a big twist. But all will end well. xx faithinfools
Sorry for the long wait, but there will be more, school holidays are coming... woo! xx faithinfools Come on Eileen Oh, I swear what he means (what he means) At this moment you mean everything You in that dress My thoughts I confess Verge on dirty Oh, come on Eileen Come on Eileen - Dexys Midnight Runners Lizzy peaked out from underneath Rich's arm to see Darcy striding back through the lane where Wickham had slunk off. She sighed. Thank god. "You complete and utter idiot. What kind of wanton woman are you? Do you always willingly go into dark and lonely alleyways with men you've only just met? Or do you not care for decorum?" Lizzy just blinked at Darcy. "Excuse me?" "You heard me. What kind of idiot walks off into a dark alleyway with an unknown man? Especially when that unknown man happens to be George Wickham?" "You bastard. You complete and utter bastard. How dare you accuse me of such a thing!" Lizzy yelled at him, outraged. "Calm down Lizzy, calm down." Rich soothed as he held her back as she tried to claw at his cousin. "And Will?" "Yeah?" Darcy asked. "Shut up." "But–" "No Will. Shut up. You will never learn will you? You've got to hear both sides of the stories first, not just Wickham's. Besides, when has that lowly little shit ever told a truth anyway?" Darcy blinked, stunned before dropping his head, ashamed. "I'm sorry." He mumbled. "Yes Will? A little louder. I can't hear you." Rich told him. Darcy rolled his eyes and sighed. "I'm sorry for assuming the worst Miss Bennet." She just huffed and turned her head away. "Your apology means nothing to me." She said as he grumbled under his breath as he walked away from the two, leaving them in the cold. Rich shook his head and turned to Lizzy. "Not to pry Lizzy, but why were you with Wickham anyway? Surely you knew he was going to try something on you after taking you into a dingy alleyway like this?" Rich asked, confused. "Well… Do you remember the day we met?" "Of course I do, how could I forget?" He smiled and she blushed. "Well that was the day Georgie told me about Wickham and when I saw him here I just had to do something, I got so angry, I couldn't believe that a man like him had the audacity to make a move on me after what he had done to Georgie and when he asked to talk to me I readily agreed, I was just so angry. I couldn't help it. I accused him of what he had done and then I slapped him." She admitted, her eyes to the ground. Rich burst out laughing as he stared at her. "You, Lizzy Bennet slapped George Wickham?" She nodded and he laughed again. "Wow… That doesn't happen every day…" "Yeah but then after that he threatened me and I was sure that he would have raped me if you two hadn't come along… Thank you." She said gratefully. "You're welcome Lizzy." He smiled. She looked up into his eyes as his arms enveloped her and as he leaned in closer, their noses almost touching, she closed her eyes, anticipating his soft lips on hers and– "Lizzy! Where are you?" They jumped back quickly as a frantic Jane peeped into the alleyway. As soon as she saw Lizzy she ran up to her and hugged her frantically. "God. Lizzy. Thank god. I got so scared when you didn't come out and I just freaked out." "Sorry Jane, I shouldn't have gone off with him. But luckily Rich here and Darcy saved me, though Darcy went off somewhere, I don't know where…" She said trailing off. "Saved you? Lizzy, what on earth do you mean?" Jane asked confused. "I'll explain some of it to you later Janey." Lizzy turned to Rich. "Can I tell her a bit about it?" "Be vague." He replied sternly. "I'm still confused. Lizzy. What did you mean they 'saved you'?" She looked at Lizzy worriedly. Rich sighed and moved to put an arm around Lizzy's shoulder. "He tried to rape her." Rich said simply. Lizzy just rolled her eyes at him. "Now you've just freaked her out. Look at her." They turned to look at Jane who was standing still in horror. Lizzy took Jane's hand gently and spoke soothing words, "Janey, he didn't try to rape me I promise. He just got really angry at me." Jane was shaking in horror. How could she had let her baby sister go off with a man who wanted to rape her? "Rich I think we should call Charlie, he'll be able to calm her." He nodded and moved away a bit, calling Charles. "Lizzy… Did you know?" Jane whispered. "I knew what he was capable of Janey." "How could you go off with him? How could you not tell me?" Jane asked, hurt. "Janey, you know I love you but I needed to talk to him and I didn't think he'd try anything in broad daylight." "Lizzy, he took you into a DARKENED ALLEYWAY. Doesn't that scream… oh I don't know… rapist?!" Jane whispered angrily. Lizzy hung her head. "I'm sorry Jane but I had to and the reason I didn't tell you was because it wasn't my secret to tell but I love you Jane." "I love you too Lizzy, just please, don't scare me ever again." "I promise. I'll make sure Rich or someone is with me if I see him again." Jane nodded and hugged her sister tightly. "You're too precious to me Lizzy, I can't lose you too." "I know Jane, I know." "We should tell dad." "I don't think he'd listen Jane and even if he did, he's a guest on the mountain so its not like he can really do anything about it…" "Ummm…. Lizzy…. He's working as a snowboarding instructor for this season." "WHAT?!" "Lyddie was telling me how dad hired him the other day." Jane said softly. Lizzy swore. "We're just going to have to keep our eyes open and make sure he doesn't corner one of us." "Agreed." "Charlie's on his way." Rich said, coming closer to both the girls. "I suggest we get out of this alleyway." Both girls nodded as Rich led them out back onto the bustling street. They talked quietly until Lizzy pointed out a mob of bright red hair making its way through the crowd towards them. Charlie. He ran up to them, hugging Lizzy and giving Jane a quick peck on the cheek before hugging her soundly. Lizzy looked up at Rich. He smiled down at her. Whenever she saw him, she realised that she felt stronger, happier even. "What do you guys say to going to the half pipe for the rest of the day?" Jane's eyes widened in surprise. "Are you sure Lizzy? You haven't attempted it in… Ages…" "I'm sure Jane, it'll help me take my mind off things, besides I won't be going too high off the ground." She said confidently. "If you're sure Lizzy…" Both men just shrugged and agreed to tag along, they wouldn't let their girls go without escorts as long as Wickham was around. I've got the whole plotline figured out, just gotta write it, come back again for Lizzy's snowboarding expertise and the introduction of the moronic Collins... xx faithinfools
Sorry for the long time before updating but here we go... Also to answer all queries D&E will happen and Rich will end up happy... How? You'll have to keep reading to find out... xx faithinfools I'm not afraid to fall it means I climbed up high to fall is not to fail you fail when you don't try not afraid to fall I might just learn to fly and I will spread these wings of mine Get Up - Superchick There it was. The halfpipe. Lizzy hadn't been down the halfpipe in three years. She took a deep breath in. You can do this. You can do this. She chanted in her head. Oh god. She couldn't do this. Whose stupid idea was this anyway? "Lizzy… This was your idea…" Chuck said, confused. "I said that out loud didn't I?" The other three nodded. Lizzy swore. "Can I talk to Jane for a moment… Alone?" The men nodded and moved off to talk to themselves. "You can do this Lizzy. I know you can." "What if I can't Jane? What if…What if I fall…?" She whispered, frightened. "You won't. I won't let you fall. He's there for you Lizzy, he always has been. Just search your heart." Lizzy reached for her locket at her neck. She nodded. She could do this. Henry was with her. He would want her to do this. "Ready Lizzy?" "Ready Jane." Lizzy pulled her goggles down and closed her eyes. She took a deep breath and let her board slide. She opened her eyes as she felt herself fly up. She breathed through her nose, a simple ollie. She could do that. She landed a bit unsteadily but it felt good. She smiled. Simple tricks. Shift. Switch ollie. Poptart. One more trick left. She breathed in, time to try a simple front flip. She took a deep breath and went up and all of a sudden she began to panic, Henry flashed in front of her eyes, she heard a scream and she fell into a darkness. "Lizzy? Lizzy? Oh my god. Lizzy?" She woke to Jane, Rich and Charlie looking over her. She blinked confused. "What happened?" "You went up for what looked like a front flip but you screamed and fell and we had to race down the halfpipe to get you." "Oh Jesus… That's embarrassing…" "Lizzy… What happened?" Rich asked her, concerned. "I dunno Rich. I was going up and it felt amazing and then I fell." She said in a confused voice. "You're going home. It's time to go home." Jane said firmly. "That's enough for one day." "Yes Janey." Lizzy sighed. What had gone wrong? It had been fine. It had all been fine. So why did she fall? She shook her head absentmindedly. "You guys stay and board for a while, I need to be alone." She said as she walked off, leaving them behind her. What had gone wrong? Henry had wanted her to do this. She had wanted her to do this but why couldn't she? Jane watched her sister walk off with her board in her hands, she knew Lizzy would have a lot of thinking to do tonight but at the same time she knew that the old Lizzy was back. The Lizzy who didn't give up, the Lizzy who fought for what she believed in. Jane had seen the small fire in Lizzy's eyes when she had woken up. It was coming back, gradually. She turned to the men. "Well, I'm going to go skiing, anyone want to come with?" She asked nonchalantly as if her sister had no just blacked out on the halfpipe run. "But… Jane… Lizzy?" Richard asked confused. "She needs time Richard. She needs to think, I can see it in her eyes, she just needs a little space." He nodded thoughtfully. "Okay well you two lovebirds go ahead, I might go find Georgie and see if we can hit another run before it gets too dark." They blushed and nodded in reply. Lizzy woke up and looked at the clock beside her bed. It was 4:00am in the morning. God it was early. She stretched and tried to get down, back into her warm spot on the bed but no matter what she did, she couldn't get comfortable. She sighed and lay back, staring at the ceiling. Absentmindedly, she reached for the locket at her neck and after a moment sat straight up. She couldn't just lie in bed and do nothing… Then she smiled. That was it! She quickly and quietly got up, got dressed and wrote a quick note to Jane, leaving it on the table and made her way out into the freshly powdered snow. It was extremely dark out but Lizzy knew exactly where she wanted to go. She walked through the snow, board in hand and stopped outside the only room that would be lit at this hour of the morning. She smiled and knocked on the door. "Come in." An old, rough voice said. Lizzy smiled in delight as she opened the door to see one of her favourite people in the world. "Hey Uncle Jerry." The old man turned around and smiled as he stood, raising himself out of his chair he walked towards her slowly, with a toothy smile. "Little Lizzy. My little Lizzy. You've taken pity on me have you?" The old man asked. She smiled. "Of course not Uncle Jerry, you know I've been meaning to visit you." The old man shook his head ruefully. "Sure sure." He replied, hugging her tight. She smiled. Jerry Donald was the old caretaker and manager of the helicopter grounds, he had been working on the mountain ever since Lizzy could remember, taking tourists sightseeing every winter. He was such a close family friend she had called him Uncle Jerry from when she was 5. She hadn't seen him in three years and revelled in the familiar warmth and happiness which she always felt radiating from him. He was like her second father. He had taught her how to snowboard and a lot of the tricks and small flips she had learnt from him, the rest she had learnt herself. "What brings you here my little Lizzy? You haven't been here since… Since you gave up your career…" "I know Uncle Jerry I know, I wanted to start again. Like old times, I want to try again." He started and looked her in the eye. "Are you sure lass?" She took a deep breath in before replying. "I'm sure. But I need your help." He looked at her, searching her eyes, looking for the blind determination she found in them when he first started teaching her and this time he was blown away, there was more than determination, there was a fire. A fire that wasn't there before. He smiled down at her. "Well… We better get started then, we have a long way to go yet. How long do we have?" "My first class is at 10." "Perfect, my first trip is at 11. Let's go." She waited until Jerry had gotten his boarding stuff and together they walked towards the shed, rolling out the helicopter that was his pride and joy. Soon enough they were off, flying high above the mountain passes. Lizzy could feel her breath hitch as she tried not to look over the side of the helicopter. "Not looking doesn't help lass." Jerry said, a tinge of sympathy in his voice. "What else am I supposed to do Jerry?" She asked through clenched teeth. He smiled. "Let me think. Are you outside or inside?" "Inside." Lizzy replied, unsure of where this was going. "And do you think I'd let you fall?" "No." "Good. That's solved. Open your eyes lass, you used to love this. It was your favourite part of the whole thing." Slowly Lizzy opened her eyes, one after another, taking in the beautiful landscape below her. And she didn't feel scared. There was no anxiety, there was no fear, there was just the beauty of the fresh snow in the darkness. She smiled. "Thanks Uncle Jerry." "I'm always here for you, you know that. Does that mean you're ready to try the big air?" Lizzy shook her head fiercely. "I can barely do really high up inside, I don't think I can even begin to imagine what doing it outside would be like." He nodded. "One step at a time. We're here." He said, slowly descending the helicopter down into a clearing, hidden by the valleys and the trees that surrounded it. Lizzy smiled. She could almost call it home it was that familiar to her. Besides where the helicopter was landed, there was a large halfpipe and a slalom run in the centre of the clearing. Lizzy ran out of the helicopter and laughed. It felt good to be back. "Come on lassie. You we've got a lot of catching up to do." She stuck out her tongue but grabbed her board from him and they walked to the top of the halfpipe. "Have you gone on a halfpipe since…?" "Once. Yesterday. I blacked out while trying a simple front flip." He nodded. "Right. Then your first run is a switch ollie, backside 180 indy grab, air to fakey, japan air and an ollie." She nodded. There were a few tricky things in there that she hadn't tried in a while but she knew that this was just the kid stuff. She could do much better than this. She took a deep breath in and allowed herself to go down the halfpipe. Switch ollie. The landing was a bit shaky but it was okay, the backside 180 indy grab, she didn't get enough air and landed unsteadily in the wrong direction but quickly adjusted to do the next trick. Air to fakey, japan air, and ollie. She finished her run and looked up at Uncle Jerry. He frowned. She sighed. It was going to be a long road of recovery. "You didn't get enough air on any of those, lean into it, don't be scared to fly. Your rotations need work and your landings weren't strong enough, part of the reason you didn't get enough air." She nodded. "Again." And on they went. She continued doing the same pattern of tricks and he continued to give her more criticism. After what felt like her 100th run he held up his hand. "Slalom?" She asked. "Slalom." He said back. "I'll time you from the bottom." She nodded and made her way to the top. She waited and watched as his arm went down and she started her run. She quickly wove her way through the coloured flags. She finished, looking up at her coach expectantly. "If this was parallel slalom it would be 2.22. Not quick enough at all. You need less than 1.30 for both runs. That is the goal. Again." She nodded and sighed. It was going to be a tough battle, but then again, the only way to go was up. It was the time of death. Or so Lizzy thought anyway. As soon as her mother had gotten word of Jane's new boyfriend he was immediately invited to dinner and it was absolutely ridiculous. She was fawning over him. "My Jane has always been called the beauty of the neighbourhood." "Mother! I'm sure Chuck already knows how hot Janey is otherwise he wouldn't be going out with her." Lizzy retorted, rolling her eyes. Her mother narrowed her eyes. "Make yourself useful Elizabeth and find something to do. Stop lounging about. We have guests you know." "I know… I know… Hold on… Guests? Like with an s? Generally meaning plural?" "Yes guests. Goodness Elizabeth, it's like you don't even live here." "Umm… Mother? I don't." "Good God woman, your cousin Bill Collins is coming over for dinner." Mrs. Bennet came over to Lizzy and whispered in her ear. "And if you're lucky, he'll be asking you to go out with him." Lizzy almost vomited. "Mother! You can't be serious!" Lizzy shouted. "Ssshhhh! Or Charlie will hear you!" Her mother whispered ferociously. "How long is he staying?!" Lizzy asked outraged. "You have a whole week dear, I'm sure that you can get him to fall for you in that time, and if not, you're a lost cause. I'm surprised that he wanted to see you anyway, God knows that you were always the ugly duck of the family…" "Thank you mother. No wonder we have such a lovely relationship with each other." The doorbell rang. "Lizzy will you open the door honey?" Mrs. Bennet said loudly. God damn it. She couldn't escape him now. Her mother was actually crazy. Lizzy rose, and stomped angrily to the door. She wrenched open the door. Collins dropped to his knees and kissed Lizzy's hand. "You look beautiful Elizabeth." He reached behind his back and pulled out a bouquet of roses. "And you make me gag Collins." She shut the door in his face. "Elizabeth Carla Bennet! Open the door and let your cousin in right now!" Mrs. Bennet hollered. Lizzy rolled her eyes and sighed. She opened the door. "Get in Collins and stop grovelling before I kick you where the sun don't shine." She said tiredly. This was going to be a long week. I promise we shall have more D&E action next update. Just for the record Rich doesn't tell Darcy and Georgie about Wickham there because otherwise they would leave the mountain and Rich wants to stay with Lizzy. xx faithinfools
Sorry for the short chapter but I think it is necessary. R&R Disclaimer: I own none of the characters xx faithinfools And I've been a fool and I've been blind I can never leave the past behind I can see no way, I can see no way I'm always dragging that horse around Shake It Out - Florence and The Machine It was horrible. Horrible being an understatement. The man clearly had no idea what he was doing and was completely moronic. Luckily for Lizzy a) he didn't board. b) he didn't know how to ski either (though to his credit, he did try…) c) he was a complete novice. And Lizzy couldn't stand him. Each morning she'd rise extra early to train with Uncle Jerry, then teach her classes and then spend the rest of the day trying to avoid Collins. She had been completely humiliated when during one of her morning snowboarding classes he had tried to 'show her his love for her' and when yelling out to her while she was on the ski lift, he had smashed directly into a group of tourists, trapping them all into a large, ugly snowball rolling down the mountain. She winced when at the bottom, still entrapped in the snowball proceeded to yell out his love to her still. Georgie just looked at her confused. "Do you know him Lizzy?" "I will not dignify that question with an answer." "Then why…?" "My mother sent him to stalk me. She's convinced that he's going to be my husband." She shivered and not from the cold. "Oh… And he's my cousin." "Oh gross." Georgie wrinkled her nose in disgust. "Yeah. I know. He won't stop following me around and I keep trying to avoid him. It's pretty bad. I'm not going to lie." "Haven't you told him–" "You don't think I've tried? He keeps thinking it's some whacked out Romeo and Juliet thing and he won't stop." Georgie shivered. "Eugh. Creepy." "Yeah…" They both shivered. It was Wednesday and Lizzy had had enough. She couldn't stand the snivelling Collins any longer. As grumbled under her breath as she walked towards Jerry's small house. As she crept closer she heard two voices talking from the small shack. She quickly ducked down under the window and listened but couldn't here much except for the murmur of low voices. She heard the door lock click open and quickly ran around to the side of the house and stayed silent as a large figure of a man walked out of the house and into the shed where the helicopter was kept. She breathed in a deep sigh and walked around to the front of the house, opening the door. "Ready for today lass?" "Yes. I need to release all my anger at Collins out on the slopes." She replied tiredly. "Collins?" Her mentor looked confused. Suddenly his eyes lit up with recognition. "Was he the lad that caused the snowball disaster yesterday?" He asked. Lizzy groaned. "Yep. That's him." Uncle Jerry chuckled. He shook his head in amusement. "Fanny wants you to date him doesn't she?" "Yep." "Well take that anger and use it down the slalom. I've invited a visitor today, he'll be helping me coach you and he will be practising himself. And I will be coaching him too." Lizzy groaned. "Really Uncle Jerry? I mean, really?" Great. That's just what she needed. Another person knowing her secret training grounds and using them for his own practise." She sighed. He nodded. "Aye lass. Get used to it. Now let's go, we've wasted enough time as it is and he's waiting in the hangar." She nodded and followed him. They went to the helicopter hangar and as Jerry switched on the lights Lizzy saw a figure next to the helicopter. His back was turned to her and she couldn't make out who it was underneath his ski gear. She walked up to the figure at held out her hand. "Hi. I'm Lizzy Bennet." The figure turned around slowly. "Elizabeth?" He asked surprised evident on his face. "Oh. No." Beginning of D&E xx faithinfools
Back to the story... xx faithinfools I would like to reach out my hand I may see you, I may tell you to run (On my way, on my way) You know what they say about the young. Send Me On My Way - Rusted Root "No. No.. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No..." "Lass, you've been saying that for the last fifteen minutes." "No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No..." "Elizabeth Bennet. Shut your mouth. Ain't nothing gonna change this situation so suck it up princess." Jerry said to her sternly. Lizzy rolled her eyes. "Why? Did you want me to die on the slopes?" "What? Am I going to kill you Elizabeth?" "Possibly. You never know." It was Darcy's turn to roll his eyes. "How do you two guys know each other anyway?" "I've known the lad ever since he were born. I was his dad's best friend." "Was?" Lizzy asked, her eyebrow raised. "My parents passed away 10 years ago." Darcy murmured from beside her. Her expression changed dramatically. "Oh Darcy, I am so sorry, I forgot, Georgie told me the other day." "It's okay." He mumbled back, looking out the window. The rest of the helicopter ride was in silence. Uncle Jerry watched Lizzy practising on the halfpipe. She had gotten significantly better over the past few weeks. She was now performing McTwist Japan Grabs, Frontside and Backside 720 mute grabs with ease. Darcy slid up beside Jerry as they watched Lizzy enjoy herself down the halfpipe. "She's really good." Darcy said, surprised. "She always was." Jerry replied. "What do you mean?" Darcy asked, confused. Jerry just looked at him and then looked back at Lizzy, shaking his head. "Stubborn girl." He muttered under his breath. "What do you mean?" "Have you ever heard of the famous Eliza Bennet?" "You mean the most famous female snowboarder? She was amazing, didn't she start getting world gold medals at 16?" "Yep, that's her. Do you remember what happened to her?" "I don't know but she was one of my inspirations and then she just disappeared off the scene..." He trailed off. "Well, there she is." Jerry pointed to where Lizzy was attempting another McTwist Japan Air. They watched as she landed it seamlessly. "No... You must be joking." "I'm not. It's her." "Well... It all fits I guess..." They watched her again as she did an Allie-oop McTwist. "What happened to her?" "To this day, I still don't know." Jerry sighed. "What do you mean you don't know? Haven't you known her family for years?" Jerry nodded. "I know what happened. I mean what happened to her. Just one day, she showed up, crying at my door saying she couldn't do it anymore... And I let her leave..." "But... What? I don't understand.." "The accident, it changed her. It took her father two years to persuade her to get back on her board again. The spark, the fire that burned in her eyes that made her who she was, it was gone... When you loose that fire, that spark that makes you burn, you lose yourself." "You mean she's lost...?" Jerry nodded. "She's more than lost." Jerry said softly. Darcy looked at him, raising one quizzical brow. "She's gone." Another short chapter of yours truly, xx faithinfools
I'm back. Time for more Lizzy/Darcy and Lizzy/Rich action. xx faithinfools Easy now, with my heart Easy now, oh with my heart Walk a tightrope, walk a little tightrope You walk a tightrope, walk a little tightrope But oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh this heart is burning up I said oh, oh, oh, oh ,oh, oh, oh this heart is burning up Tightrope - Walk The Moon "You're not going high enough, your rotations need work and I won't even begin on your style." Lizzy fumed silently from the cold, wet ground. Finally she cracked. "Shut up! God! Can't you say anything nice for once in your life?" She yelled upwards to the dark and unimpressed person above her. "Your fault really." Lizzy groaned and just rolled over onto her front. "You suck. You know that? You really really suck." "Very mature words Elizabeth." She rolled her eyes. "I can't believe Uncle Jerry had to get sick today. More importantly I can't believe he left me with you. And more importantly than that I can't believe you and I agreed." "That doesn't address the fact that you need to do a lot better than boarding like that if you want to win a comp." "Why don't you board and I will point out every single flaw in your performance." She retorted. His eyes flashed dangerously. "Fine." "Fine." Darcy tightened his boots and began his run. Lizzy watched, not impressed as he started with a Backside 1080 Tail Grab, into a Backside Alley-oop Nose Grab, into a Switch Double Backflip, into a simple big air and finally a 540 Alley-oop Backside Rodeo Mute Grab. He finished his run and trudged up in the snow towards Lizzy. She just smirked. "How'd I do? Coach." He said sarcastically. "You really want to know?" "Hit me." "I've seen kids at the age of 9 pull some of those tricks better than you." Darcy stood, shocked into silence. He quickly pulled his face back into a mask of indifference. "Your rotations are infinitely worse than mine, your landings need work, I've never seen a person wobble as much as you on a landing. Your choice of tricks were average. Your Backside 1080 Tail Grab needed work, the jump itself wasn't clean and you didn't grab the right part of the board. Your Backside Alley-oop Nose Grab was average. The Switch Double Backflip was pretty good but you need to bend your knees more, it'll ease your landing. Your simple air was ridiculous. I don't even know why you put it in there. If you were competing you'd lose based on difficulty points alone. Your final trick was average but still the amount of air you needed to get for it was a lot more than what you put in. It was quite scary, I almost thought you'd stack it. Can't have famous Mr. Darcy stacking it on such a simple trick can we now?" Lizzy finished with a smirk. "And that is what I think of your run." Darcy was fuming. He looked like he was about burst. Lizzy couldn't help it. She laughed. "Why are you laughing Elizabeth?" He gritted out through his teeth. "You look like a sore loser Darcy, that's all." He grunted and started mumbling under his breath as he walked away towards the helicopter. "Where are you going?" She yelled at him. "Home." He yelled back over his shoulder. "But it isn't even 10 yet." "I know." "Are you just going to strand me here?" "Yep." "Hey!" Lizzy quickly unclipped her boots and grabbed her board, running after Darcy, he was her only ride out after all... They flew back in silence and as soon as the helicopter had landed, Darcy immediately hopped out and started preparing the helicopter for the tours happening later that Jerry was still doing, even though he was sick. Lizzy rolled her eyes and helped him. "You know, you could just admit that you're not as great as you think you are and we could call it even." She said. He just grunted at her. "I'd prefer not to Elizabeth." "Suit yourself." She replied, walking off with her board deliberately swinging it around to whack him in the back of the head. "Hey!" She turned around and feigned surprise. "Oh I am so sorry about that." She turned around, whacking him again over the head. "Hey!" This time she didn't even turn around. "Sorry!" She threw over her shoulder as she rolled her eyes. She had had enough of William Pompous Darcy. Let alone Collins. Lizzy internally groaned. Collins. It's okay she thought to herself, only 2 more days, only 2 more days. After her disgruntled morning, Lizzy had taught 4 different classes and by the afternoon was exhausted. That was exactly when Collins had come up to her. She had been chatting happily to Georgie when Collins had come along, trying to woo her. "I brought these for you Lizzy dearest." "Kill me Collins. Literally, kill me." He looked horrified. "Why would I do that my dear Lizzy? After all, you are to be my wife." Lizzy closed her eyes and tried to slow down her breathing. "For the last time Collins. I will not ever be your wife." She said through gritted teeth while Collins just smiled moronically. "Of course you would say that Lizzy. Mrs. DeBourgh said-" "ENOUGH! For God's sake Collins! If you love Mrs. DeBourgh so much, go and marry her for heavens sake!" Lizzy yelled at him "Oh no Lizzy. That would be most inappropriate." "And this isn't?" She asked in exasperation. She was so close to clouting him over the head it wasn't funny. One more word about Mrs. DeBourgh and- "Mrs. DeBourgh said-" "THAT'S IT!" Lizzy lunged towards Collins furiously, Georgie desperately trying to grab onto her arm. "It isn't worth it Lizzy! Honest!" Georgie yelled at her, trying to pull her back. "Oh yes it is." Lizzy snarled. Collins started to sweat in front of her. "Now, now, Lizzy, I know how much you love me my dear but we can't have sex just yet Mrs. DeBourgh said-" "What the actual fuck Collins?!" Lizzy asked horrified, walking backwards instead, falling over Georgie in the process. Both girls were lying on their back, staring up in horror at the advancing Collins. "What do you think you're doing?" A masculine voice above them asked Collins. Both girls sighed in relief. "Who on earth are you?" Collins asked, confused. "Have you already been having an affair Lizzy?" Lizzy just rolled her eyes and looked up at Rich's smiling face as he helped her then Georgiana up. "For God's sake! We're not in a relationship. And we're certainly NOT getting married. Got it? So you can tell your pompous Mrs. DeBourgh to go shove one up her ass. Oh and tell my mother she can forget it. I have no intention of marrying you." "But Lizzy-" "You heard the lady. Scoot." Rich said sternly. But still Collins persisted. "You have no right to tell me what to do." "You're wrong. Do you know who I am Collins?" "No. And I don't care. Get away from my betrothed." "I'm Mrs. DeBourgh's nephew." "No." Collins gasped in horror. "Yes." "No." "Yes." "No." "Yes- Oh shut up Collins! Better yet, I'm the nephew that spent 3 years in the army. So you better watch out cause I can tie you up and ship you out to Timbuktu within ten seconds." "No... I won't believe it." "I am Richard Fitzwilliam. Mrs. Catherine DeBourgh's nephew." "No..." Collins said, still horrified. Rich just closed his eyes in exasperation and pinched the bridge of his nose. "You have ten seconds before I squish you small enough to fit inside a tissue box and ship you to Timbuktu." "You wouldn't dare. Mrs. DeBourgh-" "One." "I'm not leaving." "Two." "Unless Lizzy's with me." "Three." "Lizzy?" He looked hopefully at her. She just rolled her eyes. "Four. You're testing my patience Collins." "I want my Lizzy." "Five, Six, Seven, Eight, Nine-" Collins screamed like a girl and ran off in fright. Georgie, Rich and Lizzy just laughed. "Thanks Rich." "You're welcome. I save girls from creepy men everyday, it's nothing new. All a part of my job..." Both girls just whacked him lightly on the arms and walked off. "Hey! Where are you going?" "Boarding. Want to come?" Lizzy asked. "Sure." Rich said, grabbing his board. "Where should we go?" Lizzy asked. "How about the big air?" Rich asked. "Yeah!" Georgie cheered. "I've never done it before." "I'll show you how, Squirt. You can only learn from the best." Rich replied, ruffling his cousin's hair. Lizzy felt the blood drain from her face. She couldn't do the big air. Not now. Not ever. Never again. She had promised herself, never again. "Lizzy? Are you coming?" "Yeah, I'm coming." She couldn't do it. She couldn't. "Actually guys, I think I'm going to head in, I'm a bit worn out from all my classes." Rich and Georgie looked at each other and rolled their eyes. They walked back to where Lizzy was standing, white-faced. Georgie grabbed one arm and Rich grabbed the other. They pulled Lizzy who was resisting valiantly to where the big air jump was situated on the mountain. There wasn't anybody on it at all and Rich and Georgie thought they were amazingly lucky whereas Lizzy was dooming herself into a big hole, waiting for it to suck her up and bury her alive. Collins was in the bar, trying to drown his sorrows in a brandy. If Mrs. DeBourgh was here she would have killed him for drinking but what did he care. His Lizzy was taken by a monster and he couldn't do anything to get her back. Mainly because it was Mrs. DeBourgh's nephew. He started to sob into his arms. "Hey, you alright there mate?" A feminine voice asked him. "I... I... I..." "Who are you anyway?" "Bill Collins." He snivelled. "Ahhh... I've heard about you." "From who? Mrs. DeBourgh?" "Who's Mrs. DeBourgh? No. From Lizzy." Collins began to wail again. "Lizzy doesn't want me. She went off with that army man, Richard something." The girl smiled. Classic Lizzy, men flocking to her rescue. "Well, why don't you come with me to my house and you can tell me all about Lizzy." Collins looked up. The girl wasn't that attractive but she wasn't ugly either. She'd have to do. He needed to find at least a girlfriend and this girl would do nicely. "What's your name?" He asked bluntly. The girl held out her hand. "Charlotte. Charlotte Lucas." "I'll go first. Then you girly girls can see how it's done." Rich plodded up to the top of the hill, clipped on his board and slid down the hill, picking up speed to flip into a Frontside 540 Alley-oop Rodeo Mute Grab and he screamed like a little girl while doing so, flipping and landing on his back on the puffed up air mattress below. He laughed exuberantly. He walked back up to where the girls were and smiled. "Told ya it was easy. You're up next Squirt. Don't try to attempt any tricks cause if you hurt yourself Darce will kill me, just jump off for starters and land hopefully in the mattress." Georgie pouted and stuck out her tongue, moving up the hill before putting on her board and going down the hill, up the ramp and yelling in excitement as she flew into the air and landed on the mattress soundly. She laughed as she walked up the hill. "Your turn Lizzy." Lizzy shook her head, her face still as white as the snow surrounding her. Rich looked her in the eyes and knelt down, placing his hands on her shoulders. "You don't have to Lizzy if you don't want to." Lizzy shook her head and smiled weakly. "I'll do it..." She said quietly. She grabbed her board and trudged up the hill, put on her board and took a deep breath. She could do it. She could really do it. She began, anxiously sliding down the mountain. Slowly at first, then faster and faster. No. No. No. NO! She couldn't. She began to panic. The end of the ramp was getting closer. Lizzy screamed as she spiralled out of control, she closed her eyes, shutting them tight, feeling herself fall. What say you? You shall find out about the accident soon enough... Tune in for more xx faithinfools
Imma back. Here is where things start to get messy. Can I point out here that Rich will end up happy and so will Darcy and so will Lizzy, just wait and see... Please review, it gives me motivation to write more... xx faithinfools You're like twenty-two girls in one And none of them know what they're runnin' from Was it just too far to fall? For a little paper doll Paper Doll - John Mayer Lizzy opened her eyes to see white. Pure white. She looked around her and almost had another panic attack to see that the air mattress was metres below and that she was holding onto a snowy ledge above her. She looked below her again and tears began to fall from her face as she saw him. Henry. Henry was down there. All she could see now was Henry, Henry lying lifeless beneath her. She kept screaming his name but he wasn't listening, he wasn't responding. She let one of her hands go, reaching out to him, if only she could just grab his arm, or his collar, then she could take him, take him to safety. "No Lizzy no!" A voice above her shouted. But she didn't listen. She didn't hear. All she could see was Henry. Henry broken. Henry dead. She let go with her other hand and let herself fall. But she was yanked upwards sharply. She wriggled and wrestled, trying to get free from whatever was above her. "Lizzy you can't, I beg of you, don't let go!" The voice above her shouted. "No!" She screamed. "I have to get him. He's just there! I can almost reach-" "No Lizzy. Look at me." She wouldn't look up. She couldn't look up. She couldn't lose sight of him. "LIZZY LOOK AT ME." The voice screamed desperately. She whirled her head around to look up. The green eyes looked at her intensely. "He's not there Lizzy." She turned her head to look down again but was stopped by the voice." Don't look away from me Lizzy." Rich said harshly. "He's there, we have to rescue him, you have to help me! Please, he's there and I can almost reach him. Please… Please…" She broke into tears as she sobbed loudly. Rich was holding onto her hands as tightly as he could but he needed her help if she was going to come out of it alive. "Lizzy look at me." Rich said gently. "Look at me Lizzy." She looked and saw a pair of loving eyes. "Whoever it is, he's not there. Lizzy he's not there. It's just the air mattress. So don't let go or I swear to God I'll never forgive myself for this. Please." He said quietly. "Look Lizzy. Look down there. He isn't there." She looked down again and he was gone. Henry was gone. It was like he had vanished into thin air. She began to sob uncontrollably. "Lizzy calm down. Just hold on tight and I'll lift you up." Slowly Rich started to pull her up over the edge of the snowy ledge and when she had finally gotten onto solid snow again she unclipped her board and began to cry harder. He was there. He was so close. She felt it. "Lizzy, Lizzy, Lizzy. Come here." Rich said gently and pulled her into a hug and she leaned into his embrace and he hugged her tightly, quietly until her tears turned into the occasional sob. "Lizzy. What happened? What happened to you?" She looked up. Those eyes were so compelling, so loving. "I can't Rich. I am so sorry but I just can't." She said miserably, sobbing once more into his chest. "Shhhh Lizzy. Shhhh. It's okay. It's okay." She looked up to him as he wiped away her tears with his thumb. His eyes looked into hers, asking for her permission, she gave it silently and as he leaned in, her eyes closed. She breathed a sigh as his lips met hers, kissing her gently, wiping away the few tears that lingered on her lips with his tongue. She kissed him back, amazed at what she felt for him. Soon they couldn't get enough of each other, kissing each other passionately until they heard voices screaming their names in the distance. "I'll always be here for you. Whenever you're ready, I'll be here, waiting to listen." She smiled up at him gratefully. "Thanks Rich." He kissed her again before the voices came into sight. "What does this mean?" She asked him, bewildered at the emotions she was feeling. "It means that you find me attractive." He said cockily. She smiled and pushed him away. He chuckled. "Which is a good thing considering I find you extremely attractive too." She smiled again as he helped her up before giving her one last quick kiss. "Lizzy!" Jane screamed in relief as she saw her sister standing quite closely with Richard. She would have to quiz her sister on that later but for now she was safe. She ran towards them hurriedly. "God you gave me a heart attack when Georgie here found me to tell me you fell." "I know. I'm sorry Jane." "You shouldn't have." "I needed to." Jane fixed Lizzy with a stare showing her that this talk was not over. "What happened?" "I tried the jump and I fell and Rich saved me from ending up from being a human pancake." "Lizzy!" "Sorry Jane. Anyway. I think I need some rest after the crazy day I've had." Rich, Georgie and Jane nodded. "I shall join you, I think I've had enough of the mountain today, besides we've got a family dinner tonight and you need to look alive for that." "Wait... What family dinner Jane?" "The one that you agreed to go to yesterday." Lizzy had no recollection. Then she narrowed her eyes at her sister. "Was this the one where I stupidly agreed to without knowing what you were talking about?" "Maybe..." "JANE! You know I don't listen to a word you say when Doctor Who is on!" Jane just smiled but Lizzy could tell it was forced. The look in Jane's eyes gave her away. "Well maybe next time you should." "Do I have to go?" "Of course. The Bingleys and The Darcys plus Rich are invited." Lizzy narrowed her eyes. "She did it on purpose didn't she. She just wants to fawn over your new boyfriend." Jane blushed. "Are you going Rich? Georgie?" "Of course." They both replied promptly. "I wouldn't miss it for the world." Rich said, watching Lizzy closely. She smiled quietly to herself, avoiding his eyes. Jane narrowed her eyes. She would definitely have to quiz her little sister later. But now was not the time. "Well I guess we'll see the both of you later tonight." "See ya!" Georgie said delightedly. "What the hell was that?!" Jane said loudly after her sister emerged from her bedroom. "What the hell was what Janey?" "Don't you dare play dumb with me Miss Elizabeth." Jane said sternly. "I saw you and I saw Rich." Her voice softened. "What happened out there Lizzy?" "I was boarding down the hill, I thought I could do it. It's only a mattress. And so, I jumped but as soon as I did all the memories came back and I just freaked out and... Oh Jane. I saw him. He was so lifeless." Jane pulled her sister tightly to her, wrapping her arms around her little sister. "Oh Lizzy... I know that must have been tough for you." Lizzy nodded, not trusting herself to speak. "Let's talk about something else. Please." Lizzy said softly. "Sure. What was that young woman?" Lizzy pulled back to look at her sister, her eyes showing her bewilderment. "What was what?" "I saw that look." Lizzy sighed. Nothing was going to escape past Jane when she was in her 'must get this out of Lizzy' mood. "I like him. He likes me. We may or may not have kissed." Lizzy said as she walked away towards the kitchen, determined to get a snack before Jane could stop her. "YOU WHAT!" Jane shouted, reaching out to grab Lizzy's arm and swing her around. "Just exactly what I said Janey my dear." "Does that mean I can start calling your boyfriend pet names like you do with Charlie?" "Chuck knows he secretly loves it. And he's not my boyfriend, he's just a friend. And no." "So... does that mean you go around kissing all your friends?" Jane asked cheekily. Lizzy blushed and pouted. "Jaaannnneeeyyy!" "So he is your boyfriend." Lizzy just sighed in response. "I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine, and he shall be my Squishy." Jane said satisfied. "Oh god. Please no. Keep your love of Finding Nemo out of this." "Too late." Lizzy just sighed exasperated and walked down the hallway scowling, getting ready to try and survive the latest of her mother's brilliant ideas. A family dinner. With the Bingley duo Chuck and Caro. And the Darcy duo, Jackass and Georgie. And Rich. And of course she couldn't forget Collins. She was going to need whisky. And a lot of it. So next time should be the dinner and the Bingley's party and the departure of a few of our favourite characters. xx faithinfools
Hey guys! I'm back! And I am so sorry I haven't been able to post for what? ... 4 weeks now? I'm so sorry but I've just been really busy, year 12 and all. Hopefully I can post again soon and for the long wait I have got a long chapter right here. just for you! So don't forget to review and enjoy. DISCLAIMER: I don't own any of the characters Can't remember, what went wrong last September Though I'm sure that you'd remind me, if you had to Our love was, comfortable and so broken in Comfortable - John Mayer "Elizabeth! Get down here right now! Your guests are here!" Fanny Bennet screamed up the stairs as she smiled brightly at Bill. Lizzy rolled her eyes. Her mother was a piece of work. Lizzy had only been in the vicinity of her mother for 2 minutes and she was already sick of her. She quickly looked up muttered "please help me". Only Charlie had shown up so far and the poor thing was trying to talk to Jane while Fanny was gushing at how lovely "her favourite daughter Jane was". Lizzy had had enough. She shot an apologetic look to Jane who shot one back at her. Lizzy shook her head. No way was she going anywhere near the octopus. Yes. That's right. The octopus. Fanny Bennet had dressed in the brightest, ugliest shade of fuchsia and it had ruffles and about eight splits in the dress showing off her blotched, old legs. It was disgusting to be frank. Even her makeup was bright fuchsia. Lizzy cringed. In the other corner Mary was trying to play the piano while Lydia and Kitty were squabbling in the other corner over the newest of Kitty's dresses. Lizzy rolled her eyes again. Everyone knew Lydia would win. Jane shot her another pleading, puppy dog eyed look. Lizzy sighed. Time to save the beautiful princess and her red faced prince. "Mother can I talk to you for a minute?" "Not now Elizabeth dear, I'm sure you can talk to Mary or Lydia about it honey." "No Mother. I need to talk to you now." Lizzy fixed her mother with a glare. "Fine Elizabeth." Fanny said harshly fixing a glare on her daughter. She turned and smiled at Charlie. "If you'll excuse me dear, Lizzy's being extremely rude at taking me away." She winked at him and he smiled shakily at her. "It's no trouble Mrs. Bennet." "Oh please, call me Fanny. Mrs. Bennet makes me sound so old." She said before turning away, dragging Lizzy by her arm, her nails digging into her daughter's arm. "What do you want Elizabeth?" She asked in the hallway in a voice that carried through the house. "Mum. Don't you think Jane and Charlie should spend some time together, ALONE?" She asked calmly. "No. Why on earth –" "Look at them mum. Just peek in." Fanny peeked through into the living room and saw Jane and Charlie close together, smiling and genuinely happy. Lizzy wrinkled her nose. They were so loveydovey it was disgusting. Cute but gross at the same time. "Good Lord Elizabeth, you may be right. For once in your life you may be right!" Fanny said, astonished. Lizzy rolled her eyes. "Thanks Mum. Thanks a lot." "You're welcome Elizabeth, next time we have a dinner wear some proper clothes next time." And with that Fanny Bennet left the hallway. Lizzy looked down at her tight skinny jeans, bright green vans and her sheer white top. What was wrong with her clothes? She just shrugged and sighed as she walked back into the living room but stopped when she heard the doorbell ring. She smiled to herself. "Elizabeth! Get the door!" Her mother shouted from the kitchen. Lizzy sighed and walked towards the front door, smiling as she opened it, only to find Bill standing there. Lizzy's smile faded and a scowl replaced it on her face. "Hello Elizabeth dearest." "Collins. I'm not your dearest." She said stoically. "No. You're right you're not." Lizzy just looked at him bewildered but just shrugged her shoulders and let him in. She was trying to be civil… She could be civil… Right? She was just about to step back into the living room when the doorbell rang again. "Elizabeth, get the door!" Her mother shouted while speaking to Bill. Lizzy just shook her head and walked to the door, brightening when she realised who it would be. She smiled her brightest smile as she opened the door, only to see Darcy standing there awkwardly. She stared into his eyes as there was a flicker of emotion, surprise perhaps before his eyes shut down again. "Hello Elizabeth." Her smile faded as she sighed in exasperation. "Hey Darcy, come in." She said. See! She could be civil. She smiled to herself before looking up to find his intense blue eyes staring at her. She blinked and shook her head. "Where's Rich and Georgie?" She tried to ask nonchalantly. "They're coming, I think Georgie might have forgotten something back at the house and Rich went with her." "Caro?" Lizzy watched as the normally introverted man sighed and rolled his eyes. "She didn't want to come. She was, and I quote 'too busy picking out an outfit for Charlie's party'." "Are you serious?" "Deadly." He said. She smiled as she closed the door, right as a hand reached for the doorknob. "OWWW!" She heard Rich yell. Gasping, she quickly opened the door for the two cousins. "Shit Rich! I'm so sorry." Lizzy went to him and inspected his hand. "Fuck. I'm so sorry." She said aghast. "It's alright Lizzy." He said, pain etched on his face. "Crap. Shit." "Lizzy!" Rich reached out with his good hand and took her firmly by the shoulder. "Calm down. I'm fine. I just need some ice." "Ice. Right. Ice." Lizzy said as she quickly pulled him into the kitchen and started scrambling around for a pack of ice, leaving Georgiana's hysterical laughing behind them. 15 minutes later Rich's hand was almost back to normal size, almost. "Geez Rich. I am actually so sorry. I was just so annoyed that it was Darcy at the door and not you or Georgie and then I just got really exasperated and then I –" Rich stopped her with a kiss. "If you don't shut up, I will be forced to use other methods to keep your mouth otherwised occupied." Lizzy blushed. "Sorry. Ever since… The accident… I've kind of been really easy to freak out injury wise. I can't help it." She shrugged sheepishly. He smiled at her. "So when are we going to come out about this relationship?" He asked her. She started to panic again. "Umm… Umm… Well you see… I wanted to keep it just between us, Georgie and Jane…" "What? Why?" He asked her puzzled. "DINNER'S SERVED!" Her mother yelled in the background. "You'll see." Lizzy said mischievously. He looked at her, puzzled but followed her lead as she pulled him off the kitchen bench and towards the others. Lizzy went through first and was unsurprised to see that at one end of the table was her mother, the other her father, quietly observant. Jane was on her mother's and next to her was Charlie, then Collins and two spare seats for Lizzy and Rich. Her father sat down the other end of the table with Mary on his left, then Georgiana, Kitty, Darcy and finally Lydia on her mother's right. Lizzy chuckled this was going to be interesting if not mortifying. They sat down, Lizzy taking the middle seat between Collins and Rich. She just smiled and waited for dinner to begin. Sure enough as soon as they had sat in their chairs her mother started talking. "Charlie, isn't my Jane just beautiful?" "Yes of course Mrs. Bennet – uhh… I mean Fanny." She beamed at him. "I knew Jane wouldn't have been this beautiful for nothing. She was always meant to snag a rich, good-looking man." Jane blushed and Charlie just looked down at his lap, having no idea what to say. While Darcy looked mortified. He quickly put his mask of stone back into place as Charlie continued talking. "This food is wonderful Fanny. Did you cook it yourself?" "Of course Charlie dear. I was named House Wife of the year when I graduated from high school you know." Lizzy snickered as her mother shot her a glare. "Is she serious?" Rich whispered. "Deadly." Lizzy whispered back. The pair continued to watch in silence and Mrs. Bennet continued to fawn over Charlie (with few random outbursts from Collins next to them) and Mary struck up a conversation over music with Georgie and Kitty and Lydia started arguing over Darcy about who would get the hottest husband when they were older and Mr. Bennet quietly left the room, retreating to his study to work on his "mountain accounts". "Oh my god. Kitty did I tell you about the hot new snowboarding instructor that Daddy hired?" Lydia said loudly. Charlie, Jane, Lizzy and Rich shared a look while Darcy was burning holes in the front of Lydia's skull. "No! Tell me about him!" "He's gorgeous and he has this blonde windswept hair and he's a brilliant snowboarder. He was telling me of this time where some rich guy totally blew him off and took all his money that was his." "Oh my god!" Kitty said, engrossed in what Lydia was saying. "What was his name?" She asked wide eyed. Darcy looked at Rich worriedly while Lizzy just rolled her eyes. "I got this." She whispered to Rich. He looked worried but nodded, trusting her. "His name was –" "Oh my god! Lydia have you seen the new collection in Bardot? It is to die for. There's also this gorgeous mini dress that you could probably wear to the Bingleys and I swear no one will have it. It's not even on the shelves yet." Lizzy squealed. "Seriously? Oh my god. I didn't know that! How could I not know that! Maria was supposed to tell us every time a new collection comes in. That bitch!" Lydia screamed, outraged. "How did Lizzy know it before us?" "Maria told Charlotte, Charlotte told me." Lizzy lied calmly and with that the twins were back to squabbling over who would have the famed mini dress that Lizzy had so admired. Rich looked at Lizzy gratefully. While Darcy just nodded his head as Charlie and Jane sighed in relief. "Thanks. You handled that so well." Rich told her. She laughed in return. "It's hard not to know how to speak Lydia when you've lived with her for so many years." They both chuckled. "Look at Darce he looks like he's going to explode." Rich whispered. Lizzy giggled as she met Darcy's eyes which were as black and angry as she had ever seen them. She quickly looked away and replied, "Oh my god he does. You just wait for it. The best is yet to come." "What do you –" "Three. Two. One. Cue crazy overbearing mother." At this point Mrs Bennet had had enough of Jane and Charlie and was focusing on Mr. Darcy instead. "Are you in a relationship Mr. Darcy?" She asked. He balked, surprised at her audacity and bluntness. "No I am not Mrs. Bennet." He replied stiffly. "Well you must talk to my Lydia, she is quite the beauty. Even if Jane is the most beautiful but she is already occupied. Lydia! Talk to Mr. Darcy. Entertain him." She said with finality as she turned back to fawn over Charlie again. Lizzy and Rich watched as Darcy looked in horror at the youngest Bennet as she turned her 'seductive' attention on him, talking to him coyly. "Good god. She's almost as bad as Caroline." Richard whispered astonished. "Just wait for it…" Lizzy whispered back. He looked at her, confused. "And there we go." Richard turned back to see Darcy had stood up stiffly, excusing himself to the bathroom, not knowing where he was going and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. Lizzy laughed quietly to herself. "What just happened?" "I'm fairly sure she just groped him." "WHAT?!" "Shhhhh." Lizzy giggled. "It's Lydia's 'how to get men' tactic." She shivered. "It's gross." "You could try it on me if you like." Rich said winking. Lizzy just rolled her eyes and pushed him gently. "See the thing is I'm pretty sure you're already mine." He frowned. "That's unfair." He muttered back as Darcy re-entered the room and sat down, moving his chair and leaning as far as he could from Lydia. Rich sighed. "I feel his pain." He said as he saw Darcy give him a pained look. Lizzy pouted. "I'm gonna see if he wants to swap spots, then I'll try to swap spots with Kitty and talk to Georgie for the rest of the night." "Do you have to go?" She asked sullenly. "Chin up Lizzy my dear, you know perfectly well I wouldn't leave you by yourself if I knew you couldn't handle anything that came your way." She smiled. "Okay, fine. But if Lydia tries to grope you tell her I'll kill her in her sleep." She grumbled. "Aww I love it when you become all possessive. Don't worry. I'm rich, successful and hot. I know how to deal with these types of girls. Have been doing so all my life." He said confidently. "Asshole. If I didn't like you then you'd already be on the ground kneeling in pain. But seriously. Don't underestimate her. Lyddie has a mean men eating game." He nodded. "I'll keep that in mind." He said as he moved from his place on the table to talk to Will. Lizzy sighed as she saw Darcy moving in her direction. She quickly swivelled away, turning towards Collins who was talking Charlie's ears off she was sure. She decided to be the hero and save him. "How are you doing today Collins?" "Call me Bill, Lizzy." He said, swivelling in his seat in surprise. Lizzy resisted the urge to roll her eyes. "How's your time on the mountain been so far?" She asked, trying to remain neutral. "It's been wonderful actually. I'm going to be leaving soon." "Oh really?" She asked with feigned interest. "Yes really. You see, after Mr. Fitzwilliam screamed at me, I became… Well… Depressed so I went to the bar and while I was there I met a wonderful young woman named Charlotte." "What?!" Lizzy yelped. "Be quiet Elizabeth!" Her mother hollered. "I can't hear what Charlie's saying!" Lizzy rolled her eyes but quieted her voice. "Charlotte? Charlotte Lucas?" "Yes. We talked for a bit at the bar and after that we went to her place and I spent the night there." Lizzy shivered, just thinking of what they could have done that night but shook her head quickly, trying to get the image out of her mind. "And you what? Just proposed to her and she said yes after a good night in bed?" "Yes actually. Funny you could actually guess that." "When are you leaving?" Lizzy asked. Her voice turning to stone. "Well tomorrow is Mr. Bingley's party and my dear Charlotte so wanted to go so probably the morning after. We're going back to Rosings, where my patron and main benefactor lives. The lovely Mrs. De Bourgh is wonderful." "How could she?! How could she?" Lizzy whispered to herself, shocked. "You see Lizzy, everyone wants me. You could have been my wife. I am one of the most eligible bachelors that will ever want you. After your rejection –" "What!" Fanny hollered. "What did you say Bill?" "I was just telling Lizzy that I plan to head back to Rosings with my betrothed, Charlotte." He said loudly. "WHAT!?" "She has made me a very happy man by honouring my hand in marriage." He replied smugly. "But… But… But… Lizzy… I thought…" "After she rejected me I –" "She what?!" "After she rejected me Fanny dear, I simply went and asked Charlotte instead. Besides she'll fit in better at Rosings, even if I did so have my heart on having Lizzy with me." Lizzy was fuming at Charlotte, at Collins, at her mother. Everyone. Mrs. Bennet's eyes narrowed at her least favourite daughter. It had suddenly gotten very quiet at the table. "Lizzy." She said stiffly. "A word. Upstairs. Now." She said tightly as she stood up and turned, not waiting for her daughter. Rich shot her a look, clearly one saying 'good luck'. She sighed. She had known this was coming ever since she told the pig-headed little-bodied annoying man. She quietly walked through the hallway and up the stairs where her mother was waiting in the upstairs hallway. "Mother I –" "Good God Elizabeth! Are you really that stupid?! Go down there right now and tell him you regret rejecting him! You go down there right now and tell him that you'll marry him!" Fanny screamed at her daughter. Lizzy winced. She knew full and well that no matter where they were in the house, anybody within 5 miles could hear her mother's screeching. "No." Lizzy said defiantly. "No I will not. I do not love him. I shall not marry him. Besides, he's my cousin, that is insanely gross." "Do I look like I care Elizabeth?! Good God woman! You really do get on my nerves! Go down there right now and say you're sorry!" "No." "DO IT." "No." "If you don't go down there and get married, I won't speak to you ever again! You shall be banished from my house and I won't give a damn about you anymore!" "No. For the last time no. First of all, you'll be speaking to me because dad will make you, second, I already have my own house and thirdly, I'm not sure you gave a damn about me in the first place." Lizzy whispered the last part. Her mother had hurt her. Ever since the accident her mother had blamed her. She had stopped caring for Lizzy, being at most civil and she was always ignored by her mother who spent most of her time cooing over Lydia and Jane. She was just the devil spawn that wouldn't die. "What did you say? I didn't catch the last part Elizabeth. SAY IT OUT LOUD." "No. You can't make me do anything I don't want to." "FINE. Now Bill will go marry Charlotte and you will once again be left all alone Elizabeth! You know, I thought that this would finally make you useful, you'd finally be out of my hair after all the damage you've caused with the accident, but no! You are determined to maintain your status as the family's rebel! Well, you know what? I'm glad Bill didn't choose you, I'm glad you said no. No one would want to be shackled to an ungrateful child like you! After all that I've done for you..." Mrs Bennet trailed off. "Well, you'll just have to grow old alone, after all no one would want to love a freak like you!" Her mother shouted angrily, before walking downstairs back into the dining room to coo over Jane and Charlie again. Lizzy stood there, shocked beyond belief, tears welling up in her eyes. Her mother didn't love her. Not after what she'd done. She hadn't been that bad before, she had never openly rejected Lizzy before… Even after the accident they had remained on civil terms. The tears started racing down her cheeks. Lizzy couldn't take it anymore, her mother's rejection and her father's inability to protect her from her mother. She quickly, quietly ran down the staircase, grabbing her jacket and her boots and slammed the door, running away into the night. Lizzy sat on the playground swing, pushing herself half-heartedly back and forth. It had started to snow again and she was glad that the playground was undercover. Her mother was a nightmare. Plain and simple. She couldn't believe that her mother had actually threatened her and told her she was a freak… She wasn't a freak… Was she? "You're not a freak." Lizzy shrieked and jumped, tumbling onto the ground, looking up to see Rich looking down on her. "Jesus you scared me." "You can call me Rich and I'm sorry." He said, helping her back up onto the swing. He sat next to her on the other swing and they pushed themselves with their feet slowly, not really moving anywhere. "How did you know?" She asked quietly. "Know what?" He asked. "What I was thinking." She said, looking into his eyes, where she saw nothing but concern. "We all heard the whole thing. I think we were all appalled except for Lydia and Kitty. They just kept texting on their phones but Jane and Mary looked ashamed and the rest of us were just completely surprised." She hung her head. "I am a freak though, aren't I?" "No. Of course you're not. How could you suggest such a thing?" He asked, worriedly. She shrugged. "You heard my mother. Maybe she's right, maybe I am destined to be alone. 'After all no one could love a freak like me.'" She said mockingly in her mother's voice. "Hey, hey, hey. Stop it." He said, getting off his swing and sitting on the cold ground, pulling her onto his lap. "First of all, you're not a freak, second of all are you saying that I can't love a freak (if you were one that is)? Third of all, even if you were a freak I'd be dating you anyway." She smiled at the last one as he planted a small kiss on her nose, and they sat there, cuddling in silence, watching the snow fall in the dark of the night. Lizzy woke up feeling much better the next day, happily getting out of bed. Jane had come to her the night before when she arrived home, assuring her further that she wasn't a freak and that their mother was wrong. When they had arrived back at the Bennet household Jane and Lizzy had immediately gone to try and persuade their father to get Wickham off the mountain yet he wouldn't budge citing that Wickham was a brilliant instructor and that he had no evidence against the man. Lizzy and Jane had tried to explain to him about what happened in the alleyway but he cut them off, telling them "no and that's final." They had sighed in defeat and subtly shook their heads at their respective partners. But today was a new day, better than that, it was the day of the Bingley extravaganza. Everyone on the mountain had been invited. But on the other hand Lizzy still hadn't spoken to Charlotte about her decision to marry Collins yet. She didn't know what she would say to her. She walked sleepily into the kitchen, finding Jane's note on the fridge. She read it quickly, rolling her eyes. Of course Jane would be over at the Bingleys early, helping to 'set up'. At least she would be back in time for them to get ready like they always did. The day passed quickly, Rich and Georgie coming over for a visit where Lizzy asked Georgie to get ready with Jane and her. Rich looked quite put out to miss out on the girls getting ready but was assured that he would get plenty of dances at the party and was thus satisfied with the arrangements. They left just after 1, and Georgie had come back at 4, the same time as Jane. Jane, Lizzy and Georgie all had showers before they sat down to discuss what they were wearing. Lizzy smiled at Georgie who was clearly uncomfortable to be in nothing but her underwear and her robe. She wasn't used to having sisters to dress with. "Alright. How do we want to do this?" Jane asked happily. "I don't know… I've never done this before…" Georgie admitted. "Don't worry Georgie, it's normal. We always do this. Besides, its more fun this way so don't be ashamed with anything. You're just as beautiful as the rest of us." She said teasingly. "Thanks Lizzy." Georgie said, clearly relieved. "Okay I suggest this: Georgie does my make-up and Jane's hair, Jane does my hair and Georgie's make-up, and I do Georgie's hair and Jane's make-up." Lizzy suggested. "Sounds good." The other two replied in sync. "After that we can all help each other choose our respective outfits." They all nodded and began. Lizzy starting with Georgie's hair while she started on Jane's hair. Lizzy took Georgie's long, blonde hair and braided across the crown around to the back of her hair and expertly pinned her hair into a messy chignon at the back of her hair. Georgie on the other hand, curled Jane's hair into vintage rolls all around from the side to the back of her head, just as she had seen Charlize Theron do that one time at the Snow White and The Huntsman premiere. After that they decided that they would do both girls make-up first and then both Jane and Georgie would descend on Lizzy and do both her hair and make-up at one time. Lizzy started on Jane's make-up first, giving her plump red lips with a small black smokey eye. Jane then did Georgie's make-up deciding to give her a blue smokey eye, to bring out her bright blue eyes. Both girls then did Lizzy's hair and make-up. Georgie decided to do a blue smokey eye with nude lips to make her eyes stand out while Jane decided to do a small braid across Lizzy's crown and a messy bun at the back of her hair. Once all three girls were satisfied they all had to decide what to wear. "How do we do this bit?" Georgie asked. "You and Jane pick something for me, you and I pick something for Jane and Jane and I will pick something for you." Lizzy told her. Georgie smiled. "Who's first?" "You." Both sisters said simultaneously. "What do you think Janey?" "I don't know Lizzy. What about you?" "Something blue, short, sequined, something that shows off her flawless skin but not too much or her brother will go pyscho on us." Lizzy replied as they both looked at Georgiana. "I've got it." "You do?" "I've got the perfect dress, somewhere." Jane walked into the walk-in-robe and started searching the party dress section. A few seconds later, she emerged with the perfect dress. It was dark navy blue with a jewelled bodice with a thin shiny blue metallic belt with a blue flower sewn on. The bottom half was a navy blue tulle skirt that came out from the middle of the dress and ended 10 cm above Georgie's knees. It had a large hole in the back, showing Georgie's pale skin and was held together at the bottom of the bodice and around the neck where it clipped together with the front. Together the girls chose a pair of navy blue wedges that were of a medium height. "Gosh Georgie you look stunning." Lizzy said in wonder. Georgie could only agree as she looked, astonished at the mirror in front of her, taking in her transformed appearance. Gone was the shy, mischievous girl and in her place was the sophisticated teenager that looked ready to party. "Your turn Jane." Georgie said, smiling. She and Lizzy walked into the closet when Georgie screeched in delight. "I've found it Lizzy! I've found the perfect dress for Jane!" She held it up and Lizzy smiled. It really was perfect. It was a pale beige sort of colour with one strip of white on either side with a small cut out on each side. It was short and beautiful. They let Jane put it on and found a pair of small beige heels to match. "Lizzy's turn." Jane sung. "Don't worry Jane. I've got this one. I brought this just for her to wear. It'll suit her perfectly." Georgie pulled at a gorgeous short dress from her bad. It had a white halter neck connected to a black cut out which then connected to a short white dress with smudges of blue and black at the top and at the bottom with a black belt around the waist. They also gave Lizzy a pair of black heels with cut outs and shoelaces to tie the tops together. Lizzy gasped as she put it on. It fit perfectly and looked amazing. "We all ready?" Lizzy asked after helping Georgie put on a bracelet. "Definitely. Let's go rock our stuff." Georgie said confidently. They all laughed as they picked up their purses and walked to Jane's car. They quickly drove to the Bingleys and gasped. The house looked amazing. The decorations were bright but tasteful, Lizzy was willing to bet 50 pounds that Caro hadn't been in charge of them. As they were admitted in by an attendant they were quickly ambushed by Bingley who took Jane away and soon it was just Lizzy and Georgie. "Dance?" "Of course." And together they hit the dance floor. They were both just getting drinks from the refreshment table when Rich and Darcy found them. Lizzy grinned at Rich and he smiled back. "Ladies. You both look dashing tonight if I do say so myself. Darce? Back me up here?" "You look beautiful. Georgiana. Elizabeth." Georgie beamed while Lizzy just smiled. A slow dance came on at that moment. "Lizzy dear? A dance?" "Of course Rich." She said in return. "Georgie?" Darcy asked his sister. She laughed at his formalness and nodded. "Of course brother." Both men led their ladies to the dance floor and began to sway to the music. "You look beautiful Lizzy." Rich told her earnestly. "Thanks Rich. You don't scrape up too bad yourself." She replied, laughing. "Thank you my dear. By the way, I now understand." He said. "Understand what?" Lizzy asked confused. "The 'why we shouldn't announce our relationship to the world' thing." He said laughingly. "Your mother's a bit of a handful." "A bit more than a handful but thank you for respecting that." She said smiling. But stopped when she looked over at Georgie who had stopped dancing and was quickly turning pale. Lizzy followed her gaze to the door of the Bingley household to see none other than George Wickham with Lydia on his arm. "Shit." Lizzy said, pulling away from Rich and running to where Georgie was, turning her away and pulling the younger girl to her chest, speaking quietly to her, calming her. She turned to stare at Wickham who saw the party of 4 and smirked, leaning down and bringing Lydia in for a kiss. Lizzy turned away, disgusted. "Rich get Charlie and Jane now." He nodded and quickly worked his way through the crowd to find the couple. Darcy was death glaring Wickham as he stood protectively over the two girls. Lizzy was still whispering sweet nothings into Georgie's ear as Rich came up with Jane and Charlie. They all stood around, for a minute until Lizzy decided to take control. "Oh come on. Darcy, Rich go evict him and drag Lydia away from him. She's too drunk to notice much anyway. Charlie stay here and guard us just in case he decides to come this way and Jane help." She said quickly. The men nodded while Jane kneeled down to help calm Georgiana. Out of the corner of her eye Lizzy saw Rich and Darcy pull Lydia and Wickham apart, dragging him out the door while covering his mouth so he couldn't scream. She quickly shook her head and once again spoke in Georgie's ear. Then she remembered. The lullaby that her mother used to sing to her when she was younger. She began to sing in French, hoping to calm the girl. Soon enough Georgie's tears stopped. "Is he gone?" She whispered. "Yes he's gone sweetheart. You won't have to worry about him ever again." Jane said passionately as Charlie stood awkwardly trying not to listen in on their conversation. "I thought I was strong enough to see him again but all the memories came flooding back." She said quietly. "It's alright hun. I think you've had enough excitement for one evening. I think your brother and cousin will take you home soon enough. You need to sleep." Georgie nodded sleepily, while Lizzy raised her eyes to meet Jane's. They would have to watch out for Lydia. She was becoming too wild. The boys had come back within 15 minutes and Darcy and Richard both agreed with Lizzy that they should take Georgie home. Darcy picked up his sister, concerned. "Thank you Elizabeth. For helping her." He said stiffly. "You're welcome. I hope she recovers." She said back. She watched as he and Richard both left the building. Jane and Charlie had once again gone off to god knows where and Lizzy was stuck wondering around the party by herself. She just wanted to go home. "Hey lonely girl! How you doing?" Charlotte asked her as she came up and hugged her friend. "Charlotte can you take me home?" Lizzy asked. "I'm too tired to party anymore." "Of course Lizzy." They walked in silence to Charlotte's car. She didn't know what to say to her. She was just disappointed. Charlotte parked in front of Lizzy's apartment and they both sat there in silence. "Say it Lizzy. Just say it." Charlotte said, sighing. "Is it true?" She asked quietly. "That I'm marrying Collins? Yes. Yes it is." "Why?!" Lizzy burst out. "He's ugly. He just wants a housewife who can clean his gross underpants for him and he –" "Enough Lizzy." Charlotte said warningly. "Why Char? Why?" "He's rich Lizzy." She said simply. "You're marrying him for his money?" Lizzy asked aghast. "That's sickening Charlotte. Really sickening." She said harshly. "Yes Lizzy. I'm marrying him for his money. Not all of us can have our romantic fantasies come true." She said quietly. "But Char! You're smart, pretty, you know how to board and –" "I'm old Lizzy. I'm not as pretty as your or Jane and I'm not as good at boarding as you and you know it. No one else will want me Lizzy. Bill offers me stability, money and a home to call my own. I can't continue to live off my parent's money." "You make your own money!" "But it's not enough Lizzy!" Charlotte shouted at her. "It's not enough." She repeated in a forlorn voice. "That's sickening Charlotte. I expected better than this from you." "ENOUGH!" Char shouted. "Enough! I don't have your talents or Jane's beauty. I have to accept what I've got in life and right now all I've got is Bill and for me that's enough." She shouted. Her eyes were full of unshed tears. "I don't understand Char I just –" "Get out." Charlotte said in a quiet voice. "Just get out." Lizzy was affronted. "But Char I –" "I never wanted your approval Lizzy. All I wanted was your support. You're my best friend and I've been there for you through thick and thin and just this once all I wanted was for you to be there for me. How stupid I was to believe that you would be there for me. Just go. I'm leaving tomorrow for Rosings and there's nothing you can do about it." She said quietly. "Go." Lizzy got out of the car, shocked as she unlocked the door to her apartment. She heard a car speeding away and as she turned on the light and closed the door, Lizzy slid down the length of the door and began to sob. Where had it all gone so wrong? Lizzy woke up, tired, aching and sore. She had a quick shower and got changed, checking her phone for any messages and had only one from Jane who had stayed the night at the Bingleys. Lizzy would have to quiz her later. She was about to resign herself to a how I met your mother marathon when there was a knock on the door. Lizzy opened it to see Rich. She smiled and let him in but he shook his head. "Coffee?" He asked pleadingly. "I need some so bad it's not funny." She laughed and nodded. They walked to a nearby café and Lizzy sat down, waiting for Rich to order and talk. "What's up?" "Can't I just come to see my girl?" "Not when you look like you've barely escaped from a train wreck. What happened?" She asked him in concern. "We took care of Wickham but I'm not sure that it was enough, we might have just added more fuel to the fire of hatred he holds inside for us but I'm not sure. Darcy thought it was best that he and Georgie leave cause she clearly isn't strong enough yet." Lizzy nodded sadly. She understood but was sad to see her new friend go. "She wrote you a letter though and I have it here." Lizzy smiled and pocketed it for later. "Are you going with them?" She asked sadly. "They've already left. I told Darcy that I wanted to stay and make sure that Wickham didn't try anything for a few weeks before I leave. But you know, I wanted to stay around you too, I just didn't mention it to him." He said sheepishly. Lizzy laughed and kissed him on the cheek which he quickly turned into a proper kiss. When they broke away they both were blushing bright red. They spent a good two hours at the café before Rich said he had to leave to work on his business stuff. He walked her back to her apartment and left with several goodbye kisses. She sat in the kitchen as she opened Georgie's letter. It said how sorry she was to leave and that she would miss both Lizzy and Jane and gave them both open invitations to visit her at her home, Pemberley some time. Lizzy smiled. She was such a sweet girl. Georgie also hoped that Lizzy would continue to coach her in boarding when they met up again which she was very optimistic that they would. Lizzy laughed at that and looked up, startled when she heard Jane walk through the front door. She smiled as she saw Jane laugh out loud happily. "Someone's in a good mood." She noted. "Yeah. I feel good." "How was your night?" Lizzy asked as she winked at Jane. Jane said nothing. "Did you…?" Jane just blushed. "OH MY GOD YOU SO DID!" Jane nodded shyly, hiding her flaming face in her hands. "Was he good?" Lizzy asked. "LIZZY!" Jane said, blushing brightly. "What? It was a perfectly normal, sensible question." She retorted. Sticking her tongue out. "It was incredible and amazing. I've never felt the same connection that I share with him with anyone else." Jane said in a daze. They both spent time giggling over Jane's night in an impromptu gossip session and Lizzy then had to go out, teaching a class on the mountain that was supposedly Charlotte's but she had had to leave in the morning and they were still looking for someone to replace her. Lizzy got back exhausted, only to find Jane sniffling on the couch, with red and puffy eyes. "Jane what happened!" Lizzy asked, frightened. Her sister was never like this. Ever. She was instantly worried. Jane just pointed over to the answering machine and Lizzy dashed over and played the only recording on the machine. Hey Jane, it's Caroline calling, I just wanted to let you know that Charlie and I are going back to London and we're not sure if we're going to come back any time soon so don't get your hopes up sweetie. I think he wanted to go back and visit an ex but I'm not sure, but anyway there's a lot of business to catch up on too and goodness knows that society needs me back but if you're in town give me a call and we'll catch up okay? Byeee. It sounded so fake and Lizzy just wanted to go find Caro Bingley and rip her eyes out herself. But first, Jane. She had burst into tears when the recording started to play. "I'm sure it was just a mistake sweetheart." Lizzy said soothingly, letting Jane cry on her. "It was as clear as day Lizzy. He's visiting an ex." She burst into more tears and Lizzy calmed her again until Jane had an idea, "What if I wasn't good enough in bed? That's why he wants to go see an ex because she was better than me in bed." She burst into new tears while Lizzy tried helplessly to calm her down until Jane finally fell asleep on the couch and Lizzy went and got a blanket to cover her sister with. How could this happen? Charlie was so into Jane it was ridiculous! How could he be so cruel? And to not even break it off himself! This sounded like the work of a mole. Lizzy narrowed her eyes. She would find out who had been behind this break up and gouge out their eyes. No one messed with Lizzy Bennet's sister and got away with it. She sighed as she sank into the other chair in the room. Where had it all gone so wrong? It was all smiles and everyone was happy until Georgie suddenly left for Pemberley, Charlotte had left her for Collins and Charlie had left her with a sobbing and distraught Jane. She shook her head slowly. Where had it all gone so wrong? There's the very long chapter as promised. Sorry for the wait! Year 12 is hectic as! Hopefully I can post again within the next few weeks. Thanks for sticking with me! xx Faithinfools P.S. The dresses for the three girls are as follows: Jane's is Emma Watson's dress she wore to the Elle Style Awards in 2011 Georgie's is Emma Watson's dress she wore in Hong Kong promoting Lancôme in 2011 Lizzy's is Emma Watson's dress she wore to the 2013 MTV movie awards.
Hey all, so it's been years since I've touched this, but I'm desperately trying to find time to finish it, promise. I've fixed up a few of the chapters before this. Enjoy Your love is bright as ever Even in the shadows Baby kiss me Before they turn the lights out Your heart is glowing And I'm crashing into you Baby kiss me, kiss me Before they turn the lights out XO - John Mayer (Cover of Beyonce) xx faithinfools "Jane are you sure?" Lizzy asked worriedly. "I'm sure as I could ever be." Her sister replied. Jane was almost back to normal after the Bingley fiasco. She had moped around for days, weeks even. It wasn't until Lizzy had had enough and had picked Jane up and dumped her on the snow covered ground when she was in her pyjamas, after which, she had picked Jane up again and left her in the shower with the water on cold. Jane had shrieked and screamed but it had done its job. Jane was back to normal… Well, almost. Lizzy could still see the sadness in her eyes every now and then and she was more distracted than ever. "But London is so…. Far away…" Lizzy said sadly. "I need this Lizzy. I need to just get away for a while." Jane said quietly. "I know Jane, I'll miss you, that's all." Lizzy said, resigned. Jane hugged her sister. "I'll call you every day I promise." "You better. If you miss that call, I'll be right outside your doorstep within the hour." Lizzy said warningly as she hugged her sister one last time. She watched Jane walk strongly away through the gates that would lead her to the plane taking her to London. Lizzy sighed. I had been a few blissful weeks of snow, snow and more snow. Richard still wasn't back but they talked on the phone daily and skyped often. She smiled as she thought of him. She missed him more than she thought she would. At least she could talk to him now. Lizzy smiled and leaped into her computer chair, waiting for the online bubble to click next to the name RICHARDFITZWILLIAMISNOTGAYXOXO. Suddenly the ringing of the computer shook her out of her thoughts and she pressed accept, longing to hear his voice and see his face. "Rich!" "Lizzy! How are you on this fine summer's day?" Lizzy giggled in response. "Richard. It's not daytime and it's not summer. I'm sorry to break it to you." He pouted. "How's the family Lizzy my dear?" He asked, smiling. "Good. Lydia and Kitty are still acting really stupid and Mary's same old, same old and I think Jane's better…." She replied. "That's good I –" He said but stopped. Lizzy watched in silence as he looked up and another figure came into the room. "Yes Will? I'm on an important business call right now. Can't this wait?" "No." Came Will's reply. "Fine. Let me put my business partner on hold and then we can talk." Lizzy watched as he frowned at her apologetically. "I'm sorry Stacey. My business associate wants to discuss something very important, or so he says. Hold on there would you?" Lizzy nodded in response and Richard smiled. She watched him as he reached down to press the button, supposedly putting her on hold and moved the screen downwards. Lizzy sat back to wait and was surprised when she heard Jackass's voice talking to Rich really loudly. She rolled her eyes. He hadn't put her on hold, he had turned the volume up. But she was interested nevertheless at what he had to say. "What is it Will? You're ruining my call." Richard grumbled. Darcy raised one eyebrow but didn't say anything. "I… I think… I'm not sure what I think…" Richard rolled his eyes. "Spit it out Darce, I don't got all day." He said exasperated. "Well…. I uhh… might have told Charlie what I really thought of Jane and he might have taken my advice a little bit too far…" Lizzy's eyes widened. She knew it. Stupid William Darcy. He had ruined her sister and Charlie's happiness! How could he?! It took everything she had to not flip her computer right there and then. "Oh Lord Darcy, what did you do…?" Richard said, horrified. "I may have told him that I thought Jane didn't like him as much as he did her and that he should stop and think about things and maybe watch her with other people as well as himself. I told him that her family was unsuitable for him and that she just wanted him for his money as it was clear that she held no special regard for him." Richard covered his face with his hands while Lizzy just wanted to scream at him. "Oh Will…" Richard said. "You've really done it now…" Darcy crossed his arms. "I thought you'd be at least a little bit appreciative of what I've done. I've saved Charlie from another no good two-bit gold digger. I mean, did you see her mother? She was absolutely appalling!" Richard sighed. What was he going to tell Lizzy…. "No William. As proud as you are about this, it was wrong." "No. I merely saved him from another gold digger." "Enough Will. Enough. I can't listen to this anymore." Richard rubbed his temples. "Just go. I think your heart was in the right place Darce, but your stubborn pride got in the way of your usually true vision." Will just looked at his cousin. "Fine, but do not be mistaken Richard, there is something you're not telling me and you know I will find out." Richard nodded. "I know. But I think by the time you know, you will realise your mistake, which, knowing you and your stubborn pride may be never." Richard retorted. "Now. I have a business call to finish. So go. I'll talk to you later." "Fine." Darcy stalked out of the room, slamming the door. Richard waited until he was sufficiently far away before opening up his laptop to stare at Lizzy. He took one good look at her face then looked down at his laptop and realised his mistake. "Oh fuck. Lizzy…. Now don't go crazy and –" "CRAZY?! Richard! He pulled my most beloved sister away from the most perfect man in my sister's life. They were meant for each other! And he with his 'oh I know everything and I am the boss of everyone' attitude came in and said no, she's not good enough for Charlie." "Lizzy… This is my cousin we're talking about…" Richard said warningly. "I know Richie! But that doesn't mean he's not a jackass." "Lizzy, his heart was in the right place, he just didn't have all the facts before he acted." "Richard." "What?" "He doesn't have a heart! How could his heart be in the right place if he doesn't have one! I just spent the last three weeks trying to get Jane over Charlie and she was in bed all day and I was worried sick about her!" "Jane's a strong woman Lizzy –" "Richard Fitzwilliam. My sister did nothing for days. I had to force feed her soup because she was that determined not to eat. That heartless bastard." "Darcy had the right intentions, he just didn't have the right actions Lizbear." "No! He had no intentions. Richard! He called her a "two-bit gold digger"! No one calls my sister a gold digger and gets away with it!" Lizzy shouted angrily. "I could throw something right now, I am that angry." "Calm down Lizzy, you can't change the past." "Nope but I can sure change the future. The next time I see him I'm going to punch him in the face and then I'm going to tear him apart for hurting her, then I'm going to get a hammer and –" "Let's not get too carried away. As much as I would like to see you try, I don't really want to have to visit my girlfriend in jail because she killed my cousin." Richard said calmly. "Fine." Lizzy huffed. There was silence. Richard looked at her pityingly. "What are you going to do about it Lizzy?" He asked quietly. "I don't know." She replied. "I had it all planned out, I would tell her, she would tell Charlie, they'd get back together, and everyone would be happy again but I don't know… She's been so much happier in London, meeting new people and making new friends, she's even been on a few dates and I don't want to crush her happiness again after reminding her of what she lost…" "Fair enough Lizzy. I think you should just wait. Wait and see what happens." "Okay." She replied softly. "Anyway, I've got to go Lizzy, I've got lots of meetings to get to, as fun as it sounds." "Sure Rich." Lizzy rolled her eyes. "Oh! I almost forgot! I'm going down to Rosings next week!" Richard's face fell. "What's the matter Rich?" "I won't be there Lizzy." "What?! But I specifically chose that week because you said – " "I know, but I'm needed in London. However, I do think that this is good of you to accept your friend's invitation. You've missed her Lizzy. Don't deny it. I know you have and I think she needs you as much as you need her, so go and have fun…. You need a break from all that work Jerry's making you do…. And good luck with Aunt Catherine." He said smirking. "But you promised you'd be there to save me from her!" "I know, don't worry about it, I know for certain that you can hold your own." "Oh and I've also decided to compete." "You have?! That's great Lizzy! I won't miss that for the world, I promise." Lizzy beamed. "Thanks Rich. I'm going to compete at the annual Mount Shimaro snowboarding tournament." "But Lizzy…. Doesn't that mean you have to compete in the Big Air?" Rich asked, concerned. "You couldn't even go off the small one with the massive landing air bag…" "I can do it Rich. I know I can." He smiled warily in reply. "I know you can, I just worry for you Lizbear." "Don't worry, I've got this in the bag." "That's my girl. Anyway I really have to go now… Have fun at Rosings, I'll see if I can make it down there for a couple of days at least." "Please don't leave me with your Aunt…" Lizzy said, mock-sadness overtaking her face. "Sorry babe but I don't love you that much." Richard scoffed. "Yeah right. You wouldn't know what to do without me." "What do you mean? I can totally handle myself!" Rich said petulantly. Lizzy rolled her eyes. "Just today Richard, you've been late to 2 meetings, spilt coffee on yourself and your desk, completely missed an important lunch with a client, forgotten that you have 4 different video calls that you scheduled for the same time and by the time you get home you'll have forgotten to get dinner, meaning you will call Georgie or Jackass and go over to their apartment for dinner, scratch that, you won't call, just turn up and eat all of their dumplings for dinner." Richard scowled. "How did you know all that?" "Guessed." Lizzy smirked. "Plus Georgie keeps me updated and from what I hear this is a daily thing… I think you've got a condition…" "Do not!" "Do too! It's called 'if I didn't have a girlfriend my life would be a bigger mess than it already is' syndrome. It's pretty serious." Richard just stuck out his tongue. "Alright gotta go, see ya Lizbear!" "See you soon, hopefully Rich." Lizzy replied, turning off her skype. She sighed. What to do about the situation with Jane… Maybe she should – Her phone started to ring and Lizzy looked at the caller ID. Figures. "Hey Janey." "Lizzy! I have amazing news! "Really now? Do share, I've got some news as well." Lizzy said grimly. "I've met someone!" Lizzy brightened, curious. "Okay, I need name, age, description, address, job, likes, dislikes, the lot. Give them to me." Lizzy demanded. Jane laughed. "Okay, well, his name is Mark and he's really cute, and he's a lawyer", Lizzy wrinkled her nose, she wasn't fond of lawyers. "Oh don't make that face at me Lizzy, he's very sweet. He lives in London but is originally from Sussex and he's just ever so sweet." Jane said dreamily. "You mentioned that already Jane dear." Lizzy replied. As Jane babbled on about her new beau, Lizzy's mind had cogs turning the intricate wheels of her conscience. Maybe she would take Rich's advice. For the first and only time, she would take his advice. She would sit and wait out the oncoming storm that she predicted would be out on the horizon. Lizzy stepped into the airport terminal and yawned. That had been one of the most peaceful flights she had ever been on, she had slept like a babe. Lizzy picked up her handbag and rolled her suitcase towards the pick-up entrance of the airport, looking around for Charlotte. She yawned again and was startled by a voice calling her name to her left. She turned and stood shocked still. It was Charlotte…. But…. Not Charlotte…. "Char?" "Lizzy! I thought it was you!" Char ran up and gave her a big hug which Lizzy returned slowly. Charlotte looked up at Lizzy confused. "Why aren't you saying anything? Are you not glad to see me?" Char's face fell. "Oh. Well… You needn't have come then, you could've just said, it's just that I–" Lizzy cut her off mid-sentence. "Oh no, of course I wanted to come, it's just that…" "Yes?" Charlotte asked defensively. "You look so different, that's all. I wouldn't have recognised you if you hadn't have called my name. You look so…. Professional…" Charlotte looked down at her clothes and played with them with her fingertips. "Do you think it looks good?" She looked up at Lizzy nervously. "Of course, anything and everything looks good on you." Lizzy replied, and it was true. Charlotte did look good. Better even. Like she had purpose and reason. "Thanks Lizzy. But um… Do you have something different to wear?" Charlotte asked hesitantly. "No… What's wrong with what I'm wearing?" Lizzy asked indignantly, looking at her tights, old sweat shirt, vest and nikes. "Well I do… But it's all in my suitcase… I was planning to go on a run as soon as we got to your place, hence the clothes…" "Of course, I had forgotten about your inability to sit still for too long. Don't worry, we simply don't have the time. Just come." Charlotte rolled her eyes and grabbed Lizzy's suitcase and headed towards her car. Lizzy just stared in bewilderment. What on earth had happened to her best friend? "Come on Lizzy! We don't have all day!" Charlotte yelled. Lizzy smiled. That was more like her. Lizzy walked out after Char and just stared in astonishment at her car. "Are you serious?" "What?" "He bought you a range rover?!" "Maybe…" Lizzy just shook her head in bemusement and said nothing. "Where are we going now?" Lizzy asked, confused. "We have a meeting." "A meeting?" "With Mrs. DeBourgh." "Oh you are kidding." "Nope." Lizzy gritted her teeth while Char didn't make eye contact. There was silence. Lizzy sighed. "Come on, give it to me." "She's insanely powerful. Don't mess with her Lizzy." Charlotte said sternly. "Is she really that bad?" "Worse." Charlotte confirmed. "Is she the reason for this?" Lizzy gestured to Charlotte's appearance. "Yes, and it fits my job." "As Bill's personal assistant?" "Yes." Charlotte gritted her teeth and then sighed. "Man… You've changed so much Char." Lizzy said looking away. "I know, but I'm still the same goofy friend as I used to be Lizzy…" She said with a shy smile. "I know Char, I know." Lizzy gave her a small smile. They rode the rest of the way in silence. Lizzy got out of the car and gasped. It was not a house. It couldn't be. It was a mansion. It stood tall and proud, architecture neat and modern yet filled with a mysterious feeling of age. It stood tall and magnificent, lined with well groomed trees. The house itself had turrets that rose above the clouds themselves, each turret being topped with an officious looking British flag. The front itself was made of a sandstone with large imposing windows with traditional white frames lining the walls with not one window a millimetre out of place. "Goodness." Lizzy whispered, still staring at the thing Mrs De Bourgh called a house. "Hurry Lizzy, she's waiting for us!" Charlotte called out, already walking into the house. Lizzy ran to catch up. "Lizzy just don't infuriate her, please." Charlotte said, looking at her pleadingly. Lizzy nodded as they walked through large ornate double doors into a sitting room. She was immediately struck by the woman with platinum blonde hair and enough make-up to cover up what Lizzy was sure was her numerous wrinkles. The lady was wearing a bright pink tailored suit with dark bedazzled Gucci sunglasses settled on a nose that clearly had had some surgery done. She had paired her suit with her bright pink lipstick on her puckered frowning lips. Sitting next to her was a quiet young woman, dressed similarly but in a more sallow blue and awkwardly standing next to the couch which the ladies were residing on was one Bill Collins. "Charlotte dear, come closer." Bill said, his hand furiously waving her forward. Charlotte acquiesced. "Hello Lady Catherine." She said as she approached the couch. "Charlotte." Lady Catherine said, unmovingly. "Who is it that you've brought with you?" "This is Elizabeth Bennet, my friend I was telling you about." Charlotte said steadily. "The one who rejected Collins?" Aunt Catherine asked. "Yes ma'am."Charlotte winced and mouthed "sorry" to Elizabeth who shrugged. Rich had warned her his Aunt was a bitch. "Well come in front of me dear, I can't see around corners." Catherine barked. Elizabeth moved out of the shadows and fully into the room, in front of Mrs De Bourgh. The great lady took off her Gucci glasses and surveyed Elizabeth with bright blue hawk-like eyes which flickered in surprise before settling back to disgust. "Hello Mrs De Bourgh." Elizabeth said politely. "Elizabeth Bennet, I have heard much about you." "Yes, Eliza is much like I said, is she not Mrs De Bourgh." Collins interjected excitedly. "Indeed. What are you wearing girl? Do you have no self respect?" She said disdainfully. Lizzy gritted her teeth. "Actually, I was planning to go on a run, so if you'll excuse me." Lizzy turned to walk out of the room, she had already had enough of this De Bourgh character. She turned so quickly she didn't notice the solid body she had walked into and she fell backwards, closing her eyes in anticipation of pain but felt sturdy hands catch her instead. She opened her eyes to see dark stormy eyes looking back at her. "Elizabeth." He whispered. "Darcy." She breathed. He cleared his throat before righting her and letting go as if his hands were on fire. "You know my nephew Miss Bennet?" Mrs De Bourgh asked nosily. "We met on Mount Shimaro ma'am." Darcy supplied. Elizabeth just glared at him. "I'm sorry Mrs De Bourgh, but I find myself quite tired, I'm going to go have a rest now." Elizabeth said annoyed. She walked towards the door without another word. "My word, isn't she rude." Mrs De Bourgh said sternly. "I am so sorry, she is very rude, I will have a talk with my Cousin back at the house Mrs De Bourgh. So sorry." Collins started sniveling. While Charlotte and Darcy watched her go.
Hey All, Back with another chapter, sorry this one took so long to get up! Study is getting hectic - life of a poor uni student ftw... Anyway, enjoy! faithinfools xx NOTE: I've used Robert Frost's poem Fire and Ice and a bit of Jane Austen's original Pride and Prejudice, *no copyright intended*, they have more brilliant minds than I ever will.. Am I an honest man and true? Have I been good to you at all? Oh I'm so tired of playing these games We'd just be running down The same old lines, the same old stories of Breathless trains and, worn down glories Houses burning, worlds that turn on their own We Don't Eat - James Vincent McMorrow Elizabeth sighed. The cottage that Charlotte was living in was very quaint and quiet but she couldn't help but think it was like a cage. A cage that held her a prisoner. She had only been at Rosings for 3 days and she had already had enough. Reasons being: 1. Mrs De Bourgh or 'Fire-breathing-devil-dragon' as Lizzy liked to call her was constantly on her back about her clothes, her hair, her skin, her job, her sisters, her family, her life. The criticism was non-stop. She remembered back to dinner on her first night at Rosings: "Eliza." Mrs De Bourgh said sharply. Elizabeth looked up from her soup. "Yes ma'am." She replied civilly. "What do you do for a living?" "I am a snowboarding instructor ma'am." Elizabeth replied, once again looking down to finish sipping her soup quietly. "Well, that's quite extraordinary Miss Bennet." Mrs De Bourgh said disdainfully. "Do you draw?" "No ma'am, I was never taught." "Do you cook?" "Not well ma'am." Mrs De Bourgh looked affronted at this. "But how will you serve your husband?" She said, politely shocked. Lizzy fought the urge to roll her eyes. "With my sharply honed abilities in the bedroom ma'am." Lizzy said seriously with a western twang. "Like how my mama taught me." She looked back down at her soup and smiled hearing Charlotte cover up her laughter beside her with a cough. She looked up at Mrs De Bourgh's gasp and looking to her left… was that a smirk from the immovable Darcy? She raised her eyes to look at his, shocked while he simply moved his eyes back to his soup. "That is not a topic to discuss at the dinner table Miss Bennet." Catherine chided harshly. "If anything, I had expected Mr Collins cousin to be a little more well behaved." And with that started Mr Collins sputtering. Lizzy rolled her eyes, her frustration boiling just beneath the surface. 2. Every time she put one toe out of the house, one William Darcy managed to bump into her, no matter where she was on the Rosings property. He also managed to awkwardly talk to her about the weather and then make up an excuse to leave 2 minutes after he had stumbled across her. To say it was weird was putting it mildly. The first encounter was on the morning of her 2nd day. She had been out running in the woods when he had appeared on a horse right in front of her and said good morning. He had then proceeded to stare at her strangely before answering yes and bidding her goodbye. The second encounter was on the afternoon of the 2nd day when she had gone for a walk, admiring the beautiful surroundings that were around her. She was lost in her own mind when she heard a stick cracking, whirling around she saw Darcy. "Hello Elizabeth." He said haltingly. "Hello Darcy." She said with a scowl. She sighed, he was Rich's cousin after all, it was the least she could do to be civil. "I was just admiring the beautiful scenery. I love spring, it always has such a magical touch, the green leaves, the myriad of colourful flowers, simply stunning." She remarked, looking out at the greenery around her. "Yes." He replied. "The weather is also quite nice today." He clipped. "Indeed it is." She said steadily, refusing to make the exchange easier for him. After minutes of uncomfortable silence, he turned on his heel and left her, without so much as a goodbye while she stared after him. She shrugged and continued on her merry way when she heard him turn around and walk towards her. "Yes Darcy?" She asked. "What do you think of poetry as a token of affection?" He said suddenly. "It has a high efficacy of driving away love." She replied, arching one brow at her. "I was have been used to considering poetry as the food of love." "Of a fine, stout, healthy love it may. Everything nourishes what is strong already. But if it be only a slight, thin sort of inclination, I am convinced that one good sonnet will starve it entirely away." She said. He stared into her eyes, watching, looking for something before opening his mouth. "Some say the world will end in fire." "Some say in ice." She said softly, following his lead. "From what I've tasted of desire." "I hold with those who favour fire." "But if it had to perish twice," "I think I know enough of hate." "To say that for destruction ice." "Is also great." "And would suffice," she finished softly. He reached out his hand, as if to touch her cheek as her body leaned in towards his, almost intuitively. Before he suddenly jerked back his hand as if it were burning, turned and stalked off. Lizzy shook her head in wonder. "What a strange man." She muttered to herself. 3. Collins wouldn't shut up about Mrs De Bourgh, and how expensive her house was. He was almost as bad as her mother. He knew the exact price of every piece of furniture in the De Bourgh mansion as well as its make, design, rarity, it was ridiculous. Many a comment was made on the "fine authentic furniture", the "stunningly fragile tapistries that so wonderfully matched the rustic brick walls" of the house, not to mention that that rug, right there, the one she was oh so undelicately standing on cost 500,000 pounds. How could Charlotte live with this, Lizzy had no idea. 4. Richard had only been able to skype her once during her time at Rosings, and the call lasted 2 minutes before he had to leave for some official Pemberley business. She was missing him more than she thought she would. Lizzy had always been an independent woman and to rely on someone other than Jane this much was new and frightening. But she had given her word and she would stick by it. Lizzy sighed again, it had just started to drizzle, she stood at the window, watching the little raindrops slide down the windowpane, ruining her thoughts of going on a run. She had dressed in her long tights, a nike running top with a large hoody that she had borrowed from Richard before he left for London. She turned away from the window, deciding to get started on that book she had brought with her. Sitting down by the fire, she had just lightly trailed her fingers down the spine when the door to the room opened. "Darcy!" Lizzy jumped up, dropping the book on the ground. "Goodness, you scared me!" She said breathlessly. She watched him curiously, he seemed nervous, fluttering, unable to keep still on his feet. His shirt and pants slightly damp from the rain, eyes constantly watching her, she waited. "Would you like some tea…?" She asked hesitantly. "No," He replied, tacking a quick "thank you" on the end. "Charlotte and Collins are out at the moment." She said, filling in the awkward silence that had invaded the room. "Yes, I know, I came across them as I was walking here." He replied. "Can I help you with something?" She asked him, confused. He nodded and began to pace steadily, back and forth, still he didn't speak. She waited, arms crossed, watching him stop, open his mouth, shake his head and start pacing again. "I'm sorry Darcy, but I don't have all day to stand here and watch you pace." She said, annoyed. Darcy stopped, turned to look at her, took a deep breath and blurted, "Marry me." Lizzy's jaw dropped. "Excuse me?" She said, unbelievingly. "You heard me Elizabeth, marry me." Darcy said. When she didn't answer, he started pacing again. "I have struggled in vain with this decision and I can bear it no longer. I have fought against my better judgment, my family's expectation and your family and I am willing to put them aside for us to be together." Elizabeth stood there with her mouth open, her anger boiling on the inside. "No." "No?" He reeled back as if she had slapped him. "No Darcy, I am sorry but I cannot accept." She said, grinding out the words. "And may I ask why as to with so little civility you choose to reject me?" He said angrily. "I am sure that all those things which you told me hindered your regard for me will help you in overcoming this attraction." She spat at him, walking around him and walking out the front door, slamming the door behind her. She didn't care it was raining harder than before, she didn't care if she got sick, she didn't care if she was going to ruin Collins' carpet or upholstery when she got back, she just had to get away from that vile man. She heard the door open and close and footsteps as he ran after her. "Elizabeth!" He yelled. He grabbed her arm tight. "Let. Go." She said, trying to breathe steadily. Darcy let go immediately as if his hand had been burned. Lizzy hissed as the pressure was released from her arm, she knew immediately it would bruise later. "What do you want?" She said whirling around angrily. "I owe you nothing." "You owe me an explanation!" He yelled at her. She laughed sadistically. "An explanation? You just told me you liked me against your better judgement. You insulted my family and myself and you expect me to marry you? Most guys go for a date first, this isn't the 17th Century!" She spat at him. "Even if I wasn't offended by what you said, I have other reasons, you know I have." "What do you think th–" He started. She cut him off. "Do you think that there is anything in the world that could tempt me to accept the man who quite possibly ruined the happiness of a most beloved sister?" He closed his mouth shut, eyes showing a brief look of shock before his usual mask of indifference slipped back into place. Lizzy looked away. "Do you deny it then?" She asked, her voice full of quiet rage. "No." He said simply, staring her straight in the eye. "How dare you–" She began, he cut her off. "Before you even think of berating me, I checked most diligently, watched her for any kind of partiality on her behalf and there was none." He said indignantly. "That's because she's shy!" Elizabeth said loudly. "And there was the matter of your mother." He went on, ignoring her outburst. "My mother?" Elizabeth said in disbelief. "She made it abundantly clear that a marriage between your sister and Bingley would be very advantageous to her." He said, watching her. "Charles wasn't dating her." Elizabeth yelled at him, "He was dating my sister, and I had never seen her happier in my life and you ripped that away from her. My mother may be overbearing but she just wants the best for her children, you can't fault her for that." "Do you not try and justify her behaviour." He yelled back. "And you can justify yours?" She countered. She scoffed, "Coming from a man who has been the perfect gentleman up until this point." She said sarcastically. "Do you not think Elizabeth, that if you were in my position, and you were looking out for your sister, you would have done exactly the same thing." He said scathingly. She was silent at that. "What about Mr Wickham." She said. His face turned murderous, she knew she had hit him with a low blow but she didn't care, he had insulted not only her, but her sister. "What about that bastard?" He hissed at her. She crossed her arms defiantly. "You knew. You knew exactly what he was like and yet you didn't do anything, you didn't tell anyone, and now he's running around, doing God knows what, probably raping innocent women, scamming money off of them and abusing them." She screamed at him. "How can you live with yourself knowing that? He's a ruthless person, trying to sleep with every woman who he can get his hands on." "You don't know everything!" He yelled at her then, hands shaking in fury. His eyes moving downwards, unable to look at hers until his eyes stopped. His throat closed up as he looked at the hoody she was wearing closely. "Who's is that?" He asked quietly, his voice raspy, heart clenched tightly, already knowing the answer to his question. She looked down, confused. "It's Richard's." She said, looking at the faded maroon Oxford jumper with a dark scorch mark down one arm and a white stain on the left side of the torso. His shoulders slumped then, his eyes searching hers for something, what, she didn't know. His eyes then moved to the ground. "So this is what you think of me," he whispered quietly. "I'm sorry Miss Bennet, for taking up so much of your time." He said, looking her once more in the eyes before turning abruptly and walking towards Rosings as quickly as he could. Elizabeth slumped to her knees and let out a frustrated scream as tears started to fall from her eyes, falling with the rain. Darcy walked back towards the house dejected, dejected and angry. How could Richard have not told him? They were… he didn't know what they were but he sure as hell knew he didn't want to know. He was shivering and soaked through, the rain pouring down like his endless torment. She had said it herself, there was nothing on earth that could tempt her to accept him. His eyes teared, teardrops slowly falling down his face, merging with the rain. He kept his eyes on the ground, walking steadily, as he was just about to reach the front of the house, he heard his name being called from behind, he turned around, hopeful it was her. "Darcy!" Richard called, an umbrella in his hand. "Are you alright? I've been looking for you everywhere!" Richard said happily. "God man, you are soaked through, you're going to get sick." He said jovially. Then he stopped and looked at Darcy closely. "Will, are you okay?" He said seriously, reaching out to clap his cousin on the shoulder. Darcy pulled back and stepped away from his cousin. "Don't Richard, just don't." He said defensively. "Will… I just want to –" "Why didn't you tell me?" He asked, eyes looking up, boring into Richard's own. "Tell you what Will?" Richard said confused. "You.. You… You- You and her." He started and finished lamely. Richard's face turned from confusion into recognition. "She told you about us?" Richard asked, thoroughly confused. Darcy looked away. "Not exactly." He said quietly, the sound of the rain around them deafening. "We're dating Will, I couldn't tell you because you never gave me the chance to, you hated her family from the start and sure as hell wouldn't approved of me being friends with her let alone dating her. You barely tolerate her for Georgiana's sake." Richard said seriously, sighing. "God Will, your distaste for her and her family were visible from the start, she told me about how you said that she wasn't good enough to suit your tastes... I just didn't know how to tell you." "I– She heard that?!" Darcy closed his eyes in defeat, taking a deep breath before opening his eyes and tried again, "You know you could tell me anything Richard and I would listen." He said quietly, "You're like a brother to me." "I know." Richard replied. "I'm going back to work Richard." Darcy said determinedly. "What?" His cousin said reeling back, "but I just got here… Who is going to save me from Aunty Cathy's vicious claws." He said jokingly. "Ask your girlfriend, she's more than capable." Darcy said bitterly, then he sighed. "I'm sorry Richard. I just… I need to get back to look after things there, I just got a call this morning, the London office needs me." He lied. "Okay." Richard said, knowing his cousin was lying (Will had never been a good liar). "I'll see you when I get back." Darcy nodded and clapped his cousin on the back, walking away. Hope you enjoyed that little chapter, R&R friends xx
Hey Friends, Sorry for the long wait! But here it is, it continues! - albeit like 10 years late :\ Faithinfools xx Don't stop, don't stop believing In truth and grace in the grievance You want someone to want you for who you are I want someone to try, or let me down easy, easy tonight Easy, easy tonight Let Me Down Easy - Gang of Youths Richard had found her sitting in the rain, staring at a large oak tree in front of her and quickly took off his coat and wrapped it around his lady. He reached down and gently lifted her chin towards him. "Hey." He whispered. "Hey." She said softly back. "Want to talk about it?" He asked. She shook her head, no. "Come." He said, helping her to her feet, walking her towards the cottage. She was shivering, her whole body undergoing violent shaking as they walked back. "I've got to go, Aunt Catty will live up to her namesake if I don't go and make my presence known." Richard said solemnly as they reached the cottage. She cracked a small smile. "Go get warm and dried up, I'll be back later to check and see how you're doing okay?" He said. "Okay. Thanks Rich." She said softly. "That's okay." He replied, "what are boyfriends for?" He kissed her on the lips and gave her hand a squeeze before braving the rain once more. Elizabeth shook her head. Charlotte wasn't home yet and neither was Collins, both still working out at Rosings. She went into the bathroom and stripped off her clothes and turned on the hot water feeling the stress wash away from her. She sighed. What had Darcy been thinking? What had she been thinking? God, for him to tell her he loved her, what was going on? She was sure he saw her as his little sister's annoying friend. Eugh, she wanted to forget that the whole day had happened. And what would she tell Rich? She couldn't tell him his cousin had told her he loved her. How could she? She wished this day had never happened. Shaking her head, she stepped into the hall and turned in shock as she heard a strangled gasp. She stumbled as she recognised Darcy staring at her in the shadows. He reached out and caught her. "I –" "Please" He said quietly, letting go as soon as she was stable as if his hands were burning. "I am only here to give you this, please do me the favour of reading it." He said watching her intently, sadness in his eyes. She nodded. "Goodbye Elizabeth." He murmured, drinking her image in before leaving her standing alone and cold in the dreary hallway. Elizabeth walked into her room, throwing the letter on her bed, not bothering to open it. She got changed slowly before settling herself down on the alcove next to the window in silence for God knows how long until a knock at the door disturbed her peace. "Come in" She said quietly. "Hey." Rich poked his head around the door. "Who lives here? Seriously, I walked towards the door, about to knock and it literally swung open for me." He said, a smile gracing his face jokingly, his eyes worried. "Rich," she said haltingly, "How did you get here, to Rosings I mean?" Richard looked at her, his brow furrowed. "I used Pemberley's jet, why?" He asked. "Can we" She started, "Can we get away from here?" She asked him, "Just for a little while, I have 4 days until I have to be back training." She said quietly, "And I don't think I can take it much longer here." He looked at her concerned. "But what about your friend Lizbear? Won't she be upset?" Richard asked, thoroughly confused. He hadn't met Lizzy's friend who had been working when he arrived at Rosings. "Yes, but I'm sure she'll understand, I just…" She fell silent. She didn't know what she felt, she just knew she needed to get away. "Elizabeth." Richard said soothingly. She flinched, only one person called her that and when Richard said it, it wasn't the same. "Are you okay?" He asked, bending down in front of her and holding her hands in his. She looked into his eyes. "No." She replied truthfully. "Want to talk to me about it?" He asked. "Not just yet." She breathed quietly. "I don't feel I'm ready, well, to tell you the truth, I don't know what I feel." She said. "Okay," Richard said, resigned, "but you will have to tell me one day, please, so I can prove to you that I am there for you, when you need it." Elizabeth looked deep into his eyes then, a small smile christening her face. "I know." She whispered. "Shall we get away?" He asked her giving her a small smile. "Please." She replied. Elizabeth looked at the mess around her. Her clothes were strewn all over the room, Charlotte still hadn't come back home and Richard was making calls, ready for their departure and arrival to a new unknown destination. She stared blankly at her clothes, just as she had been for the past 2 hours. How could he say he loved her? He didn't even know her. He wanted to marry her for gods sake! She still couldn't believe it. How could he believe she would attach herself willingly to a man with no honour or integrity. She shook her head. He was a lying, deceiving, somehow in love with her asshat anyway. He was a bizarre man. She sat playing with the letter between her hands. She didn't owe that man anything. The nerve he had to give it to her… She couldn't believe it. She tossed the letter into her handbag and resumed her "packing". Both Elizabeth and Richard had packed their bags that night, well Elizabeth had, Richard just picked up his bag from Rosings, told his Aunt he was leaving without the slightest remorse, picked Elizabeth up from Charlotte's house, and off they went. Elizabeth left Charlotte a note on her desk explaining that she had had an unfortunate run in with Darcy and that she would explain it all later. Richard looked towards Lizzy, she was still off. He couldn't quite put his finger on what it was but he knew she was upset. They had been in the air for at least half an hour now and she was still twirling what looked to be a crumpled up, slightly damp letter between her hands. She hadn't opened said letter but had been staring blankly in front of her for the entire flight thus far. "Open it." He said. She startled and looked at him blankly. "Open it Lizzy, if it's making you this upset, open it. How much harm can one letter bring?" Lizzy gave him an emotionless smile. "If only that were true Rich." Elizabeth had been back from her adventure to Kent and her impromptu trip with Richard to Barcelona for 2 weeks, slowly, steadily working her way towards her first championship since she had been back. She still hadn't opened the letter. "What is holding you back Lass?" Jerry asked, frustrated at his charge. She was so close to being back to the top of her game yet her times were now consistently under on the slalom, her half-pipe run was still unpolished and she still hadn't made any roads towards fixing her big air problem. "I know you're better than this, you know you're better than this. You're purposefully holding back on some of those moves and you've never held back your potential before, that's what made you famous Lassie. So what is it?" Jerry asked her gently. Elizabeth huffed and sat in the snow, taking her goggles off and rubbing her eyes. "Jerry…" she started. "No. Not any more Lassie, either you come clean and out with it or I refuse to coach you any longer." Jerry said, arms crossed. "There'd be no point you see." Sighing, Lizzy shook her head in defeat and pulled out of her pocket one crumpled, weeks old piece of paper, slightly stained and slightly mottled. "I haven't read it." She said quietly. "What is it about?" Jerry asked. "I don't know." She replied, confusion clear in her voice. "Then what are you so afraid of?" He nudged her gently. "I think Elizabeth, you need to face your fears, you are worried that whatever is in that letter will either confirm or deny your theory and you don't know whether or not you want what you think to be true or false. I can see the inner turmoil in you Lass, by my advice, you had best open it, do not let it eat away at you." "Its from Darcy." She whispered. "All the more better reason, you've never seen him eye to eye and perhaps this is your chance. Give him a chance Lass." Jerry said sternly. "Alright, let's call it a day, your homework is to read the letter." Elizabeth rolled her eyes. "Really?" She asked him. "Yes." It wasn't until the sun had gone down and the night skiing had begun that Lizzy had made herself a hot chocolate and was curled up in her bed staring at the letter. "Come on Lizzy, you're such a wuss, just open the damn thing." She muttered to herself. She shook her head and reached out a trembling hand and opened the seal. "Good first step." Then she began to read: Elizabeth, Please, do not trouble yourself further thinking this letter contains more of the feelings that thoroughly disgusted you when we last spoke, I will not humiliate myself anymore by repeating how I feel. I am mortified enough as it is and you've made it abundantly clear that you despise me. The true purpose of this letter is to address some of the things you accused me of when we last spoke and I would be very grateful if you gave me the chance to explain my reasoning behind everything. Firstly, Jane. I admit, willingly, that I along with Caroline did have something to do with their split. I watched her most continuously and never saw partiality on her behalf. Charlie is like the brother I never had, I have watched him fall in and out of love several times Elizabeth, only to have his heart broken by women who love his money more than the man himself. He is a man who makes many rash decisions in his life and I thought that this would be one of them, especially when your mother continued praising Jane of her "catch" so to speak. My judgment in this case was flawed but please understand that I stand by what I did, it was only out of my love for him as a brother that I intervened and if I have caused Jane any hurt, I am deeply sorry, that was never my intention. As for Mr Wickham, I suspect Georgiana told you her side of the story but I think it's best that I tell you mine as well. George and I were best friends when we were growing up, his father worked for mine and they were very close. We were almost brothers. During our time together as young boys he got into a lot of mischief and there were many incidents surrounding the estate that I covered as I did not want to let my father see the real George Wickham, especially as Wickham's father had passed away 5 years earlier and my father had his own failing health. After my father passed, Wickham was given one of our smaller properties, a church, in hopes that he would someday become the rector of that church. He came to me after the funeral and demanded a lump sum instead of the living, I agreed and gave him excess of 40,000 pounds, the amount similar to the living. That was the last time I was to see him, or so I thought. He came back 3 years later having squandered all of the money I had given him gambling and dealing and demanded the living that was bequeathed to him by my father. I flatly refused and he swore his revenge. A year later, I went to visit Georgiana in Ramsgate, by the sea where I discovered she had met George and they were to elope. I was enraged, I told George that he did not have my permission and he said it didn't matter as they were eloping. I then told him that due to Georgiana being underage, and me being her legal guardian, I was within my rights to refuse Georgiana her inheritance. When George realised he was not going to get a cent, he dumped her and left. Georgiana was heart broken, this was almost a year ago and she has not quite recovered just yet. As for why I never told anyone or tried to warn many about the harm this man could do… I wanted to protect my sister, her reputation would never be the same if word had gotten out and I want desperately for her to have a normal teenage life. Perhaps, I could have tried harder and found a way to warn others about him but I doubt many would have taken me seriously. Lastly, Richard. I hope you two are very happy together and I apologise if I have made things awkward in your relationship. Elizabeth, I talked to Richard before I left and he made me aware that you overheard my conversation with Charles on the night of Charlotte's party. I should never had said that about you and I am abundantly sorry, I was in a foul mood that night but that is no excuse for my behaviour. I am so sorry for the hurt I have caused you Elizabeth, take care of yourself and good luck for the competition. All the best, Will And that was when the formidable Lizzy Bennet started to cry. Over the next few months Lizzy began to retreat within herself as she practiced for the championship. She had started a routine, she would go out on the slopes for a morning run, then practice with Uncle Jerry before teaching 4 rounds of classes before going back out onto the slopes to practice again until it was so dark that she couldn't see 10m in front of her. She would come home promptly, speak to Richard on the phone or over skype for half an hour while she ate dinner and collapse into bed promptly after. The only thing she didn't practice was the big air. She continued to work on her slalom run, her time getting quicker and quicker. It was now a 1.34, so close to her aim of 1.30 and even her parallel which was always the worst of the two was now down to 2.30. She was quietly proud of herself, her runs were becoming faster and faster each time she went out on the slopes. On the halfpipe her frontside and backside 720 mute grabs were becoming more and more clean, she was finally learning to land her new frontside 1080s, her execution was almost perfect and with her run fully memorised even with a few hard landings and unintentional simple ollies, Lizzy felt that it was coming along. The big air was the only thing that really stood in her way now, but every time she looked over the edge of the large jump she froze, her mind immediately flashing back to Henry's body, bruised and broken. She had thus far avoided the jump but knew she couldn't keep it up for much longer. She would have to face her fear at some point. She sighed as she rode down the mountain after her 5:30am morning run towards Uncle Jerry's hut, ready to go out to the practice slopes with him on the chopper. Lizzy looked down at her watch. Perfect. Still a whole hour and a half until she had to be ready to teach. She slid up towards Uncle Jerry's hut, hand poised to knock on the door when to her surprise it opened and on the other side was Jane. "Jane?" Lizzy asked, confused. "What are you doing here?" "What am I doing here?" Jane shook her head and scoffed. "Get inside Elizabeth." Lizzy gulped. Jane never used her full name. She walked into the entry way and down the narrow hallway into the small space Uncle Jerry called his accumulative kitchen and dining room. Uncle Jerry was sitting in his slacks at the kitchen table, his hands clasped together. "Uncle Jerry? What's going on here?" "Sit down Elizabeth." Jane said firmly. Lizzy promptly dropped into a seat across from Uncle Jerry. "Okay… So what is this all about?" She asked. "What is this all about? Lizzy, what happened to you? Ever since you came back from Rosings you've barely said a word to me. You don't go out, you don't talk to me, to Uncle Jerry, to mum or dad, to anybody Lizzy! Not only that, you barely get any sleep! The number of times I've heard you walking around in the middle of the night is ridiculous! I can't do this anymore Lizzy! I can't watch you turn yourself into some sort of snowboarding monster. All you do is snowboard and sleep, you barely eat! You're as scrawny as I've ever seen you!" Jane shouted, her arms making frantic movements before she collapsed into a chair. Lizzy just raised an eyebrow. "Okay… Jane, if its really worrying you I can eat more, its not big deal." Lizzy said, shrugging. "Of course it's a big deal! Lizzy, you barely talk to me anymore! What happened at Rosings?" Jane asked, her eyes full of concern. Lizzy looked away, oh Jane, she thought, if only you knew. "I even talked to Richard and he said something had been up with you too. You're not as "spunky" as you used to be." Jane said. "And I don't know how I can get that Elizabeth back." "I'm sorry Jane, that is one thing I can't tell you, I…. It's not my secret to tell." She said quietly, Lizzy turned to Uncle Jerry. "And what do you have to do with all of this Uncle Jerry?" She asked. "I agree with Miss Jane, you have been working yourself entirely too hard." He said, his eyes betraying his stoic face. "But you said I needed to train and that's all I've been doing!" Lizzy said angrily. "That's what you're supposed to do if you're a good competitor." "Aye, but you don't need to do it til the death Lass. What also makes a good competitor is one that knows their limits, on and off the field." "I am fine!" Lizzy mumbled angrily. "You are not fine!" Jane screamed. Lizzy, looked up at her sister in shock. Jane never screamed, she barely raised her voice. "Lizzy you are retreating into yourself! I have already lost him, I will not lose you too!" Jane shouted. She took a deep breath in and sighed, rubbing her face in her hands. "I have arranged for you to do a tour of the peak district with Aunt Maddie and Uncle Ed." Lizzy stood up and walked around the table and hugged her sister. "I am sorry Jane. I did not mean to scare you like that." She whispered. "I will make a larger effort. I didn't mean to worry you." She kissed Jane on the head. "If you think this is what's best for me I'll go." Jane sagged in relief. "Thank you Lizzy." She said tiredly. "I promise I won't ever leave you." Lizzy said seriously, "on purpose that is." She said with a sly smile. Jane turned and hit her sister playfully. "Lizzy!" "I'm kidding Jane I swear!" Lizzy said backing up, laughing. "I'm guessing it's okay by you then Uncle Jerry?" He nodded. "Go enjoy yourself Lass. Come back ready to train hard, it'll only be a month until championships by then and you still haven't conquered the big air." He said seriously, giving her a half-smile. "Now go, both of you, out of here, you're disturbing my peace." Lizzy rolled her eyes at him. "Aye, you are right, I haven't had a moment of peace since you've come back to me." Lizzy just huffed. "Come Lizzy, Maddie and Ed are arriving at 10am sharp and as soon as they come, I'm shipping you off." Jane said, getting up before giving Uncle Jerry a hug, "Thanks Uncle Jerry." "You're welcome Jane, come back and visit me soon." He said seriously. "Yes, it's been too long hasn't it?" Jane mused and together the two sisters walked out of the hut and back into the snow. They walked in silence, quietly enjoying the cold crisp air that formed mist as they breathed in and out. "I am sorry Jane." Lizzy said finally, "You know that right? Please tell me you do, you're my best friend." She said, her eyes flickering up towards Jane's face. "I know Lizzy." Jane said, "but I meant what I said, it wasn't just you that lost Henry that day, it was me too, and I won't lose you as well. I won't let you go back into your shell again. It took me months Lizzy, MONTHS to even begin to see you look the same as you used to." Jane said seriously. "I'm not the same girl I used to be Jane." Lizzy sighed, running her fingers through her hair. "I know." She replied quietly, "And I still haven't figured out whether or not that's a good thing." Lizzy looked at her sister quizzically, but Jane ignored her and looked straight ahead. "Hey, isn't that Wickham?" She asked Lizzy, concerned. Elizabeth turned to see one George Wickham sauntering his way down towards them, followed by Denny. Lizzy's mouth hardened into a frown. "Let's go quickly Jane, I don't want to talk to that bastard." Lizzy said harshly under her breath. "Lizzy, Jane, good to see you both." Wickham said confidently. "No." Lizzy replied shortly. "We'll just be on our way then." Lizzy said moving both girls around the men when Wickham reached out and grabbed her wrist. "Hold on, what happened? Did I do something wrong?" Wickham asked, mockingly. "Let go of me George." Lizzy said warningly, he quickly let go in response. "Maybe next time you tell stories, make sure you tell the truth." His eyes narrowed. "I see." He said shortly. "I'm going racing for the championship too you know and when I win that big trophy and that huge lot of prize money all for myself…" He moved himself closer to her until their noses were almost touching, staring her in the eye before moving towards her ear. "I'm going to take your sister out and screw her for everything that she's worth…. Lydia was it…?" He whispered. Lizzy screamed with rage. "Why you piece of no good, lying shit." She yelled at him, punching him as hard as she could. "You absolute arsehole, you stay away from my sister." She shouted at him with rage. He looked at her, blood pouring from his nose, he laughed. "My, you are a feisty one. I might keep away from her but will she keep away from me?" Said through the blood. "Lizzy, let's go." Jane said quickly pulling her sister away from him. "What did he say Lizzy?" She asked her sister worriedly as soon as they were far enough away from Wickham. "What did he say?" "He said he would screw Lydia." She said angrily. "And you know what, at this rate, she'd probably let him." She said, shrugging her sister off and walking purposefully towards the house. "Come on Jane!" Jane shook her head and ran after her wayward sister. What happens next...? As always, R&R xx
Hello All, I is back! Another year down, another year to go! Thanks for those of you who are still reviewing and reminding me to get my ass into gear to finish this pet project. Faithinfools xx Cause I have no right to love you When I chose to walk away I have no right to miss you When I didn't wanna stay And I have no right to need you And I knew what my heart was gonna lose I have no right to love you But I do, I still do No Right To Love You - Rhys Lewis "Lizzy dear!" Aunt Maddie shouted, calling her wayward niece back from where she was currently running around in the autumn leaves that had swept around the dirt track. "Come on, we've got a lot of ground to cover before we get back!" Lizzy shook her head and giggled. "Coming Maddie!" She shouted back, running through the green grass that lined the path. They had been exploring the vast Peak District for the past 10 days, their journey almost at it's end. Lizzy felt more relaxed than she had been for the past 4 months, the tense feeling in her shoulders had slowly but surely gone and she felt at ease. In a state of peaceful bliss she would've called it. She reached her Aunt and Uncle and together they walked back to the car in comfortable silence, admiring the great peaks, grass, rivers and life that sprang from the roots of the trees to the clouds in the sky. "Lizzy! Stop woolgathering girl and get in the car!" Ed shouted at her laughingly. She just shook her head as she popped into the backseat of the SUV. "Where to next Uncle Ed?" She asked him. "We're not stopping just yet are we? There's so much light still left in the day." "Hush now young Padawan, us old folks can't quite keep up with you young folk anymore." Aunt Maddie replied in a croaky old voice. "Pish posh Maddie, you ran the London Marathon just last year! You're more fit than I am." Lizzy said mock exasperatedly. "You two put me to shame I tell thee, shame!" "Tsk tsk Lizzy, you shouldn't provoke the elderly like that." Uncle Ed said smiling in response. "Look, I need to fill up on gas anyway, while I do that I'll go in and ask for a map so we can figure out exactly where we're going next, with you two in the car navigating I wouldn't put it past us to get completely, hopelessly lost." He said shaking his head as he pulled up and got out of the car. "Now, don't discuss anything inappropriate while I'm gone, unless it's about what a hunk I am." He said jokingly. "Eww Edddd!" Lizzy cried, covering her ears and closing her eyes while Aunt Maddie laughed. As soon as her husband left the car Maddie whirled around to look at Lizzy. "So whats going on Lizzy?" She asked seriously. Lizzy looked at her in confusion. "What do you mean what's going on?" She asked. "Seriously? I have to go through this?" Maddie said, raising an eyebrow, waiting. She rolled her eyes. "Well first, we get a hysterical call from Jane begging us to take you on our tour of the peak district even though we already asked Jane and she accepted our invitation. Then we come pick you up and you look like you're being dragged to your doom. And on this trip you've been completely spaced out, don't think I haven't noticed Lizzy, sometimes I'll talk to you for a good minute and a half and you still won't be with me. I've given you 10 days to figure out what the shit is going on with you but now you have no choice but to tell me before I scream." Maddie said all in a big huff. "Honestly, there's nothing going on." Lizzy said nonchalantly. "Elizabeth Bennet, don't you lie to me now. I practically helped raised you." Maddie said sternly. "I'm not stupid, don't treat me like I am." Nothing further came from Lizzy's lips and Maddie sighed. "Sometimes it helps you know, talking about what's eating you up inside." "Alright, long story short there's this guy and he does my head in, we argue about everything and anything and before I left we had the biggest argument, one I didn't think we would ever forgive each other for but then he wrote me a letter, explaining…. Well… everything and now I don't know what to feel." She trailed off quietly. "It sounds like this man has made a big impact in a very unexpected way." Maddie said quietly. "Is this why you've been a bit out of it recently?" "I… Yeah…. I'm just a bit confused that's all... And it's killing me that I don't know what to do or how to do it or how to fix any of it." She replied, her brow furrowed. "Do you… Do you have feelings for this man?" Maddie asked. "Because it sounds like you do." "I don't… I don't think so." Lizzy replied, confused. "I have a boyfriend Maddie." She said strongly, her voice wavering slightly. "And I really do like him." "Lizzy… Honey, are you trying to convince me, or are you trying to convince yourself?" She replied gently. "I think you need to have a long hard think about what you want out of all this. Something tells me the next few weeks are going to be some big ones for you and if you don't know what you want, you're going to end up hurting yourself." She replied. "I managed to get a map! Boy that fella is a talker, he wouldn't let me go and get back to my girls!" Ed chuckled as he opened the door. "Alright, I know the vague direction we're going, Maddie you better take the map and point me in the direction we need to go or we are definitely going to end up sleeping in the car for the night." Maddie rolled her eyes and they were off again. Lizzy sat quietly in the back seat, watching the English countryside pass by, the greenery, paddocks, sheep and cows flying past her in a blur. What was Maddie on about? She didn't have feelings for Darcy, where did she get that insane notion from? Besides, she was in a committed relationship with Richard and she liked him, a lot. But there was something unsettling about the way Darcy looked at her, those icy blue eyes, something about them felt like they were seeing straight through her, like they could dismantle all the walls she had spent years building up in seconds. She shivered. No. She was with Richard and an attraction to Darcy wasn't something she was willing to even consider as a remote possibility in her mind. "This looks like a nice place to stop. Pemberley Estate, have you heard of it before Ed? It's near where I grew up, it's absolutely beautiful in this season. The leaves are just stunning and the gardens…" Ed looked at his wife with a wry smile. "You could just ask you know." He chuckled. Lizzy shook her head and smiled at their bickering, gazing out of the window, Pemberley… that sounded familiar but why… She couldn't remember for the life of her as she continued admiring the beautiful scenery outside her window. After about 10 minutes, she froze. Wait a minute… Pemberley Hotel/Resorts… Pemberley Estate… Georgiana Darcy… William Darcy… Crap. "Uhhh Maddie, I think we should go to one of the other estates, I don't think that the owners would appreciate us showing up unannounced." "Please Lizzy, we already called ahead, where has your head been at for the past few hours?" Maddie looked at her meaningfully, "their housekeeper is expecting us, she said the owners won't be around today, they're at some charity benefit." Lizzy felt somewhat more relaxed but was still as jittery as a rabbit, ready to make her getaway. They drove through the gates down the long windy gravel driveway that was lined with beautiful pine trees. All three gasped as they spotted the house in the distance. It's imposing white walls stood high with green, winding ivy curling it's way up the aged stone. The stone arched and curved it's way around the building with small delicate touches of antique stonework on the edges of the walls. The mansion itself was quite possibly the biggest house Lizzy had ever visited. A large fountain caught her eye as its water flowed gently down towards the pond below, the ducks happily swimming in its depths. As the car got to the top of the driveway, Lizzy turned to view the lands below the house, the rolling hills and various green pastures, deep forests awaited her aching feet. She smiled gently, it was certainly very Darcy. "Come on then poppet!" Maddie called, "we're waiting for you." Lizzy rolled her eyes and smiled, bounding out of the car, coming to an immediate halt in front of a stern woman with grey hair tied up neatly in a bun, with hawk eyes watching her every move. "Hello." The lady said, staring down at Lizzy through her thin rimmed glasses. "Hello." Lizzy replied. "Lizzy, this is Cynthia Reynolds. She's the housekeeper/manager of Pemberley Estate." Maddie introduced her. "She used to look out for me when we were both younger." Maddie laughed. "Indeed. To keep Miss Madeleine out of trouble." She replied dryly. "Always getting yourself up to no good weren't you?" She said rolling her eyes. "Pish posh Cindy, you know you miss it." Maddie said cheekily. "Funnily enough I don't." She said giving her a wry smile, her eyes still watching Lizzy inquisitively. "And this is my husband, Edward Gardiner." Maddie said, introducing the man, clearly still gawking at the size of the house next to her. "Pleasure." Mrs Reynolds said. "Come in, please, let me give you a tour of the home." "Thank you." Together all four walked through the house, entering room after room of stunning design, high arched ceilings, immaculate marble floors and homey touches. "We have now toured all of the wings except for the west wing which is the family wing and off limits to any and all visitors. Partly for the privacy of the owners and partly because they are currently redoing and renovating some of the rooms down that wing." Mrs Reynolds explained. "Lastly but not least we have the family gallery. This room contains multiple priceless pieces of multiple generations of the Darcy family. As you can see they start quite early in the Renaissance era down this end and travel all the way to the current Darcys." Together the four meandered their way down the gallery as Mrs Reynolds continued her talk on the history of the Darcys. Lizzy was caught up in the beauty that was the paintings and statues as she walked apart from the group until she stopped at the very last one at the end of the hall. A portrait of Mr Darcy, Mrs Darcy, Darcy and Georgiana when they were children sat in it's impressively large frame. "It is a very accurate depiction of the family at the time." Mrs Reynolds said coming up next to Lizzy. "It is very well done." Lizzy replied. "I am serving scones and tea in the kitchen for your Aunt and Uncle if you would like to join us." Mrs Reynolds offered. Lizzy turned towards her to see her guarded eyes watching her closely. "Actually Mrs Reynolds, I was just about to ask if it was okay that I have a wander around the gardens, it is such a beautiful day outside, it would be a shame to waste it." She asked politely. "Of course Miss Lizzy, though perhaps join us in about an hour, I believe that is when Miss Madeleine was thinking of leaving and checking into your motel for the night." "Thank you Mrs Reynolds." Lizzy said before opening a small door out onto the alfresco behind the house and running down the stairs, laughing at the freedom of the gentle rolling hills and slight breeze blowing her wayward hair around her eyes. She started off down the path towards the many pine trees that lined the edge of the forest but was stopped by the soft neighing. She looked towards her left and spotted a gorgeous, large barn with rustic maroon coloured wooden doors with white edgings. Next to the barn was an equestrian field, currently bare. Lizzy smiled and ran down towards the barn, pausing as she heard a quiet melodic voice singing. "So I bid my goodbye and never knew. So close, was waiting, waiting here with you…" She walked quietly into the barn, slipping through the ajar door and walked through the barn towards the stables, peeking around the corner her eyes widened with what she saw. One William Darcy. Singing. In a pair of old jeans, scuffed, brown leather boots, a slightly open flannel, rolled up to show his bulging biceps, brushing a black horse. "Oh. My. God." Lizzy said, gasping as she covered her mouth. Damn it. His blue eyes immediately looked up, startled. Lizzy started. "Well shit." He stood up suddenly and the horse moved skittishly in fright. Lizzy turned and ran. She didn't look back once. Not even when he called her name, scaring the horse again. She ran and ran right back up to the house, not pausing once to catch her breath, her heart in her throat. She dashed into the kitchen, startling the 3 others. "Lizzy?" Maddie asked concerned. "We… have… to… go… now…" Lizzy said breathlessly. Maddie furrowed her brow. "But we just got here… I suppose we can leave a bit earlier than planned… Are you sure?" Lizzy nodded quickly, unable to speak. "Okay… How about you meet us at the car and we'll just help Cindy clean up in here before we leave." Lizzy nodded and mouthed a thankyou to her Aunt. She walked quickly out of the room, aware that all 3 occupants' eyes were on her. God. What was he doing here?! He was supposed to be at a stupid charity benefit. Heck. She shook her head in astonishment. God, that was embarrassing, why did things like this always happen to her? "Elizabeth?" A voice called out in the distance. Oh no. Oh no no no. God please don't let it be him. Not now. She walked quicker, her footsteps carrying her out of the foyer and onto the front steps towards the car. Steps got louder behind her as a hand reached out and gently touched her arm. "Elizabeth, please." She closed her eyes tightly, willing for him and this moment to go away. Funnily enough he didn't. She let out a small sigh and turned around to see Darcy, the same one from the stables not 10 minutes ago. "Hi." He said, his eyes watching her in disbelief. "Hi." She replied quietly. He reached out to cup her cheek in his hand, her face instantly molding into his callused yet gentle hand. "I just… Is this real?" He said softly, his blue eyes looking into hers. "I think so… I mean I can't teleport or anything or warp time, that would be totally cool if I could you know, Doctor Who style… Oh my god I'm babbling… please make me stop." She said, putting both hands on her mouth in horror. He chuckled as he withdrew his hand from her face. "I… I had always imagined you being here but never once did I think it would be real…" "Well… I didn't… I mean I wouldn't have come if I knew you were here…" She said, his shoulders dropped an inch and his smile became troubled. "I just… I didn't know… I didn't want to impose…" "You couldn't have known… I was at a charity event but something was just calling me home… Besides, I don't do well in big crowds…" He said wryly. "No… I guess not." Lizzy smiled hesitantly. "Ahh… Mr Darcy, you have found one of our guests." Mrs Reynolds said as she walked towards them with Maddie and Ed. Darcy looked back at her inquisitively. "Mr Darcy, this is Mrs and Mr Maddie and Ed Gardiner and their niece who you already seem to know." She said, eyebrow raised. They all shook hands. "This is a beautiful estate Mr Darcy." Ed said admiringly. "Please, call me Will, and yes I'm very fortunate to be living in such a beautiful home and grounds. Have you had a walk around the grounds yet?" He asked politely. "No, not yet but I believe we were just off, have to check in for the night you see." Ed said giving his wife a querying look. "Oh where are you staying?" He asked. "The Rose and Lamb. Just down in the town." Ed replied. "We're only booked in to stay a couple of nights and then we're off again. On the last legs of our journey." "Oh right… Well, please by all means stay longer here, in fact, stay for dinner. I'm happy to send a message down to the Inn, I'm sure they won't mind a late check in." He turned to Lizzy. "It would be a pleasure having you here and –" He was interrupted by a giant squeal. "OH MY GOD! LIZZY!" Lizzy saw a flash of blonde hair before a small body crashed into her from the side, knocking her off her feet. Lizzy grinned as she looked up at the leggy blonde on top of her. "Hi Georgie. It's good to see you too." She said laughingly, hugging her tightly. "Georgiana." Mrs Reynolds said sternly. "It is not polite to go knocking guests off their feet." "Sorry Mrs Reynolds, I couldn't help it." Georgie grinned, helping Lizzy back to her feet. "And you." She punched Will in the arm. He looked at her shocked "Hey! What did I do?" He said astonished. "You didn't tell me she was here. I had to come out all by myself and what do I find? Lizzy and her…." She looked at Ed and Maddie quizzically. "Aunt and Uncle." Lizzy whispered. "Aunt and Uncle just leaving. How could you Will?" She said, putting her hands on her hips. "I was just trying…" "Trying isn't good enough, Lizzy you're staying and your Aunt and Uncle too." "Well I was just about to accept your dinner invitation but I'm honestly happy to stay with my Aunt and Uncle at the inn Georgie, plus you and your brother seem busy enough here without me snooping around." She said. "Nonsense, please stay, come on, I haven't had a girl over in ages plus Will won't tell me what clothes look good on me, especially lingerie." Will quickly placed his hand over his sister's mouth muffling her words. "Yes, please stay. It would mean a lot… to both of us…" He said hesitantly, his eyes boring into hers. Damn it. "Okay." Lizzy said, withholding a sigh. Georgie squealed and quickly grabbed her arm, pulling Lizzy to her bedroom, words spilling out of her mouth a million times a minute. She looked back shrugging her shoulders at the others who laughed at her expense. "Mr Gardiner, have you been out by the lake? There's a lot of fish out there that have been left alone for far too long, would you care to join me?" Will asked nervously. "Of course I'd love to, love a good spot of fishing myself… If that's alright with you dear of course." He said exuberantly. Maddie rolled her eyes at him. "Oh go on then, I'll catch up a little with Cindy while we're here." Together the two women watched as the men walked off before heading inside and back into the kitchen. Despite Lizzy's quite pronounced arguing, it was arranged that she would stay with the Darcy's for a few days while her aunt and uncle would continue their journey around the area and would arrive back in 4 days to pick her up and head back to the mountain. It was Georgiana who had pleaded and pleaded with Lizzy herself for more than 2 hours before she finally gave in, besides, living with the Darcys couldn't be that difficult…. Could it? Lizzy woke up slightly disorientated. "Elizabeth! Get up woman! We only have 3 days, THREE DAYS." Georgie said in a huff as she collapsed on Lizzy's bed. "Alright, alright. Don't get your knickers in a knot." She huffed, rubbing her eyes. "I need some more sleep and your beds here are awfully comfy." Lizzy settled down back onto the bed. "Woman! Do I need to go over there and physically remove you?" "Mmmm physically remove." Lizzy murmured. "AHhh!" She yelled as she felt a pillow hit her head as Georgie jumped onto the bed and started hitting her in the face with a pillow. "Okay okay okay!" She yelled. The pillow was relentless and her eyes narrowed. Suddenly both girls were jumping up and down on the bed, feathers flying everywhere. Will had woken up and already gone on his morning ride. He had just gotten changed out of his riding gear when he walked by Elizabeth's room to hear screaming and yelling. Curious, he poked his head in to find both women jumping up and down on the bed, surrounded in fluff and feathers, whacking each other over the head with pillows. He shook his head bemused. "Women." He said under his breath. Immediately both women stopped their fighting and turned towards him, eyes narrowed. "What did you say?" Lizzy asked him, hands on hips. "Yes brother, you were saying?" His eyes widened as he turned and sprinted from the room. "Get him!" Georgiana yelled as both girls jumped off the bed and ran after him. After successfully cornering Will into submission and fluff the three ate breakfast together before Will left to attend some of his state business. Together Georgie and Lizzy spent their days wandering around the house, talking on endless topics and enjoying each other's company. Will would join them for breakfast in the morning and would seemingly reappear every time Lizzy found herself alone. Georgie didn't like the outdoors around Pemberley as much as she did, blaming her allergies and hayfever. So Lizzy would spend the afternoons and evenings wandering around the estate and it was at these times she would stumble across Will. Will talking to the gardener about his family and young children, promising to send them a gift for Christmas, Will talking to the stablehands about how he could improve the stables and working conditions, Will chopping his own firewood for the numerous fireplaces around Pemberley, Will was everywhere. No matter where she looked he was there, always helping, always accommodating. The more people she talked to around the estate, the more they told of the things young Will Darcy had done for them and their family. He would often join her on walks and together they would playfully argue over any and every topic or sometimes they would just walk in silence, enjoying each other's company. Lizzy got a kick out of wondering what argument they were going to have next and found herself starting to anticipate their meetings with excitement. They never talked about anything personal. And Lizzy knew, she knew there was something there, she could feel the palpable electricity every time they accidentally touched or his hand would grasp hers to help her over a fallen log. As soon as that last barrier was down she knew she would be in trouble and so she avoided any and all topics that were pertaining to her life or his. This way she reasoned they could still be friends, still work on the friendship that was quickly building without ever moving dangerously over the line. On the last day of her stay she had been walking by the house when he had appeared. Together they made their way to their favourite spot in the garden. Will had shown her the garden swing on her first evening and together they had sat and watched the sun set in silence. They had gone back every evening since. She sat on the bench swing and motioned for him to sit down on the other side with her. "You know, if you had asked me if I would ever had imagined myself sitting next to a crumpled shirt, old jeans wearing, relaxedish smiling Darcy on a bench swing at his house – if you could even call it that, a few months ago, I would have bet a ridiculous amount of money against it." He laughed – a real laugh. She glanced at him out of the side of her eye and smiled, his laugh was beautiful, like an infectious ball of light that instantly made everything brighter. She studied this new, relaxed Darcy, he was kind, gracious, a good boss, no one ever had anything to say against him, he clearly cared for his sister and by god he was gorgeous. Something she had refused to admit properly until now. "I would have bet against it too." He said, smiling at her. They swung together in silence, enjoying the comfortable quiet and beautiful scenery of Pemberley in all it's golden glory. They continued to sit and watch as the sun started to set over the horizon. "I used to come here, with my parents." Darcy said into the quiet. Lizzy turned to look at him, her eyes watching his with worry. "They sound like they were the greatest parents any child could've hoped for." She said in return. "They were. It was my dad that introduced me to snowboarding. I still remember the first time I made it down my first green run by myself without falling over. I felt on top of the world." He whispered. "I almost quit when they died, I couldn't bring myself to look at a board again let alone get on one." "How did you do it?" She asked him. "I'm not sure to be honest, just one day, I remember looking at the slopes from my hotel window and thinking, why not. He would have wanted me to. But it wasn't easy, I almost quit another 5 times that week but I remember thinking that I wasn't a quitter. My parents didn't raise me a quitter and I wasn't about to start now." He said. "Don't get me wrong, it was hard, some days it still is. Some days I feel guilty as hell for still being able to live my life and they're stuck in the beyond somewhere only able to watch." He looked at her then, "but then something or someone comes into my life and tells me it will be all worth it in the end." Silence greeted the two of them as they sat slowly rocking back and forth on the swing. "I was 16. My career was just taking off, there were talks of nationals, the Olympics you name it. I was there." Lizzy began, her breath quickening as she began to panic, the memories coming back. "You don't have to." Darcy said softly. Her eyes hardened and her breath steadied. "No, I do. I want to. I need to. One summer we decided to get away, the whole family. Henry…" Darcy held his breath, he had heard Richard talk about a 'Henry' once, Lizzy had felt something for him, what, he hadn't known. Lizzy took a deep breath, "Henry was my twin brother." Darcy let out a deep breath. "We were inseparable, we did everything together, my secrets were his secrets and his were mine. He looked exactly like me but male, we boarded together." Lizzy chuckled darkly, "He was the one that got me into it, I wanted to do everything that he did. No matter how dangerous or dastardly, we were in it together. That summer we decided to go rock climbing, out on the mountains, we had all the gear, we had had lessons the previous day, the other girls hadn't wanted to go with us so we went alone. We found one of the biggest rocks we could find and we went for it. Together we made it to the top and the feeling was incredible, exactly like when you make a jump or trick for the first time. We sat up there for a while, just taking in the scenery before we decided to make our way back down. We did it together, just like we did everything." Lizzy shook her head, reaching to grasp the locket at her neck. "We were foolish, foolish and young. We started to race each other down and as we moved quicker and quicker, one of the hooks must have slipped or the rope broke, I still don't remember but all of a sudden I was falling and Henry had let go of his rope purposefully next to me, catching me and holding me close and we fell together. He broke my fall." Lizzy whispered, tears streaming down her cheeks. "I remember the pain, so much pain, he was next to me, he was so pale…" She said, her eyes lost in the memory. "He told me I was going to make it, he… he told me to stay strong, get back up and follow my dreams. He died that night. By the time help came my voice was hoarse from screaming and he… Henry was dead." The silence stretched between them. "I don't remember much about the months after that, when I came to again, I was in hospital, strapped to multiple machines, multiple broken bones, bruises, but nothing, nothing came close to knowing that Henry was gone. My sisters – some were too young to understand at the time but Jane did, she comforted me, my dad he held me close but my mother… She blamed me for his death, she still does, and I haven't ever forgiven myself for it. It took me a few years to get back up on my feet and start boarding again but that fear, that fear of falling, the fear of having no control, I don't go on any of the lifts that go too high above the ground, I can't go off the big jumps for fear of falling." She said sadly, "I just can't do it… No matter how hard I try…" She unclasped the necklace from her neck and opened the locket for him to see. "He gave this to me, before he died, I haven't taken it off since, it's the only thing I have left." She said, smiling sadly at the photograph of them in the locket, her tears dripping down her face. "Oh Elizabeth," Darcy breathed, he opened his arms and she fell into him, those two words the only ones she needed to hear before the flood waters broke and her tears came in full force. He held her tight, murmuring into her hair as she cried her heart out. She was still sniffling a few minutes later and looked up towards him apologetically, "I'm sorry. I've gotten your jumper all wet and gross." She whispered. "I'll get a new one." He said simply. "I… I'd do anything for you." He said, staring into her eyes. Elizabeth could feel herself getting drawn into the deep dark depths of his eyes. It was like the gravitational pull towards the sun, the Earth couldn't stop itself, even if it tried and she couldn't stop as she felt herself lean in towards him. His eyes settled on her lips as he moved his head down to capture her sweetness. Elizabeth could feel his breath on hers and the alarm bells started to ring. Rich. Richard. Her boyfriend. She couldn't do this and neither could he. Her hand came up as she placed it flat on his chest. "Don't." She whispered, her voice breaking. "We can't." "Please." He whispered back, the longing and desperation clear in his voice. "No." She said, her voice firmer now as she pushed herself off of his chest, looking away. He stood up suddenly, almost causing her to fall off the swing. "FUCCCCKKKK." He yelled in rage. He let out a scream of frustration and crouched down on the ground in front of her. "Go, please go." He whispered. "I can't take it anymore." Her heart broke. "But Will –" She started, he interrupted her. "No, you're right. We can't." He looked up at her and she shuddered, his mask of indifference had set back in. She stood up and started walking. After a moment he followed her back to the house. Elizabeth's night was restless, she couldn't get a single ounce of sleep as her mind tried to process what was happening. She loved Rich? Right? Or was it Will that she was falling for? She cared for both men but could she physically love both? Her thoughts were treacherous in themselves. It was tearing her apart. She had to leave. She couldn't be here. Where everything reminded her of him. Elizabeth got out of bed and called a taxi before moving around her room quietly, pulling her clothes and toiletries out of their cupboards, shoving them all into the bag that lay on the bed. After she double and triple checked her room for anything she might have left, she gave up reasoning that Georgie would get it back to her if she did leave anything. Picking up the bag, she crept down the silent halls that were Pemberley and made her way to the front foyer. Elizabeth opened the door and shut it quietly, the taxi lights were visible in the distance and she ran. Ran as fast as she could, her hair streaming out behind her into the night. She turned to look back at the imposing mansion that was Pemberley as she opened the door of the taxi. There was a single candle burning in one of the windows and she knew it was him. Goodbye she mouthed and turned away into the taxi. "The Rose and Lamb please," she said breathlessly as she sent Aunt Maddie a quick text telling her she was on her way. Will hadn't been able to sleep, the thoughts, devilish thoughts, of Elizabeth kept running through his head. So close. So close. But they couldn't. She was right. Rich had gotten there first. Damn his ability to talk to anybody and everybody. Why couldn't he have inherited any of that jovial manner? If he had maybe she would have been his. But she wasn't. He couldn't see her anymore. It was too hard. It hurt too much. He got up to look out the window and rubbed his eyes, doing a double take before discerning that it was Elizabeth. She had a packed bag in her hand, her auburn hair streaming out behind her. He watched as she stopped by the door of the taxi to look back at Pemberley. He knew she could feel him watching her, he held his breath as he watched her eyes try to search in the darkness for him. She mouthed something to him and he knew what it was instantly. Will put his hand up on the cold glass of the window and whispered back, "Goodbye." Intense I know, As always, don't forget to R&R! xx
