Fitzwilliam Darcy walked confidently into the London ballroom and surveyed the gathered ladies and gentleman. This was the Season, he had decided, when he must choose a wife. He need not be betrothed by the end of the night, but such a large party provided an excellent opportunity to make a beginning. Darcy had always accepted that he would choose a bride based primarily on her connections and suitability for the position of mistress of Pemberley, sister to his sister and mother to his children. He would choose a woman for whom he felt at least some friendship, but love was not a necessary component. Still, he had for years half-consciously cherished the flicker of hope that he might find a wife he could love, and who could love him. As he made his way to the refreshment tables, he felt a bit grim, as though he were marching into a desperate battle. His perfectly tailored clothing and noble bearing were his uniform and his wealth and position his weapons. With these things at his disposal, he should have no difficulty finding any number of women happy to accept him, perhaps even a few who were amiable. Still, he did not relish the task, and he was not precisely sure why he was so ambivalent. Darcy appreciated a pretty face and an elegant figure as much as the next man, but he felt no anticipation for the chase. At least the ladies here would be more accomplished and offer more refined conversation than what he had found in the wilds of Hertfordshire last autumn. That was something to look forward to. His thoughts were interrupted by one of these very ladies, who had appeared at his side, ostensibly to procure a cup of punch. "Mr. Darcy, how lovely to see you," the young woman said, curtsying. Darcy bowed and returned her greeting. "It is likewise a pleasure to see you again, Miss Hetherston." His purpose still firmly in mind, Darcy briefly considered whether Miss Hetherston might be considered a candidate. She was a pretty girl, about twenty, fairly intelligent, with a good fortune and noble blood. He had only a superficial knowledge of her character, but he knew no harm of her, so he resolved to observe her in order to learn more. "Have you been in London long?" "Since just after Christmas, Mr. Darcy," she answered. "My family spent the holiday with my uncle in the country. He is the Earl of Rountree, as you may recall. I visit several times a year, but I still cannot help but marvel at the majesty and prestige of that great estate. I imagine you can understand that, sir, being the owner yourself of such a magnificent estate. Pemberley! Although I have never seen it myself, I have often heard it spoken of as one of the most beautiful in England." Miss Hetherston fluttered her eyelashes at Darcy. "I am indeed, proud of Pemberley," he acknowledged, "although I cannot take credit for all of its beauties." "And how is your dear sister, Georgiana? Shall she be making her debut soon?" Darcy felt a prick of annoyance that Miss Hetherston should refer to his sister, whom she had never met, by her Christian name. "Miss Darcy is very well, but I believe it may be another year before she makes her bow. She is still quite young and I do not wish to bring her out before she is ready." "Oh, tush, Mr. Darcy! Girls younger than Georgiana have been presented at court. Do not worry so about her tender feelings. Within a week of her debut, she will thank you for it, I promise. She will be surrounded by beaux and you will not be troubled much longer with the care of your sister." The young lady sent him a saucy smile. "I cannot agree with you, Miss Hetherston," Darcy said icily. "I do care very much about Miss Darcy's tender feelings. Her health and comfort are, in fact, the most important things in the world to me, so you will excuse me if I do not take your advice. I bid you good evening." He bowed and abruptly left her. As he walked away Darcy almost immediately regretted his curtness. Miss Hetherston had removed herself from his list of eligible young ladies by her speech about Georgiana, but if he had disagreed with her more tactfully or simply changed the subject perhaps she might have introduced him to a few of her friends. As it was, he would have to make his own way into the crowd. Quarrelling with the first woman he spoke to was clearly not the best way to begin the evening. Still, there must certainly be other eligible ladies who would not speak so unfeelingly about Georgiana. Surely a lady must be present who would value, love, and respect his dear sister. It was only a matter of finding her. The large room was crowded, and the task of sifting through the many guests in search of a bride might have been daunting, but Darcy had made his resolution and intended to carry it out. He was not long alone, for the ladies were soon upon him. Darcy's fine figure and fastidious attention to dress were nearly as effective as his wealth at drawing a crowd of female admirers. Young ladies wished to capture his attention for themselves, matrons schemed on behalf of their daughters, and some married ladies even wanted him in their beds. Fortunately for Darcy's purpose, the former were the first to cross his path as he made his way across the room. Deep in thought and only vaguely aware of his surroundings, he nearly collided with a young lady who stood with a small knot of her friends, almost all of whom were known to Darcy. "I beg your pardon, Miss Mosely," he said, bowing to the petite blonde he had nearly knocked over. "I fear in my haste I did not look where I was going." "In your haste, Mr. Darcy?" Miss Mosely answered. "Where can you have been going so quickly?" "Nowhere in particular," he answered with a self-deprecating smile. "But my mind was elsewhere and I have a deplorable habit of hurrying everywhere I go." Darcy turned and acknowledged Miss Mosely's friends with an elegant bow. "Ladies." The ladies all curtsied in return and a very ordinary conversation began. Once Darcy had been introduced to the two ladies who were unknown to him, he paid little attention to what was actually said as he surveyed his fair companions. They were competing for his notice, so little actual speech was required of him as he perused the faces and figures, linking each in his mind with what he knew about her fortune and connections. One by one he added every young lady in the group to the list from which he had a few minutes ago removed Miss Hetherston. Miss Mosely he nearly dismissed for her extreme youth - she had been at school with Georgiana - but in the end he decided that she might do as well as any other. Girls of sixteen did marry men much older than he, after all. She was rather a sweet girl, which was more than could be said for at least half of the ton. His initial appraisal complete, Darcy returned his attention to the conversation taking place, just in time to be addressed by Lady Charlotte Farnlow. "Mr. Darcy, I understand from Miss Caroline Bingley that you were a few months in Hertfordshire last autumn. How did you find the country?" she asked. "Yes, I was indeed in Hertfordshire for several months with Charles Bingley and his family. I found the countryside quite charming, but I am afraid the society left much to be desired." Lady Charlotte laughed. "So Miss Bingley said! You must tell us all, Mr. Darcy. What dreadful people and things did you see in Hertfordshire?" Darcy hesitated for a moment, as images of his time in the country flashed through his mind. He knew that a relation of the antics of the Bennet family alone could provide ample amusement for his pretty companions, and indeed that family figured in almost every instance of the worst behavior he had been exposed to in Hertfordshire. The two eldest Miss Bennets, however, he could not include in his reproaches. In spite of the pains he had taken to separate Bingley from Miss Jane Bennet, he knew she was a perfectly well-behaved young woman. As for Miss Elizabeth, although her behavior towards himself had sometimes puzzled Darcy, she was genteel, amiable, and warm-hearted. He could find nothing to censure in the conduct of either. It seemed improbable that two such unexceptionable young ladies should be the daughter of such a harridan as Mrs. Bennet, but so it was. "It was quite an experience, I assure you," Darcy said, determined to tread carefully. "I was acquainted with a family whose many daughters, all unmarried, behaved in rather a vulgar manner, caring for nothing but dancing and chasing after officers of the local militia." "Oh dear," tittered Miss Olivia Wilton. "And was not their mother or their governess able to check their wild behavior?" "Unfortunately, Miss Wilton, it seems the youngest daughters' impropriety reflected that of the mother, who had never engaged a governess for any of her daughters, the youngest of whom is out in society, such as it is, at the age of fifteen." "How dreadful!" exclaimed Lady Charlotte. "Your account matches perfectly with Miss Bingley's. I did think perhaps she had exaggerated the matter, but it appears not, for I know you never exaggerate, Mr. Darcy." "I know not what Miss Bingley has told you," Darcy said, "but it is quite true that she was not at all pleased with society in Hertfordshire. To her credit, she played the gracious hostess when Bingley held a ball at Netherfield. It was well attended and enjoyed by all, but not all of Miss Bingley's guests repaid her courtesy by behaving with decorum." "You must tell us of the ball as well, Mr. Darcy," Lady Charlotte said. "Miss Bingley told me that she wished to forget the ball had ever happened, and will not speak in specifics. Surely you do not feel such hesitation to talk to of it?" she hinted. "There is not much to tell," Darcy hedged. He was a little surprised that Miss Bingley had refrained from her favorite pastime - disparaging the characters of her Hertfordshire neighbors. Perhaps she wished to avoid any possible mention of Jane Bennet. Lady Charlotte raised an eyebrow. "Come, Mr. Darcy," she said. "You must tell your friends here about the Netherfield ball. In detail, if you please, or I shall know you are hiding something." -#-#-#-#-#- Darcy breathed a sigh of relief when he had finally extricated himself from the crowd of ladies clamoring for stories of the horrors of Hertfordshire without resorting to the sort of cruel derision that Caroline Bingley often employed. While Lady Charlotte had plainly been disappointed by his restraint, he had managed to leave the conversation without giving a hint of the Bennet family's identity. They did not move in the same circles as Lady Charlotte and the rest, but Darcy would consider it highly dishonorable to speak ill of the family by name regardless of his company. He hoped that his story had been convincing. He had talked in general terms of the swarm of redcoats, the unladylike manners of some of the young girls, the lack of good conversation, and the impertinence of the strange, though unnamed, clergyman who had accosted him that night. Lady Charlotte perhaps had some suspicion that there was more to the story, but there was nothing he could do about that. He had nothing more to say on the subject and she would soon find something new to gossip about. Darcy had to admit that the conversation he had just escaped was not at all superior to many he had overheard in Hertfordshire, in spite of his expectations of refinement. The London ladies spoke in more sophisticated tones, but the topics of conversation were the same. Well, perhaps it was due to the setting. Even Miss Elizabeth Bennet had said that she could never speak of books in a ballroom, and he knew her to be quite as intelligent as she was lovely. He scanned the room, looking for a lady as handsome as Miss Elizabeth, but each was discounted. Her gown at the Netherfield ball was nothing, of course, in comparison to the finery here, but she had a prettier face than any he could see. In his perambulations, Darcy reached the terrace door and stepped outside, where it was quite a bit cooler. The terrace was quite large, and a number of other guests had come in search of relief from the overheated ballroom. Small groups of ladies and gentlemen stood talking in the dim light cast from the house, while movement in the shadows told him that others less respectably engaged were barely out of sight. In the dim light his eyes continued to seek the like of Elizabeth Bennet. It was hard to distinguish anyone's features in the murky evening, but he looked anyway. Suddenly he was brought up short in his walk when he caught sight of Elizabeth Bennet herself, in conversation with three or four ladies by the railing. What could she be doing here? Darcy stood still, flustered by her unexpected presence and undecided as to where his next step would take him. He knew he should turn back and return to the ballroom. He admired Elizabeth a great deal, but had no intention of pursuing her, for many reasons. Approaching her would only assure the continuance of their acquaintance, which would in turn make it more difficult to shake off his infatuation. He was planning to marry some well-connected lady or other soon, wasn't he? On the other hand, it had been over a month since the Netherfield ball and the idea of looking at her, of speaking with her again was a very great temptation. He could hardly bear to turn away, although he thought himself a fool for having so little control over his own thoughts. In the end, Darcy chose neither option, staying on the terrace but moving away from the group of ladies. He stationed himself much farther down the railing and stared out into the darkened garden, trying to contain his agitation. He strained to hear some trace of her voice, her laugh, but he was too far from the group to catch any hint of her. After some struggle, Darcy glanced surreptitiously in her direction, only to see that a handsome young man had joined the group and was paying special attention to Elizabeth. After a few moments' conversation, she took the gentleman's arm and they walked inside. Darcy found himself unable to keep from following the couple at a short distance, wondering who the lucky man was. As the darkness melted away, however, Darcy could see that he had been mistaken. The lady was not Elizabeth Bennet, nor did she resemble her in much aside of height and hair color. He stopped following the couple and stood at the edge of the ballroom, thinking himself a fool and conscious of a feeling of great disappointment. He had wandered about in search of Elizabeth's like and in the dim light of the terrace he had grasped at the slightest resemblance and his imagination had filled in the rest. Darcy's peace for the evening was destroyed. His agitation was beginning to subside, but his heart still pounded and his neckcloth felt much too tight. He had believed that thoughts of Miss Elizabeth had been put behind him once he had begun carrying out his plans to urge Bingley away from Miss Jane, but it seemed that they had only been pushed to the side temporarily, appearing almost out of nowhere and taking him completely by surprise. Darcy inwardly cursed his own lack of self control. In spite of Elizabeth's many attractions, her situation in life made it impossible for him to pursue her, but he had not yet been able to forget her. He needed to cure himself of this imprudent fascination so he could concentrate on finding a wife. It would not do for his eyes to be constantly darting about the ballrooms and parlors of London in search of a woman who he knew was not there. Elizabeth was miles away in Hertfordshire, living her country life. Darcy wondered if she ever thought of him. As a gentleman, he hoped she did not, since he had no wish to have raised any vain hopes. As a man, however, he would have liked to know that she had admired him as much as he did her. He did not know what she thought or felt about him, though, and his mind told him that was best. He must make every effort to put Elizabeth Bennet out of his head for good.
I like to think of Darcy as an affectionate brother, and that the shy Georgiana opens up a bit under his care. She looks up to her brother, but she also is not afraid to tease him a little. I hope you enjoy this installment! ##### The next day found Darcy in his study, buried under correspondence, ledgers, and books. After his pursuit of the shade of Elizabeth Bennet through a London ballroom the previous night, he had awakened still a bit perturbed, but no less determined to keep to his course. He had dressed, breakfasted with Georgiana, and plunged into his work, hopeful that it would distract him from thoughts of Elizabeth. There was much to do, and his wish seemed granted. He had been back in London over a month, but had not yet taken care of every item of business that had arisen during his stay at Netherfield. His steward knew where to forward the most urgent concerns, but there was still a great deal awaiting him in London when he returned last November, and he had been so much engaged with Georgiana and the Bingleys that he had neglected much of the business. The familiarity of these tasks, and the mental exertions they required, soon restored to him his usual composure. Thus occupied, Darcy was surprised when a servant came to his study to tell him that dinner would be served in an hour. He had taken tea hurriedly at some point in the day, but was surprised to find it so late. He put his signature to the letter he had just finished writing and went to dress for dinner, feeling satisfied with the day's work. He had not had time for any fanciful musings about Elizabeth Bennet, and even now he could think of her calmly. With the right amount of activity, Darcy felt sure that he would soon be able to think of her as no more than a pleasant girl he had once met in the country. She would be supplanted by another, and surpassed by the future Mrs. Darcy, whoever she might be. As he made himself presentable for dinner with Georgiana, Darcy's expression grew grave as he thought over this next problem. He felt confident that he could soon forget Elizabeth, but he now feared that his search for a wife might be more difficult than he had anticipated. There was no shortage of women who would accept a proposal from him, but he didn't feel certain he would find the right woman easily. He would be entrusting his future wife with a great deal that he held dear - Georgiana, Pemberley, any children they might have - so he could not in good conscience simply choose a pretty face and be done with it. No, although his marriage might not be a love match, duty required that he be careful in his choice, and last night's ballroom conversations had reminded him that there were some ladies of good birth and fortune who possessed very little kindness or sincerity. He would not inflict such a sister on Georgiana. Darcy arrived in the dining room at the appointed hour and set about the business of making himself agreeable. "And what have you been about today, Georgiana?" he asked. "I have spent most of the day in the music room, brother," Georgiana answered. "Your gifts at Christmas have given me a great deal to practice." "I hope I do not hear a complaint in your tone. I would be sorry to hear that you did not like my gifts!" he teased. Georgiana laughed. "You know I would never complain of that! If I did not like to play I might suspect you had given me music just to vex me, but that is not at all the case, as you are well aware." "And may I hear you play after dinner tonight?" "If you wish. No one is expected tonight, I believe? And Mr. Bingley is out tonight?" Georgiana looked at him nervously. "Yes, my girl, you have only your brother for company this evening. But you will someday play for a larger audience, you know. You need not be anxious, for your playing and singing are always so beautiful." He smiled at his sister. "So you say, but you are a partial observer, brother," she answered, looking troubled. "I do not feel so certain of others. I cannot see so much sincerity in the world as I see in you, Fitzwilliam. And I fear I am easily misled." Her voice had sunk to a whisper, and she looked down at her hands, which were now clasped in her lap. As Darcy took his sister's hand and spoke to her comfortingly, he felt a surge of anger at the absent George Wickham, whom he knew to be the cause of Georgiana's fears. He had deceived her with pretty words and gentle manners, talking her into an elopement, which Darcy arrived only just in time to prevent. It immediately became clear to Georgiana that Wickham had pursued her for her fortune only and she was crushed. The revelation of his true character had gone a long way to healing her heartache, but Georgiana now found that she trusted almost no one. Wickham had always been kind to her, since she was a child, and his professions of affection at Ramsgate had naturally seemed sincere to her. She had not the slightest apprehension that his emotions were feigned, and had been completely taken in. She now shrunk from kindness from almost anyone, not trusting her own judgment to tell her who might mislead or deceive her. Darcy had begun to fear that Georgiana would bear the scars of Wickham's treachery permanently when she met her new governess and would barely speak to her. He could hardly blame her, as Mrs. Annesley's predecessor had been Wickham's accessory. Thankfully, Mrs. Annesley had at last broken through Georgiana's reserve and earned her trust. Darcy now felt certain that Georgiana would fully recover, but she still was not herself. "I am sorry to be so foolish, brother," Georgiana said. "If you say it, it must be so, and I will try to believe it." "Don't apologize, dear. I know it has been difficult for you of late. In time you will feel better. We needn't talk of it right now. I only wish for your happiness and comfort, Georgiana." She looked up and smiled. "Yes, you are so good to me, Fitzwilliam. That I will never doubt. But what have you been doing today? I did not catch one glimpse of you from breakfast to dinner!" "I was busy in my study, employed with all manner of business concerns. There was so much to be done after I neglected my affairs spending time in the country last autumn with the Bingleys. But the work was refreshing, as it kept me distracted from...other troubles." Darcy could have kicked himself. He had not intended to discuss Hertfordshire, or any of his problems for that matter, with Georgiana. A crease appeared on Georgiana's brow. "Troubles, brother? What troubles you?" "Nothing of significance, dear," he said, casting about for some explanation that would satisfy her curiosity. "I have lately been thinking over some events that occurred in Hertfordshire. I am afraid Mr. Bingley may have lost his heart to a local girl. He bears it well, but he is a little cast down." "Oh, poor Mr. Bingley! But what has happened? Has the lady rejected his proposal?" "No proposal was made. The affair did not progress that far, thankfully for Bingley. It would have been quite an unsuitable match, and the lady did not love him." "She was a fortune-hunter, then," Georgiana said flatly, an expression of grim understanding on her face. "I hope he will recover soon and find a more worthy lady. There is nothing lower than that sort of deceit. She would have made his life miserable. Mr. Bingley is well rid of her." Darcy knew he could have let things go here, but he did not feel quite comfortable allowing Georgiana to think so ill of Jane Bennet, though a stranger to her. He felt no scruple in describing the match as completely unsuitable, but Miss Bennet could never be fairly described as low and deceitful. "I do not say that she was a fortune hunter, dear, although it is true that her dowry is insignificant. She seemed a most unaffected and modest young lady. Not worthy of Bingley perhaps, but I would not call her unworthy in a general sense. I am sure she will make some other gentleman a good wife, and likely sooner than later, as she is quite a handsome girl." "I don't understand. How is the lady so unsuitable? She sounds to be quite lovely from your description, and a lack of fortune could not be a very great impediment to Mr. Bingley." Darcy was becoming uncomfortable with the conversation. He had been feeling so confident of his ability to get over Hertfordshire, but he was back in the thick of those concerns again. "It is her family, Georgiana. Her father is a gentleman, but her mother is a most vulgar woman. It is she who was hunting Bingley's fortune in the most offensive fashion. She spoke very plainly to everyone she could of her expectation of their engagement and her anticipation of Bingley's finding rich husbands for her four younger daughters." "Oh, dear," Georgiana said. "How dreadful. But did the mother not fix her attention on you as well, for one of her other daughters?" Georgiana gave him a teasing smile. "Tell me, brother, which of the young ladies did you prefer? Or were all of the sisters as vulgar as their mother?" Darcy cleared his throat and resisted the urge to tug at his neckcloth, which once again felt too tight. Mrs. Bennet most certainly had not pursued Darcy for one of her daughters, but Georgiana was still approaching truths that he would rather not share. "Not all of the sisters, dear. The two eldest are unexceptionable young ladies, quite unlike their mother, but the other three have been allowed to run wild and I fear will come to evil by their imprudent behavior and manners." "But the two eldest you do not include in this condemnation. What of the second daughter? Unexceptionable, you say, but I suppose she may not have been very pretty. Perhaps all the beauty in the family was in the eldest?" Georgiana looked at him curiously. "Not pretty? No, Georgiana, I would not say that at all. I did not think her handsome when I first saw her, but after I knew her a little I changed my opinion." Darcy could not help smiling a little as his mind wandered to thoughts of Elizabeth in the drawing room at Netherfield, holding her own against the imperious Caroline Bingley. Although her presence and her verbal challenges had been disconcerting at the time, the memories were pleasant, amusing even. "She has a different sort of beauty than her sister, but all the same she is quite pretty. There is something about her smile, and her very fine eyes...I can't do justice to her by description. But it makes one smile to look at her." Georgiana covered her mouth with one hand and tried, without success, to stifle her giggles. "Fitzwilliam, are you sure it is only Mr. Bingley who has left his heart in Hertfordshire?" "What?" Darcy started, then colored, returning from his reverie. "Of course it is! You must not mistake my admiration for love, Georgiana. And even had I fallen prey to that tender emotion, the lady is just as unsuitable as her sister, and even more in my case than in Bingley's. For I have you to protect, my dear, and to connect myself to such a family would subject you to the grossest impertinence and ill bred behavior you ever saw. I would not wish that for you or for Pemberley." He realized as he spoke that he had been saying these things to himself all day. Elizabeth's situation in life must argue against her every attraction. "I am sorry for her, then, and for her sister," Georgiana said, regarding her brother thoughtfully. "Their prospects are not determined by their own merit." "I am sorry, too," Darcy said gravely. "But it is the way of the world, Georgiana." "You are right, I'm sure. And I am sorry for Mr. Bingley, too, for his disappointed hopes." "Yes, I am afraid he was so smitten he did not see that she showed no signs of love. It was obvious to Bingley's sisters and to me that she was pleased with his attention, but not at all in love with him." "But surely in time her pleasure in his company might have grown into love. It is a shame that nothing could come of it. Do you think he will return to Hertfordshire?" "I do not think so. Not anytime soon, at least. He is much engaged here, as you know, and will not likely have the opportunity to visit Netherfield again soon." Darcy noticed Georgiana's troubled look and tried to shake off his gravity. "Come, dear, you mustn't think on this any further. Mr. Bingley will manage his affairs very well without our help," he said with a smile. "Yes, of course," Georgiana said absently, still apparently pondering the problem. "In time he will recover his spirits," she said, more to herself than to Darcy. Then she looked at her brother. "And you mustn't think further on it, either. Why should you be troubled over it and then tell me I must not worry?" Darcy took a deep breath, searching for an answer, but Georgiana interrupted him. "Never mind, Fitzwilliam. I think I may safely guess, and relieve you of the trouble of coming up with an answer. You need not speak of it if you do not wish to." She smiled sweetly and did him the favor of changing the subject. "What shall I play for you tonight, Fitzwilliam?" Darcy sighed inwardly with relief. Georgiana was really far more perceptive than he had realized. To be continued...
Darcy settled into the carriage that was taking him into the next season of his busy year. Col. Fitzwilliam, sitting opposite him, was already beginning to doze as they made their way slowly through London. He would wake in an hour or so, no doubt, but for now Darcy was glad to be alone with his thoughts. He reviewed the last few months in his mind, frankly glad to be putting one disastrous failure behind him and moving on. In spite of his repeated resolutions to the contrary, he had not been able to banish Elizabeth Bennet from his thoughts, or even prevent her silhouette from flitting about the shadows of the finest ballrooms, salons, and dining rooms in London. It happened just infrequently enough that Darcy would momentarily believe that this time it really was Elizabeth, only to discover that his mind had been playing tricks on him again. Worse yet were the dreams. He could tell himself that this or that lady really did wear her hair just as Elizabeth did, or laugh just as she did, so it made some sense that he should be reminded of her, but the dreams he knew were of his own making. He dreamed of her everywhere - back in Hertfordshire, here in London, even at Pemberley - and in all manner of situations, some more innocent than others. There was no escaping these dreams, for in the dreams he never desired escape. The Elizabeth of his dreams seemed sometimes to intentionally provoke him with her impertinence, as she always had in life, and at other times was openly affectionate, but his dream self seemed content in her presence regardless of her behavior. And every time Darcy awoke from another such dream, he set his will once more against allowing her invasion of his mind to continue. At times it seemed a hopeless cause, but Darcy was nothing if not steadfast in his purpose. He was on his way to Kent now, for his annual visit to Lady Catherine at Rosings. He and Fitzwilliam had visited their aunt every spring at Rosings for as long as he could remember, and Darcy hoped that the sparse social activities available in the neighborhood would provide fewer opportunities for shades of Elizabeth to trespass on his waking life, though he had little expectation that a change of neighborhood would have any effect on his dreams. He almost laughed at the thought of her in his aunt's drawing room - Elizabeth at Rosings seemed more ridiculous an idea than all the unlikely places he had seen her in London - but he held his silence. It would not do to wake his cousin and have to explain his laughter. Darcy had abandoned the unexpectedly exhausting search for a bride for the time being. He didn't know how he would accomplish it, but he was still determined to shed his foolish infatuation with Elizabeth Bennet. He could at least reflect with some satisfaction on one aspect of the past several months. Georgiana's mood seemed to be improving at last. Mrs. Annesley continued to prove herself a kind and compassionate woman, who nonetheless kept her young charge busy enough with study and practice that she had little time for despair and self-recrimination. And since Darcy allowed her to attend a few concerts and small social gatherings, Georgiana had made a few new friends. She was not yet completely herself, but her heart was healing and her spirit was returning. Darcy would miss his sister while he was in Kent, but knowing she was under the care and protection of Mrs. Annesley, he felt it safe to leave her for this visit to Rosings. He was a man of independent character and means, but Lady Catherine's annual summons were not to be ignored lightly. Unfortunately, Lady Catherine would no doubt continue hinting not very subtly that he should marry Anne. Neither he nor Anne had any such inclination, but that seemed to make no difference to his aunt. Darcy sighed heavily. "That was quite a sigh, Darcy. What ails you? Missing London already?" Fitzwilliam's voice surprised Darcy. He had not noticed that his cousin had awakened. "Ah, you're awake at last." "At last?" Fitzwilliam looked at his watch. "I've hardly slept an hour! Just because you prefer to be up and about by the time the sun rises doesn't mean the rest of us must keep up with you." "Perhaps not. I ought to be surprised you're awake so early. Fitzwilliam conscious before noon? A miracle!" Darcy smirked at his cousin. "I blame the damned carriage," Fitzwilliam said, refusing to rise to the bait. "Even I can't sleep long on the bumpy road to Rosings. And with that blasted sighing of yours, Darcy, it's a wonder I slept at all. Come, tell your cousin all about it. Who is she?" Darcy snorted, keeping his expression impassive. "I don't know what you're talking about." "The typical response of a man in denial," Fitzwilliam said, waving away his cousin's words. He smiled slyly, his sharp eyes assessing Darcy. "I hear you've been seen stalking about the ballrooms of town more than usual this season, but there's been nary a whisper of which lady's company you prefer. Perhaps you're pining from afar? But who is unattainable to the rich and handsome Fitzwilliam Darcy of Pemberley?" "Don't be ridiculous Fitzwilliam," Darcy said, trying to discourage his cousin's teasing by frowning darkly at him. "There is no lady. I do not pine, nor do I stalk about ballrooms, for that matter." Fitzwilliam laughed out loud now. "You certainly do stalk, and I'll wager you pine as well, or at least you will someday. I know you well, Darcy. You're a practical man, but a romantic at heart. Now don't draw those brows together as though you could frighten me into meekness. I'm immune to that look of yours, for I've seen far worse. Don't forget I'm a soldier!" Darcy's glower softened slightly. "I know better than to expect meekness from you, Fitzwilliam," he said. "You're an impudent rascal." Fitzwilliam sighed in mock resignation. "I'm afraid you're right, but what can be done? I can't help being an impudent rascal, any more than you can deny your sentimental nature." Darcy was provoked by how much his cousin was enjoying the conversation. There must be a way to stop this foolishness. "Well, if you'd like to see a man who can't hide his romantic nature, I could introduce you to a friend of mine whom I've seen in love more times than I can count." Fitzwilliam recognized Darcy's attempt at misdirection and decided to let him have his way this time. He would find out the truth in good time. "Is that so? Charming with the ladies?" "Yes, and they charm him as well. I think he has recently had his heart broken, but he will recover." Fitzwilliam looked thoughtful. "Hearts do have a way of healing themselves. What happened?" "The lady did not love him," Darcy said. Fitzwilliam winced. "I am glad I have never had to experience having my proposal of marriage rejected." "Fortunately for my friend, it did not go as far as that. She did not love him, but they parted before he could make a fool of himself. His sisters and I felt it best that they not see one another again and among us were able to effect a separation." Fitzwilliam shrugged. "Well, I suppose he will just have to start again with someone else until he finds a lady who will accept him." He grinned. "A lady who is worth a little foolishness." "A lady worth a little foolishness," Darcy mused. "That is an interesting way to put it, Fitzwilliam, but perhaps accurate all the same." "Especially for one with romantic notions." Darcy raised an eyebrow at his cousin and said nothing. After a few moments of silence, he picked up a newspaper and began to read, effectively ending the conversation. Fitzwilliam sat back and folded his arms across his chest, looking very amused. He had to admit he was perversely entertained by pestering and vexing his cousin. No one else was quite as good at provoking Darcy as Col. Edward Fitzwilliam.
Darcy stalked down the hall and let himself out of the front door of Hunsford Parsonage before the servant had a chance to do it for him. He gritted his teeth to control his anger as he turned his steps back toward Rosings. He did not wish to return, not yet, so when he reached the woods of Rosings Park he struck out on a path that did not lead directly to the house. Elizabeth's biting words rang in his ears as he walked, one accusation on top of the other. His mind was filled with a cacophany of her. Darcy shook his head to try to clear it. After a few minutes the clamor began to die down and just one voice echoed in his mind. "You could not have made me the offer of your hand in any way that would have tempted me to accept it." How could that be? Had he not made it clear that he admired her, loved her? She had certainly seemed to encourage his pursuit of her, but even if she did not actually love him, did she think nothing of the advantages he offered? As Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy she would want for nothing, her family would be protected in the event of Mr. Bennet's death, should any of her sisters find themselves still unmarried, and her social status would improve considerably. To give up all of this, she must be completely foolish or she must dislike him intensely. Darcy discounted the former immediately. Elizabeth Bennet was no fool. That left him with the unpalatable truth that he had completely misjudged her attitude toward him. She had not meant to encourage him, but rather believed him to be entirely heartless and uncaring. Rosings came into view now, but Darcy turned and walked in another direction. He could not return until he was able to calm his anger, confusion, and mortification. He would have to sit in the drawing room, perhaps play at cards, and listen to his aunt expound on one subject or another. Her style of conversation would not require him to speak very often, but if he was not careful Fitzwilliam would notice that he was brooding. How did it all happen? Darcy wondered. It was not so very long ago that he was in London, starting each day with the determination to forget her, but seeing her at Rosings and at Hunsford had put an end to those thoughts. He could not stay away from her and after debating with himself for weeks, he had decided he must have her, and to the devil with the consequences. He would find a way to shield Georgiana from the Bennet family, but Elizabeth herself would surely be the best sister Georgiana could wish for. Elizabeth had an indescribable, almost magical, way of making someone comfortable in conversation. In his mind's eye, he could see her meeting his sister for the first time. Georgiana would be shy, though polite, and Elizabeth would draw her out gently. He had watched her in Hertfordshire and seen her kindness and patience. Those beautiful eyes could flash in anger and her tongue could be sharp and impertinent, but he had no doubt of the goodness of her heart. Darcy sighed, then set his jaw. It would be difficult to get over a woman like Elizabeth, for even in his anger, his estimation of her worth was unaffected. He would certainly stop loving her someday, but how long would it take? He had never suffered something like this before, had never been in love. It was most definitely just as dreadful as all of the poets described it. Poetry would have been the best way to communicate his feelings when he saw Elizabeth for the first time at Hunsford. He and Fitzwilliam had gone together to pay a call on the ladies at the parsonage shortly after they arrived at Rosings. Darcy had been jarred by Lady Catherine's announcement that Elizabeth, his Elizabeth, was staying just across a lane from Rosings Park, but before the visit was made he was still determined to fight his attraction to her. However, once he stepped into the parlor with his cousin, the battle was lost. Darcy had seen an imaginary Elizabeth all over London and in his dreams, but nothing could come close to the reality of her, standing before him in the flesh, her dark eyes drawing him in and swallowing him up. He loved her. His mind still protested with a list of all of the reasons she would be an unsuitable bride, but those thoughts could only delay the inevitable. Darcy felt calmer now, although he suspected it would be quite some time before he regained his accustomed equilibrium. He struck out on a path for Rosings, preparing himself to face the gathering in his aunt's drawing room. It was a grim prospect, but he had already raised Fitzwilliam's suspicions by leaving so suddenly after Lady Catherine's guests arrived. If he retreated to his room now, his cousin would know there was something serious afoot, and in his current state Darcy doubted he would be capable of warding off the determined interrogation to which he was sure to be subjected. He was surprised he had been able to hold him off for as long as he had, although he had a vague suspicion that his cousin had observed much more than Darcy would wish. Fitzwilliam was like a brother to him, but Darcy was a private man and had no desire to reveal his personal affairs to anyone, even his cousin. He entered the house and gave his coat and hat to the butler before returning to the drawing room. Lady Catherine was perturbed by his absence and questioned him minutely. Darcy somehow managed to contrive answers that seemed to satisfy her curiosity, though she was clearly still displeased with his behavior. He felt Fitzwilliam's eyes on him, but he also noticed Mrs. Collins's curiosity. She attended to Lady Catherine's speech and occasionally made some answer as it was required, but from time to time her eyes drifted in Darcy's direction, surreptitiously inspecting him. He wondered what she might be thinking. The evening was deadly dull and Darcy had difficulty remaining still. He wanted to pace about the room and stare out the window, but his well-honed self control kept him from attracting notice from anyone else. Soon his mind wandered to a person he preferred not to think about, but who had repeatedly intruded on Darcy's life in the most painful ways possible. George Wickham. He had first demanded a clerical living he had previously declined, then attempted the seduction of Georgiana, and now had poisoned Elizabeth against Darcy with his lies. Darcy thought of her spirited defense of the man this evening, and hoped that she was safe from him. He could not judge whether Elizabeth was in love with Wickham, but surely her lack of any significant dowry made her unattractive to fortune hunters in search of prey. Darcy hoped it was so. He hated to imagine her married to anyone but himself, but the thought of Elizabeth as the wife of George Wickham made him feel ill. Was there some way to warn her of his treachery? He doubted she would listen to anything he had to say, after the scene this evening in the parsonage, but the thought of the potential consequences of Wickham taking advantage of Elizabeth decided Darcy. A letter, delivered into her hand, in which he told the painful story, was not ideal, but he believed it the best option under the circumstances. He had no doubt of her discretion. If he revealed Georgiana's sad tale, Elizabeth would keep it to herself, however much she disliked Darcy. Some might think him mad for it, but he knew somehow, deep down in his bones, that she would not betray his confidence. A letter would also give him an opportunity to explain himself, to defend the other actions that had turned her so firmly against him. Her vehement rejection had so taken him by surprise that he had been unable to answer her charges. Her grievances were many, but they were burned in Darcy's memory. She would never accept him, she had said. The accusation that stung more than the others was that he had behaved in an ungentlemanlike manner. He prided himself on his gentility, both in birth and behavior. How could she say such a thing? Was there any truth in it? She had been deceived by Wickham because of his lies, but Darcy's manners she had seen and judged for herself. ##### At last the interminable evening ended. Darcy climbed the stairs to his luxurious room and dismissed his valet with an order to wake him early the next day. He had no desire for company of any kind, and he had a letter to write. Sitting down at the desk, Darcy pulled out several sheets of paper and wrote Elizabeth's name at the top of one of them. He stared at it for a long time, trying to determine how he should begin. Writing about Wickham would be more difficult, so he decided to start with Bingley. How had Elizabeth discovered his part in separating them? It must have been Fizwilliam. Darcy had never mentioned Bingley's name on the few occasions they had discussed the subject, but it would have been easy enough for Elizabeth to guess his identity, given her awareness of the situation. He hesitated before beginning his account of separating Bingley from Miss Bennet. It was sure to cause Elizabeth pain, no matter if he had been right nor not. She loved her sister dearly, and clearly felt that she had been wronged by Bingley. Even so, Darcy felt that the charges against him must be answered. He had no expectation of ever seeing Elizabeth again, so he pushed away his reservations and wrote as truthful an account as he could. She must understand that he had done what he did out of friendship. He thought in all honesty that Jane Bennet felt no love for his friend, and it took no great skill of observation to see how Mrs. Bennet coveted Bingley for her daughter in quite a vulgar manner. The younger girls and even the father showed a general want of decorum. If Miss Bennet did not love Bingley, it would not do for him to connect himself with such a family. Darcy took pains to make it clear in the letter that he did not include the two eldest Miss Bennets in his censure of their family. He could not excuse the Bennets, but he must do justice to Elizabeth and Jane. Once again he wondered just how those two ladies could have come from such a family. It was with great discomfort, however, that he admitted that he had known Miss Bennet to be in London and concealed it from Bingley. However, the same force that compelled Darcy to provide Elizabeth with an account of his actions also required that he be honest about this one transgression. After all, he had just declared to her his abhorrence of disguise. Perhaps the admission of his own guilt in this small part of the affair would increase the likelihood of her believing what he wrote, however much she disliked him. With some anguish, Darcy then laid out every detail of his dealings with Wickham. He hoped he was not doing his sister wrong by telling her part of the story to a person who was a stranger to her, but he felt he could not let these things go unsaid. His account would carry more weight with Elizabeth if he included Wickham's attempt to seduce Georgiana than if he only told of his general character and the affair of the living at Kympton. As he wrote of Wickham's betrayal of Georgiana, he felt as though layers of his heart were being peeled away, leaving him defenseless and vulnerable. Darcy did not know how he would deliver the letter discreetly to Elizabeth, but for once he hoped that he could put it in her hand and then leave her to herself. She had destroyed his calm and his comfort with her maddening presence at Rosings and Hunsford and her sound rejection, and writing the letter was not improving his state of mind. One more sharp word from her...he was not quite sure what it would do to him. Just as he had debated offering Elizabeth his hand, Darcy found himself questioning the wisdom of writing and delivering this letter, but in the end he decided that it must be done. He could only be thankful that he and Fitzwilliam were leaving Kent tomorrow. He would likely never see Elizabeth again, a fact which he knew brought only temporary relief. He would not have to face the awkwardness of seeing her nearly every day at Rosings, but he had no doubt that she would follow him wherever he went, in his mind and heart and in his dreams.
I apologize for the long delay between chapters. I hope you enjoy the latest installment. The door to Darcy's study closed quickly behind Georgiana as she left the room, retreating from her brother's presence. He stood behind his desk, staring at the door, and tried to understand what had just happened. Georgiana had rushed from the study in tears, and it was his doing. He would go to her and apologize, but not immediately. He needed to be calm, and know what he meant to say to her, before he sought her out. Darcy sat down at his desk and put his head in his hands. He must think. He must solve this problem. Why had he spoken so sharply and unfeelingly to Georgiana? He would never allow another person to speak to her like that. What on earth was wrong with him? He knew what was wrong with him. What he did not know was what to do about it. He had tried burying himself in work, taking extra interest in the minutiae of running Pemberley, at least as much as he could do from a distance. His steward was likely finding the frequency of his correspondence tiresome by now, but Darcy was not sure what else to do. Elizabeth was still in his thoughts every waking moment. He missed her. He wanted her here with him. He wanted her to love him. And in addition to all of that, he was still very troubled by her words that terrible evening at the parsonage. She had accused him of so many things, and he remembered them all. At first he had dismissed her complaints against his own manners and character as simply born of her anger at how he went about asking for her hand, but as days and weeks passed, her words sank further into Darcy. He could feel them permeating his skin and and seeping into his bones. He had begun to question himself, and the rightness of his behavior. He could see now that the style of his proposal was completely wrong. Elizabeth was an intelligent woman. She did not need to be reminded of the differences in their families and social standing. She was well aware that she was his inferior, though a gentlewoman. He had first professed his love openly and honestly, and perhaps she might have dealt with him more gently had he not continued his discourse by telling her just how unfit she was to be his wife. There was certainly no hope that she would have accepted him, but her refusal likely would not have been quite as vehement as it was. Darcy thought again of Georgiana, and considered how he might feel if she received an offer of marriage like the one he had made Elizabeth. Supposing Georgiana were of lower social standing and a gentleman spoke to her in that way, how would he feel? With this thought, Darcy cringed at his own behavior. Elizabeth was, after all, someone's sister, someone's daughter. He had treated her abominably, and given his abhorrence of disguise as his reason. Darcy stood from his desk and paced the room. Thoughts of his part in separating Bingley from Miss Bennet had also plagued him since that evening at Hunsford. Who would know better how Jane Bennet felt than her sister Elizabeth? Darcy might have thought himself an impartial judge, but that did not necessarily mean his observations were correct. A partial judge, such as a sister or close friend, might have better success, as long as her motives were pure, and he felt sure Elizabeth's were. She was angry about her sister's broken heart, something with which Darcy could certainly sympathize. He remembered with some pain his confident dismissal of Jane Bennet in his conversations with Georgiana and Fitzwilliam. He had been careful never to name her, but he could see now all of the presumption of his judgment of her feelings. He winced thinking of one particular evening in a London ballroom. It was the first time after leaving Hertfordshire that he had seen a supposed Elizabeth out on a terrace, but before that vexatious incident there was a conversation with a circle of fine ladies in which he spoke very freely about the failings of Meryton society. Darcy remembered how carefully he had avoided mentioning any names, but he now saw how insufficient that particular piece of restraint really was. He had still, without a thought, disparaged the characters of people he did not know. Whether there was truth in any of his statements was irrelevant. He had acted like a common gossip, something he himself had always held in contempt. And then there was Wickham. At least on this topic he felt his position was defensible. Elizabeth had accused Darcy of ruining Wickham's life, so clearly the rogue had been telling her all manner of lies. Wickham had always had a certain charisma and apparent innocence that allowed him to charm the ladies. It sickened Darcy to think of it. He hoped he had seen the last of the wicked man, but that thought had crossed his mind several times in the past, only to be followed by Wickham's reappearance in his life. He could not seem to get free of that villain. However, it was not much comfort to Darcy that one of Elizabeth's accusations was unfounded, when so many of the others seemed distressingly true. Darcy stopped pacing and poured himself a glass of brandy. He sat down in a chair by the fire, suddenly feeling very weary. He had never faced a crisis like this. He was no less in love with Elizabeth than he had been at Rosings, and her rejection was affecting his behavior for the worse, in spite of his attempts to distract himself with work. What could he say to Georgiana? He would have to apologize, to tell her there was no excuse for his behavior, to humble himself before her. He would do this for no other person in the world, but she was his sister and he loved her. Darcy's thoughts flitted again to Elizabeth. He loved her, too. Would he ever humble himself before her? Would he consider apologizing for his contemptible behavior? He would, if he could, but he did not foresee any such opportunity. In all likelihood he would never see her again, which was probably as it should be. Darcy rose and drained his glass of brandy. He straightened his neckcloth and put on his coat before leaving his study in search of Georgiana. ##### Darcy knocked on the drawing room door before entering, so she would have some warning. When he walked in, Georgiana looked up from her book, eyeing him warily. Darcy hated that she looked at him that way. He was determined to make sure that she would never be frightened of him. He walked over to the sofa she was sitting on and gestured to the seat beside her. "May I?" he asked. She nodded and he sat down. "Georgiana, I have come to apologize. I have been quite a boor of late, and I cannot say how sorry I am that I have hurt you." Georgiana looked up at him and her face relaxed. She was not smiling, but she had lost that tense, doubtful expression. Now she simply studied his face. "There can be no excuse for my behavior. I hope you can forgive me." He rested his hand on hers. She gave him a small smile. "Of course I forgive you, brother," she said gently. Darcy kissed her cheek. "You have made it too easy for me, Georgiana," he said, smiling. "No, I have not," she said. "That is, I will not. Fitzwilliam, I still do not want to make my bow next Season." "Yes, I know," he answered. "I will not insist that you do it. It was wrong of me to speak so unfeelingly, to try to force you into something that makes you uncomfortable." "Thank you," Georgiana replied, relieved. "You may do as you choose next Season. Make your debut in society, or wait until the following year." "And I know I shall be ready by then. It is only that next Season seems so very soon." "We are reconciled, then," Darcy said. "Will you play for me now?" Georgiana did not answer immediately, only looked at her brother's hand on hers. "I would rather just talk to you, Fitzwilliam." Darcy tried not to squirm. Months ago his younger sister showed him that she was much more perceptive than he had known, and he was afraid she might bring up Hertfordshire again. Perhaps she had no intention of questioning him on that topic, but simply wanted to converse with him about something harmless, perhaps a book she had read. "I should like to ask you a question, brother," she said, looking up into his face. "Please do." "What is it that troubles you so?" she asked. "I know that there is a cause for your behavior toward me and your burying yourself in your work. I would like to help, if I can, but I cannot help if I do not know what the problem is." Darcy looked away from her. He could not lie to her, especially when she looked at him like that, all innocence and wisdom and perception. He searched for an answer; he would not refuse her request, but it would be difficult. "I do not think there is anything you can do to help, but I will tell you. I am afraid I have behaved very badly," he began. "I treated someone I regard highly in a disrespectful manner." A crease appeared between Georgiana's brows. "I do not understand, Fitzwilliam. Why would you treat a friend badly? That does not sound like you at all." "I thought it was right and just at the time," he replied. "But I have since come to believe that it was quite the opposite. I was wrong and unjust, even ungentlemanly." "Who was this person that you treated badly?" It was the question Darcy had been dreading. He knew she would ask, and he had not decided what he would say. Improvisation was not his talent, but in this case he must make an attempt. "It was a lady. No one you are acquainted with." "Was it your Hertfordshire lady? The second daughter? Was she in Kent?" "What makes you say that?" he asked sharply. Georgiana shrugged slightly. "Just speculation. I cannot think of any other lady you have admired as much as you seemed to admire her when you returned from Hertfordshire. Will you not tell me her name, Fitzwilliam?" She was right. Elizabeth was the only lady he had spoken of to his sister. None of the others ever compared to her; the rest were indistinguishable from one another in his eyes. Darcy sighed in resignation. "Elizabeth. Elizabeth Bennet." "And you treated her badly?" "Yes, very badly," Darcy admitted. "It is a blessing, I think, that I will not likely ever see her again. She was justly very angry with me when we last spoke. I do not know if she will ever forgive me, but it does not matter in the end." "But it matters to you, Fitzwilliam," she said, placing her other hand over his. "I can see that it does." He ran his free hand over his face, feeling suddenly very tired. "But there is nothing I can do about it now. She is gone, with my prayers and good wishes, but gone nonetheless." ##### Late that evening, as his valet slid his coat from his shoulders and prepared him for bed, Darcy wondered if he really ought to have burdened Georgiana with his confidences about Elizabeth, not to mention almost every sorry detail of his visits to Hertfordshire and Kent. He had been hesitant to speak of Elizabeth at first, for the sake of guarding his sister from his own troubles as well as for the sake of his own heart. But he found that once he began to tell Georgiana about the woman who had captured his heart, he almost could not stop talking. He felt no more heartsick for having talked of Elizabeth, and he felt a little lighter, as though some part of his burden had been shifted off of his shoulders. He had wanted to keep his own counsel on the subject as he generally did when it came to the most important things, but he was beginning to think that it might be prudent to reexamine his old ways of doing things. His experience with Elizabeth had taught him that his judgment was not infallible, and Georgiana had handled his story with grace and sensitivity. She did not attempt to talk him out of his broken heart, but instead said gently how glad she was that he had had the opportunity to know such a wonderful woman, for however short a time. Darcy felt happy, for the first time, that Georgiana wished to put off her debut. He was a partial observer, but it seemed likely to him that she would be engaged by the end of her first Season. Now he would have her to himself for just a little longer; the thought made Darcy smile. Perhaps he was at last on the path to being healed. He didn't expect it to be easy, but until today he had been floundering blindly about in the woods. Finding the path was a step in the right direction. To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments.
If you're still reading, thank you so much for sticking with me. I am sorry for leaving you so long without updating, but another fandom has been monopolizing my time. I do intend to finish this story, no matter what. The last chapter, in fact, is already written. Have a good day! Darcy tossed aside the book he had been attempting to read and rose from his seat on the sofa. He could not calm himself and he took to pacing the drawing room. He was alone in the house, save for the servants, and he gave up on trying to distract himself from the events of the previous afternoon, when Miss Elizabeth Bennet had unexpectedly appeared on the grounds of Pemberley. He had just returned to Pemberley in response to a summons from his steward and almost as soon as he set foot on his own land, he saw her. She was with an older, genteel sort of couple whom he had been surprised to learn were the brother and sister-in-law of Mrs. Bennet. Darcy knew he was not at his best conversationally as he walked the grounds at Elizabeth's side, but he had managed to ask if he might introduce her to Georgiana. The benefits of such an introduction were twofold; it would bring his sister pleasure to meet Elizabeth and it would extend his acquaintance with the woman he found he still loved as much as ever. Even if he and Georgiana were unable to prevail upon her to dine at Pemberley while she was in the area, perhaps the two ladies would correspond. It might be a tenuous link, but it was likely Darcy's best chance of renewing his acquaintance with Elizabeth. Hopefully he would do better the second time than he had the first. Elizabeth's behavior toward him had been cordial, if a little subdued, and she had seemed pleased with his invitation to become acquainted with his sister. If nothing else, it was a start. Darcy had spent the day with his steward and then dined alone, before enduring a mostly sleepless night. Now he was impatiently waiting for the Bingleys, the Hursts, and Georgiana to arrive at Pemberley. His mind was occupied, as it had been the previous night, with thoughts of the impending meeting between Georgiana and Elizabeth. The time between Darcy's early breakfast and his sister's arrival seemed interminable, but the party did, at last, arrive. He met them at the front door, embracing his sister and greeting the others cordially. He drew Georgiana aside as the travelers shed their hats and coats. "Georgiana," Darcy began. "I have a surprise for you, which I hope will be a pleasant one." "I'm sure it will be." He took a deep breath. "How should you like to meet Miss Elizabeth Bennet?" Georgiana smiled, but looked confused. "What do you mean? Now? How?" Darcy nodded. "Yes, now, if you don't mind getting back into a carriage so soon after arriving. If you are too tired, we can put it off until tomorrow." "Fitzwilliam, please explain," she requested. "Miss Bennet is staying in Lambton right now, with her aunt and uncle. Yesterday they visited Pemberley and I came upon them on the grounds unexpectedly." "Oh my goodness!" "She looks forward to making your acquaintance." "Then how can I say no?" She glanced over her shoulder. "Will the others not want to see Miss Bennet as well?" Darcy tried to hide his grimace, but Georgiana caught his odd expression. She didn't know exactly what it meant, but she made a suggestion she hoped would help. "If we were to leave now, the others might be too tired to join us." Darcy smiled slightly. "I think you may be right." He got everyone's attention and issued the invitation. "I've learned that Miss Elizabeth Bennet is staying in Lambton. Georgiana and I are going to pay her a call. You are all welcome to join us." "Pay her a call? Right now?" Miss Bingley was not pleased. "We've only just arrived!" Mr. Bingley ignored his sister and replied cheerfully. "I will join you, Darcy. I should be delighted to see Miss Bennet again." "Perhaps some other time," Miss Bingley answered in a frosty tone. "I am much too tired at the moment." Mrs. Hurst agreed. "I am also far too tired to be paying calls. Please do give Miss Bennet our regrets." Mr. Hurst was already on his way up the stairs to his room. The two sisters followed him, leaving Darcy, Georgiana, and Mr. Bingley together. "Darcy, do you think I might borrow one of your horses for the ride to Lambton?" Mr. Bingley asked. "I fear the idea of bouncing about in a carriage for one more moment is a bit much for me. I will ride alongside your carriage." "Of course, Bingley," Darcy agreed. "I'll send word to the stables." While the master of Pemberley consulted with his butler, Mr. Bingley spoke to Georgiana. "What a pleasant surprise this is." "Yes," she agreed. "I look forward to making Miss Bennet's acquaintance." "You and she will become friends immediately - I am sure of it," Mr. Bingley asserted buoyantly. Georgiana looked uncertain. "I do hope so." ##### Darcy noticed Georgiana's pensive mood as they traveled toward Lambton. "What is it, Georgiana?" She smiled a little. "I am just a bit nervous." He nodded. "I can understand that, I think. I know you are shy of strangers." "It is true. I can never think of what to say when I meet someone new." "Still, you really have nothing to fear. Miss Bennet will set you at ease; I am quite sure of it." "But do you think she will like me?" "Of course she will. I do not know who could not like you." Georgiana laughed. "Be careful, brother, or you will make me vain." "Impossible," he scoffed, but he smiled, too. "Possible," she insisted. "But I hope not very likely." "Fair enough," Darcy admitted. A little while later they arrived at the inn at Lambton. Mr. Bingley waited outside while the servant announced Darcy and Georgiana. At first, Georgiana quailed at the sight of not only Elizabeth, but her aunt and uncle as well, but she soon discovered that her brother was right about Elizabeth. She was amiable and kind and made the effort to draw Georgiana into conversation without making her uncomfortable. Not only that, but Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner were not in the least intimidating once everyone had begun talking. Soon enough, Mr. Bingley joined them and, as anyone acquainted with him knew, he always made pleasant conversation. Georgiana still did not speak a great deal, but she was happy with the meeting and pleased when the Gardiners and Elizabeth agreed to join them for dinner the next day. She could see that Darcy was pleased as well; there was an extra energy about him as they left the inn and traveled back to Pemberley. He seemed a bit nervous, in fact, but pleasantly so, for he wore a smile even Georgiana did not see often. She was not quite sure what her brother's wishes were with regard to Elizabeth, but if he planned to pursue her again, she hoped he would succeed. It would be wonderful to gain such a kind and amiable sister, but also to see her brother made happy by the woman who had charmed such a smile out of him. ##### The next morning, Mrs. Gardiner and Elizabeth had hardly been gone five minutes from Pemberley when Miss Bingley began her extended criticism of the latter. She was brown and coarse. Her face was too thin, her complexion dull, her features not at all handsome. Her eyes had a sharp shrewish look and her air was offensively self sufficient. Georgiana looked from her brother to Miss Bingley and back again. She could hardly believe he was tolerating such abuse of a woman he clearly admired. He looked irritated, but he said little in Elizabeth's defense. If she had been a more outspoken person, Georgiana would have done so herself, but she was not, not to mention that fact that she was still a bit discomposed by Miss Bingley's earlier reference to George Wickham. Miss Bingley reached the end of her diatribe before speaking more directly to Darcy. "...But afterwards she seemed to improve on you, and I believe you thought her rather pretty at one time." At last Darcy spoke, which was a relief to Georgiana, who was dismayed to hear her new friend so maligned. "Yes," he replied. "But that was only when I first knew her; for it is many months since I have considered her as one of the handsomest women of my acquaintance." And then he left the room, leaving the ladies to themselves. Georgiana said nothing, her eyes on Miss Bingley and Mrs. Hurst. The former looked angry and the latter seemed concerned for her sister, though only slightly. Mrs. Annesley's expression was rather studied, the picture of bland unconcern, but Georgiana thought that her companion might have enjoyed the lively scene just enacted in the drawing room more than she let on. Georgiana herself had previously suspected a partiality for her brother on Miss Bingley's part, but now she knew for certain. Miss Bingley was jealous and angry, but Georgiana wondered what she thought she would accomplish by disparaging Elizabeth. Perhaps she was not thinking at all. To be continued Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments. Thank you!
Thank you for your patience! I won't make any promises about when I will post another chapter, but I am making progress toward the end of this story. Darcy could not smile as he pointed his horse toward Lambton. He was on his way to call on the woman he loved, but the uncertainty of the situation rendered him tense with nerves as well as anticipation. He felt sure that Elizabeth was more charitably inclined toward him than she had been in April, but whether or not she would be receptive to a renewal of his addresses was a different matter entirely. He was determined to find out, however, and for that purpose he had left his guests behind at Pemberley in order to visit her. It would be easier if he could have private conversation with her, but that was not a likely scenario, so he preferred to meet her in Lambton. He would much rather speak to Elizabeth under the eyes of her kind aunt and uncle than with a suspicious and jealous Miss Bingley looking on. Before he knew it, Darcy found himself handing the reins to a stable boy at the inn and going inside to inquire if the Gardiners and Miss Bennet were there. His plan to try and divine Elizabeth's feelings would have to be put off to later if they had gone out. However, he was surprised, though pleased, to discover that Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner had just gone out and their niece was alone. Everything was going his way so far, but still, he could not smile. The maid opened the door and prepared to announce Darcy, but she was cut off by Elizabeth's appearance. Darcy was shocked by her expression. She had been crying - was still crying, in fact - and wished for her aunt and uncle's immediate return to the inn. There was some emergency that had greatly upset her and it was only at Darcy's insistence that she was persuaded not to run after them herself. After a servant had been sent to fetch the Gardiners, he tried to find some way to help her, but there was nothing to be done. Once Elizabeth began to speak, he listened with dismay to her story. Wickham. Darcy was not surprised by the man's perfidy, but it pained him to see one so dear to him in such wretched pain. Darcy hardly knew what he said next. Once he had got over the initial shock, he began to think. The situation seemed nearly hopeless to someone who knew Wickham's true nature, but perhaps it was not. Perhaps there was something to be done. Wickham was the sort of man who could be bribed and Darcy had the resources to bribe him. But first he must find him - that would be the more difficult task. London was a good hiding place. How would he discover them? The conversation with Elizabeth dwindled and Darcy excused himself. He did not want to leave her, but it seemed wrong to intrude further on her privacy. He took a long look at her before he left the room and as he closed the door, he was struck by inspiration. Mrs. Younge. ##### Darcy rode slowly home from Lambton, his thoughts on Elizabeth and what a state he had found her in just now. The situation was grim, and it was difficult to see her in such pain, knowing there was nothing he could do to ease her suffering. He was glad, at any rate, that he had been the one to find her. Elizabeth had confided in him, which meant a great deal to Darcy. And from the things she had said of Wickham, it was clear that she believed in the truth of his account in that wretched letter he had written in April. However, none of those things were much comfort in the face of Wickham's perfidy and Lydia Bennet's foolishness. There was no going back from such a scandal and Elizabeth and most of her family would suffer for the thoughtlessness of others. His thoughts followed Elizabeth through her journey home, feeling the anxiety she must feel, both for her sister's immediate safety and for her family's imminent disgrace. He hoped the Gardiners' travel was uneventful and restored them to their Longbourn relations at the earliest possible hour, to give and receive whatever comfort might be possible. When he arrived at Pemberley, he tried to dismiss his bleak mood and he mostly succeeded, though with some difficulty. Both Georgiana and Miss Bingley noticed it and tried to distract him, though in very different ways. His sister tried to comfort him with music and asked him to read to her. Miss Bingley also played and sang, but her manner was much more showy. She sought to put herself forward for admiration, rather than comforting her object. Though Darcy had not said as much, both women suspected that his poor humor had something to do with the absence of Miss Elizabeth Bennet. Georgiana was sorry, for her assumption was that her brother had proposed again and been rejected. Miss Bingley was aware of Darcy's attraction to Elizabeth and rejoiced when she learned of the latter's sudden departure from the area, not caring exactly why. She hoped to make Darcy forget about that lady and bring his attention back to her, a feat that she thought was still within her power, though she had been eclipsed for a time by Elizabeth. He lay awake in bed until the small hours of the morning, planning his strategy. He would go in search of Mrs. Younge first and hopefully she would have knowledge of Wickham's whereabouts. Darcy would search out Wickham and when he found him, do everything in his power to make him marry Lydia Bennet. Darcy had a feeling Wickham was in financial difficulties and hoped his desperation might moderate his demands. There was hope that a marriage could be brought about, if Darcy were willing to lay out some money, and he certainly was. Money seemed nothing in comparison with the disgrace the Bennet family was facing. ##### Darcy knocked on the door of the finest of the modest-looking homes on Gracechurch Street and before long a servant admitted him and left him in the drawing room to wait for Mr. Gardiner. He was not left alone for long; Mr. Gardiner entered the room and greeted Darcy cordially, uncertain what had prompted the unexpected honor of his visit. "Do sit down, Mr. Darcy, and tell me how I may be of service." The two men sat. "Actually, I came to discuss how I might be of service to you." Mr. Gardiner's brow furrowed. "I beg your pardon?" Darcy hesitated before beginning the delicate subject. "I am not sure if you are aware or not, but I happened upon your niece, Miss Elizabeth Bennet, in Lambton just after she had read some letters from home. Mr. Gardiner's expression became guarded and he remained silent, waiting for his guest to continue. "Miss Bennet was very distressed and revealed more to me of the contents of her sister's letters than she might have under different circumstances." The older man nodded. "I see." "In short, I am aware of your family's recent difficulties." "Mr. Darcy, I hope we can count on your secrecy. My youngest niece hardly deserves it, but for the rest of the family, I hope you will keep silent on the subject." "Of course. But please do not make yourself uneasy about your niece's predicament. The situation is not wholly hopeless." Mr. Gardiner looked skeptical. "Perhaps not wholly, but nearly so. I have made inquiries everywhere I can think of, with no success." "I am sorry that I could not visit you sooner with this news, but I could not do so until I had news of Wickham's absolute agreement to marry your niece." "You have found them?! And he has agreed to marry her?" "I have seen them both, in quarters that I believe you will wish to remove her from as soon as may be. I hope you will allow her to be married from this house. The rest of the business may be finalized soon, I hope." Mr. Gardiner closed his eyes and sighed in relief. "I considered their marriage as very unlikely, I will admit, but I had such fears for her safety. I am glad to hear what you tell me. But how have you brought it all about?" "I have discovered that Wickham's debts are not as great as I had at first suspected," Darcy lied, trying to be vague. "Although I will not insult your intelligence by telling you that he intended to marry your niece from the beginning, he can now afford to do so and is willing to do the right thing." The other man shook his head. "It is no good, Mr. Darcy. You are not a good liar. You have put forth a great deal of money." Darcy judged it best that he not protest. "I have pledged some money, but not a great deal." "A fortune, or what would he live on?" "No fortune was pledged - you may be sure that I would never hand over a large amount of cash to Wickham, for I know he would disappear with it, leaving your niece ruined and the family disgraced." "What, then?" "I have purchased him a commission in the army. After their marriage, they will go to Newcastle, where he will take his place among the officers quartered there." Mr. Gardiner smiled a little. "Yes, the army. You do have a sense of humor, Mr. Darcy, however serious you might appear." "I am glad you find it acceptable. We can discuss further particulars soon, but I think you might wish to fetch your niece from her current lodgings and bring her here. She may protest that she wishes to stay with Wickham, but I believe she will be more comfortable with you and your good wife. I am persuaded that he will easily convince her to do so, if I ask him to." "You hold that much sway over the rogue?" "I hold some of his debts and I have arranged this marriage to relieve his present difficulties. He knows I have the upper hand." Mr. Gardiner nodded. "Then I think the best plan is for you to take Mrs. Gardiner and me to bring her home, after which you and I will compose a letter to Mr. Bennet containing everything he needs to know." Darcy shook his head. "I think it would be best if you left your good wife at home, sir. We will unfortunately be passing into unsavory parts of the city. It might be unsuitable for a lady; indeed, I am sorry that your niece has resided so long in such a place." The older man looked grave. "Then let me speak to Mrs. Gardiner and we shall soon be off." Darcy and Mr. Gardiner were on their way within a half hour. The latter would have preferred to leave much sooner, but no short explanation would satisfy his wife. He could hardly blame her - it was all too shocking. He could scarcely believe it himself. It was surprising enough that Mr. Darcy had paid them a visit at all, much less delivered the news that their troubles were over. He would be relieved to see Lydia and she and Wickham would be married soon. It was the most any of them could have hoped for. To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments. Thanks for reading!
I thank everyone who has not given up on this story. I have every intention of finishing it. Hope you enjoy! Darcy lay awake contemplating the events of the day. They had brought him both pain and pleasure, unfortunately more of the former than the latter. He had completed the tasks he had set for himself, but the only true pleasure he had felt had been when he saw Elizabeth. Their interactions that morning had been brief and awkward, but he was there, in her presence, something that could not be underrated. She had not been his only focus, however, as he tried to circumspectly observe her sister and Bingley. He ought to have known already that Jane Bennet was in love with his friend - Elizabeth had told him as much and he did not doubt her - but he still wanted to see them together. Perhaps he felt he needed to prove his original judgment wrong in order to advance to the next and most painful step: confessing his interference to Bingley. He had rarely done anything like it. He admitted to his friend that he had been completely in the wrong, confessing each part he had played in the sordid scheme to separate him from Miss Bennet. He made no excuses for himself and in the end placed himself at Bingley's mercy. Darcy knew his friend to be a generous man, but something like this might be too much for him to forgive. Darcy ran over the conversation in his mind. "You did what?" Bingley was incredulous. "I encouraged you to doubt your own judgment and I conspired with your sisters to separate you from Miss Bennet. She was in town for several months last winter and I deliberately concealed this from you." Bingley started to pace the room. "In London all that time? She must have thought me well, I don't know what she must have thought." "I doubt she could have thought as badly of you as you fear, after seeing the two of you together this morning at Longbourn." "What do you mean by that," Bingley asked sharply, coming to a stop in front of the chair Darcy sat in. "Not only did the Bennets welcome you joyfully, but Miss Bennet is clearly in love with you. Still." "And I'm to take your word for this? Last year you convinced me she didn't love me. Now you say she does. Why should I believe you?" "You should not believe me. You must decide for yourself, as I ought to have left you to do last year. I thought so well of my own perceptions and opinions that I forced them upon you, but I was wrong. Very wrong." Darcy sighed. "If you order me out of your house this minute, I will not blame you." Bingley scoffed. "Don't be ridiculous, Darcy. I am not so ungenerous." "But you are angry, and justifiably so. I hope I've not lost your friendship. I greatly value it." Bingley looked thoughtful. "I honestly do not know. Perhaps we should both go to bed and discuss this in the morning, when I have a cooler head." Darcy nodded. "That sounds more than fair. Good night, Bingley." He sighed heavily. "Good night." Darcy did feel some dread about tomorrow's interview with his friend, but relief was the most intense emotion at that moment. He might not like what the next day brought, but he had confessed. It was done. He had made peace with his misdeeds, whether or not Bingley shunned him. Darcy's thoughts gradually faded as his eyelids drooped and he quickly fell asleep. ##### Darcy was up early the next day and made his way to the breakfast room. It was deserted and he poured himself some coffee. He sat down with his cup and a newspaper, which he tried, and failed, to read. Fortunately, Bingley arrived within a few minutes. He nodded a greeting. Darcy watched his friend as he poured himself a cup of tea and loaded his plate with food. He sat down at the table, but turned his regard from his breakfast to his friend, seated across the table. "Darcy." "Bingley." "I have been thinking a great deal about what you said last night." Darcy nodded. "I can scarcely believe it. It all seems so unlike you - both the sins and the confession. But I do not doubt what you've told me and" Bingley took a deep breath. "And in the end, I find that I cannot do else but forgive you." Darcy sighed. "Thank you," he murmured. "It takes a strong man, a good man, to confess as you did." Darcy flushed a little at the compliment. "Bingley, I hardly deserve -" "No, Darcy. This is not about what you deserve. You erred greatly in this case, but you have, in other cases, served me well as a friend should. Nor am I a perfect man. If I have not already offended you, I am certain it will happen one day." There was silence for a while as Darcy tried to decide whether to bring up the subject that still stood between them. "And Miss Bennet?" he finally asked. Bingley smiled. "I have judged - on my own, mind you - both that Miss Bennet very likely returns my feelings and that she is more lovely than ever. Darcy smiled back. "Then I wish you joy, my friend." Bingley shook his head. "Not yet." He got up from the table and approached his friend. "But let us shake hands and put this behind us." Darcy gladly rose from his chair and the two men exchanged a firm handshake. "Now, Darcy, what are your plans?" Bingley asked. "You spoke of leaving soon." "I am afraid I must - today, in fact." "Today! Surely you can put off your departure for a little while. We are bidden to Longbourn for dinner tomorrow night. Do stay until then." Darcy turned sharply to Bingley, wondering if his friend had some suspicion about his feelings for Elizabeth, but he saw only simple friendship, perhaps even tinged with a hint that he would rather not go to Longbourn by himself before he had made his own final determination about Jane Bennet's feelings for him. Darcy knew he had done Bingley wrong by encouraging him to doubt himself, but he had little concern about the likelihood that Miss Bennet would soon make him the happiest of men. Perhaps the dinner at Longbourn would decide him. Darcy had his own worries about Elizabeth. He wanted to see her and speak with her, but he didn't know if she would welcome his company or his attentions. He would try to understand what she wanted from him, if anything. If he had no success, he would remove to London. "Very well," Darcy agreed. "I will stay to dine with the Bennet family and then I will go." ##### Darcy was quiet at dinner with Georgiana. He had returned to London earlier in the day and was tired from his journey. He could feel his sister's eyes on him, but mercifully, she refrained from questioning him. She knew where he had been and was probably mightily curious about what had happened on his brief visit to Netherfield, but apparently she had chosen to let him be, at least for the present. She told him about what she had been doing during his absence and did not require much response from him. He caught himself ruminating over everything that had happened in Hertfordshire and tried to pay closer attention to her, with minimal success. After dinner, they moved into the music room, where Georgiana had agreed to play for her brother on the pianoforte. She played several pieces before sitting down beside him on the divan. "That was lovely, dear," he praised her. "Thank you, Fitzwilliam." She paused. "Now will you tell me?" "Tell you what?" The words were no sooner out that he regretted them. Georgiana was no fool. She knew where he had been and with whom. And now that she had met Elizabeth Bennet herself of course she would be curious. "Forgive me, Georgiana. I don't mean to put you off. But in truth there is not much to tell." Her brows drew together in concern. "It is as before, then? She dislikes you still? I thought for certain her opinion of you must have improved when we met at Pemberley." "I would venture to guess that her opinion of me has improved since we met in Kent, but I cannot say how much. She received me politely, but she seemed discomposed, almost. We could never land on a comfortable topic of conversation." "Perhaps she was nervous," Georgiana suggested. "So much has passed between you. She may not have known what to say." "You may be right. But I couldn't be sure if she was glad or sorry to see me. That's why I came back. I would not wish to make her uncomfortable in her own home by forcing my company on her." Georgiana was silent for a little while before speaking softly. "Will you never seek her out again?" Darcy smiled and took his sister's hand. "Never is a long time, dear." She returned his smile. "Mr. Bingley does live just a few miles off, after all." "And I believe he is likely to be at Netherfield for quite some time." "Do you mean that he and Miss Bennet?" "I will be very much surprised if they do not make a match of it, and soon." He patted her hand. "But for now I will be as patient as I can. If nothing else, I will attend the wedding in Hertfordshire. I cannot imagine either Mr. Bingley or Miss Bennet desiring a long engagement." "I had not thought of that," Georgiana remarked. "Your friend's marriage to her sister might give you more opportunities to see Miss Elizabeth." Darcy chuckled. "Be patient, dear, just as I must be. Let us not get ahead of ourselves." "Of course you are right." She smiled. "We shall be patient together." To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a little time. Thank you!
Thanks for the reviews and for sticking with me for such a long time. Special shout-out to anonymous reviewers, to whom I can't reply. Darcy was in his library when he heard the commotion at the front door. He wasn't sure what was happening, but he trusted his servants to take care of things. Before long, however, he heard the voice of his aunt, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, and he knew he should attend to her himself. He made his way from the library to the front door, where his very angry aunt Catherine was arguing with his butler. The footman was trying to take her coat, but she resisted his efforts, demanding that he call his master with no loss of time. "I am here, Aunt Catherine," Darcy said. "How may I be of service?" "There you are, Darcy! I need to speak to you, immediately." He did not allow her poor humor to affect his own mood, or his civility. "Perhaps you would feel more comfortable if you left your coat with my butler or the footman. Would you care for some tea?" She took off her coat and tossed it in the general direction of the servants, but refused his offer of refreshment. "Darcy, there is too much at stake for us to wait for tea." He nodded his acquiescence, annoyed but curious. He was about to lead her to the drawing room, but she was before him, marching up the stairs and then waiting for him to open the door for her, "since your footmen appear to be missing" she complained under her breath. "I am sorry I was not informed that you intended to visit," he remarked calmly. "We might then have been more prepared for your arrival." "There wasn't time," she replied angrily. "I did not know myself that I would be obliged to pay you a visit until mere hours ago." Darcy's brows drew together. "My dear aunt, what could have happened to upset you so?" "I have never been treated so in my entire life!" she replied. "Especially by one so young, who is below me in every way." "Lady Catherine, I cannot be of service to you if you will not be more explicit about who or what has offended you." "Very well," she agreed, her eyes snapping. "I can see you are not aware of the scandalous falsehood that has been circulating." Darcy looked doubtful. "And you have come all the way from Kent to tell me of a rumor?" "It is not just any rumor, nephew," she huffed. "It concerns your supposed imminent marriage. Now what have you to say?" Darcy was hard pressed to keep from rolling his eyes. "If there is such a rumor, it is not the first, nor will it be the last. Once again, I am astonished that you should have come all the way to London to tell me of such a falsehood." "I had hoped not to be obliged to visit you, but my purpose was not answered in Hertfordshire." He froze. "What?" "I see you understand me now, Darcy." He spoke carefully. "I am afraid the matter is still not clear to me. What precisely was your purpose in going to Hertfordshire? To whom did you speak, for I presume that it was in Hertfordshire that you were so overset?" "To Miss Elizabeth Bennet." "What business can you have had with Miss Bennet?" he asked. "You shall soon know all, nephew." Darcy was anxious to hear what his aunt had to say, and he could perceive that he would not have to wait long. She was nearly vibrating with pent-up anger, burning to state her grievances against the absent Elizabeth. "The rumor I spoke of, you will have guessed by now, is that Miss Elizabeth Bennet would soon be joined in matrimony with you, nephew. A scandalous falsehood, to be sure." He was incredulous. "And yet you took the trouble of traveling to Hertfordshire? What did you hope to accomplish there?" "At once to have the report denied. I know she must have spread the rumor abroad, though she denied it, the obstinate girl. Furthermore, she denied even having heard of it." "And you do not believe her?" "Of course not. And that is not all, Darcy. She spoke to me in a manner disrespectful to me and to my daughter." "To my cousin? What can she have had to say about Anne?" "She questioned the substance of your engagement to my daughter, saying that if you had no obligation of honor or inclination to marry her, then why must you not choose Miss Bennet herself?" Darcy's anger was rising now, but he was desperate to hear every word of his aunt's recounting of her confrontation with Elizabeth, and he knew he must remain calm or she might not finish her tale. He simply looked at Lady Catherine gravely and allowed her to continue. "She thinks nothing of the censure that would certainly fall upon your shoulders should you make such a choice, from within your family and in the world in general. I can tell you that I am not the only member of your family who would cast you off if you made such an alliance. And what do you think Miss Elizabeth Bennet had to say about this?" Once again, he made no reply, his expression impassive. Lady Catherine was not deterred from her diatribe. "I can remember her words almost exactly. 'The wife of Mr. Darcy must have great sources of happiness that would give her no cause to repine, even were she rejected by her husband's family.' Can you believe the audacity?" Darcy spoke at last, his tone neutral. "Perhaps she was upset by your unexpected appearance at her home." She huffed. "It was on your behalf that I confronted her, nephew. I would expect gratitude, not indifference." "They I fear you will be disappointed twice today." Lady Catherine's anger rose along with her voice. "You have not heard the worst of it. Once I tell you of it, any foolish infatuation you may be harboring will give way." Darcy nodded. "Please continue." "After I satisfied myself that there was no engagement between you, I gave her the chance to do the proper thing. I asked her to promise that she would never enter into such an engagement and she flatly refused. Neither duty, honor, nor gratitude weighed with her. She is determined to ruin the family. I rely on you, nephew, to depress the pretensions of this upstart girl. After this explanation, you can have little wish to satisfy her wishes and make her an offer." Darcy had no desire to continue the conversation. He took out his watch to check the time. "You will not wish to travel all the way to Kent at this hour. You are welcome to stay the night, but I am leaving tomorrow. My servants will attend you." "Leaving tomorrow?" she asked suspiciously. "Where are you going?" He looked her in the eye and allowed a hint of a smile to cross his lips. "Hertfordshire." Her ladyship was incensed to the point that she could not immediately reply. By the time she regained her voice and began to rant about writing to his Uncle Lord Matlock, Darcy had left the room. To be continued...
Thanks for your support, all! Enjoy! "I say, Darcy," Bingley said as they made their way to Longbourn on horseback. "I'm likely to stay all day at Longbourn, but that doesn't mean that you must. I know the company is not always agreeable to you. You may abandon me at any time for greener pastures. My servants will attend you." Darcy shook his head. "Thank you, Bingley, but I knew very well when I departed London that I would find you situated just as you are." "As you like." Bingley smiled. "In any case, Longbourn is not entirely lacking in good company, besides my Jane, of course. Mr. Bennet is a quirky fellow, but still quite the gentleman, once you know him better. And even Miss Elizabeth, you know, is as much a lady as her elder sister, and nearly as pretty." Darcy glanced briefly at his friend, but there was no knowing look or arch expression. It was simply Bingley trying to make the best of things. "I'm sure you are right." They continued on the road to Longbourn, exchanging a comment here or there, but for the most part each was lost in his thoughts. When they arrived, Bingley suggested they go walking, a relief to Darcy, as it left him a much better chance of eventually speaking to Elizabeth alone. He was left with her and Miss Kitty, Bingley and Jane lagging well behind. When Kitty left them to call on the Lucases, Darcy could have leapt for joy, had he not been busy gathering his thoughts. Here was his chance. He was ready to speak up, but Elizabeth was before him. "Mr. Darcy, I am a very selfish creature; and, for the sake of giving relief to my own feelings, care not how much I may be wounding yours. I can no longer help thanking you for your unexampled kindness to my poor sister. Ever since I have known it, I have been most anxious to acknowledge to you how gratefully I feel it. Were it known to the rest of my family, I should not have merely my own gratitude to express." Darcy was disappointed. This would not do. She was grateful, but could he hope for more? "I am sorry, exceedingly sorry," he replied, "that you have ever been informed of what may, in a mistaken light, have given you uneasiness. I did not think Mrs. Gardiner was so little to be trusted." She rushed to her aunt's defense. "You must not blame my aunt. Lydia's thoughtlessness first betrayed to me that you had been concerned in the matter; and, of course, I could not rest till I knew the particulars. Let me thank you again and again, in the name of all my family, for that generous compassion which induced you to take so much trouble, and bear so many mortifications, for the sake of discovering them." "If you will thank me," he replied, "let it be for yourself alone. That the wish of giving happiness to you might add force to the other inducements which led me on, I shall not attempt to deny. But your family owe me nothing. Much as I respect them, I believe I thought only of you." When Elizabeth said nothing, Darcy took a deep breath and continued. "You are too generous to trifle with me. If your feelings are still what they were last April, tell me so at once. My affections and wishes are unchanged, but one word from you will silence me on this subject for ever." There. He had said it. It was up to her to tell him how they would proceed. Elizabeth was nearly overwhelmed, but she exerted herself to speak. "My feelings they are so different now. I am thankful thankful and pleased to hear what you say of your own sentiments. Your silence on the subject is the last thing I would wish, sir." Darcy smiled. "Then I shall not be silent." He spoke as well as he could about his affection for her, and soon they were conversing more fluently. He told her of his aunt's visit and how her relation of Elizabeth's arguments gave him the hope that brought him back to Hertfordshire and to Longbourn. "I knew enough of your disposition to be certain, that had you been absolutely, irrevocably decided against me, you would have acknowledged it to Lady Catherine, frankly and openly." Elizabeth acknowledged the truth of this, with a blush and a laugh. They walked and talked until, realizing that they should have turned back toward Longbourn some time ago, they hurried back. Their long absence was noticed by Jane, but a simple excuse from Elizabeth was enough to dispel any further talk on the subject. Darcy and Bingley stayed for dinner and before long it was time for the gentlemen to return to Netherfield. "Well, Darcy," Bingley said, as they rode away from Longbourn, "I need not have feared that you would not be well entertained today. I ought to have known, after seeing her at Pemberley, that Miss Elizabeth would have been perfectly good company for you." Darcy couldn't suppress a smile. "Better than good, Bingley." Bingley raised an eyebrow. "Is that so? Better than good?" "Indeed," he answered. "That is quite a smile you're wearing. Care to tell me about it?" Darcy studied his friend's face for a moment. "Why not? he concluded. "You will understand me better than anyone." "Continue, then. You have me mightily curious." "Very well. It is fitting that you should be the first to know that Miss Elizabeth Bennet has accepted my proposal of marriage." "Congratulations, my friend! I do, indeed, understand you. I hope you won't mind if I speak a little like our friend Sir William Lucas when I declare that you and I have chosen two of the loveliest ladies in the county." Darcy laughed. "I don't mind anything at this moment." Bingley's brow furrowed a little. "But, Darcy, I wouldn't believe you if you told me you thought so highly of her from the beginning. When can this have happened?" Darcy grimaced. "You are quite right. I am not proud of my graceless remark the first time I saw her, when you so obligingly pointed me in her direction as a possible dance partner." Bingley laughed. "I remember that! Pray that she never hears of it." "I'm afraid she did. I wasn't taking any care to lower my voice. Fool that I was." "You've changed, my friend." "I hope so," Darcy mused. "But believe me when I tell you that my affection for her is not the work of a moment. I have admired her for some time, but she did not always care for me. Quite the opposite, in fact. But I have somehow managed to redeem myself in her eyes." "I'm glad of it. I had hoped you could find someone to make you as happy as I am, but this will be the best of all endings. We shall be brothers, Darcy!" Darcy couldn't speak immediately, in response to his friend's exclamation. He had come to realize that he had not valued Bingley as he ought, but in the face of this proof of the younger man's good nature, and still feeling all of the good fortune of Elizabeth's acceptance, he was speechless. Bingley didn't notice. "Well, you've surprised me, Darcy, but this is the best sort of surprise. Now I understand what you meant by 'better than good.'" "Indeed," Darcy managed. "And I insist that we toast your good fortune as soon as we arrive at Netherfield." Darcy found his voice. "I won't argue with that. But, Bingley, you mustn't tell anyone yet. I've not yet spoken to her father." "Of course." "It won't be long. I intend to approach Mr. Bennet tomorrow." "Best wishes, then. I daresay you shan't have any trouble. He was perfectly agreeable to me when I asked him for his eldest daughter and I'm not nearly as rich or distinguished as you are." Darcy had some concerns about his impending meeting with Elizabeth's father, but he didn't mention them to his friend. Tonight he would drink a toast to his future with Elizabeth. The rest he would worry about tomorrow. To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a few minutes.
Thanks for your reviews and support! I hope you enjoy this installment. At his host's invitation, Darcy entered the library and closed the door behind him. "Mr. Darcy," Mr. Bennet greeted him pleasantly. "What can I do for you?" "I will not waste your time with small talk, sir," he replied. "Your daughter Elizabeth has accepted my offer of marriage and I now seek your consent." Mr. Bennet's eyebrows rose. "Elizabeth, you say? Are you quite sure?" Darcy tried not to show his confusion. "Yes, I am sure. I am fully capable of providing for her and beyond that it is also my wish and my plan to make her happy. You may apply to Mr. Bingley for proof of my character and I can provide any documentation you desire to show that as my wife she will want for nothing." He wasn't sure what he should say, beyond that. He had never been in the position of trying to prove his wealth. It seemed to be common knowledge wherever he went. "I'm sure you are well able to provide for my daughter, Mr. Darcy. But Elizabeth is of a playful disposition. I beg your pardon for what may seem an impertinence, but are you certain she has really accepted you?" "Yes, sir, I am, but may I say that if my assurances are not sufficient, you might apply to your daughter for the truth of the matter." Darcy had imagined this conversation ahead of time, but it had gone much differently in his mind. "You may be sure that I will. But you have my consent." Darcy sighed in relief, unable to suppress a smile. "Thank you, sir. You will not regret it." Mr. Bennet looked grave. "Well, that's as may be." "I have come prepared to discuss settlements, if you wish, or we could leave that for another day." "Another day, if you please," the older man said, closing his eyes and touching his temple as though he were suffering from a dreadful headache. "But for now, send Elizabeth to me." "Yes, sir. I thank you, sir." Darcy left the room, wondering over the odd conversation he had just taken part in. Mr. Bennet had given his consent to the marriage, but he didn't seem happy about it. Finding Elizabeth looking anxious over a bit of needlework, he whispered her father's wish to her and she got up immediately and went to the library. Darcy looked around the room. The younger girls were occupied and Bingley and Jane sat talking together. He approached the couple and they invited him to join them. He took a seat with the two people present who knew of his engagement to Elizabeth. "Darcy, is everything alright?" Bingley asked. "You have a bewildered look about you." "Everything is fine," he said, with a glance toward the library. "Or at least I believe it will be." Jane seemed somehow to understand his apprehension. "Lizzy is my father's favorite, you see, Mr. Darcy. This day was never going to be easy for him." "Thank you, Miss Bennet," Darcy replied quietly. The minutes seemed like hours as he struggled to make conversation with his companions, but at last Elizabeth appeared and scattered all of his apprehensions with her beautiful smile. He knew now that all would be well. She had reconciled her father to their marriage and they would be happy. Elizabeth made a sign to him that she would return and disappeared for a half hour or so. When she came back to the drawing room, she was calm and content. She would tell her mother tonight and the rest of the family, and thereby the world in general, tomorrow. ##### "I am likely to want more time than courage, Elizabeth." It was perfectly true - he was not short on the courage necessary to announce something to his aunt that he knew would be distasteful to her. However, Darcy did wonder how she would reply. She was not accustomed to being thwarted and his letter was likely to make her very angry. He placed several letters on the silver tray with the post that would be sent out in the morning and made his way to Bingley's dining room. For once they were dining at Netherfield rather than Longbourn and, although he didn't like to be away from Elizabeth any longer than necessary, it was pleasant to have a quiet dinner from time to time. After dinner and some brandy with his friend, Darcy went to bed, thinking about the possible replies he might receive to his letters. He looked forward to Georgiana's letter the most, because she already knew and liked Elizabeth. There was no question that she would approve of his marriage and that meant a great deal to him. The other two - Lady Catherine and his uncle Lord Matlock - were less certain. He knew what his aunt would likely say, but he had no idea how far she would take her expressions of wrath. His uncle was more reasonable than Lady Catherine, but he held some of the same prejudices she did, so there was no telling how he would reply. Darcy could only hope his relations would keep the dramatics to a minimum. Included in the letters to be sent tomorrow was also a letter to Col. Fitzwilliam. Lord Matlock was his father, so he would certainly hear of the engagement from that direction, but Darcy had decided to post a short message to his cousin as well. Darcy was closer to Lord Matlock's younger son than to anyone else in that family, not to mention that the Colonel knew Elizabeth. He had a feeling Fitzilliam would be ranged among his supporters, no matter how his noble father felt about the match. ##### Dear Lady Catherine, I must trouble you for congratulations. Miss Elizabeth Bennet has accepted my marriage proposal and we will soon be joined in holy matrimony. I hope you can reconcile yourself to my choice. You will be very welcome to attend our wedding. Your affectionate nephew, F. Darcy ##### Dear Georgiana, I have tidings which I know will please you. I am only ashamed that I did not write you immediately, but I have been busy and distracted. I hope you can forgive me. My news is this: Miss Elizabeth Bennet has accepted my marriage proposal. I think you will be pleased with such a sister. She has four sisters herself and I have seen her love and care for them. She has told me that she looks forward with pleasure to the time when she can call you sister and join our little family party at Pemberley. I admit that I wish with impatience that such time will come sooner than later. I can only think how cozy we will be, with just yourself, Elizabeth, and Mrs. Annesley for company. I hope that Mrs. Annesley will have some family or friends to visit during the holiday season, for which she will of course be released without any loss of pay, but she is a most respectable and amiable woman who will be welcome as part of our family party at any time. We will be married in Hertfordshire, of course, so you shall come to Netherfield in a few months to celebrate our marriage. It will be a double wedding, so you will be able to see the beauty who stole Bingley's heart. She is no match for my Elizabeth, when it comes down to which sister is handsomest. Of course, both Bingley and I are biased observers. Perhaps you will make an objective ruling. I jest, of course, but I look forward to having you with us at Netherfield and then at Pemberley. Your affectionate brother, F. Darcy ##### My lord Matlock, I am pleased to announce to you that I will soon be married. My future wife is Miss Elizabeth Bennet, second daughter of Gordon Bennet of Longbourn in Hertfordshire. You may have heard already from Lady Catherine, who threatened to write you in an attempt to persuade me not to pursue Miss Bennet, but I hope you will make your own judgment of her. It is true that she is not of distinguished family, but she is a lady of uncommon intelligence and charm. Colonel Fitzwilliam has met the lady, for she was visiting her good friend who had just married my aunt's parson when Fitzwilliam and I were at Rosings for our annual visit. I can imagine it concerns you to hear that I am engaged to be married to a woman you do not know, but let me assure you that this is not a passing infatuation with a pretty face, but a match based very much on mutual respect and love. I wish you and your family good health and happiness. You will be welcome to attend our wedding. I hope you will honor us with your presence. Sincerely, F. Darcy ##### Dear Edward, By this time you may already have heard my news from your father, but I wanted to send tidings to you myself regardless. I hope you will congratulate me on my engagement to Miss Elizabeth Bennet. The response of my family may be mixed, but I hope you will support me. The marriage will take place with or without their approval, but from you it would mean a great deal. Sincerely, F. Darcy To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments.
I had to look up Gordon Bennett to see why one reader laughed at the name. I was unfamiliar with the phrase. I just had a picture in my mind of Benjamin Whitrow as Mr. Bennet and I thought he looked like a Gordon. A funny coincidence! To the reviewer who asked about why Elizabeth left for a half hour, I got that from the book. After she talked to her father, she went to her room for quiet reflection before returning to the drawing room (or whatever room everyone was sitting in after dinner). Dear Fitzwilliam, I have been hoping to receive such a letter from you and now here it is. I am overjoyed. I suspected that it might happen soon. Will you forgive me, brother, when I confess to a bit of unladylike conduct? When Aunt Catherine called last week and you took her to the drawing room, I happened to be in the music room, practicing. As you know, the music room and the drawing room are adjacent. I strained to hear your voice, but I heard her ladyship loud and clear. I abandoned any pretense of practicing so I could listen to the conversation through the wall. I heard your last words to her before you left her alone. I stayed quietly in the music room until she had gone off to find her maid. You bid me goodbye when you left for Hertfordshire the next day and I wouldn't have been able to guess the reason, after you had counseled patience, except for Lady Catherine's visit. She wanted you to be disgusted by Miss Elizabeth's behavior, but it must have rather given you hope that she might accept you. Poor Lady Catherine! What will she say? I cannot wait to visit Netherfield for the wedding. Tell me, brother, is there any way I might visit sooner than that? Perhaps I ask too much. I know little about wedding preparations and whether I might get in the way. You will know best, brother. You must be teasing when you suggest I would be an unbiased observer of the beauty of the two eldest Bennet sisters. I am sure the eldest is quite lovely, but I am certain I shall always think Miss Elizabeth the prettiest. I shall put the thought out of my mind. I don't think it really matters who is handsomer. They will both be made happy on the same day, and that sort of happiness I would think must make any woman beautiful. All that aside, I do wish that Miss Elizabeth shall love me like another sister, and I shall try to be the best sister to her. I wouldn't presume to replace any of the sisters she already has, but there must be room in a loving heart like hers for a fifth sister, don't you think? I certainly hope so. And I imagine that she will sometimes want to invite friends or family to visit Pemberley. Do you suppose Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner might visit Pemberley? I did not speak with them for very long, but they did seem such kind people, and on affectionate terms with Miss Elizabeth. Her sister and Mr. Bingley I understand will stay at Netherfield, but perhaps they will visit Pemberley as well. Mr. Bingley, of course, I know better than the others and I shall be glad to see him as well, probably more so, now that he is to be married. I have sometimes had the feeling that Miss Bingley was making hints that she expected me to marry her brother! It made me most uncomfortable. As happy as I know you are, I do not wish to be married anytime soon. I am glad to see Mr. Bingley made happy as well, as I always valued him as your friend and one of the most good natured people I know. Brother, please tell Miss Elizabeth how happy I am to learn of your engagement and how much I wish to be a true sister to her. Your affectionate sister, G. Darcy #### Darcy, You are correct that my first concern was that you had contracted a rash engagement. However, I ought to have known better, knowing you as I do. I also know that you understand your duty and I hope that Miss Elizabeth Bennet is worthy of the Darcy name. That is one of the chief concerns for a man in your position, with a young sister to protect. You tell me that she is not of a distinguished family, which naturally worries me, but I shall do as you ask and reserve judgment until I meet your intended bride. You know yourself the demands of a landowner and I hope you will understand if I cannot attend. I am sure the Colonel will be there, as he has nothing but good to say of Miss Bennet. My second son is sometimes a disappointment to me, but I would be doing him an injustice if I did not acknowledge that he is a sound judge of character. Her ladyship has a busy social calendar, but she has informed me that she has always wondered what sort of woman would meet your exacting standards and that she would not miss it for the world. As I have said, I will withhold my judgment of the bride until I have met her, but as your wife she is due a certain respect and you may expect that I will show it to her. You are correct in assuming that Lady Catherine wrote me, attempting to enlist my aid in preventing this marriage. However, she tends to exaggerate and, sister or no, I don't always take her at her word, especially when it comes to the most important things. I send my salutations to you and Miss Bennet. Sincerely, Matlock ##### Darcy, You may count on both my congratulations and my support. I knew Miss Bennet would be snapped up sooner or later by some lucky man, in spite of her unfortunate relations and lack of fortune. I am just glad it is you, cousin, and I admire you for appreciating Miss Bennet as she deserves. I wasn't always certain whether you and the lady were friends, when we all met at Rosings, but it seems you have found your way into her good graces. My best wishes and salutations to you and Miss Bennet. Sincerely, E. Fitzwilliam ##### Darcy, I am outraged that you have chosen to go against the express wishes of your entire family by forming an engagement with that woman. She is unfit to be your wife and Pemberley's mistress by any measure. Her fortune is small and her family undistinguished and vulgar. Her character is reprehensible. Such an immodest and headstrong young person I have never met  and so very artful that I did not detect the sum of her defects at our first meeting. The woman is clearly far too outspoken, but after my last meeting with her I was convinced of her wicked and intractable disposition. Her behavior will certainly grow worse over time. You should break the engagement at once, but I fear you are stubborn and more foolish than I would wish. If you choose to be connected to that woman for the rest of your life, I will take charge of your sister. She is young and impressionable, and will be poisoned by constant contact with such a sister-in-law as you propose to inflict on her. Send Georgiana to Rosings where I will superintend her education and coming out into society. Your innocent sister I will welcome into my home. However, you and that woman will neither be invited here, nor received if you should call. It is shocking that Pemberley will be tainted by her presence, but I will not allow the disease to infect Rosings as well. I cast you off, Darcy, unless you heed my words as I once again advise you to abandon that woman. I am most seriously displeased. Lady Catherine de Bourgh ##### Darcy was shocked by his aunt's language. He had known that she would be angry, but he did not expect that she would speak so abusively about Elizabeth. His reply to her invective was brief and to the point. ##### Dear Madam, I am surprised and displeased at your offensive language. I will not allow my fiance or wife to be so insulted. I demand that you refrain from any attempt to contact Miss Bennet, Miss Darcy, or me, in writing or otherwise. F. Darcy To be continued... Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments.
Thank you for reading my story, whether you've been following it for six years or just happened upon it for the first time today. The first chapter of this story was the first thing I ever posted on fanfiction dot net and I intended it as a one-shot, but there was some disagreement from reviewers about this decision and I decided to keep going. Now I have posted forty-something stories in several different fandoms. I never would have guessed six years ago how important writing fanfiction would become to me. But that's enough rambling. You've come here to read Elizabeth and Darcy's happily ever after and it starts here... Darcy woke early on his wedding day. Soon Netherfield house would begin to stir and preparations would be made for today's celebrations. Bingley's sisters and Mr. Hurst had been present for a week or so, as had Georgiana. Other Bingley, Darcy, and Bennet relations were lodged in various homes and inns in the district. But in this quiet moment, Darcy reflected on what he was about to do. He had always hoped he might marry for love, and he was about to do just that. He would forsake all others and cleave only to her, but her presence in his life would benefit more than just himself. Georgiana would have the sister she always wished for. Pemberley and all its people would have a mistress. And his children would have a wonderful mother. He knew just how many people depended on him, as the master of Pemberley, for their livelihoods and happiness, and by marrying Elizabeth he would give these people a second champion. She would need a little time to become acclimated to her new position as mistress of a great estate, but he didn't foresee it taking much longer than it would take Elizabeth to charm Mrs. Reynolds into acting as her guide - a half hour at most. Darcy smiled. He couldn't think of anything about his upcoming marriage that he didn't look forward to. Even introducing Elizabeth to Lady Matlock yesterday (and her husband a month later) felt like a challenge to be faced and overcome together. Soon Darcy's valet was dressing him in his wedding clothes and he and Bingley were taken to the church together. Bingley was fidgety, but the smile on his face confirmed that he was eager, rather than nervous. Darcy was by nature more reserved, but his own sentiments were quite similar. When they descended from the carriage, they shared a firm handshake. "Good fortune to you, Darcy." "And to you, my friend." They made their way into the church and waited. The organ signaled the arrival of the brides, escorted, each on one arm, by their proud father. Darcy closed his eyes for a moment after his first glance at Elizabeth, for a split second wondering if this were real and not a dream. He knew, of course, that he was really, truly just where he ought to be - in the Meryton church, about to be bound by an eternal vow to the radiant woman now standing beside him. Before he knew it, they were married and being whisked away to the wedding breakfast at Longbourn. Darcy was smiling more than was characteristic of him, and he felt sure some of the guests were quite surprised to see him so, after their experience with what he liked to think of as his former self - proud, arrogant, and foolish: proud of his supposed superiority, arrogant when it came to the feelings of those outside his own circle of friends, and foolish for thinking that such behavior was acceptable. Darcy could sense Elizabeth's tension as she tried to shield him from some of her relations. When at last they were seated together to join in the feast, she relaxed and enjoyed the rest of the celebration. It was a noisy but pleasant affair. Mrs. Bennet fluttered about the room in her usual state of silliness, but she was subdued enough by the presence of a countess in her home that she managed not to offend any of her guests or embarrass her daughters. Darcy even noted with satisfaction a fairly sensible conversation going on between Georgiana and Kitty Bennet. Darcy made these minor observations, but in truth he paid little attention to anyone but Elizabeth. He was not always looking at her, but he was very aware of her presence as he sat beside her at the breakfast table. When they were not at table, she did not spend every moment at his side, but he always knew where she was in the room, even when his attention was focused on someone else. He began to feel impatient to get away from this gathering. He was happy to be celebrating his marriage, but was ready to begin their new life. At last, the time to depart drew near. Elizabeth and Jane went upstairs together to prepare for their departure. Jane would only be traveling the three miles to Netherfield today, setting out on her wedding trip the next day. Elizabeth's journey would be longer, as she and Darcy planned to travel directly from Hertfordshire to Derbyshire. The sisters changed out of their wedding gowns and shared a few last private moments together before going back downstairs to say farewell to their guests. Goodbyes were said, and Jane and Elizabeth embraced while their husbands shook hands and wished each other well. Finally, Darcy handed his wife up into his carriage and they set out. Elizabeth was not afraid to look at her husband, but she suddenly seemed a little shy of him. Darcy thought he could understand her feelings. They had been alone together before, but it was all different now. They were not expected back from a walk by dinnertime and in a carriage they had almost complete privacy from the world. Husband and wife sat side by side, regarding each other seriously. Darcy moved first, taking Elizabeth's hand in his. She smiled and blushed slightly, looking away, and began to talk awkwardly of roads and traveling. Darcy did not answer Elizabeth's inquiries about how far they might travel before being obliged to stop for the night. He only continued to look at her, and lifted her hand to his lips and kissed it. Elizabeth looked up at Darcy and colored again under the intensity of his gaze, but she did not look away this time. "You are beautiful, Mrs. Darcy," he said. "I should like to kiss you." Whatever spell had rendered Elizabeth shy and awkward was broken by these words. She paused for a few moments before answering. "I should like it very much if you did, Mr. Darcy." So Darcy did. The end. Please leave a review if you can spare a few moments. Thanks!
