A/n: Im sorry. I fail at this. Im using my pjone since i dont have a computer. Hope tgis works! It was a sunny day in Hertfordshire and a certain young lady in the habit of rising early and taking long solitary walks was up and about. Elizabeth Bennet, dressed herself in a walking dress and her handy boots that her mother had given her for her birthday. With all the romping about that she did, her slippers were always in ruin. With some paper and pencil in hand, she made her way to the kitchen to grab a roll as was her custom in the morning. She made her way out of the kitchen and into the backyard towards her favorite morning trail. The surrounding wilderness of her home, Longbourne, was untouched and serene. She reveled in the solitude and quiet of the morning and took her time walking to her favorite spot. Oakham mount was a hill overlooking the vast expanse of land that her father had managed to acquire through good business sense and proper estate management. The view included a sight of Meryton, a small town near the estate, and of Netherfield, another estate that was acquired by her father some years ago. It was a beautiful house which all of the Bennets admired. It was the biggest estate in the county and there was even talk of moving there. However, all but the youngest preferred to stay in the house where they grew up in. There was a slight breeze in the air and the sun was slowly making its way up the sky. When she reached her destination, she took a moment to look at all the beauty that nature had to offer and appreciate the simplicity of it. The way the light travels through the leaves of the trees, how blue the sky is or how the small town blended into the great majesty of nature. She looked at Netherfield and saw a great house of stone. Its lines were straight and the gardens surrounding it looked beautiful from afar. All this she kept in her mind, thinking about how the lines and planes meet and how all the colors mixed together. She sat down at her favorite spot, a bench that her father had built at the bottom of an old oak tree that grew on top of the hill. She put the paper on her lap and started drawing. This is what she loves to do. Since she was young, she had always had a fondness for it. She had not the talent to express her emotions through words and she found that drawings did a better job. She would give her mother or father drawings to show what she felt. She would give her siblings drawings whenever she wanted to say sorry or show her excitement or appreciation. She started with just doodling but as she got older, her family found that she had quite a talent for it. Their governess, Mrs. Halloway, taught her as much as she could. But when the student surpassed the teacher, it was suggested that she be sent to London to benefit from the Masters. She was sent to live with her Aunt Marianne, her mother's elder sister, and her family while she was there. It did wonders for her talent although It took her away from home for most of the year. That is why she walks out every morning and spends as much time as possible with her family when she comes home. She was doing a rough sketch of Netherfield when she heard the sound of hooves on the path and saw Jane and Edward riding up. Trailing behind her brother was her horse, Brown. "Good Morning Lizzy!" greeted Jane and Edward as they approached their sister. "Good Morning Jane, Edward! I see you have brought Brown along." "Yes, we thought you'd like to join us for a ride." answered Jane. Lizzie smiled. "Of course. And I shall leave you both coughing behind in my dust." She said as she mounted. Jane smiled and Edward replied. "We shall see who is left in the dust." They galloped through the fields enjoying each others company and the warm sunshine. Mr. Bennet had ridden very often when he was younger and so the older children were exposed to horses at an early age. The three older Bennets enjoyed riding around the estate or on the fields beyond. It was Jane though who had the best seat, even better than their brother, which he stubbornly denies. Back in Longbourn, the rest of the household have also risen. After breaking their fast, the younger girls stayed in the Morning room. Mary, the next born after the twins, was on the piano practicing her scales while Catherine, the second to the youngest, was engrossed in reading a book that Elizabeth had recommended. Lydia, the youngest of the Bennet children, was mending one of her bonnets. Mrs. Bennet was in Mr. Bennet's study reading a book while her husband was checking the accounts. "My dear, there is a gentleman who would like to view the Netherfield estate." said Mr. Bennet. Mrs. Bennet looked up from the book she was reading and said. "Indeed? Are you finally going to have someone rent it?" "Yes dear. Since our family has decided to stay at Longbourne, I think it wise to have the house generate income." "Well, let us prepare for Lydia's outburst then, as she is surely not to like it." Replied Mrs. Bennet with a mischievous glint to her eye. "So you are not in disagreement to have it rented out?" "Not at all my dear. I much prefer it here in Longbourn. We are quite comfortable and I do not see the need for all that space. This has always been our house. Perhaps we can have additional wings built onto Longbourn when need for more space arises." "Indeed, you are right my dear. I have the same thoughts. I just wanted to know your opinion on the matter." Mrs. Bennet smiled at her husband as thanks and went back to reading her book. Mr. Bennet smiled and thought how fortunate he was to have such a wife. It is not often in todays society to marry someone who you both love and respect. They met when they were both coincidentally in London. He was attending a ball that he was made to go to by his mother who wanted him to find a bride and settle down. It was not that he did not want to settle down, it was just that he had not found the woman that he wanted to settle down with. All that changed when he saw a beautiful lady walk in wearing a blue muslin gown with matching gloves, her golden hair was tied up in a bun but there were little ringlets that fell around her heart shaped face. There was a sprinkling of small blue flowers on her hair and it made her look fairy-like. She certainly bewitched George Bennet and he resolved to find a way to get introduced to her. Frances Gardener on the other hand was excited to be going to the ball. Her father had an estate in Leicestershire and she was the youngest of 5 siblings. It was not often that they visited London but since her sister is to be wed to the Duke, they were obliged to come. It was only her second ball in London and she loved dancing and socializing and meeting new people. On that particular ball however, she was introduced to Mr. George Bennet, who it turns out, was a long time family friend. She fancied herself in love at first sight. In the days after the ball, they both managed to see each other in other events in town. He finally found the courage to court her and the rest is history. A knock sounded on the door pulling Mr. Bennet from his thoughts. He bade permission to enter and in came Edward. "Papa, have you made a decision about Netherfield yet? I have to write Bingley so that he can make the journey here." he asked. "Ah so you know the gentleman who is to rent the house Edward?" Asked Mrs. Bennet. "Yes Mama. He is an alumnus of Cambridge and I met him while he was visiting the campus a few years ago. I was talking to him of our recent acquisition of the estate and how we were thinking whether to move or have it rented. As it was, I told him that I had a preference for Longbourn so he offered that he was looking for an estate to rent and it seemed like the perfect opportunity." Mrs. Bennet nodded and replied "Well, it's all settled then. Tell him that he can stay here as our guest for the time that he views the estate." "Yes Mama, I shall go and write to him." He was about to leave but suddenly remembered. "May another friend of ours stay as well? I am sure that Bingley will want his opinion." Mrs. Bennet replied in the affirmative and with that, he left the study to go write his letters. At luncheon, the announcement was made that Netherfield was to be let at last. The news was received with varying responses. Elizabeth and Jane were happy for the news as it would be nice to see the great house lived in. Mary and Kitty did not really have an opinion on the matter as they liked it at Longbourn and did not really mind what happened to Netherfield. All were happy except for Lydia who shouted "Oh but we should have moved there instead! It is so much grander than Longbourn and Maria would have been so envious!" Mrs. Bennet gave Mr. Bennet a pointed look of amusement and replied to her daughter "We do not need that much space and Longbourn has always been the house of the Bennets ever since your great great grandpapa built it." "La! Who cares about that! I would-" she was cut off by her father telling her to stop complaining as there is nothing she can do about it. "Indeed if we moved there then perhaps I will cut off your allowance to pay for all the extra expenses that would be needed just for the upkeep!" This stopped Lydia at once. As it is, she thought her allowance was not enough for all the bonnets, ribbons and dresses that she wanted to buy. Lydia Bennet was vain, loud and uneconomical. Mrs. Halloway had decided to retire when she was 10 making her the only Bennet girl to not have been under her tutalage for long. Without her influence, the youngest was not as disciplined as the older girls. She was spoiled by her parents and siblings when she was younger because they found her straight forward attitude and stubbornness endearing. Now that she is getting older, the family has been trying to curb her attitude. This however only served to make her annoyed and to act out. After dinner, the family proceeded into the sitting room to spend some time together. Mary went to the piano and started playing. Even from a young age, she had always loved music. Her mother used to tell her that the first time she started walking was towards Elizabeth while she was playing the piano. As she got older, her love for music only grew. Her father offered to send her to town for school but she refused, saying that she still had a lot of things that she can learn by herself. She is now quite proficient at playing though her social skills suffered because of it. In balls and parties, she would rather sit on the piano and play rather than talk or dance. She was beautiful in her own right but it was her air that made it difficult for her to make friends. Those who did not understand her, found her intimidating and aloof. Her family understood that she is just shy and would sometimes be lost in her mind thinking about a melody or a tune. Catherine was sitting near the window still reading the new book that Elizabeth recommended to her. She is the great reader of the family and spends a lot of time in the family library. Much like her brother, she is friendly and outgoing. She gives off the impression of being innocent and fairy like and has a tendency to cut conversations short because her mind likes to wander. She is known to day dream about the books she has read but once she finds the topic of conversation to her liking, she has quite a lot to say. She is also very stubborn and strong-willed like all of her siblings. Jane, Elizabeth and Edward sat together near the fire talking about the gentleman who is to rent the estate. "Mama mentioned that you know the gentleman that is to rent Netherfield, Edward?" asked Elizabeth. "Yes dear sister, and no, he is no fool that would give you hours of quiet enjoyment." Quipped Edward, knowing his twin well. "Come now Edward, I'm sure Lizzie did not ask you to find that out." Jane defended. "Oh but I did!" Elizabeth replied teasingly. "You know me well enough to find entertainment in that Jane." "Well Bingley is, well he's almost like Jane actually. Though less quiet and demure. More like if Jane was a man, then Bingley would be it. He has such a good temper and tries not to find any fault in any one at all!" Edward said teasing his older sister. Jane blushed at the comparison his brother made. "I am not like that at all. I just do not think it wise to make any judgments until one is properly acquainted." Elizabeth laughed. "But even when properly acquainted, you still do not find fault in anyone. Which I find admirable, if I might add. And if there was a male version of you then I would certainly love to meet him!" The twins teased Jane for a little bit but then Edward added "But another friend of ours, Mr. Darcy, is the male version of you Lizzy!" Teased Edward smilingly. "For he is quite taciturn and reserved in company that he is not acquainted with but then improves upon better acquaintance." This time, it was Elizabeth's turn to blush. She was indeed reserved when in company she does not know well. It is simply better to observe and not have to give her opinion of anything as most of the time people take what she says in the wrong light. Though she is very well read and actually finds reading a more enjoyable past time than playing music, it is not in her talents to be able to converse properly and freely with those she is not well acquainted with. It is also the reason why she loves to draw and paint. For in that way, she is able to show people what it is that she wants to convey. She does not have to directly dictate what it is she is trying to say but try to convey it in the best way possible through images and hope that her audience understands. Her success at The Salon seemed to prove this notion. "Well then, I would like to meet Mr. Darcy then. To make the comparison." Teased Jane. "Then you would be lucky in knowing that Bingley would most likely ask Darcy to come along to view the estate. He highly values Darcy's opinion and I am sure in a matter such as this, he would seek it." Edward said in reply. "Does not trust his own judgement then?" Edward thought about it as this statement has crossed his mind once or twice since knowing the gentlemen. "I do not think it is the case. It is only that Darcy is almost always right and is very meticulous when it comes to making decisions." "It is always a good thing to have a friend to ask for help." Jane put in. The twins smiled at Jane's propensity to turn a negative trait to something positive. She saw their smiles and readied herself for more teasing. She dearly missed them when they left for London. The rest of the day was spent much like this, with the twins teasing Jane and vice versa, Kitty reading a book, Mary on the piano or reading a book about music, Lydia complaining that she was bored or mending some bonnet while Mr. and Mrs. Bennet looked on in amusement at their children until it was time to settle in for the night. A few days later, Edward received a reply from his friend Bingley. The letter was a bit hard to read as Bingley had a habit of blotting the ink and writing illegibly. He understood the gist of it however. Bingley was happy that his father had consented to his viewing of the estate and he wanted to thank the Bennets for their hospitality. He also asked if Darcy could come along with him as he wanted his opinion on the estate. I knew it, thought Edward. He informed his father of this and consequently sent a reply that their arrival in the next week would be expected and welcomed. And so, that is how it came to be that Mr. Bingley and Mr. Darcy found themselves in the Bennet household.
It had been raining for a few days but finally, the weather had turned. This necessitated a walk to Elizabeth's favorite haunt. There she stood atop the hill breathing the fresh air and soaking in the warmth of the sunshine. She looked over at Netherfield and its gardens. Today was the day that the gentleman who was to rent the estate would be coming along with his friend. Edward had been telling them about the two gentlemen and Elizabeth's curiosity was peaked. Edward was much like Elizabeth when it came to making new acquaintances. They have a natural reserve where they do not trust people easily. They would try to make out a persons character before attempting to make any judgements. The difference is that Edward is able to interact with new acquaintances easily while Elizabeth only observed. "Mr. Bingley is a jovial man, always smiling and ready to converse. Though he may seem the type to make decisions lightly, he is surprisingly smart and tactful." Edward had said. "Mr. Darcy on the other hand has a more reserved nature, almost seeming to have such inflated pride. Once in company he is comfortable with however, you will find a fellow with a quick mind and loyal heart." "That is praise indeed dear brother, specially coming from you. Now I am all excitement to witness for myself the masks that these men dawn and those traits to be found underneath." Elizabeth answered him. Jane nodded her agreement and found herself excited as well. She was pulled from her thoughts when she heard, rather than saw, the carriage as it made its way from Meryton towards Longbourn. You couldn't miss the pounding of hooves and clattering of the wheels amid the peace of nature. When she spotted the carriage, she followed it with her eyes trying to get a glimpse of the gentlemen who were to be their guests, thinking herself to be too far away to be spotted. The gentlemen in question were peering through the windows of the carriage as well. "Is it not a nice neighborhood Darcy? I know you are the sort to appreciate this sort of greenery. The little town that we passed looked well too." "Indeed Bingley. The scenery is quite endearing." Replied Darcy, who unbeknownst to his friend, was currently observing a certain lady on top of a hill. From what he could tell, she had a lithe and pleasing figure and the sight of her dress and hair blowing in the wind arrested his sensibilities. He shook the feeling off and said "From what we have seen so far, I look forward to viewing the estate. Of course meeting Bennet's family is an added factor as well." "Yes, indeed. The stories he has told of his 5 sisters were very amusing and I look forward to making their acquaintance." Bingley answered in his usual cheer. Darcy nodded and looked back at the hill to find that the lady was gone. He was surprised to find that he felt some disappointment. The road took a bend and after some minutes, they arrived at the house. There was a very nice garden further ahead of the path which looked to have been trimmed artfully as the bush was made into an arch which marked its entrance. It captured Darcy's attention as it seemed certain to be of man's doing though the way it was designed looked very natural, same as the flowers. He even thought that it would suit Pemberley since the great house is styled to fit nature instead of the other way around which is how most estates are like nowadays. "Bingley! Darcy! Welcome to my humble abode." Greeted Edward as he came out from the front door while the gentlemen got out of the carriage. Following behind him was an older gentleman and a lady. They were introduced as Mr. George and Frances Bennet. "Father, mother these are my good friends Mr. Charles Bingley and Mr. Darcy of Pemberley in Derbyshire." "It's a pleasure to meet you Sir, Mrs. Bennet." Bingley said while shaking Mr. Bennet's hand and giving Mrs. Bennet a bow. Mr. Darcy gave them both a bow as well. "If all goes well, you would soon be adding to my income. So, the pleasure is all mine. I trust that your journey was not too tiresome?" Mr. Bennet replied teasingly and then nodded at Mr. Darcy. "No, not at all. I find the distance from London very convenient as it would be easy to go back and forth when business needs me." Bingley answered happily. Edward smiled and invited them to come inside. At that point, Elizabeth walked in through the front gate and found that she was right about the carriage that passed by. She approached the party, throwing glances at the two gentlemen, trying to make initial observations before being introduce. The man with the blonde hair was smiling and looked very friendly. The other man, who had dark brown hair and was standing behind the first gentleman, looked a little tense. His back was straight and he looked sharp in his clothes. As she got nearer, the gentleman turned and she saw a look of surprise on his face but it was gone as soon as it came replaced with the mask that Edward had talked about. Her brother turned as well and saw her approach "I see you are back from your walk right on time Lizzy! This is Mr. Charles Bingley and Mr. Darcy of Pemberley. Gentlemen, this is my twin sister Elizabeth Bennet." "Twin! You never mentioned that one of your sisters was your twin!" Bingley exclaimed. "Well, it would have become obvious once you saw her. We have the same hair and eye color. Our pallor is the same and though I am a few inches taller, we are both thin no matter how much we eat!" Elizabeth curtsied to the gentlemen and gave Edward a glare before standing beside her Father. They all made their way into the Morning room where the rest of the Bennet brood were seated. Edward introduced the rest of his sisters Miss Jane Bennet, Miss Mary Bennet, Miss Catherine Bennet and Miss Lydia Bennet who appeared to be shooting Mr. Bingley with pointed flirtatious stares. Mr. Bingley however, seemed to only have eyes for Jane. He was trying his best not to stare but it was obvious to those who were observant enough to notice. In turn, Jane seemed to be blushing and trying not to stare at Mr. Bingley as well. This did not go unnoticed by Mrs. Bennet, knowing that her eldest rarely showed interest in anyone. She put into mind to observe the two to see where it goes. Elizabeth observed the two gentlemen and found Edward's description quiyr accurate. Mr. Bingley kept the conversation going and would include everyone, including herself, though she replied very little. As for the other fellow, Mr. Darcy, he looked very serious and as tensed as she observed a while ago. When she caught his eyes however, peculiar things happened to her that she did not understand. His eyes were a very deep blue which caused a feeling in her chest that she could not place. Her heart beat increased and her palms became sweaty. He looked at her straight in the eye as well and suddenly looked very uncomfortable, much like how she felt at the moment. After a few moments, she looked down on the ground and pondered why it was so hard to look away from Mr. Darcy and what exactly it is that she was feeling in her chest. Darcy on the other hand, observed that this definitely was the woman he saw atop the hill a while ago. He found her to be even more enticing up close which surprised him. It had been a very long time since he was attracted to anyone. There was something about her, specially her eyes that took a bright green hue. It was different somehow, looked almost ethereal. He realized how long he had been staring at her when she looked away and down to the ground. She looked as uncomfortable as he felt and found it peculiar that he thought it was comforting to know that he was not the only one feeling uncomfortable. He started looking around the outside of the estate so as to take his mind away from the interesting lady in front of him. After all the introductions were made, the gentlemen were given a short tour around the house before being led to their rooms to refresh themselves. While on the tour, Mr. Darcy found the household to be tastefully decorated but lived in. Much like how he feels in his homes. He specially liked the library as it looked well stocked and well used. An avid reader would be able to notice when a library is neglected or merely there for display. The Bennets' library looked like it was used on a regular basis which gave him great comfort. His opinion was that a house whose library looked worn and well used was a household who would provide good conversation. He also noticed that those rooms used by the whole family looked tidy but at the same time very welcoming, where you would not be afraid to make use of it. He was given a room on the 2nd floor and he thought it was very comfortable and to his taste. The view was of the garden that he saw before coming inside. He admired the arch once more and saw that the garden itself was impressive. He found that he rather liked the Bennets upon first acquaintance, which he cannot say for most people. He met Edward through Bingley and the first time he met the lad, he knew he was the sort that could be trusted and relied upon to make smart decisions despite his age. The first conversation they had was about estate management. It was surprising since most gentlemen his age and background were busy gambling and whoring. Darcy found him interesting and he thought it was nice to find a young man of the same mind and proper attitude. From a young age, he was forced to take over the management of his estate since his father died when he was not two and twenty. In the course of their friendship, Darcy found out why Edward was this way. With 5 sisters and an entail to the male line, it is no wonder why he was doing his best to learn what he can as much as he can. It also shows how much his family means to him. So when Bingley told him that he was going to the country and staying with the Bennets to view a prospective estate to rent, he agreed to come at once, curious to see what sort of environment Edward grew up in and what sort of people his family are like. He did not miss how affectionate Mr. and Mrs. Bennet were and he found their relationship similar to what his parents had shared. His sisters seemed to be genteel, though the youngest had been trying to flirt with Bingley. He put it up to her young age. He would not mind getting to know them more, they seemed like good people and did not show any mercenary attitude. It was the sort that was lacking in the Ton. He most specially wanted to get to know a certain lady with the lovely green eyes and he could not help but think of the effect she had on him. In the sitting room, the Bennets were taking some refreshment. There were cold meats and cheeses laid out for anyone who would like to partake. The gentlemen entered, having refreshed themselves and was greeted by Edward. They were in front of one of the windows while the ladies were each engrossed in their own past times when Darcy observed. "That archway is beautifully crafted Bennet. It looks natural and yet one could see how skillfully it was made to look that way." "Yes. It was made by Elizabeth actually." Darcy was surprised at the information and it must have shown in his face. "She is the artist of the family and she enjoys gardening as well. Most of the paintings hung up on the walls in the house were all done by her as well." Darcy was impressed as he had observed the paintings while they were touring the house. "The painting in my room as well?" He asked curiously as he distincly remembered it being signed by one of the most famous artist in tge last 5 years, EBGardener. "Why, yes. That was one of her first paintings..." Edward suddenly stopped and realized his blunder. He looked at Darcy alarmed. "I gather that Miss Elizabeth is EBGardener?" Darcy asked calmly but was actually reeling at the information he recieved. Edwaed was hesitant to confirm but he had already been caught out. In a lowerrd voice he said. "Please do not tell anyone who EBGardener actually is. Elizabeth does not like the fame. Our uncle only persuaded her to exhibit since he found her works so incredible. Her one condition is that she remain anonymous." "Do not worry Bennet. Your secret is safe with me." "I know. But she will be mad at me for my slip." Edward looked so worried that Darcy had to smile and unconsiously looked at Elizabeth. Elizabeth was looking at the gentleman when he did and felt a fluttering in her stomach. He is handsome when he smiles. She caught herself thinking and blushed at the thought. "Are you alright Lizzy? You seem a little red. Do you have fever?" Lydia asked loudly enough for everyone to hear. "I'm fine. Please excuse me, I need some air." With that, she rushed out of the room. "Did she hear me?" Edward said quietly to himself. Darcy wanted to rush out and follow her but he knew it was improper seeing as he had only met her today. He wondered at why he felt so protective of her. In the meantime, Jane had excused herself and went to check on her sister. She noticed that Elizabeth had been acting strangely since the gentlemen arrived. Sure enough, Jane found her sister in the garden, on the swing that their father had set up for them when they were little. "Is something the matter Lizzie?" She asked when she was close enough. "No. I simply needed some air. You know how I am with crowds." "Yes, I do. And you normally just stay quiet and observe everyone. That is not what happened this time." Elizabeth stayed quiet and her sister knew not to push. "Whatever it is Lizzy, i'm here when you are ready talk." Jane sat down on the bench nearby and kept her sister company. The view from one of the windows in the morning room showed the two sisters to advantage. Darcy was observing them when Edward and Bingley came up to him. "Did you see the estate that I talked to you about Darcy?" Edward asked. "Yes. From what I saw from the carriage it looked well maintained on the outside. The gardens and the house were well kept. A tour of the grounds and the inside of the house would give way to better judgement though." Darcy answered. "The inside is very clean, though would need a bit of updating. I will try and schedule a viewing by this week if you prefer." "Are you two talking of Halberg Manor? You were planning to purchase property in the area Darcy?" Bingley asked. "'Tis for my cousin Colonel Fitzwilliam. Seems he wants to get out of the army now since he has accumulated enough wealth to purchase an estate." "Ah, well that is good news. It would be nice to have him as a neighbor then!" Bingley enthused. "That is if you find Netherfield to your liking. We would not want to put Caroline out afterall." Edward replied teasingly. The three friends laughed at the inside joke. Bingley had always been bullied into everything by his older sister Caroline and it's become a joke between the three of them. Edward proceeded to talk to Bingley about one of his trade investments and Darcy was about to turn back to the window when Mrs. Bennet asked if he wanted some tea. He stole another glance at the garden but the sisters had moved on. "Yes Mrs. Bennet, I would love some tea." He replied after seeing that the window no longer holds his attention. The afternoon passed on like this, with the gentlemen retiring to Mr. Bennet's study after a while to talk about the estate more. They were locked up until it was time for dinner. Mrs. Bennet decided to have a formal dinner so as to finish the formalities this night. And so the gentlemen guests were seated beside Mrs. Bennet and the Bennet children took their seats accordingly. Dinner was served and both gentlemen were impressed with how Mrs. Bennet kept her table as well as her excellent conversation. After dinner, the ladies retired to the sitting room to leave the gentlemen with their port. They spent a bit more time talking about the estate until Mr. Bennet said "I think that is enough talk of business for the day. Shall we not relax with the entertainment that my lovely daughters can provide!" And so they left the dining room and joined the ladies. As the gentlemen came in, they found Mary playing the piano with Catherine attending to her. Lydia was by the fire while Jane was seated by the windows talking with their mother. Elizabeth was by the window staring out at the stars, seemingly in her own world. When they noticed the gentlemen's entry, Mrs. Bennet moved to the seat in front of Lydia by the fire where Mr. Bennet took the seat beside her. Lydia was about to invite Mr. Bingley over to sit with her but Edward sat on the couch beside her before she could. Mr. Bingley sat beside Jane and they started to converse, while Mr. Darcy went to the window to stand beside Elizabeth. Both being of a shy nature, they just stood there not talking. Elizabeth felt apprehensive at first but soon relaxed, not knowing why his presence brings her comfort. This did not go unobserved by Mrs. Bennet and so saying to Edward in a lowered voice, "Edward, it seems that your friends are quite taken by your sisters." Edward looked at the two gentlemen and said "Come now mother, no matchmaking. And who would not be in any case? I have the most beautiful sisters in all of England." He said smiling at his mother. Lydia, who had developed a liking for Mr. Bingley put in a louder voice than was polite, "If you had not seated yourself beside me, I was to invite Mr. Bingley to sit beside me. Jane can be such a bore much like Mr. Darcy was over dinner! And..." Before Lydia could say more, Mrs. Bennet glared at her youngest and answered in lowered but stern voice "Then perhaps next time we shall not have you at the table for formal dinners as your attitude is still fit for the nursery." Elizabeth heard the comment made by her younger sister which meant Mr. Darcy likely heard it too. She blushed deeply and resolved to apologize to him immediately. "Mr. Darcy, please allow me to apologize for what my sister said. It was most inappropriate and I only wish that it has not injured you in anyway." Elizabeth said. She was trying to hide her embarrassment so her tone of voice sounded a little stern. Darcy was first disturbed as to why she sounded so angry while apologizing. When he looked at her, he saw that her cheeks were red and she could not keep her eyes on his person. All these signs made him conclude that she was not angry but merely uncomfortable. She is like me in many ways. He thought to himself. Bennet had warned them that his twin did not like conversing very much and often shied away from people she did not know very well. To know this fact and see her trying so hard to apologize for her sister further recommended her to him. Having the same attitude as her, he nodded curtly at her and said "It is of no consequence Miss Elizabeth. To a young girl, I might be seen as boring since I do not possess the ability to easily converse with people I am not deeply acquainted with nor on topics that I do not know much about. I confess that I only gave her one word answers at the time." Elizabeth smiled at him and said "I am gratified then to have had three full sentences as your answer to me." Darcy stared at her smiling face and was taken aback. He had only ever seen her looking serious. The smile made her beautiful eyes twinkle in the moonlight, his heart skipped a beat. Not knowing what to say, he smiled and nodded in return and they lapsed back into comfortable silence. Elizabeth thought about how nice it was that he did not take offense to the rude comment and remembered what Edward said about his serious and taciturn nature. It surprised her that she was able to reply to him in a teasing manner as well. She had always been uncomfortable when in company she did not know but with Mr. Darcy, she felt quite comfortable. The same thoughts were running through Darcy's head as that was the first time that he was able to explain himself properly to anyone of new acquaintance. Perhaps it was Miss Elizabeth's eyes that were to blame. And her answering smile was well worth it. he thought. Much of the night was passed in this way and when the party was to retire, it was planned to go to Netherfield after breakfast tomorrow to see the estate.
A/N: thank you so much for the interest! For all those who are confused, I had mistakenly uploaded a different story the first time. I am still working the other one around in my head. Im so sorry for the confusion! I hope you enjoy this one instead. Mr. Bennet had just finished showing Netherfield to the two gentlemen and was now walking out towards the front courtyard. His son was still talking to Mr. Bingley about the house and the two were talking animately, heading towards the study. "What think you of the house and land Mr. Darcy? I hope Edward has shown it to you in good light this morning?" Mr. Bennet asked as Mr. Darcy approached. The three young men had gone riding this morning to see the surrounding land. They later went back to Longbourn to take the carriage to see the house with Mr. Bennet. "The fields look bountiful and not many were left fallow. There were some fences that needed mending but on the whole, the property has very good potential. The house is in very good condition as well." Darcy said as he approached the older man. "Yes, I'm glad that the previous owner decided to sell before the place became rundown." Mr. Bennet answered and gestured for them to walk. "Do you know the reason why the previous owner decided to sell?" Darcy asked as they made their way to the gardens. "The original owner of the place did not have any children. Therefore, it was passed on to a distant relative of young man who came upon the inheritance already had an established business in America and was not interested in coming back." Mr. Bennet said. "My lawyer knew that I had been wanting to buy the property for some time now and alerted me to the sale." "I hope that you were given a good price for it?" "Yes, quite." Mr. Bennet answered. They continued walking in silence, admiring the views of the garden. "May I ask you a question, Mr. Darcy?" Mr. Bennet asked. "Yes of course sir." "My son introduced you as Mr. Darcy of Pemberley. Is this the same Pemberley owned by a Mr. George Darcy?" Darcy hid his surprise and asked. "Yes, sir. George Darcy was my father. Did you know him?" Mr. Bennet let out a sad sigh. "I assume that he has passed?" "Yes sir. Some five years has passed now." Darcy said, looking off into the distance lost in thought. After some minutes of silence, Mr. Bennet replied. "Yes, I did know him. He was my roommate in Cambridge." Darcy stopped walking and turned to Mr. Bennet. "You are the other George?" Mr. Bennet laughed. "Yes! we were the two George's. I gather that he has talked of me?" Darcy laughed as well. "My father told me stories of your escapades. He said that he never had a closer friend as you had been." Looking wistfully out into fields, Mr. Bennet replied. "Your father was always loyal to those he considered to be good friends. He was also very warm to those who knew him well. We had some happy times together." They were both quiet for a time, reflecting on the information. "Why did you not stay in touch?" Asked the younger man. "Did he not tell you?" Darcy shook his head in reply. "I was suddenly called back from cambridge because my father had gotten ill. He died within the month and I had to step up prematurely, much as you had to do, only on a smaller scale. Your father and I kept in touch for a few years but I was never a good correspondent and he knew that." Mr. Bennet let out a soft sigh and continued. "By the time I realized it, your father and I had lost touch. Life went on, I had found the love of my life and married, had 6 beautiful children." He paused. "I never did try to contact him again. Perhaps I should have." Darcy looked out into the fields as he sofly said. "He mentioned you on some of his better days in his last month. He said I should try to find you as you've gone through something similar to what I shall be going through. He never had the chance to provide your details and with all the responsibilities thrust upon me, I did not bother to look for you." He turned to apologize but Mr. Bennet was one step ahead. "No apologies necessary Mr. Darcy. I understand quite well what it is like to suddenly have so much responsibility. I am happy to see that George's son has grown up quite well." He offered a small smile to the young man. "Please call me Darcy sir. It is nice to know that father had such a good friend." The other gentlemen caught up to Darcy and Mr. Bennet and they were soon back on the carriage, on their way back to Longbourn. To pass the time, Mr. Bingley inquired as to the reason why the Bennets chose to stay at Longbourn instead of moving to Netherfield. "Longbourn has always been the ancestral house of the Bennets. We have lived in that spot of land for over 300 years." Mr. Bennet answered. "These lands, both Netherfield's and Longbourn's, were only one land in the time of my great great grandfather. Unfortunately, his son grew up to be a prolific gambler and drunk. In the 10 year span that he was head of the family, we were brought to the brink of bankruptcy." He paused. "Fortunately, his wife had a good head on her shoulders and had come from a good family. She taught my grandfather well and when he inherited, he did everything to save our legacy. The lands of Netherfield had been an unfortunate sacrifice in order to at least save Longbourn." Edward continued the story. "Grandfather Bennet, who was next in line made some investments with the Gardeners, my mother's family. My mother's uncle owned the biggest export and import business in London and grandpapa saw its potential. His investment paid off and the returns were used to breath life into Longbourn once again." "And now, after 3 generations, the Bennet lands have finally been put back together. Im happy to be able to pass this legacy to my son." Mr. Bennet said as he smiled fondly at Edward. Darcy was moved by the family history that was shared by the Bennets. Mr. Bennet's pride for his lands and his history, as well as the good word put in by his father had cemented the respect he felt for the older gentleman. As for the younger, he was happy to find someone with as much family pride as he had for his own. When they reached the house, the gentlemen were invited to Mr. Bennet's study to finalize the contents of the contract. After much discussion, the details were finally agreed upon. Mr. Bingley will take over the lease after Michealmas and the final papers will be delivered by Edward when he goes back to London for the Michaelmas Term. "I have a favor to ask of you two." Mr. Bennet said as they finished with the specifics. "The history that I have shared with you is not known by many. I would prefer that the owner of Netherfield stay anonymous. The people of Meryton do not know who actually owns the property and only the local magistrate as well as my brother Philips, who is also my lawyer, know of the sale that was made." The two gentlemen looked at Mr. Bennet curiously. "I have always kept my income, properties and investments private and prefer to keep them that way. When one has 5 daughters, it is best to be wary of fortune hunters. I hope you understand." "Of course sir. It would be no trouble at all to keep your secret." Bingley answered. "Your request is understandable sir." Darcy replied. He had heard from a conversation between Edward and Bingley that Longbourn brings in only 3000 pounds but from what he has seen and heard, this seems to be an outdated and very conservative amount. Any landowner with a proper eye for investing can see that Longbourn alone can generate at least 7000 if not more. With the addition of Netherfield, Mr. Bennet's income cannot be less than 10000. He understood the reason for the misinformation, as his own 10000 is a very conservative amount. He would be relentlessly pursued by the ton had he corrected the gossip. The next few days were spent visiting some neighbors and getting to know the surrounding area. A vist to Halberg Manor was also arranged so that Darcy could give his cousin some feedback on it. He found every thing satisfactory and was planning to give a positive report on it to his cousin. At the end of the week, after luncheon, Elizabeth decided to spend the day drawing, adding some finishing touches to her piece of Netherfield. She was seated in the alcove in the garden when she heard someone approaching. "Good afternoon Miss Elizabeth." Greeted Darcy. "Good afternoon Mr. Darcy." She greeted back feeling her heart beat a little faster. He looked at the drawing that she was working on and recognized the structure. "Your depiction of the house is very accurate. Will you be adding color to it?" His voice soothed her agitation. She blushed lightly at the praise and replied "Yes, when I get back to london, I will transfer this sketch to a canvass and paint it with oils." "May I?" Asked Darcy, gesturing at the bench beside Elizabeth. "Yes, go ahead." Came her reply. "I am sorry to cause any trouble but I heard from your brother that you are EBGardener?" Elizabeth was surprised that he knew of her secret. She was at once on the defensive. "Yes, and I do understand that it is not proper for young ladies to have an income but it is all supervised and approved by my uncle." Darcy was surprised at the vehemence of her voice. She has a temper that is well hidden, but she is even more beautiful when angered. He thought, pleasantly surprised. "I did not mean to censure you at all Miss Elizabeth. I have admired your work since your first exhibit at The Saloon 5 years ago. I have purchased 2 of your paintings since and am quite a fan of yours." He said apolegetically. "Oh." Surprised at what he said. She realized that she had jumped to conclusions, which was admittedly a bad habit of hers. "I am sorry. One of my aunt's acquaintance found out about my paintings and berated me for having the audacity to have an income "like some tradesman" as she put it. I have been a little sensitive about it since then." She said by way of explanation. "I hope that you have since put her in her place, for I think it admirable for anyone, be it man or woman, to have courage enough to display their talents as you have. An exchange of money does not make it any less respectable." This man seemed to surprise her at every turn. "Yes I did. I have no trouble defending myself to someone wholly unconnected to me." She smiled and looked at him with gratitude. "And thank you Mr. Darcy, you do not know how grateful I am to hear that." Her smiling face did things to his stomach. He had never felt this way about any woman. He knew that he had to see her again somehow. "Will you be coming to London along with Edward after Michealmas?" He asked. "Yes, I will be staying with my aunts family." "Then I hope to see you whilst you are in london." Darcy paused, considering whether it was too early to askif he could call on her. "I wonder, may I ca-" "Darcy!" Came Edwards voice. "There you are. Bingley said that you went out for some fresh air. Your carraige is ready to leave." Was he about to ask if he could call on me? Elizabeth wondered. Edward turned to his sister who was looking a little surprised. "Hello dear sister, I see that you have been indulging in your favorite past time once again." She turned to him and said "Hello dear brother who cannot keep a secret." He looked at his sisters angry face and then to Darcy. "Why did you tell her!" He asked indignantly. "I'm sorry Bennet. I am an enthusiast of your sisters work and I simply could not pass up the opportunity to tell her how much I appreciate her talent." Darcy answered while smiling. He looks so handsome when he smiles. She thought. "She has a big enough head as it is, no need to inflate it further Darcy." Edward replied jokingly. Elizabeth turned to her brother with a raised brow. "I know many of your secrets as well brother. Perhaps my tongue shall slip while in uncle Jasper's company." "You wont!" Edward answered in a panic. Elizabeth turned to Mr. Darcy and said "Safe travels Mr. Darcy. Perhaps we shall meet again in London. I'm sure my brother can tell you where I reside." She said as she rose from her seat. "Of course, I hope to see you soon." He answered as he held her hand and gave it a light kiss. "Goodbye Miss Elizabeth." With that, she turned around and went into the house. Edward's eyebrows were raised from the interaction but was distracted when she saw the fire in his sisters eye as she turned. "Lizzy!" Edward shouted after his sister. Darcy laughed at his friends exasperated expression. "I will see you in London Bennet." He started walking towards the carriage then turned to say "If you survive your sisters wrath." Elizabeth was in her room contemplating on what had happened in the garden that afternoon. She had never been attracted to a man before but she was certain that she felt an attraction to Mr. Darcy from the first moment she saw him. There is something about his eyes. She thought. "Lizzy." Elizabeth was startled from her thoughts when she heard Jane's soft voice behind her. Seeing the surprise on her sister's face, she sat down beside her on the bed and said "I did not mean to startle you. I had knocked three times but you did not answer. I had thought you were asleep but when I opened the door, you were simply staring out of your window. Is something the matter dear?" Elizabeth was unsure whether to share her feelings but knowing that she had only a little time left with Jane made her want to confide with her. So she told her about what happened in the garden that afternoon. "Do you think that he likes me Jane?" She asked hesitantly. Jane gave some thought to what she was told and answered. "It certainly seems so. Do you like him?" Elizabeth sighed. "Yes, I think I do. But I have only known him for the the week that he has stayed with us. Is it too early to be so certain?" "I do not see any harm in liking him Lizzy. And I am sure you will get the chance to know him better once you are back in London." "Then do you think he would have asked to call on me had Edward not interupted?" "Yes." She answered with certainty. "He strikes me as a gentleman who rarely bestows a kiss on a maiden's hand." She paused, thinking about the situation. "He has certainly singled you out for he did not talk as much to me or our other sisters." "I do not know what to think Jane. I have never felt so comfortable with someone in such a short amount of time." "There is time to think on it. If he is attracted to you as you are to him then he would surely find a way to call on you." Elizabeth was lost in thought for a time when she remembered that she wanted to ask Jane a question. "What think you of Mr. Bingley?" "He is nice enough." "That's a rather bland description, I gather that you do not feel as I do for his friend." Elizabeth asked teasingly. Jane laughed. "I was attracted to him at first but no, not at all. He seems rather like a puppy to me Lizzy." "And you are looking for a black stallion?" Jane paused to think, then answered. "No. That is what you are looking for. And you have found it in your Mr. Darcy." Elizabeth blushed. "He is not my Mr. Darcy Jane." "For now." Jane teased. "I much prefer a German Shepherd, Lizzie. Fiercly protective and loyal but very loving." "But Mr. Bingley has certainly singled you out." "Not at all. He is simply very friendly, he even tolerated Lydia's flirting!" "He did not seem to be as enthusiastic when talking to me." Elizabeth was surprised when Jane started giggling. "What ever is so amusing Jane?" Jane looked at her sister and said "He is intimidated by you." "What!?" Elizabeth exclaimed. Jane started giggling again at her sister's reaction. "He asked me if you were angry at him for you seemed so serious when he tried to converse with you." "But I was simply listening intently to his stories!" Exclaimed a frustrated Elizabeth. "Yes and I had told him that. He said that Edward had warned them of his "unsociable" sister but he did not expect such differing personalities." "Unsociable!" "Now now. You know how Edward likes to joke." Jane said, very amused at the situation. "Uncle Jasper will certainly be hearing about some things." Grumbled Elizabeth. The sisters talked and laughed for the rest of night until it was time for bed. The Bennets spent the remaining time that the twins had at Longbourn by going on picnics and having dinners and parties with their neighbors. On Michaelmas, the Philips' came to celebrate with the Bennets. Mr. Henry Philips is the Bennet family lawyer and is husband to Adelaide Philips who is Mrs. Bennets sister. The two have always been close as they were the closest in age among their siblings. They were thick as theives and she has always treated the Bennet children as her own as she was never blessed with children. She took on the persona of "the town gossip" and has since been using this reputation to guard her close friends and family. The rumor of Mr. Bennet's 3000 a year and the girls' 1000 dowry was her doing. It has certainly helped since Jane and Elizabeth were considered the jewels of the county. "My dears, when will you all be presented in town? I know that you do not care for it but your Aunt Marianne has been sending me letters pleading me to convince you." She asked both Jane and Elizabeth. "You know I do not care to be paraded around aunt. I get enough stares when I go to the theatre with Aunt Marianne and Cousin Mary. The insincerity of the ton is derisive." Elizabeth answered. "I know my dear, that is why we have not pushed the two of you to be presented but the time will come when it becomes necessary." Mrs. Bennet answered. "Yes and you have promised us that when Mary turns 18, all three of you will be presented at the same time." "But that is next February!" Jane exclaimed. "Yes and that is why the family will be spending Christmas in London this year. Your father has already told Mrs. Carson to start readying the townhouse." Mary heard her name mentioned and said. "I do not want to be presented either mama. Why is it so neccessary?" "It is the way of things and your Uncle Jasper has insisted upon it my dear. You know how he can be. He means well you know. He wants his favorite nieces to be well situated when the time comes." Mrs. Bennet answered emphathetically. All three girls were downcast. They were all happy with their obscurity and the few times that a visit to town was neccessary, they always felt relieved to finally be going back home to the country at the end of the visit. They all were aware of their duty however and did not allow themselves to worry unnecessarilly. And so the day came for Edward and Elizabeth to go back to London. One to Cambridge and the other to Dorset House. It was a tearful goodbye as it usually is but all were brigthened by the fact that hey will surely be together soon.
A/N: Hi! Here is another chapter! Thank you for the reviews! Yes my elizabeth is quite OOC but I love her. A lot of my characters are OOC actually so just a heads up! Im feeling a little lost so updates might go a little slower. Please bare with me. I'll try my best to still post every week though. Enjoy! "Good Morning Brother." A small voice greeted Darcy as he was breaking his fast. "Good morning. How are you today Georgie." "I'm fine, thank you." Georgianna sat down on the table and quietly ate her meal. After eating she excused herself and left Darcy alone once again. He sat in the morning room of his townhouse, wondering when his sister will come back to him. Everyday, the only words she would exchange with him was a greeting before and after meal times and a good night before bed. He felt desperate. Her new companion, Mrs. Annesley, said to just give her time. But it had been 5 months now and the only improvement was that she at least greets him now. He sighed, feeling uncomfortable at being so powerless. He did not know what to do. He looked at the landscape of the painting that hung on the wall. I wonder how Elizabeth is. The thought came unbidden which startled him. It had been about a month since he last saw her. The first week that he left, she was still Miss Elizabeth in his mind. He had mulled over the attraction, asking himself why he was so attracted to the lady. He had attributed it to a passing fancy that would fade as time went on without seeing her. The opposite had occurred however as she is now Elizabeth to him. He knew that he was attracted to her physically. Her mind and attitude were still a mystery. But the small fraction that he saw in the week that he stayed in Longbourn was very promising. I wonder when Bennet will show up. He thought. His reverie was broken when his butler came into the room. "Sir, Mr. Edward Bennet to see you." Speak of the devil. He stood up and met Edward in the sitting room. "Darcy!" "Hello Bennet. I was wondering when you would show up." "Miss me already old chap?" He joked. They both laughed and proceeded to his study. "Have you gone to see Bingley already?" "Yes, I went over there yesterday. Miss Bingley was in a rage when she found out about Netherfield." Darcy raised his brow indicating the question of how Bingley's demon sister found out. "She was eaves dropping again of course." Edward said matter of factly. "Ah. That house is a trap." He said while shaking his head. "Yes. I can't imagine having a sister like that. Lydia is shaping up to be one." He sighed. "But we are now in the process of curbing that." "She is young. I am sure with your mother and father's guidance she will turn out well. Bingley does not seem able to curb his sister's behavior however." Darcy said. Caroline Bingley had been after him the moment he was introduced to her some years ago. He had always treated her as he had treated all the women in the ton, with polite indifference. He cannot understand why she thinks that he will ever offer for her. "It is very good that she is not interested in someone as poor as I." Said Edward with a glint in his eye. "Come now Bennet. After seeing where your property and where you grew up as well as hearing about the history of your family, I know that you have been deceiving Bingley and I. You are worth more than you put out." "And that is the secret to obscurity my friend." Answered Edward unapologetically. Darcy sighed. "Indeed. Had I the choice, I would do the same." "I am sorry for not telling you. I just did not want to be accepted merely for what I am worth. I hope you understand." Edward said in a serious tone. Darcy nodded in answer. He wanted to ask him where his sister was staying but did know how to do so. "What can I do for you today? I imagine you did not come simply to catch up?" Edward was one of the few people who could read Darcy like a book. He knew that Darcy was attracted to his sister, he just wanted to find out how serious he was. This was his sister after all. "Darcy, may I be frank with you?" "Of course. We have always been candid with one another." "Do you like my sister, Elizabeth?" Darcy was taken aback. He did not think that he was that obvious. "Do not worry. You are quite adept at hiding your emotions. It is only that I have known you for a while now and I am very good at reading people." Darcy was silent for a while, then said. "I should be careful around you." Edward laughed. "Only if you plan to cause trouble to me or mine." Darcy sighed. "Yes Bennet. I admit that I am rather attracted to Eli- Miss Elizabeth." Edward cracked a smile at the slip. Exasperated, Darcy ran his hand through his naturally messy hair. "I do not know what has happened. You know that I have never been attracted to any one of late. In my teenage years, I was as any other lad but it had been drilled into my head that my duty was to honor my family name. Any hint of scandal would not have been tolerated. And so I abstained." Edward watched his friend as he continued talking. "After father died, I was too busy trying to manage everything, I simply did have time to look at anyone. And then when I was finally able to manage being the Master, all the women of the ton disgusted me. All are just mercenary. Those worth knowing already had a beau from childhood or are happily married." Edward interupted him before he could ramble further. "Darcy. Will you be calling on her?" "I- yes. I would like to. I was about to ask her if I may, when you suddenly came into the garden that day." Ah. So I was right. So she has given her approval to me as well. Very clever sister. Edward thought. "Perhaps you would like to know where my sister resides here in London?" "Yes." Darcy replied sounding relieved. Edward smiled as the answer would surely give his friend a shock. "She lives in Dorset House." "Pardon?" Darcy asked not quite sure he heard him right. "Dorset House? I'm sure you know the one." Edward calmly answered. After a minute Darcy exclaimed. "The Duke of Dorset's residence!?" Edward laughed. "Yes, that is the only one named so, I gather." "Wha- how.. I do not understand." It was the first time that Edward had seen Darcy so flabergasted. Having had his fun, he explained the connection. "My mother is the sister to the Duke's wife. Elizabeth has been staying with them since she was 15 because of her artistic talent. It was because of Uncle Jasper that Elizabeth became EBGardener." Darcy was looking out of the window. "A duke's niece." He sighed. Would I be good enough for her. Ah. He is doubting his worth. But I think you are perfect for my sister. Well, I am excited to see where this goes. I shall have to visit Aunt Marianne before I leave. Edward left Darcy's house and made his way to his aunts to make a report and perhaps do a little matchmaking. Elizabeth was in her little corner of the conservatory in Dorset house. She lived with her Aunt Marianne, her mother's sister, whenever she was in London. A corner of the conservatory was converted to her studio as she enjoyed painting while surrounded by nature. She was busy transfering the sketch of Netherfield to a canvass when Susan, her personal maid, came and told her that her Aunt wanted to see her at the blue sitting room. Her aunt usually did not recieve guests there so she decided to come in with her painting dress on. It was a dress she wore when painting as it had paint stains on it already. "Aunt Marianne? Susan said that you called for me?" She said as she entered the room. She was so focused on her aunt that she did not realize there was another person there. She became wary as her aunt had that look in her eye. A warning that she was soon to be teased. "Yes Lizzy. You have a guest." She said as she gestured to the other person in the room9. "Mr. Darcy?" Elizabeth said with surprise. "Good morning Eli- Miss Elizabeth." Darcy said, cursing himself for the slip. "Goo- Good Morning sir. It is a pleasure to see you again." She said, deeply blushing. But when her eyes met his, her frazzled nerves calmed. "I am sorry to have disturbed you while you were working." He said as he gestured with his eyes, looking at her dress. Elizabeth looked down at her dress and blushed red. "Oh dear. I am sorry for my dress. I did not expect my aunt to have a guest here." Her aunt laughed, reminding the two of her presence. "Darcy is a family friend. So he is not really a guest." "A family friend?" Surprise coloring her tone. "Yes, well." Her aunt was hesitant to say. "He is Catherine and Rosalind's nephew." Elizabeth was surprised and then anger flashed into her eyes. She is really quite beautiful when her temper is up. Darcy thought. Wait.. Lady Sackville watched the young man curiously. Darcy then put two and two together. "The acquaintance of your aunt that we talked of, was it my Aunt Catherine?" "Yes." Elizabeth answered stiffly. Tge room fell silent, and then Darcy suddenly laughed. A rich belly laugh. Elizabeth was mesmerized. She did not understand what was so funny but laughter transformed his usually stoic face into a boyishly handsome one. She was smitten. Interesting. Lady Sackville thought as she watched the couple. When Darcy's laughter ran out, he inquired. "And you put her in her place?" Elizabeth nodded then blushed. She was embarassed of the encounter as she had let herself lose her temper. "Oh how I wish I was there to see it." Darcy said, letting out another laugh. Lady Sackville was smiling. "Yes, it was quite the scene. Jasper banned your aunt from the house for a year. She really can be quite catty sometimes." "Catty. Absurd woman. I do not know why she is your friend." Elizabeth murmered. Lady Sackville ignored her niece's mutterings and said. "Come and sit down both of you. Tell me how it is that you met." Elizabeth told the story of Darcy's stay at Longbourn. He then told them of Edward's visit, ommiting his confession. Edward had already told his aunt of this however. Lady Sackville had been observing the two as they talked and it was interesting to see two very reserved people talking so animately. Edward was correct, he has formed an attachment to her and she seems to reciprocate. "Well I'm glad that you two have finally met." Lady Sackville said. Elizabeth raised an eyebrow, silently asking what she meant. "I've told you about William, Elizabeth. It has been 2 years of missed appointments between the two of you. Do you remember the Matlock ball?" "Yes." Elizabeth paused. "He was the gentleman that Aunt Rosalind was telling me off?" "Yes, but William had a family emergency and was not able to make it." He had just retrieved Georgianna from Ramsgate a week before the ball. "Yes. My apologies." Nothing in his manner changed but his eyes told Elizabeth a different story. She saw the sadness in them and she at once wanted to give comfort. Just then, the head housekeeper came in and whisphered something in Lady Sackville's ear. Susan was called and when she arrived, the Lady excused herself. "Susan will stay with you for the rest of your visit. I have some things to attend to. If I do not see you before you leave William, tell your aunt that I will visit her soon." "Yes my Lady." Said Darcy, feeling nervous. This is my chance to ask her. The doors to the sitting room were left open and Susan sat by one of the chairs near it, acting as chaperone but giving them space to talk privately. "Miss Elizabeth. I came today to ask you what I was not able to in the gardens of Longbourn that day." He paused then looked her in the eyes. "May I call on you?" Elizabeth smiled at the now shy young man in front of her. She had never been attracted to anyone before but the moment she laid her eyes on him, she had felt a stirring. He also made her feel very comfortable and safe. "You have already accomplished that I think, sir." She teased, a twinkle in her eye. Darcy smiled and said, "Shall I take that as a yes? I would very much like to know you better." She smiled back. "Yes Mr. Darcy. I would like to know you better as well." "You are also closely acquainted with my Aunt Rosalind?" He asked. "Oh yes. She is one of my patrons and she and my Aunt Marianne are always out together. Apparently they want my Cousin Mary and Viscount Granville to marry." She gave a small giggle at this. He fell even deeper. She is perfect. "He'd sooner marry his horses I think." And they both started laughing. He is so handsome when he laughs like this. "How is it that we have never met before? I have always heard about you from your cousins." She paused and recollected. "That was why your name sounded so familiar." "It may have been my fault. After father died, I had been so busy trying to step up to his place that I had buried myself in work." He looked at her, took her hand in his and said. "If I had known what awaited me in my aunt's dinners I would not have denied attendance to them." Elizabeth's heart was beating and she was blushing very prettily. She gave him a small smile but all the admiration she felt for him was expressed in her eyes. "Have they finally met?" Lady Fitzwilliam said excitedly as she came into the sitting room. It had been a week since Darcy's visit to Dorset house. Lady Sackville was visiting her good friend Lady Fitzwilliam. "Yes and without our help too. I tell you those two had fate on their side all along." "Perhaps it was not yet time for them to meet until now." Supposed the two Ladies. "Perhaps." Excitedly, Lady Sackville said. "He's asked to call on her." "Oohhh. I'm so excited. I hope they form an attachment soon. It would be a beautiful match." Lady Fitzwilliam answered with just as much enthusiasm. "I wonder how Catherine will take this." They looked at each other and started laughing like mad women. This was how Viscount Granville, Lady Fitzwilliam's eldest son, found them. "Might I ask what is so funny? What are you two up to. You have that glint in your eyes." He said as he kissed both women on the cheek. "Just our old tricks my dear. Have you gone to visit Mary yet?" His mother asked. "No matter how much you two wish it, Mary and I are only good friends and will stay only as good friends. I am very sorry to disappoint." He said with a smile. "Ah well. You have crushed two mothers hearts." Answered Lady Sackville. "At least show some interest in someone Raymond. You cannot marry your horses." "When I find the lady that I shall marry, you two will be the first to know." With that, he left them. "So tell me more about the Bennets' coming out. Will you be hosting it?" Lady Fitzwilliam asked when her son left. The two friends gossiped to their hearts content. Fans were fluttering and a buzzing commenced as the people of the ton gathered at the theatre. A showing of Much Ado About Nothing was scheduled for the night and many have come to watch, but also to be seen. The Duke of Dorset's carriage was spotted and out came the family. The Duke and Duchess, Viscount Sackville, Lord Buckhurst, Lady Mary and the beautiful, quiet girl who was usually with them. What was most exciting is that Mr. Darcy, one of the most sought after bachelor, stepped up to hand the girl down and actually escorted her into the theater. All the mothers and their single daughters were atwitter. It had been years since the first time the girl was seen with the Duke's family, yet no formal introduction was ever made. At first it was thought that she was the fiance of one of the Duke's sons but years have passed and no announcements were made. When some brazen matron dared to inquire who she was, it was only mentioned that she was a relative and any further information was declined, reason being that she had not yet been presented. Since she is a relation of one of the richest and most powerful Dukes in the land, no one had the gall to question any further. But now that the most sought after bachelor was seen escorting her, the ton were mad to find out who this mysterious woman was. "Darcy!" Bingley yelled. He had been forced by his sister Caroline to call out and catch up with the the gentleman. Caroline made a beeline for Darcy's free arm and gave the woman on his otherside a cold glare. "Mr. Darcy! How nice it is to see you! I cannot wait for our trip to Charles' charming new estate. I am honored to be hosting you." Miss Bingley crooned in a voice loud enough for others to pay attention. Darcy was confused at what the woman was saying but one look at Bingley and he could tell that his friend had not yet told his sister. After extracting his arm from her talons, Darcy said. "I apologize Miss Bingley but I shall not be able to accompany you. I had told Bingley a week ago that some business has come up and I am unable to leave London at this time." Miss Bingley threw daggers at his brother. Fearing a scandalous tantrum, Bingley took his sisters arm and started to drag her away. "It was nice to see you Darcy." He bowed towards Elizabeth, remembering to keep the secret of her identity. Darcy had told him of the situation and of the Duke's preference of anonimity for Elizabeth. "Who is that chit on Mr. Darcy's arm! Who does she think she is!" Exclaimed Miss Bingley while they were making their way to their seats. "Quiet down Caroline, she is part of the Duke's party. If he does not care for anyone to know her then it is not our place to question it." "If he does not care that she be known then she must be someone he is ashamed of! Perhaps a bastard!" She had said this in a tone too loud and some ladies heard and began gossiping. Bingley saw this and prayed for God's help. "Please do not let this gossip reach the Duke's ear." He whispered. He then turned to his sister and said "You do realize that if what you had said spreads and is traced back to you, you will be ruined?" Miss Bingley's face grew red. "I did not say anything that may have been an untruth Charles. I simply said what I thought of the situtation. If others feel it is the truth then that is their problem." With that she walked off. The siblings finally found their box. It was at a very advantageous spot but the play was lost to them. One was praying that no backlash comes back to them for the ill timed comment and the other was busy watching another box. Meanwhile, in the Duke's box, Elizabeth was trying very hard to concentrate on the play. She had never had trouble before, but the gentleman seated next to her was quite the distraction. He was seated to her right and their fingers would sometimes touch. She was grateful for the dimmed lights in the theatre as she was surely beet red by now. Intermission came and as was customary the gentlemen went out to fetch some refreshment. "How are you liking the play Lizzy?" Lady Mary asked. Elizabeth was in her own little world and was startled by her cousins question. "It is very nice Mary." "You usually have more to say when we come to the theater. Perhaps a certain gentleman has distracted you?" Her cousin teased. Elizabeth blushed but was quite frank. "He is quite distracting." They both giggled while Lady Sackville indulgently listened. "I dare say he is quite distracted as well." Elizabeth blushed even deeper as both mother and daughter teased her. "Perhaps we should have invited Viscount Granville as well cousin?" Elizabeth gave a sly smile, trying to deflect the attention from her. "Oh no Lizzy, both you and mother know that Raymond and I are just friends. Please do not get your hopes up." Elizabeth laughed while Lady Sackville sighed. The gentlemen came in and Darcy sat beside a smiling Elizabeth. "Might I ask what is so amusing?" Elizabeth, feeling relaxed after the teasing and surrounded by her family, answered enthusiastically. "Aunt Marianne's disappointed hopes." And then she giggled. He did not quite understand what she was talking about but the sight of her relaxed and playful gave him high hopes for their future together.
