Hi! I've been meaning to publish a second story ever since I started my Wuthering Heights fanfic, but I didn't have much courage. I do love P&P too and I especially love George Wickham. Mary Bennet is also a fascinating character. I have changed some things from canon (Mrs. Philips' dinner in particular), but I hope it's not a problem. My take on the characters might also stray from established interpretations. The title of this story comes from the song Power & Control, by Marina and the Diamonds (it makes a lot of sense in the context of the story) I hope you enjoy my attempt and bear in mind English is not my first language but I try to be as correct as possible! Also, the first lines of dialogue are roughly taken from the 1980s adaptation of P&P. Chapter 1 "You must find that an interesting book." George Wickham addressed this to the only young lady of the group who was not looking at him. What he truly meant was: You must find that an interesting book to be ignoring me. The reader had not even heard him. She had to be nudged by one of her sisters in order to look up. "Mary! Mr. Wickham is speaking to you!" She blinked, like a fish caught out of water, and turned to Mr. Denny. "No, that's Mr. Wickham, you silly goose!" the sister corrected her. He coughed and repeated his question, feeling by now quite embarrassed. "Oh. No, not particularly interesting," she replied absently. Wickham swallowed thickly and smiled a gracious smile. He was not one to be defeated easily. "Is it a novel?" Perhaps it was not profitable to follow this line of questioning, but her indifference irked him. No female around these parts was insensible to his charms. "No, of course not," she replied sternly and then, without the least warning, went right back to reading, as if nothing had disturbed her. Wickham knew that in every family there had to be one young lady who was plain and stupid. And truly, the girl confirmed his knowledge. Bespectacled, careless with her looks, tasteless in matters of dress (her bonnet was utterly atrocious, to say nothing of her boots), dull and wane; she represented her dour spinster fate with great accuracy. But usually, the mousy ones, the ones doomed to solitude, loved him best. They clung to him even more, knowing full well they had no hope of reciprocation. Why should this one be any different? "Ah, ladies of refinement and accomplishment," he said, in order not to look like a fool. The younger sisters did notice his blunder. They beamed at him and showered him with their youthly delights. They were clearly not indifferent. The eldest were quite friendly too, if more restrained. They were very attractive to boot. Elizabeth, in particular, held a certain charm. He was very pleased, overall, to have met the Bennets. He was indebted to Denny for that and he could not complain. Except that, the gentleman escorting them, a fellow called Collins who was a clergyman of some sort, insisted on trailing after them. Not only was he a bore and a pedant, but the plain one seemed to like him. She walked close to him, and though she still kept her head in her book, he noticed her spying on Collins from time to time. I suppose they are a match, he thought maliciously, but still, he couldn't quite swallow the idea that she was more partial to a dullard with bad breath and a weak jaw. How could he, the handsome and well-spoken George Wickham, be compared to a fool like that? That evening, Denny asked him jovially what he thought of the young women he had met. They were sitting together in his rooms at the Meryton inn, killing time with a game of cards and some brandy. Wickham knew his friend wanted his honest opinion. "I liked them well enough. Good-looking and amiable, all of them. Well, except one." Denny raised an eyebrow. "Oh, right. Don't bother about that. Mary Bennet likes no one and no one likes her." Wickham put down a card and smiled wryly. "But I believe she likes someone, after all. Mr. Collins." Denny laughed. "Really? Well, she'll be disappointed. I'm sure I've heard he is supposed to marry one of the eldest." "Not Elizabeth, I hope?" "I don't know, but if it is Elizabeth you like best, you had better pay your attentions soon and fast." Wickham smiled uneasily. A feat not so easily accomplished. It seemed Elizabeth had already been acquainted with Darcy. Their meeting today had been interrupted by none other than Bingley and Darcy riding into town like masters on a private estate. Darcy had, predictably, turned a cold shoulder and refused to pay him any heed, but he had saluted the Bennets and his friend, Bingley, had been very warm to the sisters. He could not guess how much Elizabeth knew of that affair. It was to his interest that she be ignorant of his past. Otherwise, he had no hope of winning her over. "We are invited to dine with them tomorrow at Mrs. Philips'. There's your chance to woo her," Denny told him with a sly wink. Wickham entered Mrs. Philips' parlour with a confident strut, ready to gain as many good favours as possible. He noticed that some important-looking matrons had been gathered for the present occasion and he knew all too well that the way to universal acceptance was palming as many of these octogenarians as possible. He did not forget to compliment the hostess herself and profess humility at her invitation. Mrs. Philips was delighted. "You are too kind, Mr. Wickham." "I believe it is you who have been gracious enough to allow me to partake in such fine society." He knew the lines by heart, lines which he had learned from infancy. The only access into the world of the polished and refined was through carefully crafted words. Don't sound too obsequious, but make sure you flatter them. All the while, he smiled and kissed hands and bowed down to whisper in the old ladies' ears and shook hands with their young, rosy-cheeked grandsons, but he felt empty, utterly empty and devoid of any kinship with these people. The Bennet sisters were a respite. He had found from an early age that a beautiful woman, even a modestly pretty one, could cheer him up greatly. Elizabeth Bennet had obviously dressed with care this evening and her eyes sparkled with delight upon seeing him. It would not be very hard to sway her; that is, if she knew nothing of him. And judging by her mien, she did not. They had not sat down for long together, when he heard an awful music coming from the other end of the room. He turned his head and he saw the reader from the day before; plain, insufferable Mary Bennet. She was playing the piano and she was utterly dreadful at it. Perhaps not dreadful in technique, but the execution was horrendous and he ought to have known, for he had spent his childhood listening to Anne Darcy playing and she was a proficient. Much like Georgiana. But that was another story. He couldn't help smirking at her obvious incompetence. He even felt a little gratified. It always fell on the plain ones to be "accomplished"; that is to embroider cushions, play quadrilles, paint insipid landscapes and speak mediocre Latin. If they couldn't be pretty, they had to be useful. It seemed this girl was neither. Elizabeth apologized on behalf of her sister. "Mary is a great study of music, but I do not know whether she is a great performer." And yet, she kept on playing, for all throughout his conversation with Elizabeth, he heard the same dreadful music. It was, after all, to his advantage that Darcy had ignored him the other day, for Elizabeth was from the beginning sympathetic towards him. She did not seem to like Darcy at all. And when she heard his tale, she grew quite outraged with the wealthy gentleman. Wickham sighed in that practised way that always earned him a pardon from his regiment commander. "I suppose I cannot blame him for wishing me gone from his life. After all, it was his father who made the mistake of loving me more. Jealousy is only natural." He was impressed with his own choice of words. Elizabeth and her natural charms inspired him. No one could say Wickham did not work hard for what he wanted. He had decided he wanted her affections, and he was determined to obtain them. "How abominable! To refuse you your rights! To cast you off like a stranger!" "It's a good thing I'm not very proud. Else I would have suffered the slight much worse. But as you can see, I recovered. All that ever kept me at Pemberley was Mr. Darcy, the senior. With his passing away, I was free to go. And I must say, I like my present situation and company much better." Elizabeth smiled with great warmth. "You are lucky your character is sound, for I don't know if I would have borne the injustice. But I am pleased that you are here among us." "So am I." He did not fear that Darcy would ever shed light upon the truth of the matter. He was a proud, fastidious man who never went out of his way to correct rumours. For years now he had told the same tale, and never had anyone contradicted him. So much time had passed, he almost liked to think he was telling the truth. After all, Darcy deserved the slander. Having so far secured Elizabeth's good opinion, he had next to find out how much she was worth. She was the daughter of a gentleman, that much he knew, but would she have a nice sum attached to her pretty face? If it turned out she was rather poor, he would not mind too much. He was a democrat and he liked to make love to all the ladies who enticed him. The only difference was, he would settle down with a wealthy one. He was enjoying the evening greatly. Kitty and Lydia (he had memorized their names with some difficulty) dragged him away from Elizabeth at length, but he did not mind, for he knew absence made the heart grow fonder. The younger sisters wanted him and Denny to dance with them, which seemed rather absurd since there was no music to dance to. Mary Bennet was still playing her awful church hymns, or whatever they were. As he drew close to the piano, he noticed that he was not the only one who disliked the playing. Some of the young men and ladies sitting in the vicinity threw her reproachful glances and wrinkled their noses. Even the elderly mothers frowned with boredom. So, why is she still singing if no one likes it? He watched her face more carefully, but she was still the same absent-eyed creature he had met the day before. Her indifference reigned supreme and she played as thoroughly she read. And then it struck him. She does not care. She most likely thought her playing was excellent, judging from her supercilious expression. And she did not care a iota that no one else shared her opinion. Wickham did not know whether to be annoyed or impressed. Lydia begged her sister to play a jig or something more lively to amuse them, but Mary sniffed and decreed: "There are at least two more movements left!" So they all had to wait for her to finish her song, and only then did she deign, with a great heavy sigh, to play a weak little tune. "Mind you, I take very little enjoyment in such trivial things," she spoke haughtily. Wickham shook his head in amusement. She acts as if she were the prettiest, most accomplished and wonderful person in the room. As the floor was cleared and the pairs were formed, he also remarked how much better her playing was when she had to perform something she did not like. It was rather ironic. But oddly enough, he knew on a base level, that he had met a kindred spirit. Someone like him. Someone who was devoid of empathy towards other people. Someone who thrived when she was made to act against her will. Someone selfish. If only she had been prettier, she would have been just as successful as he. But no, she was stuck with her poor features and sour personality. Otherwise, they might have been cut from the same cloth. As the evening drew to a close, he found little occasion to speak to Elizabeth again. Lydia had accosted him completely, and while he liked her well enough, he was not sure what to do with her. She was a child, by all means, and her womanly shapes could not hide that simple fact. He did have occasion to witness Mr. Collins acting like a fool at the whist table. Plain Mary Bennet trailed after him towards the carriage, no doubt, hoping to catch his attention. Her blind confidence prevented her from seeing that her older sisters were much more desirable to the oafish cousin. He did not pity her. If she was like him, if she was heartless, then she did not need his pity. She would go on in life with the belief that she was the best creature there ever was. Yet, it still did not sit well with him that she had ignored him. He might afford to act the way he did, but a female? On his way back to the inn, he wondered what it would be like to win her over. It would be like a match against himself. Well, he had never shied away from a challenge.
Hello again! Here is the second chapter, which I hope you will like. I was very grateful and surprised by the number of reviews and wish to thank all of you for your support. I'm glad you like the idea. Thank you to the anonymous reviewers: Guest, mef, Andi, kgirl21, Guest2, kk. I'd like to add that from here on we are moving into AU territory, meaning there will be only some references made to canon, but otherwise, the events are fabricated and completely different. Please share your thoughts! Chapter 2 Wickham knew a thing or two about small towns. He had always lived in their vicinity, had always seemed to gravitate towards them. When he had been given opportunity to escape from Lambton, he had run. But one way or another, he always seemed to return here, to the festering seed of gossip and paltriness. Meryton was no different. On the outside it looked quiet and peaceful, but soon enough, he found himself embroiled in rumours and rivalries to match a courthouse. The townsmen were exceedingly curious of his history and concocted theories at every corner, and the officers were jealous of him and his vast superiority. Another sort of man might have grown a little anxious. His bread and butter, however, had always been rumours and the spreading of rumours. No fabrication or enhancement of his personal account could shock him more than his own fabrications and enhancements. Elizabeth Bennet would, no doubt, be asked to recount his story and he had made sure it would be a good one. Yet, he was not entirely safe. This, after all, was a period of trial, during which the Merytons would decide whether they liked him or not. So far, suspicion or contempt had not crossed their minds, but nor had they accepted him completely. The only danger seemed to be the officers, who did not appreciate his monopoly on most of the young ladies of Hertfordshire. Could he help it? Certainly not. And he was not about to deprive himself of the simple joys of conquests and flirtations. But he could appease them by showing a more charitable inclination. And what better way to do so than appear partial towards a certain young woman upon which no rivalry or conflict rested? The idea had remained fixed in his head ever since the dinner at Mrs. Philips'. It was a sensible diversion. No officer would resent him for approaching Mary Bennet. So far, all rumours in town and beyond confirmed what he already knew; that she was a haughty and unreasonable young woman of ill talents. Left and right, people confessed they avoided her society whenever they could. The ladies could not abide by her righteous pride and the young men grew bored of her long-winded speeches on duty and religion. But instead of turning him averse, this fearful reputation spurred him on. He imagined the look on the young men's faces when he went up to her, by his own volition, and engaged her in conversation. It was strangely satisfying, almost like attaching oneself to a lost cause. "My heart was and still is fixed on taking the cloth. Had I not been impeded, I would have been writing my sermons in Kympton and not enjoying your company here. And although this present situation is most delightful, I confess with indiscretion that I would have preferred that quiet life, but..." His voice trailed off in melancholy. "It cannot be anymore." The ladies around him sighed dramatically. Maria Lucas, in particular, seemed affected by his mask of sadness. But he aimed his darts in a different direction. Mary Bennet was positioned in close vicinity to his circle. She was standing next to Lady Lucas, who was speaking with Mr. Collins about some ordinary domestic troubles. She seemed engrossed in their conversation, but judging by the furrowing of her brow, she may have heard his speech too. When the rest of the women had dispersed, he drew near her imperceptibly, on the pretense that he wanted to listen to Lady Lucas and Mr. Collins. From the corner of his eye, he observed her for a moment. She was, if possible, uglier than she had been at Mrs. Philips'. Her glasses sat precariously on her oily little nose, making her look like a keen farm rat. Her lacklustre hair was pulled tightly behind her ears, draining the colour from her face. She had not been able to fashion any curls to frame her face, like the rest of the young ladies. Her ugliness was brave and open to the world. Her posture was straight and unyielding. If she felt the burden of her looks, she did not show it. He should have been repelled. He had little tolerance for such gross imperfection. He had rejected scores of women ten times her beauty. He had mocked the belles of the ball who had not risen to his demands. And yet, just as he had felt at Mrs. Philips', he found he was unable to pronounce her negligible. There was something about her that called to him, a revulsion that was spellbinding. He saw himself in that revulsion. He coughed and bent towards her shoulder. He needed to engage her in the object of her interest. "I envy Mr. Collins his service. He seems a happy, generous man." The girl turned towards him with the air of someone caught red-handed, but her face betrayed little of that disturbance. She blinked, almost as if she doubted his being there. "Mr. Collins?" she asked askance. "Your esteemed cousin." She affected nonchalance. "Yes, of course. But why are you telling me this, Sir?" Wickham raised an eyebrow. "Does he not live with your family?" Mary seemed puzzled by his questions, but her haughty demeanour concealed her unease. "He does, but I do not profess to know him." Wickham smiled. "I hear you are a good observer of character, Miss Bennet. I thought you might have insight into his." Mary was by now quite startled, but had a firm talent for the art of indifference which guided her to safety. "I suppose I am an adequate observer, but I fail to see why you wish to know my opinion." Wickham shrugged in a self-deprecating manner. "I once dreamt of a life like his, in the bosom of the church. I am hungry for a glance into what could have been my own fate." Mary eyed him with distrust. "You are wearing a militia uniform." "Yes. Hence, what my fate could have been. No doubt you've heard my speech to the young ladies." "No." Her cheeks were tinged with a fading pink. "Pardon, but I do not speak with strangers." She meant to walk away, but he turned on his heels and blocked her way. "George Wickham. We have been introduced before. In fact, the previous time, you were also ignorant of me." Mary fumbled with her gloves. He gathered she was not used to young men, especially handsome, uniform-clad young men, seeking her out and introducing themselves twice. "Ah. Very well, then. Mr. Wickham," she curtsied reluctantly, as if she were doing him a favour. As if she were a beautiful rich heiress who had deigned to receive his attentions. She looked over his shoulder towards other circles she might join. Wickham sensed her discomfort, but he was not about to let her go so easily. "I also attended Mrs. Philips' dinner. You played for us, as I recall." He attached no adjective to the last statement. Mary livened to some degree. "Yes, I do remember. I played fairly well, but was forced to perform out of my range by my relations." Relations, he chuckled to himself. She would make Catherine de Bourgh pause. "Well, I am glad you were forced, because otherwise, we would have had no music to dance to." "Oh. You danced with my sister, did you not?" she asked, comprehension illuminating her features. "Yes, your youngest." "Ah, I see." He smiled benevolently. "Yes?" "You wish me to speak to her on your behalf," she said knowingly. "You are not the first to approach me. I will tell you what I've told all of them. I will not encourage my sister to sin. She is very young. Speak to my father if your intentions are honest." Wickham raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Oh, but you've quite misunderstood me. I meant nothing of the kind. I did not approach you for your sister." He could see the confusion spreading on her face. She frowned and crossed her hands behind her back. "Well, you ought to have said so, Mr. Wickham. And now you may bid me adieu for I must join my family." Wickham smirked as she stepped around him warily. She looked like a weary socialite who had been asked to one too many dances. "Miss Bennet?" he called after her. Mary turned her shoulder towards him expectantly. "Will you be playing for us again?" Mary pursed her lips. "I shan't presently." "Pity. Music is the only luxury I permit myself," he said, although his perfume and linen spoke otherwise. "When might an occasion arise?" She took a step further away from him. "I am sure the pianoforte shall be applied to in the course of the evening." "Not by you, though?" They stared at each other for a brief moment. Wickham's gaze was traitorously sweet. He knew the effect it could achieve on a lady with weak knees. Mary's gaze was unflinching at first, but then, by degrees, grew softer. At first, it seemed he had accomplished what he wanted. She was affected. But slowly, he realized she had not been taken in. Quite the contrary. She had seen into the void. Wickham felt a strange tightening in his muscles. "No, not by me," she replied sternly and before he could put in another word, she stormed away, the hem of her dress flying behind her. The rest of the evening at the Lucases he spent in conversation with Elizabeth Bennet and Charlotte Lucas. Elizabeth had not been induced to any dwindling of sentiment. Her warmth was palpable. She introduced him to her good friend, the elder Miss Lucas, who was quite banal and plain in her features, but very amiable in manners. Her ugliness, however, did not work the same strange fascination on him as Mary's. Charlotte Lucas did not have that strange bloodless aura, the nature of the peripheral. Wickham had grown in the periphery of all good things, just close enough to reach them and steal a taste. Even kings could be born in the periphery. It was not merely a case of social standing. It was a malady, a little shadow with which you were brought into the world. It made you hard and proud and constantly afraid you might lose the small footing you had achieved. Charlotte did not have it. Mary Bennet did. There was dancing to be had, but the player was an indistinct young lady of the neighbourhood. He danced with Elizabeth two dances, one with Charlotte, one with the fourth Bennet girl whose name had once more slipped his mind, and one with Mary King, a wealthy young woman who lived in town. He had always loved dancing. Not because the bodies were brought together in motion, but because his own body could soar and fly. He was a selfish dancer; he cared little if his partner enjoyed his movements. He was immersed in his own being, although his mouth spoke the same pleasantries and his eyes caressed the same pretty faces. And as he spun Charlotte around the room, he let himself believe that he was not playing any games, that he was honest for once. Not honest to her, but honest to himself. When the movement required her to take the hand of the gentleman next to him, Wickham saw past her, across the room. Mary Bennet was standing against the wall, her head bent down in a book. Look up. Look at me, he urged with his mind. As he moved in a circle with the other revelers, he kept chanting to himself: Look at me, look at me, look at me... He tried to catch sight of her each time he reached the same spot on the floor, and each time, she was reading. Wickham ground his teeth. You could not ignore him. He was not to be ignored. He was a dark sun that demanded worship. But if a common young woman thought she was a dark sun, how could he compete? And then, when he had lost hope, she looked up. Her eyes roamed over the room absently. Her glasses had almost fallen off her nose. Her ugliness observed the crowd calmly. At length, she glanced at the couples dancing. Wickham smirked and bowed his head at her almost imperceptibly. It was enough for her to see. She quickly looked down into her book again, but not long after, she moved away from the wall altogether, as if it was no longer safe. Wickham tasted victory, but it was small and inconsequential. No, he wanted more. After all, a child of the periphery always did.
Hi, I'm back with chapter three, which I hope you will like! Thank you immensely for all your reviews and for giving this story a chance. I am grateful to the anonymous reviewers: C5 (thanks, well, Wickham's POV is largely dominant but we do get glimpses of Mary here and there, and in the future they will be more prominent), Guest1 (thanks, I like that too), Guest2 (thank you, very interesting review, you bring up some compelling points about Mary's uniqueness and I am very glad Wickham's voice is believably detached and desensitized), Guest3 (haha, yes, in a way, their union would validate both their twisted worldviews), Bil (thanks a lot!), kgirl21 (thanks!). I hope to hear your thoughts! Chapter 3 A dull week passed without events to challenge Wickham's bonhomie, but neither to increase it. The only thing of remote interest was a dream he had one night; it concerned Georgiana. He almost found himself recounting it to Denny over breakfast, but he stopped short, because he felt it would not really produce the right effect on his audience. He required a lady with whom to parley on the notion of dreams, particularly romantic dreams. He could imagine telling Elizabeth Bennet, or Maria Lucas, or even Mary King about it, but not Denny. And he would say: "I dreamt of Miss Darcy last night. She was scolding me as usual, in her haughty manner, but I did not mind. In fact, I believe I wished her all the happiness in the world and meant it. It's no good keeping a heavy heart. Better to forgive and forget, don't you agree, Miss-whoever-is-listening?" In truth, all he could remember from the dream was trailing small kisses down Georgiana's white arm while they sat in the shade of her favourite poplar. A memory of some years past, refurbished into a nightly distraction. "I hear we are to be invited to dine with the Bennets soon," Denny told him during the breakfast of his almost-confession. Wickham had hoped and expected such an outcome. "To be sure, the Lucases couldn't have us all to themselves. They only possess two daughters." "I see your head is rather in the clouds about one or two Bennet," Denny alluded, not unkindly. "You are mistaken, my head is fixed and firm on my shoulders. Would I could let it fly away from me! But alas, I am a man of steadfast reason." "I don't doubt it, but you must admit you have been fairly successful with Eliza Bennet." "I've been fairly successful with a great deal of ladies." "I know, and it's quite aggravating," Denny laughed. "We're almost hoping you settle on her." "Humph. I should have you all pay me in guineas for my sacrifice." "By the by, Hartley tells me he saw you talking to Mary Bennet intently at Lucas Lodge." Wickham paused in the laborious process of cleaning his fingernails with a wet napkin and looked up amused. "Intently?" "Well, he saw you being far too gracious to one so rude." "And?" "Nothing, but you should have told me you're inclined towards charity." "It is actually an act of kindness towards you, you ungrateful dog." "Me?!" Denny exclaimed. "Why, yes, you and all the officers. I've seen how they turn up their collars when I enter the room. They require me to renounce my supremacy over the female sex. And I am not so selfish as to deprive them of their fair share of conquests. I can entertain myself with the neighbourhood spinster every once in a while." Denny laughed good-humouredly. "Only you could possibly concoct such a thing, Wickham!" "Concoct? Oh no, I verily declare I am the regiment's anointed saint. But pray, beware when I return to my female horde. For I divide my time equally between beauty and ugliness." "You mean between Eliza and her sister?" But Wickham remained cryptically silent, licking the remains of marmalade from his bread with delight. "Poor Mary Bennet," Denny sighed, "she is pitifully ugly, isn't she? At least if she were sweet and gentle, like Miss Lucas. That lady is nothing to look at, but her lovely manners make up for any faults in appearance." Wickham shrugged. "An ugly girl who is mean-hearted upsets the order. She's got nothing to fear and nothing to hide." Denny put down his cup of tea and leveled him up with a queer look. "That's a funny thing to say." "Is it?" "But truly, how can you endure it? No man can have patience with a creature like that. And if you do it for the sake of appearances, you'll tire of it soon." Wickham listened and smiled. All such advice and warning only made him more certain of his course of action. "I see you are determined to cause some mischief with the Bennets," Denny declared. "Only if you'll join me." And so the two friends transpired to the Bennet household one cold but clear Wednesday afternoon, preparing not only for the ladies of the house, but for the vigorous and verbose Mr. Collins as well. The man was in high spirits and believed that the invitation had been given in his honour, so that the officers might enjoy his company. Said officers did not pay him much heed but throughout dinner, Mr. Collins addressed them numerous questions bound to both irritate and confuse them. Questions of station, rank and elevation, "queries that Lady Catherine herself would condescend to demand". To their credit, Wickham and Denny rose to the occasion admirably. This effort to be guardedly civil only raised them in the eyes of the ladies, who all disliked Mr. Collins. All, except Mary. Her eyes and ears were alert to anything Mr. Collins had to say and though she neither frowned nor smiled, her complexion was tense, suggesting involvement in the clergyman's well-being. She had a curious way of showing preference; like an embittered general, admitting long-last defeat. As if she resented Mr. Collins for exercising this influence on her. Her longing was brutal and stern, almost like no longing at all. It unsettled one with its depth and abrasiveness. And it was a hard thing to bear, for it made her features ever coarser. She's got nothing to fear and nothing to hide. Vulnerable, yet implacable. She had pulled away all hair from her face once more, and her roots were red, as her cheeks were sunken. One could see how the tender flesh at her ears begged to be released, but the knot at her nape was unforgiving. Wickham numbered such details with ease. His eye was cursed to catch these imperfections, these careless dabs which God had made on the frail canvas of humanity. He fancied himself an artist in this regard. As he made conversation with Mrs. Bennet, he noticed her yellowed teeth and her crested lips, and Jane Bennet, for all her childish beauty, possessed a fat little chin that would no doubt grow to be as large as her father's. Kitty's legs were too short for her own good, and the youngest, Lydia, had an excitable nature which sallowed her complexion and made the dark circles under her eyes appear more pronounced. It was distasteful in one so young. Eliza's pretty features, too, were marred by a pockmarked skin and rudely shaped hair parting. I divide my time equally between beauty and ugliness. No doubt, the girls were lovely still, but their ugliness, since it was well-hidden, lurked just beneath the roundness of their cheeks. Whereas Mary's ugliness was pure, unveiled. There was nothing lurking under it, and nothing above. You would find no hidden attraction, no diamond in the rough. Only the periphery. Wickham glanced at her when others could not see him. He was discreet about it, so discreet that he fancied Mary herself had not noticed. Yet, she had. They had been seated across from each other at the table; not directly opposite, but in each other's line of sight. So when, towards the end of dinner he put down his goblet and chanced to look up at her, she turned just then and their eyes met quite forcefully. A quaint little smile appeared at the corner of his lips and his eyes flashed humorously with reminiscence of their previous encounter at Lucas Lodge. He raised an eyebrow, daring her to reply to his look. Mary's hand paused over the cutting knife. She touched its sharp edge, one finger poised on the hilt undecidedly. She regarded him with perfect tranquility, but when she raised the knife her grip was not entirely steady. Wickham smiled. "May I assist you in carving the meat, Miss Bennet?" He asked this question very quietly, looking down at her hands. "No. Thank you." The words were wrenched out of her, polite but vicious. "Mr. Collins. You are sitting closer to Miss Bennet. I'm afraid she needs assistance with her meat." Mary blanched and almost gave a start, but luckily, Mr. Collins was much too preoccupied in his discourse with Jane to bother. Mary did not look at Wickham again. In the evening, the cards and game tables were drawn and the ladies took turns to entertain the gentlemen; Mr. Denny was doted on by Kitty and Lydia, Mr. Collins by Jane and Mary, and Mr. Wickham by Lizzie and Mrs. Bennet. Mr. Bennet had wisely retired to his study. But Mr. Collins demanded "Miss Eliza's attention too" and so there were various changes made among the couples and there was constant movement about the room as one lady switched from one group to another. Mrs. Bennet claimed to be vexed by all this "running about", but she coaxed her daughters to and fro with impressive agility; in particular, she advised Lydia to present herself to all the gentlemen since she was the liveliest and most attractive. Given such encouragement by Mamma, she was loud and boisterous. Wickham pitied the man who would one day wed her. Mary attempted to read to Mr. Collins, but availed herself of the task when he turned up his nose and said, "I do believe, child, that the officers are in need of more enlightenment than I am." So, she remained seated next to him, reading by candlelight to herself. She hoped he might espy over her shoulder the theological treatise she was perusing with some diligence. How frosty her looks turned when he rose and went to sit next to Kitty and Lydia instead! Someone else took his place. "Good evening, Miss Bennet, Miss Bennet." Wickham began a polite conversation with Jane while Mary turned her back further and buried herself in the yellowed pages. Mrs. Bennet, however, required Jane's presence immediately, because Kitty and Lydia were being rude to poor Mr. Collins, and for a short while and the first time that evening, Wickham was alone with Mary. "Now, Miss Bennet, will you speak with me?" "I beg pardon, I am not bound for conversation at the moment." Her eyes followed the lines of her book conscientiously. "You aren't upset about my silly words at the dinner table, are you?" "No, Sir." "I would truly despair if you found me ill-mannered." "I do not know about your manners." "Oh, but I try hard to improve them with good company," he replied, inclining his head. "That is fine," she muttered inattentively, although he could see that her fingers turned the pages too quickly. She betrayed herself in her hands. "Mr. Collins, I daresay, should learn to be a better gentleman." Mary clicked her jaw and gripped the spine of the leather-bound volume with unnecessary prowess. "That is an unjust remark. He is a perfect gentleman." "Perhaps…but to walk away from your side and leave you with me was careless of him." He spoke slowly, languidly, as if pouring wine into a cup. "You present no danger." "Indeed? Then I have failed." Mary looked up for the first time, her eyes adjusting to his vibrant presence with some effort. "You speak a great deal of nonsense." "Ah, I suppose I do. But thank you for showing me your face at last. Why, I do believe the candlelight is your best light. It renders your features soft." Mary's shoulders protested at his facetious words. They worked like small blades underneath her skin. The volume leaned against her chest precariously. She set it down in her lap and extended her hand towards the candlewick. Her fingers reached out and seized the flame between thumb and forefinger. Wickham opened his mouth, closed it and swallowed. He had no chance to stop her. A black smear of cinder darkened her fingers. She blew on them to cool them off. But already red blisters were forming on her skin. In that moment, he was seized by a mad desire to yank those fingers and press them to his lips, kiss them foolishly, taste the ashes. He reached out impulsively and touched the sleeve of her dress. Mary withdrew imperiously, placing the book between them. Wickham faltered, his face a mask of calmness, collapsing on a turbulent sea. She must have noticed he was not entirely composed, for she threw him a hard look meant to intimidate him further. But the more she gazed at him, the more strength he regained. With no dinner table between them, their eyes met directly and their messages were clear: Mary's seemed to say: I know you. Stay away from me. And Wickham's: I know you. I will not. Lizzie soon interrupted their brief exchange and no more was said and done about the matter. No one noticed Mary's fingers, or the burnt candle. Lizzie and Wickham had an amusing chat on the subject of Mr. Darcy again. They wasted no time in enumerating his faults with the shared knowledge of friends, but as Lizzie was apt to be less critical than he, the subject moved to that of the ball that was soon to be held at Netherfield Park and she wondered, spiritedly, what his intentions to that event might be. He replied with jolly humour that he would not be prevented from showing his face, but rather it was the guilty party who should tremble before exposure. Something in his manner must have failed to convince, however, for Lizzie smiled kindly and said, "Aye, you speak well. But I see you are troubled by the notion. I can understand it gives you displeasure to think of meeting Darcy again." Wickham stretched his gloved fingers and clenched his fists, pulling them at his sides. He felt his fingers were burning. His confidence and gaiety were marred every time his eyes landed on the burnt candle across the room, sitting idly by Mary's elbow. "Indeed, I cannot profess joy at our inevitable reunion. But I hope he will retain dignity. I do hope he will not succumb to the passions of the heart." As he said this, he clenched his fist again. He could not get rid of the singeing pain in his fingers. Mary never once looked up from her book for as long as he sat in the parlour that evening. The victory, tonight, was hers.
Hello, it's been a while! I hope you are still reading and thank you for your reviews, I am very grateful! Thank you to the anonymous reviewers Guest and yo. I admit this chapter is a bit different from the rest, in that it is going in a slightly darker, more mature direction, but seeing as this is mostly told from Wickham's perspective, it's to be expected, I think. I hope you enjoy and share your thoughts! Chapter 4 The night sky was speckled with the most horrid little stars. He had never taken a liking to the desolate canvas traversed by paltry white light. Some men waxed poetic. Some ladies loved the brilliance. He quite despised their distance, their irrevocable departure. The dark sky was nothing to look at, but the dark earth, that was a different story. He espied mysterious shadows coming out of the cracks in the soil, swallowing up entire streets and houses, rendering them not only invisible but quite uninhabitable. His imagination was bound to turn violent after a peculiar hour. Still, he was pleased with the outcome of the evening. He had chosen Meryton Inn over Netherfield Park and he was all the better for it. An encounter with Darcy would have spoiled much of his temper. Miss Elizabeth Bennet, however, was bound to suffer his absence the worst. He had planted great hopes, great joys in her with regards the ball. Now she must drink a bitter cup, like all ladies who depend on men for their enjoyment. But as his mind tried to capture Elizabeth's lovely waist in a white muslin dress, he also wondered what Mary Bennet was wearing tonight. Would she be just as careless with her looks, or would a gathering of this splendor propel her to more propriety? Perhaps her ugliness shone all the better under Bingley's chandeliers. Having smoked his cigar, he turned back inside. It was vexing that the poor girl sitting on his bed was weeping. Even more vexing, they were not real tears. Merely the apologies due to his sex. "So sorry, Sar," she said, instead of "Sir". "Don't discompose yourself on my account. It was not your doing." But the girl's shoulders kept shaking, wracked by spasms contrived with such agility that they threatened to undo her bodice. "Ah, I did somethin' wrong! Please, I want to repair my mistake!" Wickham's hand hovered over her weak shoulder, but at the last moment he pulled away and tied up his shirt. There was a chill in the room. It seeped through his boots and caused him to shudder. There was a small mirror near the bed, perched atop an overturned wooden bucket. He bent down to smooth his hair. His eyes were covered in red webs, as if a spider had tried to settle in his cornea. "There's no mistake to repair. You are perfectly lovely and did all you could to satisfy me, but I'm afraid…" he trailed off, looking over the small black hairs of his hands. "Sar?" "You are too lovely. Too beautiful." The girl peeked at him over her shoulder with the look of a child who had been done an injustice. Yet, she was not sure what the injustice was. He had reproached her beauty. "You are kind, Sar…" "No, no. You are. For a girl of your constitution and employment, those flaxen curls and that round cheek are too good to be true. Your skin shines without marks. Either you wash it constantly, or you must hide the imperfections well under the powder. The flesh is firm to the touch and your smell is bearable. And yet, yes, you are…dull." The girl rose from the bed with some degree of feminine dignity and draped her threadbare shawl over her shoulders. "Dull? Because…I am too lovely? How do you reckon, Sar?" Wickham sighed, letting a playful smile dwell on his lips. "I don't. But since I find myself unable to perform well tonight, I must draw the inevitable conclusion that I require you to be a small degree plainer." Mattie, for that was the young girl's name, pulled her shawl tighter and chewed on her lower lip in thought. "I – I could do that, Sar. If you tell me how." Wickham laughed shortly. "What a good sport you are!" He made her wash her face again to rid it of any remnant maquillage and then he undressed and dressed her again to his liking. He made sure the nightdress and shawl bore the signs of neglect, cast on her frame with little care for her shapes. Her hair he pulled into a braid and made her pin it to her head until no stray lock was unsettled. "Good. Now sit down in that chair. Here, let me give you a book." Settled with a volume in her lap, Mattie was transformed into a doting daughter, reading her nightly prayers. "Don't smile like a lamb. Scowl a little. Furrow your brow. That's right. Stick out your jaw. Good." Mattie did her best to comply, although her scalp ached from the pins and her arms were numb from holding the book on her knees. "Flip the pages. Read. Don't just pretend." He was pleased with the general effect. He had created a living tableau. If only Denny were here to see, he could attest it was a blonde apparition of Mary Bennet herself. What a good laugh they would have on the subject. Mary Bennett in a parlour house. A mean-spirited little jibe. Mattie too might laugh if she knew the lady in question. But he could not ask his friend to join him, for there were rules in such establishments and one was not allowed to trespass them. He sat down by the empty hearth and watched his little creation turn the pages with great purpose. She mumbled the words silently as she perused each line. She was truly a good girl. But her brow was beaded and her face was pained with concentration. He frowned. "No, no. Don't make it look like an effort. Pretend you are much smarter than the author." Mattie looked up for the first time in confusion. "Sar?" "Well. I suppose that's hard to convey. How about you say "I shan't give you the time of the day"? Can you utter that with conviction?" Mattie licked her feverish lips. "I – I shan't give you the time of the day." Wickham clicked his tongue. "Come now. You are doing so well. Do not embarrass yourself now. Again, and with feeling." Mattie winced and took a deep breath. "I shan't give you the time of the day." "Better, but let's try a bit louder and make your expression fiercer. No! Not more passionate. More recalcitrant." "Recalci…what?" "Look at me as if I were a scoundrel, then." Mattie was getting more and more confused. She rather resented the gentleman for wasting a good portion of the hour on such foolish theatricals. She had not eaten since morning and she sorely wanted to rest. So, grunting a little from the pins in her head, she arched her brow and said, in her most clipped voice possible, "I shan't give you the time of the day." Wickham pursed his lips and remained silent, folding his arms over his chest, staring at a fixed point above her head. At length, Mattie couldn't take it anymore. Asking him outright if he was ready to pursue their tryst was perhaps indelicate. Madame had taught her better. She set the book aside with a sigh and a toss of her head. She wondered if she should burst into tears again, to impress him. She had met several gentlemen with strange tastes, but they had never made her read and scowl. "Well?" She had not meant for the inquiry to sound so stringent. She had meant it with civility, but her back ached and she could no longer hold her head up. The rest of her body was numb. She waited with fear and trepidation for the officer to spit at her feet and walk out of the room. What if he complained to Madame? Her entire frame started trembling with anticipation. Tears welled up in her eyes. Wickham burst into laughter. "Oh, good God! You don't think I want to…? No, no, I did not put you up to this to arouse my desire. I merely thought it an entertaining little exercise…I would never deprave myself in such a manner." He laughed again, shaking his head as if to dispel the absurd notions Mattie had entertained. "What I need is a good walk to clear my head." He would not take his cigars, nor would he simply pace like a dog in a courtyard. He required a proper ramble to refresh himself and prepare for the day. "Oh," she mumbled in surprise. "Then, you'll be leaving?" He nodded his head cheerfully and deposited the money on her washstand. The fat wild shrubs bending in the cold wind reminded him of little wild boars. He had seen a pack of them, once, cross a forest path with their mother. Yet there was nothing in these empty fields, no creature with warm blood in this innocent landscape to remind him of the depths of wilderness. The light hues of dawn turned the scenery into a nursery room. It was rather meant for small babes and sweet virgins. He felt like a Pharisee, avowing faith where there was none. He rather liked it. Having reached a turnpike, he jumped off his horse and dusted his trousers. Perhaps a true walk was done on foot, but he could not so injure his boots. He looked up at the violet clouds and let plumes of steam roll out of his mouth. He was at the end of the world. Not that he had ever been at the beginning of it, either. He had never reached any great heights, but he had been contented to prevent others from reaching them. Suppose there was need for someone like that, too. Someone to weed out the weak. The stars had disappeared for good. He snorted under his breath. They were beautiful, too. Perhaps he really had grown tired of it. Beauty. Or maybe it was only a fluke, a temporary bad spell. He had been rather morose about the Netherfield Ball, although he had no future humiliation to fear, for men who refused to meet other men due to a debt or slight were scorned, but men who refused to meet other men so that they could ease the debt and slight of their opponent, were revered. Yet, he wished he had gone and shaken Darcy's hand, if only to see the look on his face. He still hungered for the Darcy name, sometimes. It came upon him from time to time like a shadow. The neighing of horses into the distance brought him up short. A carriage was approaching. Not wishing to be seen in such a careless state, he hopped onto his steed and trotted off to the side, until he was hidden quite well by the fat shrubs. "Keep quiet, girls! Your father is resting! One would have thought dancing slowed down your tongues!" The voices and whispers and giggles reached him despite the distance, for the silence was inexorable. He recognized Mrs. Bennet's wail of despair. But she was safely enclosed in the carriage as were her girls and their father. Whereas on top sat the driver and next to him – A young girl was leaning against the man's arm, her head drooping in slumber. The coat had fallen slightly off her shoulders and her white dress looked grey and thin over her skin. Her hair was a bird's nest, disheveled but still carefully arranged in a hideous fashion. She was not quite asleep yet, for she jumped from time to time at each jolt the carriage made. Her body seemed to rise and fall with each hole or stump the wheel overcame in its path. She opened her eyes briefly, only to close them again. She surveyed the shrubs they passed but did not notice him. Her brow was furrowed as she felt the first cold rays of sunshine touch her face. She squinted and scowled, as if the sun had committed a great impertinence, but then her forehead was smooth again as she parted her lips and inhaled the frozen air which, with the advent of day, seemed to become more easy to breathe. With a heavy sigh, she leaned her head against the driver's shoulder once more. The coat slipped further down her shoulders. Wickham waited for the carriage to disappear around a hill before he came out of his hiding. He rubbed his stubble with irritation. He needed a shave. He needed a bath. He needed to go back. Mattie had not expected to be called up from her blissful sleep, but Madame was jabbing her in the ribs quite painfully. "Wake yourself, child. You are required for duty. The last gentleman you served avowed he did not have you at all. No matter, he is willing to pay again." She was considerably surprised to see herself sitting opposite the curious man who had called her 'too lovely' again. He looked flushed. His walk must have done him well. He paced the room in wide steps, flinging his gloves and untying his waistcoat with haste. Say it," he demanded stiffly. "What I told you to say previously." Mattie had to shake her listless mind into order. There had been many things the man had said to her and none of them seemed to suit his present state of mind. The silence was prolonged infernally as she searched her memory to supply his demand. Wickham was growing more and more impatient with her stupid manners. Her blank expression irked him. "I told you. Look at me as if you despised me," he urged, untying his cravat. Mattie found it no great trial to cast him reproachful looks, for she was quite fed up with this game. And then, as if by magic, she remembered the desired report. She stiffened and drawing herself up, she said without fail, "I shan't give you the time of the day." Wickham was pulling the cravat over his head, but he stopped quite suddenly and looked at her with a queer darkness in his eyes. Mattie wondered if she should jump out of the chair or shout for help. He was upon her before she had time to gather her wits and she was shocked to find herself thrust up against the wall as his body towered over hers with need. He took her, burying his head in the nook of her neck. He was not unkind, but he was quiet and serious, almost scaring her when he growled her name in her ear. Only, no…it wasn't quite her name. There was no "r" in Mattie.
This has been an egregiously long pause, I know, I apologize. I finally broke through my writer's block and found inspiration for the story. There's mention of a psalm in this chapter, which isn't terribly accurate if you're a good theologian, but I'm taking some creative licence. Also, this is getting rather dark and weird(er). I invite you to listen to "Red Sex" by Vessel, as interesting accompaniment to this chapter. Thank you for all your reviews! I hope you enjoy! Chapter 5 It wasn't difficult to go through his excuses for not attending Netherfield Ball, since he had a tragic element on his side. A slighted man could absent himself from a meeting with his jailor and no one would dare construe it as cowardice. The only real hindrance was Elizabeth Bennet, but her disappointment was short-lived. She understood his reasons well enough. Still, Wickham could sense he had lost a small part of her. Well, Miss King was still his to woo, in any case. She only scolded him humorously on his absence and hinted at the fact that he must compensate amply for her disappointment. And so, he accepted her invitation to tea. The custom of the countryside demanded a Ball be the subject of discussion for at least a solid fortnight. The notable families of the parish called on each other to discuss prospects and impressions, while the less fortunate met in Meryton Square to indulge in gossip and speculation. They all pretended it was the height of civility, but underneath its decent veneer there lurked the thwarted desires of both sexes who hoped to regain power through conversation. Wickham was happy to encourage their vicious habit. Now that it was growing to be winter, he had to consider, in all seriousness, if he should disentangle himself slowly from Elizabeth Bennet and follow the path of marriage to the heiress King, or gamble on the probability that Jane Bennet would marry Mr Bingley and Elizabeth would be ripe for the taking. He would rather keep moving between the two, without making a firm decision, for one had the fortune and the other had the charm. If he could have them put together he might fashion his perfect bride. A droll fantasy, to be sure, for there was no such thing as an ideal partner. Certainly, his instincts rose with excitement at the idea of travelling to Italy with Mary King and likewise, his blood ran hot when he envisioned Lizzy Bennet in a wifely cap, doting on him and praising him to the detriment of Mr Darcy. But there was nothing suitable about being married. The fantasy would only last for some months, until the first child arrived. Then, it would be quite hellish, all things considered. Even without the squalling brats, he knew his heart would turn cold by degrees, as it did anytime he sat in one place for too long. Meryton would soon fall from his regard, like a forlorn mistress whose rosy cheeks had faded. He was in need of constant movement, constant elusion. And yet, he was obliged to make a decision. He might eschew a wife like Mary King easier. It was always the rich whose marriages fared better, for they could afford to see little of each other. Elizabeth would be more demanding, but her fortunes might be improved as well. Then there was the small and perverse distraction of Mary Bennet. This he was encouraged by all good sense to renounce. There was no charm or fortune waiting for him there. No conquest either. But as the weather turned increasingly dour, he found he was in no mood to give any of it up. He was convinced he could suspend his situation for a week or two longer. Mary King, Elizabeth Bennet, Mary Bennet...an heiress, a country beauty and a spinster. Money, love and fascination. Which one would win out? "I was truly dreading sitting next to Mr Pratt. His liaisons have been the talk of Meryton, you know. I wonder how Mr Bingley could think of inviting him." Wickham knew what the gossip was about. Pratt was one of the lesser skilled officers who had been unnecessarily conspicuous about his choice of mistress. Namely, he had stopped to speak to the Madame one evening in what he had believed was an empty alley. Poor fellow, he would be buried in injurious speculation, none of which was too far from the truth. "Ah, Mr Bingley can afford to close an eye against these allegations. The Militia will not tolerate incontinence, however," he assured Miss King's elder friend, Miss Templeton. "Indeed, I was thinking what you would say when you found out about such inelegance, Mr Wickham," she chirped in acquiescence. Wickham remembered wan little Mattie and her startled gasp when he had taken her against the wall. "I strive to have no ill thoughts, Madam, but nor can I ignore the failings of my men." "Why, I believe you did much better by not coming at all. I'm afraid the company was polluted, because Mr Bingley and his friends are not vigilant enough about these things. They should have asked for our help when dispensing invitations, but I suppose Mr Bingley is the independent sort. His father amassed his wealth in trade, did he not?" "Oh, come now, Lavinia," Miss King interrupted. "You are too censorious for your own good. Mr Bingley is a fine man with an amiable disposition. And you cannot extend your accusations to Mr Darcy. He is neither fine nor predisposed to amiableness, but he has acquired his wealth well." Miss Templeton blushed. "Mr Darcy is far superior to the rest, but I'm afraid he feels the difference of company too keenly to make any lasting acquaintances here." Wickham smirked to himself. Had Darcy made a victim of Miss Templeton? How amusing. "Did you happen to see Colonel Forster and Miss Watson, Lavinia?" Miss King asked, aiming the question at Wickham. "They danced two dances together which is very good for a married man, but not so good for an unmarried woman. Poor thing, her eyes were positively glowing. You must know him very well, Mr Wickham." "Yes, Colonel Forster is a capital fellow and I would not exchange him for another." "He has a very young wife, does he not? Rather flouncy little thing," Miss Templeton commented with some ire for being interrupted in her assessment of Mr Darcy. "Mrs Forster is very pretty, although her complexion is not the healthiest," Miss King observed. "Would you choose a young wife yourself, Mr Wickham?" He had expected the conversation to take up the subject of marriage at one point, but he had hoped Miss Templeton would not be part of it. "Why, am I not young myself, Miss King?" he asked with a cajoling smile. For a while they teased each other in this fashion, while Miss Templeton commented here and there that Mr Wickham would be better off with a sensible, older lady. "Oh, but I really felt for Mrs Forster when Mary Bennet sat down next to her and started talking about charity baskets," Miss King mentioned at length. "That was very gauche, indeed. Miss Bennet is a good Christian, no one can deny it, but her manners are always wanting," Miss Templeton agreed. "She resists any useful instruction on improvement, I'm afraid." Wickham set down his cup of tea and looked at the ladies through slanted eyes, as if he was deciding which half was more pleasing; the bust or the waist. "Charity baskets? Why would she bother the Colonel's wife with that?" "Well, she has taken it upon herself to conduct the Christmas charity banquet. Again. She does so almost every year," Miss King explained. "And every year," Miss Templeton added in an injured tone, "she hunts well-to-do ladies who are prone to loosen their purse for the cause. Then again, I doubt there is someone who wouldn't loosen their purse just to get away from Miss Bennet's sermons." "Now, Lavinia, you're just angry the vicar put her in charge instead of you," Miss King intervened kindly. "That is nonsense, indeed. The vicar had little choice in the matter when a devout lady like Miss Bennet pursued him so incessantly," Miss Templeton commented with bitter irony. Wickham looked down at his hands with interest. He could see it all before his eyes; Mary Bennet running after a whiskered vicar who couldn't flee fast enough. He chuckled to himself. "A Christmas banquet," he spoke idly. "I would have thought Miss Bennet deplored all manner of entertainment." "Oh, no, it's nothing like that," Miss King clarified with good humour. "The banquet could hardly be called a banquet. It's a very dull affair. After Mass, there's gathering at the vicar's home. The most exciting thing about it is some carol singing and the dispatching of charity baskets." "How very quaint. But I suppose charity is a noble occupation," he observed amiably. "Noble though it may be, it should not be prescribed with such taxation upon the innocent. Poor Mrs Forster couldn't get up from her chair for an hour straight. And after Miss Bennet finally left her, her spirits were quite low and her mood was positively dreary. I could barely get a word out of her," Miss Templeton remarked, affronted both by Mrs Forster and Mary Bennet. Wickham was sorry to have missed the scene. He tried not to let his smile upset Miss Templeton. "And did she secure the donation from Mrs Forster?" "And how! She fleeced the woman of all her coin! I believe the Colonel will not be fond of the Bennets for a while after he hears it," Miss Templeton replied with some satisfaction. Wickham's smile broadened, but he directed his gaze at Miss King, so as to appear in collusion with her. The lady blushed and leaned forward to pick up a book. When his eyes lingered admiringly, she flushed, not suspecting that his mind was elsewhere. He lost himself, briefly, to the reverie in his head; his dull little spinster stripping the wealthy of their precious baubles. He bit into the china as he raised the cup to his mouth. The clock above the mantelpiece beat as lackadaisically as his heart. "Do tell us what preoccupies you so, Mr Wickham." "He is wondering where Lizzy is, I'm sure." "Lydia!" "Well, aren't you, Mr Wickham?" He smiled benevolently and turned away from the fireplace. "How right you are, Miss Bennet. In fact, I mourn the absence of all your sisters. But I take my delight from the muses that are left me," he said, looking at each of the ladies in turn: Lady Lucas, Maria Lucas, the two youngest Bennets, and the matron herself, Mrs Bennet. There was a general tittering at his words, most of it coming from Kitty and Miss Lucas. Lydia only smirked with self-intrigue, since she had been the one to engage him in conversation. How proud of herself she looked. How perfectly satisfied they all were with him! He wanted to split their heads open, but he knew he had no taste for real violence. He had let his so-called disappointment over Elizabeth render him silent. She and Jane and the elder Miss Lucas had gone to visit Mrs Philips in town. He rather envied their lot now. Lucas Lodge was a goose pen and he was the poor worm in its midst. He could not hide his boredom so easily this afternoon. Denny and Carter might have borne it better, but he was positively restless. He went to sit in a chair next to Lady Lucas. She, at least, would not ask him about Elizabeth or Netherfield Ball again. Not because she was not a busybody, but because she was more preoccupied with her own daughters. "I have heard you also have a younger son, Lady Lucas. Is he at school?" he asked politely. "Oh, no, Sir. My Samuel is barely ten. Although it is kind of you to remark on his studies. He is a mule of a boy, but very sharp and quick to learn. Why, I'm sure he'll come trotting back to us any moment now, Miss Bennet at his wake. He hardly ever has the patience to say his lessons." Wickham looked over the lady's shoulder almost in expectation. "Miss Bennet?" "Oh, yes, Mary is such a dear, she often listens to Samuel's scriptures. We hope he might take up the profession when he grows up." "Do you?" he asked, already getting up, restless for her. He found his little spinster and her charge in a quiet alcove in the library. He parted the door quietly and made his steps soft on the carpeted floor. He was a cat, waiting to ambush its unsuspecting prey. How he would enjoy her look of surprise. The young boy's voice rang like polished crystal in the dimness of the afternoon. "…sin directs the heart of the wicked; their eyes are closed to the fear of God…for they live with the delusion, their guilt will not be known and hated." Wickham recognized the psalm quite easily. A wistful smile played on his lips; oh, those were fervid, empty nights spent at Cambridge, reading sacred books only to piss on them later. "Go on, Samuel," he heard her speak coolly. But the little boy was stumbling now. "Empty and - and false are the words of their mouth; they have – they have ceased to be wise and do good…" Wickham heard a sound like nails rapping against wood, and her calm, frozen voice again. "Yes?" The silence was agonizing and shameful. The little boy had forgotten the rest of the psalm. He stood there like a crying statue. "If you do not tell me the rest, you don't get the biscuit. And I shall not help you this time," Mary warned in a low voice. "In…in their…" Samuel tried, wracking his brains to remember. Wickham knew an entrance when he saw one. He stepped around a shelf of books and made himself known to the party. "In their beds they hatch plots, they set out on a wicked way, they do not reject evil," he recited solemnly, his eyes unblinking. "Lord, your love reaches to heaven; your fidelity to the clouds…" Mary's little mouth opened with a soundless gasp. She stared at the intruder with something like contempt and awe. "Psalm 36, if I'm not mistaken. A marvellous choice," he added with self-importance, giving Samuel a benevolent wink. The little boy heaved a sigh of relief for his timely intervention. "Shall I go on?" Wickham offered with a small curtsey. "I could." Mary shut the book of psalms in her lap. A small cloud of dust settled on her shoulders. Wickham's eyes glinted ferociously. "The lady looks surprised at my knowledge. You did not believe me when I told you I dreamt of a life in the bosom of the church, did you?" Mary raised her chin a little. "Samuel must finish his psalms, Sir. You might be kind to let us finish our work." "I might…" he trailed off, ruffling the boy's hay-colored hair. "But the young lad's been called by his mother. Run along, then." Samuel did not need to be told twice. He bowed stiffly and lumbered out of the library at a quick trot. Mary pursed her lips. She gathered her skirts to rise from the chair, but Wickham raised a finger towards the tin of biscuits she kept on the table. "You are forgetting something, Miss Bennet." "And what is that, Sir?" "My reward. After all, I recited your lesson." He thought he saw a flush on her cheeks, but her complexion was so poor it was hard to tell. She was made of sharp glass. Mary wavered between shadows. She could have refused his request. But she did not. She reached into the tin with trembling fingers and took out a small biscuit. "Here then." Wickham took a step forward, and like a cat pouncing upon the mouse's curled tail, he snatched her wrist, not very gently, and raised her fingers to his mouth. Mary hissed under her breath. Her joints screamed in protest. His teeth bit into the biscuit. The warmth of his cavity made her skin prickle. She pulled away her hand, nursing it to her chest in deep offense. Wickham chewed at the biscuit critically. "Poor Samuel. This is hardly a savory recompense." Mary glowered at him. "I must retire to the drawing room to my family." "Must you?" he asked glibly. "We are alone," she clarified, staring at his throat, the way he swallowed the biscuit. "And that is improper." Wickham gave a jerk of his head. "You are welcome to leave, madam." Mary clenched her jaw and the bones seemed to protrude through the skin. She gripped her little book of psalms and made to go past him. But at the last moment, his fingers reached out and coiled around her elbow and pulled her slightly towards him. "Tell me, how does the psalm end?" "Sir, unhand me –" "Not till you tell me how it ends." "I will scream." He almost laughed. "No, you won't." The ugly ones never did. Mary's eyes narrowed to swords. "I saw you." Wickham's hold of her loosened an inch. "What did you see, Miss Bennet? What accusation will you unleash upon me?" "I saw you on the road that morning. As we were coming back from the Ball. You were hiding in the shrubs, like a grave-robber." His eyes blinked, but the gauze of shining dark did not disappear. He was momentarily blinded. "You saw…" he trailed off, his throat contracting by degrees. He remembered her weary white figure, and her head leaning upon the driver's shoulder. She had not been supposed to see. Yet what threw him in a maelstrom was the queer epithet, "grave-robber". Why would she say something like that? Why would she bring up the world of corpses and earthly mounds and tombs? Why would she sink him into such an underworld? Why? His heart raced. Mary parted her lips and the air tasted like victory around her, although she did not look the least bit satisfied. And yet, there was a sly shadow around her features. She leaned forward an inch, and said quickly, "The psalm ends like this. "Do not let the foot of the proud overtake me, nor the hand of the wicked disturb me. There the doers of iniquity have fallen; They have been thrust down and cannot rise.." " She yanked her elbow out of his grasp like a bird which knocks its nest from the tree, heartlessly, and walked out of the library. Wickham stood in the centre, feeling emptied and vast, at the same time. He tried to summon her figure back with his mind, but she was gone to her sisters. And yet he pictured her return. She would fly to him in hatred, and he would drag her down by her hair until she was prostrate on the floor and he would kneel over her, and they would let the hand of the wicked disturb them. Money, love and fascination. Which one would win out?
A smaller absence this time. I'd like to thank you for your lovely responses to the last chapter, I'm happy to find that more of you are coming on board this ship! This chapter veers quite a bit into AU territory; we're still following P&P timeline (roughly), but the narrative is radically changed (you'll see what I mean). Excuse any inconsistencies, I'm terrible at keeping track of canon. But I hope you'll enjoy this chapter. Also, for anyone who'd like to give it a listen, I've made a soundtrack for the fic, you'll find it on my 8tracks profile (write "8tracks dot com slash cherry cup slash let not the hand of the wicked disturb me"). Chapter 6 The news came that late morning like a pail of cold water on his back. It was Denny who informed him with a stupid grin that there was word – "mind you, only rumors at this point" – that Mr. Collins had proposed to one of the Bennet sisters. There was no word yet on who the "lucky" girl might be, or her answer. But it was assumed she had said yes, for Mr. Collins would be the rightful owner of Longbourn after Mr. Bennet's death, and it was desirable to secure the estate for one of the children. Wickham shrugged mechanically and told Denny he had woken him up for nothing and rested his head on his pillow again, feigning sleep. At least until his obnoxious friend left his rooms. Afterwards, he got up and started pacing the length of his bedroom in aimless agitation. He could wager a bet as to who the future bride might be. Hadn't he taunted Mary about it during the party at Lucas Lodge? The deep, crushing anger he felt was like a fine powder sliding down his gullet. He felt deprived of a special toy he had carved from wood with his bare hands. After all, hadn't he singled her out from the dour mass of spinsters, whose bleak infertile bodies and sagging tits and yellowed skin bespoke a destiny of misery and hatred? He gnashed his teeth and clenched his fists in the perfect imitation of a devious child. He would show her. He would punish her for this. He stormed his writing desk with one shaking fist. And then – then the rage turned sour and he calmed down, by degrees. Mary had probably done this to spite him after their conversation in the library. Certainly this was a reaction to their meeting. But by God – to marry a fool just to prove a point! No, she was too steady a character for something so ludicrous. And yet, she must have, for there could be no other Miss Bennet – A sudden flicker dawned on him, something which might have been hope, but it was too mean-spirited and callow. What if it wasn't Mary? What if Mr. Collins had proposed to some other ignorant sister who did not appreciate and admire him as Mary did? It was as if the rainy clouds had parted and the brilliant sun shone through clearly. Oh, how delightful! If Mary had been cast aside for one of her vain little sisters, how furious and injured she would be. Wickham started dressing quickly. He had a feeling he was right. And if he was, the delicious irony of the circumstances and his pleasure from it could not be delayed. He embarked on a journey to find out. He had at first wondered if it might be considered ungentlemanly to "call upon" the Bennets under such trying circumstances, but he needn't have bothered. The house was in a state of such sad confusion that he was actually quite welcome. The first to greet him was Miss Elizabeth Bennet, who actually thanked him for coming over to inquire about the run of things. She had been so harried with the events of the day that she was glad to see a friend. Wickham was soon given a sparse account of the failed proposal, for Mr. Collins had been, against all odds, denied. "Mamma is bed-ridden as of yesterday and will speak to no one," she informed him tetchily, as they took turns around the garden. "But you will not judge me for my actions, will you, Mr. Wickham?" Wickham was much too satisfied with the outcome of things to say anything of consequence. He was afraid he might betray his mirth. The oafish clergyman had indeed proposed to the wrong sister! He cleared his throat, holding back a smile. "I would have judged you more had you accepted him." Lizzy seemed pleased at his remark. "And where is the jilted suitor now?" he asked, looking back at the house. "He has been invited to stay at Lucas Lodge to our general relief, though I'm afraid he will impose on poor Charlotte's nerves," she told him with a guilty smile. "I daresay he will," he concurred, having no doubt that the Lucases would try to snare him for one of their daughters. At length, Lizzy invited him in for tea. The atmosphere in the house was oppressive. It was as if someone had cast a veil of silence over the place. There had been screams and recriminations before, but with Mrs. Bennet gone to bed, only the echoes of those accusations remained, like an omen floating over their heads. "You will be destitute when your father is no more!" the echo seemed to say. Not even the judicious playing of Mozart could disperse the brooding climate. Wickham walked into the parlor to find Mary seated at the old piano, drumming at the keys with great zest. Her back was straight as an arrow and her chin only slightly bent towards her music sheets. Her fingers hardly paused when Lizzy told her Mr. Wickham had come to inquire after them. "You will forgive her, she cannot tolerate interruption while she's practicing," Elizabeth excused her. Wickham studied the object of his attention with a wandering eye, rushing from skirt to skirt, absorbing her in small gulps. He did not want to draw attention to his staring. She did not seem particularly dispirited this afternoon. Her ugliness was just as undisturbed as before. There was something wonderfully constant, almost roguish, about her coarse figure. "I mean not to interrupt her then," he spoke, lingering on the back of her dress before returning to Lizzy. Soon after, Jane Bennet joined them, looking very much disturbed by a letter she was holding in her hand. Before her sister could inquire about it, Mrs. Hill, the housekeeper, issued an invitation for Mr. Wickham to join Mr. Bennet in his study. Perhaps he should have suspected that, given the circumstances, his interview with Mr. Bennet might touch upon matters of matrimony, but he had been distracted. He regretted that ease of mind now. "What are your intentions towards my daughters, Mr. Wickham?" the man asked him after several empty pleasantries were dispensed with. "I'm afraid I do not understand, Sir." "I think you do. Your conduct has been judged favorable in their eyes, but I remain to be persuaded. You must know by now that Mr. Collins has offered marriage to one of my daughters. Do you have the same intention? Have you designs on one of them in particular? Or do you plan to charm them all without much consequence? If the former, you must tell me seriously. If the latter, I will not begrudge you." George looked at the grandfather clock which struck the hour behind Mr. Bennet. He could have easily said that he was stationed at Meryton only temporarily and when his time should come to leave, he would depart without any strong attachments. After all, heiresses the likes of Mary King were as abundant as foxes in the plains of England, and and as for spirited country maids, why, the whole continent was brimming with them. The Italian poets never ceased to sing about their simple girls. The French were enamored with milk maids running with flowing skirts behind them. There was no shortage of feminine glory under the sun. He should have told Mr. Bennet exactly so. But a little demon whispered in his ear. The same demon that told him it would be quite amusing to make love to Georgiana Darcy. He could not help it. It was the shadow with which he had been brought into the world. "I have entertained a hope in regards to one of your daughters, Sir, though I do not know if she will accept me." Mr. Bennet's brow leveled curiously. "And who might she be?" The sky which had been cool and bright that morning was now overridden with fat November clouds, portents of snow and rain. The sun looked like a chipped orb, a winter crystal of frozen gold. By the time he left Mr. Bennet's study, the parlor was empty. Jane and Lizzy had repaired quickly upstairs. He had no way of knowing it was a letter from Caroline Bingley which had upset the sisters and forced them to retire. But he found Mary still sitting conscientiously at the piano. His vanity persuaded him she had been sitting there for his benefit. "Miss Bennet," he addressed her fully. "Have you been waiting for me?" Mary's hands continued to apply themselves to the keys, though the volume of her playing was subdued. "I'm waiting for no one," she replied stiffly, keeping her eyes on the music sheets. "Certainly not for Mr. Collins. He must have disappointed your hopes." Mary turned her wrist an inch, as if discarding a bothersome ornament. "I am disappointed Lizzy did not say yes. We could have kept Longbourn." Wickham raised an eyebrow, approaching her from behind. "Would you then condone a marriage of pecuniary interest? Hardly Christian of you." This seemed to touch her a little. She pivoted on her stool. "I condone a marriage of duty." He crossed his arms and stood before her piano. He knew he struck a handsome pose. And her eyes could not avoid him. "Duty? That sounds rather worldly to me. A woman or a man only marries out of duty when there is a scandal involved." She shook her head like a sparrow, her shoulders sharp like claws. "That is not at all what I meant, Sir. By duty I mean – the duty one has before God and one's family." He frowned, letting his palm linger on the polished lid. "I understand the duty to one's family, but not what you mean by the former." She clicked her tongue impatiently. "That is just as well. You will never have need to understand." Wickham drummed his fingers against the cool black surface. "Humor me, Miss Bennet. Do not condemn me to hell by not explaining your sermon." Mary bristled, the shadows of her face closing against him. Or perhaps, around him. "One has a duty before God to marry the person whose presence leads one out of sin." Wickham laughed a cold laugh. "You think Mr. Collins would have led your sister out of sin?" "Certainly," she replied seriously, turning her head away. "By such reasoning, one must marry someone whose very absence leads one to sin," he argued cleverly, watching her splintered reflection in the black lid. Words have a mysterious perfume which is felt only after they are spoken. He dwelt in the silence of his last remark until he realized how much power it had over him. One must marry someone whose very absence leads one to sin. He remembered taking the Madame's girl against the wall. Her absence and sin. The afternoon light – a cloud-light, grainy and grey – turned the room into a calm sea. The air trembled like waves. His fingers tapped against the lid, disturbing her reflection. His eyes darted towards her heart, but her chest was hardly rising. It was as if she had stopped breathing. You can't breathe underwater. She was drowning with him. To break the waves between them, she slammed her fingers against the keys, beginning to play a jaunty tune that her younger sisters would have dearly liked. He flinched, disturbed by the melody. "I apologize for my conduct at Lucas Lodge. I fear I may have insulted you." Mary looked not at him, but right above him, inspecting a soft kernel in the wood of the door frame. She seemed to waver, to cling to the immateriality of whatever was behind him. The song lagged under her fingers. "You did not insult me. You only insulted yourself." His eyes narrowed, observing the fjord of her mouth, the unforgiving slant of her neck. How strange to like a woman so ugly. "I aim to recover my dignity, then," he replied with deceptive ease. "Perhaps… I will even marry myself out of sin." Mary had no way of knowing what he had done, what he had told her father. Half of her mouth turned up into a disbelieving smile. "Good luck to you, Mr. Wickham." The little demon had whispered in his ear, would it not be delightful if, instead, she married the man she loathes? What if she were forced to accept you? For there was money and there was beauty in life, that was true, but these territories were not new. They had been trammeled by many feet before him. He was an explorer, a deviant adventurer who sought terra incognita. Virgin land. In the bowels of the earth, under the half-moon of fingernails, below the stays of an ugly woman's dress - there was untried experience. He went back to his lodgings in a state of mean excitement. Mr. Bennet had not denied him. He was free to ask for her hand. At any given moment, he could seal her fate. He could take her with him and hide her from the world. He sat down by the fire and stared into its flames until his eyes were glassy with dreams of their odious union. He yearned to see Mary in a little white veil, wringing her hands in shame, tearing away at her flesh, because she now belonged to him.
A longer chapter to compensate your waiting. As ever, thank you for your responses and for your continued interest in this story (which is getting darker and weirder by the minute, haha). The charity baskets were mentioned in chapter 5, if you need a refresher, and there are mentions of Mary and Wickham's meeting in the library at Lucas Lodge (also in chapter 5). I'd recommend listening to Fiona Apple's "Sleep to Dream" while reading. Hope you enjoy! Chapter 7 She had seen the portrait once in Sir William's library. She had been skimming a volume called The Society of the West Indies when she stumbled upon it. Quite by mistake. She saw a dusky woman, her skin much darker than hers. She wore a coral necklace around her throat. The beads were a fleshy red, like the teeth of fish or babes. The woman was dressed in very plain yellow gingham, but she looked like a respectable young lady. Except perhaps for a grey shadow at her lips. Under her portrait was written: Hanover, Jamaica. She tried to find her name, but no one had bothered to put it down. She was meant to be nameless. In the dream, he was putting a coral necklace around her throat and it was the same as the woman's from Jamaica. In fact, she wondered if he had stolen it. She could believe that. She could believe that of him. He was horrible enough. She wrenched her head away, but it only seemed to help him. The necklace slid into place, like a key into a lock. Their mother was howling. It was the whine of little animals under the unyielding wheel of a rickshaw. Mary drew the heavy pillow over her head and the sound became a muted whine. Kitty kicked her in the leg. "Mary, I'm afraid. What if Mama goes insane?" Her sister's feet were cold. Mary burrowed herself in the hollow in the mattress. She quite disliked it when Kitty snuck in with her. Usually, she'd warm Lydia's back in the other bed, but Mrs. Bennet's fresh bout of despair had made her seek an older audience. When Mary happened to look across the room, she saw Lydia was still sleeping. That was just as well. Neither storm nor fire could wake her up before she felt like it. After a few more of Kitty's insistent whimpers, Mary turned around and stuck her elbow in her sister's ribs. "She won't go insane. That only happens to very depraved souls." Kitty sucked on her thumb like a little girl. "Depraved souls?" "She's still in good stead, I believe," Mary continued, rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "But do you think she's right? Do you think Charlotte will turn us all out?" Mary swallowed down the chalk taste in her mouth. She craved cold water, the colder the better. But the pitcher was empty. She rolled on her back and stared at the ceiling. She could feel Kitty's lukewarm breath on her neck. Would it be unfeeling to tell her to breathe away? "No. Mr. Collins would have to give up his rectory in Hunsford and Father would have to be dead," she explained calmly, although Kitty was hardly comforted. Mary had no talent for consoling. She was not frightened of the future. But she disliked the present. It had all transpired so quickly. Charlotte Lucas had given them the news the day before. She had wanted to inform Lizzy personally, so that she would not hear it from strange quarters. After that, there was no more peace to be had in the house. They had all gone to bed early to avoid Mrs. Bennet. Mary did not like the course of the world. Everything went by too fast. Affairs succeeded each other like the waters of a river. You never sank your foot in the same river twice. That's what Heraclitus thought, anyway. But it went beyond that. You were not even given the chance to sink your foot. That was the rub. The river flowed and you sat on the bank and wailed, like her mother. Suppose Mr. Collins would have made a good brother-in-law and suppose it would have been a relief to remain in this house until old age. But it didn't matter now. She had been swept away with the river and she'd had no say in it. She quite loathed not having her opinion minded. Mary did not know what exactly she would have said or done to persuade Lizzy to wed, but she felt it would have been noteworthy. She felt there was something waiting at the back of her throat, something wise and beautiful. Every morning she tried to cough it up. Kitty breathed loudly on her shoulder. Mary wanted to push her away. She was old enough now, but her fate was still thrown in with her younger sisters. She wished she could remove the scales of sister-blood from her constitution and give them to someone else, some lucky soul who yearned for sisters. She said a small prayer for the health of her family. That was her way: a mean little temptation followed by asking penance. She said a prayer for Charlotte too, because everyone was abusing her. There, that was a fine thing to do. She would not say a prayer for Hanover, Jamaica. The dream was becoming a faint memory, one she had already decided to deny. There was to be no celebration for the engagement of Mr. Collins and Charlotte Lucas. The former was taxed to return to his parish and inform his mistress, Lady Catherine de Bourgh, of his latest accomplishment. The man moves fast, George thought with some modicum of admiration. This must have been a record in matchmaking. One had to be bold as brass to woo one lady on Monday, and acquire a new bride by Tuesday. Meryton was divided; some said Mr. Collins had been promised to the Bennet sisters and that the Lucases had conspired against them. Others, who were better informed, suggested that the Bennets did not know how to keep Mr. Collins happy and that they may have even insulted him. It was all very droll, if one had time for such things. But with Mr. Collins out of the way, Wickham had to turn his attention to the task at hand; namely to decide if he wanted his own little bride. He'd go about it as he always did, as if he were adopting a new skin. Perhaps if he had appreciated his talent outside the business of misleading people, he would have become an actor. He was the natural kind - the kind that does not spend time in his own body. He was a traveller, and he travelled many Wickhams, never settling for one. This one - the dedicated suitor and satisfied husband of Mary Bennet – this one was a startling innovation and one that could not last long, but it might wear the shape of him, after all. As Christmas was fast approaching, so was the traditional Christmas banquet. Miss Lavinia Templeton had already expressed her bitter disappointment at being excluded from the formal proceedings for the sake of the parochial Miss Bennet. But Lavinia and poor Mrs. Forester, whom Mary had fleeced at the Netherfield Ball, were not her only victims. A list was being passed around the parish with names of families that had not yet contributed to the charity baskets. No one knew who had conjured this list, pressed it on the Vicar and then broadcast it among the congregation. But Miss King and Miss Templeton could confidently hazard a guess. They whispered about the indecency of pretending to be Christian and spreading calumny against innocent people. Mary felt no reproach, even as she heard these young ladies vociferate at the end of Sunday sermon. No method was too obscure or loathsome if it was in the service of the poor and the weak. Charity baskets were not the work of Mammon, but rather its greatest enemy. No one could trick Mary Bennet into a sense of remorse she did not feel, for she worked more diligently for the cause than anyone else in the parish, and she did not care for rewards. The banquet itself left her cold; the small festivities and caroling which would take place at the vicar's home on Christmas Day were rather a nuisance. Her true pleasure was dispatching the charity baskets at the very end of the ceremony, when most of the guests would be yawning in their cups. It was here that she reigned as supreme judge over the flock. She relished in the task of overseeing small children and discouraging them from putting their hands inside the baskets. She felt it was only natural to raise a critical eyebrow at the families whose baskets were small or procured shoddily at the last minute, and it was her due to pass sentence on those gentlemen and ladies who had given more than was fit, adorning their baskets with unnecessary riches, either from a sense of shameful guilt or from a vanity that was hardly welcome on this occasion. The poor and feeble that were meant to benefit from this charity were not exempt from judgement either. Their worth was decided by the manner in which they accepted the baskets. Would they say 'thank you and God bless you' in a polite, articulate way or would they mutter something verging on incoherent in their fists? Mary surveyed them all and judged them all. Nothing is better sometimes than casting judgment on others. The Bible does not strictly forbid it. The Old Testament, in fact, recommends it in very sanguine terms. If one were to remain as blind and hapless as a lamb, one would not get very far in holy matters. Blessed are the meek and they shall inherit the earth, but if you are not meek, your duty is to preside as shepherd. That is true responsibility and it is a difficult one. You must be your own private god, from time to time. Of course, you're always in danger of tipping ever so slightly into blasphemy. But Mary knew how to skate around the edge with precision. Denny was surprised that Wickham was procuring his own charity basket for the occasion. "I thought the Colonel would present one in our stead," he observed, inspecting the various items of clothing and perishables that were carefully stashed inside a wicker basket. "Are you trying to appear a cut above us, Sir?" Wickham grinned. "I don't need to try anything, I already am." Denny laughed and chucked a pair of cufflinks at him. "Or are you trying to impress a young lady of fine means?" Denny wondered, sitting down by the fire. "Because I tell you, Miss King and Miss Templeton are tired of the whole scheme. They are very cross with Miss Bennet." Wickham smiled to himself. "I imagine they would be." "Why do young ladies hate each other so much, eh? I've never understood." George took up the snuff box from the window sill. "Don't be so naïve, old chap. They would not fight so keenly if we were not the prize." Denny laughed once more, though his eyes seemed unsure. He did not see himself as a prize. And that was why he might never make a favorable match. He lacked the confidence to appear better than he was. In truth, no man ever deserved a woman. It was just a matter of make believe. She sensed a pair of eyes on her back, a second shadow rippling through her shawl. She felt it almost as a touch, like a small animal which had burrowed under her clothes. She had seen a pack of voles in the churchyard last summer. She imagined them running over her body now, seeking fresh game. She shifted in her seat. Her limbs were stiff from sitting so still. But she would not take her eyes away from the vicar. She always paid close attention to the Christmas sermon. She still felt the gaze of something sinuous at the back of her neck, little teeth, little red beads like coral… When the service came to an end and she helped her mother up from her seat (she was still melancholy and involved in her own misery), Mary looked across the aisles in search of the voles, but she received only the blank, sleepy stares from the congregation. No officer in sight. Her feet creaked on the packed snow, and the sound secretly delighted her in its stony irregularity. She imagined the earth getting scraped and scrubbed, the dead insects relinquishing their venom, the mud crumbling into dust and then into a fine white powder. She had told the vicar she would wait outside, for it was not too cold yet and she enjoyed a little exercise after such a long service. She would never be censorious of a man of the cloth but his rhetoric sometimes lacked vigor and his similes were mired in abstractions. No wonder that the elderly sometimes nodded off. Where was the passion, where was the steel belief in his own word? How can one live the word of God if his messenger is so removed? Of course, far be it from her to adopt the impulsive Wesleyan method of preaching, but there was nothing wrong with a little fervor. She sometimes pictured herself at the pulpit and it always struck her as beautiful. Like all beautiful things, impossible. She stomped on a little mound of snow until it was flat. Oh, she was getting impatient now. They vicar was supposed to take her to the rectory so that Mary and his housekeeper, Mrs. Barton, could prepare the festivities. No one thought this arrangement improper, least of all her father who was spared a carriage ride. If only he would come down sooner. She had walked round the tower and was ambling towards the back-gate, opening to the graveyard. A chill crept into her bones. She started thinking of the way the charity baskets should be arranged when she saw him in the distance. He was walking among the graves, the brim of his hat obscuring his face. But of course she recognized him. Mary looked over her shoulder. She could walk back whence she came and stand in front of the church and wait for the vicar. She could. But she went forward and opened the little gate. Her feet creaked on the packed snow. . George Wickham narrowed his eyes as he saw her coming. She was wearing a heavy black cloak whose hood she had pulled over her head. A pale mean face stared back at him from within. He thought of arctic expeditions beyond the Hebrides, of Inuits in ice houses and rough furs. "I stumbled upon a most felicitous epitaph," he announced in jaunty fashion. "Here, let me recite it for you." He glanced at the funeral stone. "Here lies a sorry soul whose life/ meant more to him than to his wife." Mary walked up to him with small steps. Her mouth was pursed. "It does not say that." "You don't believe me? Then come closer and have a look." She might've known she was being fooled, but she stepped forward, craning her neck like a bird about to be throttled. The words on the stone were faded by weather and difficult to make out. Wickham raised his hand and threw back her hood. Mary issued a gasp, but her face betrayed no surprise. "How dare you." It was not a question, and she did not seem to expect an answer. She pulled up her cloak with quick, clumsy motions. "I was only vexing you, Miss Bennet. I am quite good at that." "You said you were turning a new leaf." "And so I am. I've come to pay the Lord a visit." He tipped his hat. Mary wrung her gloved fingers. "The service is finished." "Well, even the dead need company," he drawled, pointing at the graves. "Or is it you imagine I've been waiting here for you?" A sudden flush came over her cheeks. "No." Wickham nodded his head. "I'm bringing a basket for the banquet." "That is good of you." "Just good? A paltry reward, if I ever saw one." Mary's nostrils flared. "If you are only doing it for compensation, you should save yourself the trouble and stay home." Wickham issued a barking laugh. "Perhaps you'll give me another biscuit." It was painful now to remember the scene which had passed between them in Sir William's library. Mary looked up at him with a strange light in her eyes. "Why must you always talk like this? Why do you never mean anything you say?" His smile splintered into small membranes, vessels of blood that swam under his skin and pulled his face tight. His thoughts were gradually drained of form and color. He saw the world as it was - white and shapeless. And no creature could undo it. They were helpless. He wanted to say something deep and cutting and profound, but he did not know where to begin. Every time they met, there seemed to be a fog in the middle, a gap where he lost his footing, though he was always confident that he would make it on the other shore. His feet creaked against the snow, crushing it under his boots, turning it into slosh. "Pull down your hood." Mary blinked repeatedly. She wanted to ask why, but there was something imperious and honest in his voice that disturbed her more than his request. She raised her hands slowly and she let her hood down. God alone knew why she obeyed, and perhaps not even Him. Wickham stared at her thinly coiled dark hair. It was not pitch black but rather chestnut brown, washed down and smoked like a piece of meat. He stepped forward until there was very little decent room between them. "One day, I will sink my hand in that hair," he said, staring at its inflexible darkness. He meant an allusion to marriage, the evil pact between a man and his possession. But words slip out of meaning here and there, and what emerged instead was a strange sense of candor. As if Wickham had unburdened himself to her. Mary cocked her head a little to the side, her lips working out a difficult passage. She was stranded in the gap, in a white and shapeless world. She could not speak the words she wanted to speak. At length she said in a small voice, "I doubt you could. It is very rough hair." And as if to prove it, she pulled at a few strands next to her ear, but they did not give in. A heavy draft of snow fell off the steeple with a plop and the sound echoed sadly in the churchyard. Wickham opened his mouth and watched his breath become steam. "Rough," he repeated impersonally, almost as if he were stepping inside another Wickham. He had a vision, an inverse memory of the future, of slamming her cheek against the church wall. She would, of course, be silent. She would swallow pain or ecstasy. She would only glare at him while he gripped her hair and yes, it would be quite rough to the touch. He reached out like a blind child, governed by need, and gripped the strands by her ear and pulled her head forward. He kissed the corner of her mouth and his tongue traced her lower lip. He kissed her again, teeth running along her Cupid's bow. Her mouth parted and closed, as if it was gasping for air. His stubble left red marks on her jaw. She breathed into his throat. His fingers dug into her scalp. It was a fever in the cold. It was over before it had started. She pushed him with her small hands and they both scrambled backwards, two foxes surrounded by hounds. Only the graveyard had been witness, but Mary felt it was a crowd. She looked around her in great alarm and wiped her mouth repeatedly. Wickham wiped his own mouth, mirroring her to the letter, his expression closed off. He wanted to understand himself. Why had he done that? Had he really wanted to kiss her? The curious thing is she did not run away. She walked steadily away from him in small steps, not once quickening her pace. As if bolting would only confirm the offense. She had forgotten to pull up her hood. "Goodness me, poor Miss Bennet must be on her deathbed if she was willing to leave the baskets to us," Miss Templeton commented with immense satisfaction. She was only too happy to take over the little zealot's duties and honors. In fact, as she would later relay to Miss King, the banquet had turned out the better for it. A cheerful evening that did not stink of mortification and hypocrisy. Poor Miss Bennet, taking ill at such a time. Still, God provides, doesn't he? "What a relief, isn't it, Mr. Wickham?" Miss Templeton smiled a glassy smile. He stared into his small cup of wine, seeing something obscure in the dregs. "Indeed." The children gathered in a small circle with little bells around their wrists. One Miss Garrick sat down at the piano. She was not out in society yet, as she was only fourteen. But such gatherings were permitted to the very young. He thought he saw Samuel Lucas among the young boys. They all sang in sweet little voices, and their fathers and mothers clapped noisily because this was their progeny. He was impatient with it all. He imagined her cold lips, fluttering like butterflies. He drained his cup. He itched to find that little whore who had resembled her faintly. But it was a nuisance to make her act and talk like Miss Bennet when he could have the original. There was no way around it now. Tomorrow at the crack of dawn he would go ask her father for her hand. It was not that he loved her. It was not that he felt he could be faithful to her in any way. But if he did not have her, he would damn this place to hell. . She saw a brilliant white beach in her dreams. The seashells were toasted in the sun and the water was a deep turquoise that stung your eyelids. She wanted to cry to ease the glare of light. She was walking on the shore in a yellow gingham dress and she was throwing each coral bead in the sea. The water turned pink by degrees, and then a pale lilac. She knew what would follow. Mary knelt down and pressed her face to the sand. It was like snow. She woke up in the middle of the night and touched her throat.
Incorrigibly late, but still very much determined to continue! Thank you all for still putting up with me and inspiring me with your lovely reviews. The plot is moving forward and we are both following and disrupting the P&P narrative, as we shall see. Hope you enjoy! (oddly enough, the soundtrack for this chapter is "Strict Machine", by Goldfrapp. I think it has something to do with Wickham's cunning and his unorthodox feelings) Chapter 8 Though he did not carry out his plan the very next day, Wickam was fixed in his design. He waited until after New Years' when there would be less excitement. He prepared his speech with great relish. He whispered the words when he was in his cups with a fetching wench on his lap, and she laughed to hear him propose marriage. "Very soon I shall possess her," he told the little whore wistfully, and when she asked him who the lucky lady was, he only smiled mysteriously. He did not bed the whore, though she was a fine thing. "I am a faithful husband, you see," he japed, kissing the white flounce of her breasts. The truth was that he was too impatient. His mind and body were inflamed, but he could not sate himself with what was being offered. He craved the pleasure which was hidden deep in a vault under the sea. He craved the shadowy figure that came to him in dreams and spoke to him of their resemblance, of the mean delight they would share. The following morning, he rose at the crack of dawn and performed his careful ablutions, ridding himself of any foreign stench. Today was the day. He was determined to seek out Mr. Bennet at his earliest convenience and ask him for his daughter's hand in marriage. If need be, he would even allude to their intimate moment in the church yard. Heaven knew he was not above such strategies. But he hoped he would not have to resort to unsavory persuasion. For who else would take his daughter off his hands? No, he expected to get the business done in under an hour. So fervent was he in securing this new object that he almost dismissed the officer who came knocking at his lodgings. He was in no mood to present himself to Colonel Forster for whatever derisory task was required. But the officer persisted. As Wickham clambered down the stairs and struggled with his gloves, the young man rushed after him, holding a piece of paper in his hand. "Sir – Sir, allow me to inform you." "Not right now, man. Can't you see I'm busy?" "But I must tell you – Colonel Forster's plans have changed." "They can wait, whatever they are." "No, Sir. The whole regiment's removing to Brighton, a week from today." Wickham paused comically on the last step, still struggling to put on his gloves. "The regiment – what?" "Yes, Sir, that's what I've been meaning to –" "Why the Devil are we clearing out so early?" he asked, glaring at the poor young officer who was blameless in this affair. "We were supposed to leave in March." "I only just heard it this morning, Sir. But the Colonel wanted me to deliver the news before the day began." "Blast this whole wretched –!" but Wickham managed to stop in time. He remembered he was supposed to appear gentlemanly to his inferiors, lest they got the wrong idea. This boy needn't know his mind. He schooled his features into something resembling cordiality. "Forgive my outburst, but it is a surprise. Well, we shall have to comply with the Colonel's wise mandate." The officer nodded weakly and handed him the official requisition. Wickham crumpled the parchment in his gloved fist. This, of course, was damnably inconvenient. He couldn't very well ask for Miss Bennet's hand as he was about to leave the parish. He suspected this sudden call for departure was Mrs. Forster's fault. He was privy to the rumors that the Colonel's young wife was growing bored with the little country town and had expressed her unhappiness on more than one occasion. There was also the fact that there were many handsome women in Meryton who eclipsed her good looks. Wickham cursed the Colonel for being so unmanly to let himself be guided by the female creature in all her glory. Was he any better, though, he reflected? Here he was, preparing to run like a dog to Longbourn to commit himself to the sort of young woman that many in good society would have found insupportable. What if Mary Bennet adopted in marriage all of Mrs. Forster's silly whims and childish caprices? Wickham walked along the crowded main street with a scowl on his face and many a merchant who knew him did not dare to disturb him when he was so put out. Of course marriage was a defeat – this had always been his understanding. Both parties surrendered something precious in the act; their freedom. Freedom was essential for life. If there was such a thing as love, it must be so strong that it surpassed the need for freedom. So perhaps this abrupt change of plans was a godsend. Maybe it was trying to prevent him from making a big mistake. He stopped in the center of the town square where a dwarfish column had been erected some twenty years ago to commemorate the centennial of Meryton's existence. He stared at the Romanesque effigy until his eyes started to water from the sun's rays. A hundred and twenty years ago, these shops and houses were but the verdure of some large farms. What difference a century makes. He felt as if time were pressing on him just as it crowded around this square. He removed his handkerchief and wiped his forehead. Yes, people changed after marriage. But Mary Bennet would surely not become as dull as that. He remembered her walking among the graves after he'd kissed her. A dull creature would have run. A dull creature would have not said to him so many strange things. She would not have bewitched him with her very ugliness. He knew the depths of her perversity, the depths that no one else could guess or see. He had sunk his hand there once or twice, and it had hardly been enough. The only way to seize her properly was to get her beloved church involved. And wasn't she already his, by right? He could not imagine she had ever kissed another man. He was certain she hadn't. Going by her catechism, then, she was already married to him in spirit. He smiled to himself. Mary Wickham she'd be, even with this obstacle in the way. And yet he could not desert his post. He had to make for Brighton. In that case, he had to devise a clever plan. He would find a way for Mary to follow him. He ought to visit Miss Templeton first. If anyone knew more about this change of plans, it would be her. Colonel Forster's jowls shook slightly as he regarded the young lieutenant in front of him. He had not expected to be bothered right after his luncheon, when he was in the habit of sitting by himself and falling into reveries (a more courteous word for nap). "Could this not wait, Mr. Wickham?" "I'm afraid not, Sir. You see, I come on behalf of Mrs. Bennet who has confided me with a rather…sensitive task." The abashed look on Wickham's face made the Colonel curious. What could that good woman have demanded of him? "It has to do with Mrs. Forster, I'm afraid." "Ah," the Colonel sighed. He doted on his young and silly wife, often found her irresistible. One of her catlike smiles was enough to render him useless. But sometimes he regretted not having proposed to that sensible spinster cousin his mother had pushed on him. Now he had to reap what he had sown. "The good lady has written to Mrs. Bennet with an invitation for the youngest Miss Bennet to join her in Brighton," Wickham explained for that was the intelligence he had gathered from Miss Templeton. Colonel Forster stared into the bowl of his pipe, as if displeased with the contents. "Has she, now? And how old is this Miss Bennet?" "I believe Lydia is fifteen, Sir," Wickham confessed with a troubled air. "Hm. I suppose Mrs. Bennet is naturally opposed to this arrangement. I shall talk to my wife –" "Actually, Sir," Wickham interrupted him eagerly, "Mrs. Bennet is most honored by Mrs. Forster's kind invitation but she would only ask for the good lady to extend it to one of the elder sisters as well. She would feel much more at ease this way, you understand." The Colonel could already feel a headache coming on. Two unmarried young women following in his wife's wake! He did not want to contemplate it. "It seems to me that the sensible thing would be to extend no invitation to anyone," he grumbled. Wickham smiled demurely. "I'd hazard to agree with you, Sir, but in such matters I defer to Mrs. Bennet. She is anxious that her daughters might have opportunity for society. And we would not want to disappoint Mrs. Forster." The Colonel puffed his pipe in irritation. "No…we would not." He would certainly not hear the end of that. But he didn't like that Wickham had guessed as much. "Has Mrs. Bennet made you the recipient of all her grievances? Should I expect you to return with another missive?" he asked, exacting a small revenge. It had the warranted effect. Wickham shrugged his shoulders miserably. "As you know, I've grown familiar with the family. I could not refuse to assist." He looked as if he would have liked to refuse. The Colonel was sufficiently amused. He decided that would do. "Very well…if my wife could invite one Miss Bennet, she can very well invite two. Though I draw the line at two, mind you." "Of course, Sir. Mrs. Bennet will be very happy with this arrangement." The Colonel wanted to return to his reveries. He was losing his patience. "Well, what name shall I give my wife?" Wickam's smile betrayed no personal triumph as he uttered the young lady's name. Mary clutched the letter between her fingers as her sisters shouted abuse at each other. "It should have been me!" Kitty wailed. "She should have asked me, not Mary! Did you speak ill of me, Lydia?" "I said nothing about you! I can't think why Harriet would do this! I don't need a chaperone! Mama, tell Mary she can't come with me! I'm old enough!" Mrs. Bennet clucked her tongue. "Quiet, quiet the both of you! My poor nerves are frayed as it is! Lydia, you should be grateful for the honor, and you should be happy for your sister! Why, Mary hardly ever has a chance to go out in society! Kitty, dear, you are already much admired by all the officers–" Kitty wiped the angry tears tracking her cheeks. "I won't be admired if I'm to be stuck here, while the two of them go to Brighton! I hate this cruel world!" Elizabeth came into the room and took her sister by the arm. "The world has done you no harm, Kitty." "Yes it has! I'm cursed with bad luck!" And she promptly dissolved into tears on Lizzy's shoulder. Mary paced the length of the room, saying nothing. Her eyes were still fixed on the letter. She absently chewed on her thumb as she read the slanted lines again. Something lurked behind those words, something foreign. She felt it. She felt his influence. Yet she could not voice such thoughts. "Mary?" Lizzy asked over Kitty's shoulder. "Are you all right?" She did not know. She did not trust herself to speak at the moment. She felt kissed again. She had wiped her lips with vinegar in front of the mirror, but the sensation of his stubble was still there sometimes. He had put his mark on her and it seemed to pulse now. "Of course she's all right!" Mrs. Bennet exclaimed, snatching the letter from Mary's fingers. "She's more than all right. She's very happy to be going, aren't you, Mary?" Mary shook her head, her eyes still seeing something beyond reach. "I suppose we would all feel more at ease with you watching over Lydia," Lizzy conceded reluctantly. She would have been quite unhappy to send Lydia alone with the militia. Still, the house would be almost empty. Uncle and Aunt Gardiner were taking Jane with them to London as soon as the weather improved. She suspected she would miss having sensible sisters around. Mr. Bennet, however, was more than happy with an emptier Longbourn. He yearned for a reprieve from the daily theatrics of family life. He gave his blessings quite readily. "Now make sure you keep your sister out of trouble, Mary," was the last thing he told her before he locked himself in his study. Mary stared at the door for a few moments. Keep her out of trouble, but what of me? Behind her, Lydia and Kitty continued to bray noisily and Lizzy and her mother tried their best to console them. Mary knew that if she begged admittance into her father's study and told him everything that had happened between her and Wickham he would forbid her from going. It was clear to her that only he could have orchestrated the events in such a way. He seeks my downfall, she thought broodingly. The snow was melting outside, for it was unseasonably warm for January. Perhaps this is only God testing me, testing my will, she thought, clasping her fingers together until they throbbed. Perhaps a downfall would happen, but not to her. She did not go into her father's study. Lydia sprinted ahead of her to the carriage door. Her cloak flapped behind her like a wild tongue. Mrs. Bennet shouted at her not to rush or she'd sprain an ankle. Mary walked calmly forward, though her heart was beating very fast. She clutched her satchel for dear life. She didn't want to go, after all. She wished she could turn around and run back home. Brighton was no place for her. This was all a mistake. But the footmen had taken their trunks and deposited them in the luggage cart and it would be awfully silly to ask them to untie the ropes and carry them back into Longbourn. Mrs. Forster waved a gloved hand at them and beckoned them inside the carriage. "I am so sorry we cannot delay to speak with your family, my husband is already quite cross that we haven't made more progress on the road," Harriet Forster intimated with a tight smile as the two girls settled opposite her. She was trying to hide her displeasure at having had to invite Mary Bennet along. The dour girl had pestered her all evening during the Netherfield Ball with her charity baskets. Now, she was forced to make polite conversation with her. She hoped that she and Lydia could get away from her matronly gaze once they arrived in Brighton. As it was, she turned to the youngest Bennet and began a private conversation. Mary stared out the window and watched her family home dissolve into the morning mist. The familiar fields and meadows rolled away from her and became anonymous parcels of land. She had never travelled outside of Hertfordshire. She was terrified and eager at the same time. Soon enough, the carriage arrived on the main road and there it joined a long line of coaches and horses and infantry, all in their full red splendor. "My husband must be riding ahead in the coupe," Mrs. Forster simpered, gazing admiringly at the red uniforms. The carriage which had made quick work until then slowed to a snail's pace. Mrs. Forster invited the riding officers to approach and keep them company. Mary heard the horses trot in time with the carriage wheels. The sound was unpleasant. Too much like a march. She wished the carriage would go faster, she wished there weren't so many uniforms besieging them. But she regarded each figure that passed her window with sharp eyes. "…with you amongst us to light our path, we shall have wings, good ladies," Captain Denny was waxing at Mrs. Forster's window. Lydia leaned forward to ask him a question. Mary did not bother to listen. There was a figure riding next to her window, demanding her attention. She could only see the lower half of his uniform and his dark stead. "Are you happy to be riding with us, Miss Bennet?" his voice called out just loud enough for her to hear. Mary swallowed the sweet syrup at the back of her throat. She had known it was him. "Not as happy as you, I imagine," she replied evenly. There was a moment of silence, punctuated by the horses' trot. She could not see his face, but she watched him tighten the reins, watched him yank them until his leather gloves groaned. The motion sickened her. She craved water and air. She craved to be out of this carriage. She imagined him putting those reins on her. Her insides were filled with dread and - something else. "I hope to see you happier when we arrive. In fact, I depend upon it." He spoke with something like sincerity, but she could by now discriminate his artistry. She could tell when he was mocking. She could also tell when his mocking had a more sinister purpose. Wickham clicked his stirrups and his horse dashed forward, leaving the carriage behind. Mary felt the familiar mark above her lips and she wiped her mouth severely.
Late as usual, but I hope you find this chapter to your satisfaction. Until next time! Chapter 9 Mary dragged her heels against the sand-strewn promenade. The grit made it difficult to walk without forever stopping to remove small stones from her boots. Her companion, a Mrs. Kenilworth - whose greatest accomplishment rested in being the mother of not one, not two, but three officers - had grown tired of her interruptions. She admonished Mary for not securing her laces better. A young lady ought to take good care of every inch that was available to the eye. "Yes, ma'am," Mary replied in a docile fashion, though anyone who knew her would have noticed the morose, almost petulant note in her tone. She lifted her eyes to the sea. Brighton would have been insupportable without the sea; that grey pearl, that tireless beast, the faithful mirror. When at Longbourn, she had always claimed to like the pastures and the mountains better, but now, watching the spray worship the shore, she began to realize that many of her tastes had been rooted in the notion of comfort. The sea was uncomfortable, almost unpleasant. You couldn't stand too close to it, but you could not turn your back on it either. You had to be careful around it, because it drew you into its folds. She respected this inexorable quality. The sea was a tonic, keeping her on her guard. The sea also reminded her of the beach in her dreams, the water turning lilac, the gingham dress. She wondered, will the rest of that dream come true? "I hope not," she said out loud, and Mrs. Kenilworth shook her arm. "What's that, Miss Bennet?" "I was only saying – I hope we shall find a resting place soon." Her boots were beginning to scuff her ankles and her breath was a little labored from walking uphill. Lydia, on the other hand, was brimming with energy. She was walking arm in arm with Mrs. Forster, strutting happily ahead, ever watchful of the world around her. Do you realize we're only here to chaperone them? Mary wondered miserably, staring at Mrs. Kenilworth's damp bonnet. No, Mrs. Kenilworth was not aware. She chattered on about the new tablecloths her youngest son had purchased for her dining tables. Mary turned her head back to the sea. She soon got lost in the morass of her thoughts again, asleep to the rest of the world. She would have continued in this sedate fashion had there not been a commotion further down the promenade. When Mary turned to look she saw that Captain Denny and Lieutenant Carter had taken hold of Mrs. Forster and Lydia, and were trying to tempt them to cross the promenade to the shore for a proper "bath". Mary could very well imagine the two men had emerged from the sea, for they had come upon their walking party of a sudden. Then again, Mary was not the most observant of creatures at times like these. Captain Denny professed that Colonel Forster himself had sent him with the task of keeping the ladies entertained. Mrs. Kenilworth huffed, for only one half of the ladies were entertained. She made an impatient gesture with her fan. "My eldest boy, Richard, is a Lieutenant too but he would never behave so poorly." But soon she was mollified when a small bevy of four officers emerged behind them. They had followed Denny and Carter with the intention of keeping Mrs. Forster company. There wasn't much to do in Brighton except follow around handsome, married women, it seemed. Mary was soon surrounded on all sides by men in uniform. Mrs. Kenilworth tittered happily. She was glad to be able to talk about her three boys with the officers, who were no strangers to her sons. "Alas, I haven't seen my two eldest since they were shipped off to Ireland with their regiment. Needs must, of course. But my youngest is traveling down from York and will arrive in a fortnight, should the weather hold." Mary was asked a question or two; whether she liked Brighton and if she and her sister had been introduced to the Ton at the "Pavilion", the magnificent palace erected by the Prince Regent himself. Mary lifted her shoulders. "We have not had the honor, but I do not think it matters, one way or another. People put too much stock in introductions." This catechizing tone dampened the officers' enthusiasm, but Captain Denny, who had overheard her, removed himself briefly from Lydia's side to issue his own opinion. "Surely, as Colonel Forster's honored guests, you ought to be received at the Pavilion for a reception. Mrs. Forster must ensure it." Mrs. Forster laughed uneasily. "Would that I could, my dears, but protocol is so very strict among the Ton. I shall appeal to my husband, of course." "Oh, I would so love to attend a reception there!" Lydia piped up. "Imagine if we should meet the Crown Prince!" Captain Denny and the rest of the officers laughed, for there was little chance of it, but they humored her nonetheless. "He would fall trap to your charms instantly, good lady. Best for him to stay away." Mary listened to the prattle with half an ear. She had fallen behind again to pick pebbles from her boots. She watched the company walk steadily ahead of her. Mrs. Kenilworth did not command her to join her, for she was occupied with the officers. Mary breathed a sigh of respite and stood on the promenade, gazing at the sea. Other passers-by were scarce, only a handful of ladies and gentlemen in thick winter cloaks, for the season was chilly. There was a vendor or two, waving their wares without much heart. She stopped by a seashell cart which boasted trinkets and bracelets and necklaces of coral and beads. The feverish dream came upon her again and she stared at the objects with a strange sense of foreboding. Behind her she heard the sound of coins jingling. "The necklace, my good man. The red one, I should say." His voice, unmistakable, like fish oil, like the pebbles in her shoes – scraping and scraping. Wickham stood very close to her as he made the purchase. Mary tried to move away, but he pressed two fingers to her elbow. "Now, now. I cannot let you run off on your own. A young lady must be accompanied." She could not imagine whence he had descended. It seemed impossible for him to have come upon her so silently. Had she been so lost in her thoughts, so careless with her honor? "For you," he said, presenting the satchel which was weighed down by the necklace. Mary drew back, though his hand was still on her elbow. This was just like the dream. He was going to put it around her neck and she would be shipwrecked. "I don't want it, Sir." "Why ever not? You can accept gifts from one you are so familiar with." Mary burned with shame. She took hold of his wrist, meaning to pry away his hand, but her bare fingers touched his skin and she felt lightheaded. His flesh, all the way to the bone, was far too warm. Why had she taken off her gloves? Wickham smiled down at her. It was an ugly smile. He turned her around and they started walking down the promenade once more. "You have a delicate touch, Miss Bennet. Have you had reason to practice?" Mary opened her mouth in outrage, still trying to gain her footing. "Of course not!" He laughed at her. "Oh, but I know you've been flirting with the officers night and day." "You know I do no such thing." "Is it because you wish to prove your loyalty to me, little wife?" Mary managed to remove her elbow from his hold at last. But she kept walking by his side. "Don't call me that. And anyway, it is not the wife who need prove loyalty to you." Wickham pressed a hand to his chest. "Why, do you doubt my fidelity, Mary? My devotion to you?" Mary wrinkled her nose in disgust. She ought to tell him not to call her by her Christian name either. "One day you'll get tired of this game," she told him at length. "And leave me to my peace." Wickham smirked. "I trouble you, is that it? Hm. I can't fully enjoy my triumph for you see, it is you that does not give me peace, madam." Mary felt the urge to go tell him to drown, to be as vulgar as him. Go and throw yourself in the sea! The violence of her anger unsettled her. Her previous stoicism was laid bare. She wanted to throttle him. It was his fault she was here, it was his fault she could not walk away. She felt like a puppet with strings. "I dislike you very much," she said eventually, letting only half of her anger show. "Nay, I may even hate you." Wickham studied her face framed by the turbulent sea behind her. God, he'd forgotten how perfectly ugly she was. He wanted to take her face and do unspeakable things to it. He would kiss her only at the end, after every humiliation was finished. She would scratch her eyes out. "I may hate you too," he replied jovially. "For that is the way of marriage, no?" "We are not –" "But we will be, quite soon, I should imagine." Mary knew he was only toying with her, jesting for the sake of jesting, but a sliver of fear coursed through her anyway. "Yes, I was thinking an elopement would do us both much good," he continued, letting his boot slide against the folds of her dress. Mary shied away. She couldn't see their company ahead of them anymore. No Lydia, no Mrs. Kenilworth, no officers. This walk alone was already damaging enough. If Wickham should tell people about that dreadful kiss too, her fate would be sealed. He could ruin her. She turned to him with bright, nervous eyes. "I want to elope from you rather than with you. Please, Sir –" "I won't be a tyrannous husband, don't worry. I might even let you read from time to time. But not before bed. I don't want you spending your energies that way," he continued, leaning his head towards her, the dark cast of his face making her heart skip a beat. Mary had had enough. She grabbed the hem of her skirts. "I must catch up with the others." "I told you, you're not running away –" But before he could stop her, she had dashed like a rabbit past him down the promenade. Her boots scuffed and filled with pebbles, clacking against the gravel like the rapping of a rifle. Wickham opened his mouth. She was a tantalizing blur in front of him. Andromeda running from the sea monster, for he was no Perseus. He barked out an angry laugh. "I do love a good hunt!" He ran after her, trusting in his speed and agility. And yet she was faster. Despair coated her feet and gave them wings. Wickham felt his breath shorten and his limbs ache, the accoutrements of his officer's garb weighing him down. Sweat pooled down his back. The little nymph! Giving him such trouble. Yet this could not go on forever. Her boots gave up on her, treacherous things. Mary stumbled. He caught her. It was as if a wave had charged against her. He grabbed her by the waist to steady himself, but almost knocked her over. He was breathing harshly. Mary disentangled herself and hobbled a few steps further. He caught her again, wave after wave. Neither had noticed that they had climbed down from the promenade and were now running towards the beach. The exercise had turned her cheeks a bruised, apple-red. Her boots were filling up with sand. Wickham tasted sea spray on his lips. They almost felt like children at play. "You can't run into the sea," he said, holding fast to her waist, pulling her towards him to prevent her from dashing off again. Would she do it? Run into the sea? She wondered. It would make that awful dream come true, in a sense. But she did not believe in such things, no. It was against the good doctrine. "I know," she accepted miserably, staring into his eyes. "But we could take a ship, if you like. Elope across the ocean," he said, turning his head towards the waves. He looked disheveled, careless of his usual distinction. "It is a form of running." Mary frowned. "That sounds more escape than elopement." He returned her gaze. "We all wish to escape, secretly." "But we cannot," she replied, though she had meant to say 'should not'. Moments later, Captain Denny and the rest of the officers appeared as if summoned down the promenade. Wickham whispered to her. "Fall down, pretend you're hurt." Mary understood quickly. She let herself sink to the gritty carpet of sand. "Ah, there you are!" he cried angrily. "Miss Bennet has sprained her ankle and none of you gentlemen were available to assist her! It was a good think I came upon her myself!" Mary had to give him credit for the lie, though she did not at all appreciate it that the stratagem required him to carry her back to her company. She tried not to scowl as he bent low and winked at her. He took her in his arms, one arm under her legs, one behind her back, lifting her up without much tenderness and yet with far too much intimacy. Squeezing the flesh as if it was known to him, as if it would be known, eventually. She felt his fingers burrowing like small animals, creeping and crawling, trying to find entry points to build nests and lay eggs. He heaved her against his chest and breathed hot air against her forehead. "You're doing excellent, Mary." Don't call me that, she thought, leaning against him for want of anything better to do. The officers surrounded them, expressing concern. She strategically hid her face from them in Wickham's chest. She was also trying to hide a blush. He smelled like nothingness, like cool sheets on an empty bed, like the empty horizon of the sea. His heart beat a rapid tattoo against his ribs. Was it because of her? No, it must be due to the strain. The heartbeat irritated her; it was an offensive little device, ticking in her ear. She wanted to sink her teeth there and make it shrivel and stop. Perhaps she too would burrow like an animal under his skin. Only when she was deposited by the servants to her bed could she drop the charade. The door to her room closed shut and Mary got up instantly. She had some time to spare before the physician arrived. She paced her room to and fro, considering her situation. She could hear Lydia and Fanny Forster commenting on the day's events downstairs. It had been quite an excitement to see Mary in Wickham's arms, being carried from the beach, like a scene cut out of a novel by Richardson. Mrs. Kenilworth had almost shrieked with delight. Mary knew there would be gossip and speculation and that it would spread throughout Brighton in a matter of days, if not less than that. But as long as it was idle speculation, it could not hurt her. She had only been a young lady in dire straits and Wickham had happened to be there. Well, not unless he decided to tell everyone that this was not the only occasion where they had found themselves alone. That he and Miss Bennet, in fact, had been on very "friendly" terms back in Meryton. He could force me to marry him, she realized with a sickly warmth in her belly. Ever since she could remember, the notion of marriage had frightened and frustrated her. She could not imagine living away from her family, tending to a stranger, complying dutifully with his carnal needs, no matter how blessed by God the union be. Nakedness appalled her and any kind of joining of the bodies disturbed her sense of harmony. On the other hand, when it was made clear to her that she needn't worry about marriage prospects since most young men considered her dull and unattractive, she felt a sort of helpless bitterness – she may not have wanted marriage precisely, but she would've liked the chance to reject it. Now, it seemed that the fear and the frustration had coalesced into a person who embodied both the thrill and the dread of matrimony. But no, it was ridiculous. He was only playing his games. He would never consider the matter seriously, never tie himself to her. Mary raised a hand to her forehead. She was warm with fever. At this rate, the physician would not be deceived, she was not well. To add insult to injury, when she sank her hands into the pockets of her dress, she found the satchel with the necklace inside.
