I will modify this story and rewrite it in French with another title : At first glance. However, I will try to translate it into English using the Deepl system which is better than Google Translation. Let me know if you agree. I'm waiting for your opinion on this story. Enjoy your reading. I now have two betas that will help me correct translation errors. Reviews, please. Chapitre 1 PROLOG Matlock, Derbyshire, 17... Richard Fitzwilliam was facing his father. He wanted his consent to marry the most beautiful, spiritual young woman he had ever met, Lady Elisabeth Bennet, granddaughter of the Duke of Wrexingham and the Earl of Stratton and youngest daughter of the Earl of Longbourn. His father, the Earl of Matlock, who was seriously ill but refused to admit it, was in his office. He was sitting in a huge high chair that looked like a throne. Next to him were his elder brother, Matlock's Viscount, and George Darcy, Duke of Wrexham, the fiancé of his younger sister, Anne. But, thank God, his older sister, Catherine, wasn't there. She probably would have made a very unpleasant scene when she found out what was going on. The idea that one of her brothers might want to bond with a member of the Bennet family would probably drive her mad. But he cared very little. "Father," Richard began, "I have come to announce that I have proposed and obtained the hand of the most wonderful young woman I have ever met, Lady Elizabeth Bennet." "What? How could you do such a thing?" his father shouted, "I will never give you my consent, do you hear me? Never! I arranged your marriage with Lady Heloise Kingston and you pretend to tell me that you want to marry a girl of nothing!" The Count did not control his anger or words by describing what he thought of the young woman in question. Richard clenched his fists, his face pale with fury. "Sir, if you were in better health, I'd ask you why you insult me!" Richard said to the Count, knowing full well that the man was weak and dying though his voice was louder than ever. "Even to satisfy you, I would never stoop to marry Giles fucking Tremayne, daughter of a murderer of women and children and sister of one of the worst debauchers in England. I can't believe you're thinking of connecting with a family like that. The idea is repugnant!" He clenched his fists again while speaking. His two companions held him back because it was obvious that he was trying to control himself so as not to hit the man in front of him. "Lady Elisabeth Bennet is the daughter of a count and the granddaughter of a duke and a count," Richard continued, "She is a respectable, well-behaved young woman. I cannot say the same for the girl to whom you are trying to sell me. That woman is no better than a courtesan! I am certain that half the gentlemen in London have been her lovers and that she intends to do the same with the other half. Besides, I think Lady Heloise is too ambitious to settle for an untitled cadet. I even believe that she has set her heart on the Duke of Tremayne, even if it is obvious that he does not want her. You are deluding yourself, sir. Lady Elizabeth will be my wife and the mother of my children. I would never stoop to marry Lady Heloise; I can swear on my honour." The Count, furious at the rebellion of his younger son and at the oath he had just taken, which forbade hope that Richard would obey his orders and, in spite of his weakness, stood up from his chair and replied: "I disown you. I will not leave you a penny. You are no longer part of our family. Your brother will not help you as long as he depends on me and neither will Darcy if he wishes to marry Anne." The two men looked at the Count with horror, visibly shocked by his threats and furious. Richard sighed deeply, then looked at them both. "Charles, take care of Mother, our sister, Eleanor and little Henry," he said, "Darcy, take good care of Anne." With those words, he left the room without looking at the Count. The valet who escorted him to the door did not seem happy to obey his master's order. Although he had no choice, the valet could not help showing how sorry he was for the situation of his young master. Richard realized it and gave him a smile. "Travers, do not worry about me. I can take care of myself." "I wish you good luck, sir," said he with a bow. "Thank you, Travers." Lord Richard Fitwilliam came out of the house, climbed on his horse and left without looking back. He was ready to face his destiny. ? Longbourn, Hertfordshire, 17... Lady Elisabeth Bennet sat by her bedroom window and looked thoughtfully out. She was still thinking about the terrible scene she had had with her father not long before. She was absolutely furious that he wanted to force her to marry a man as disgusting as Mr Collins. She swore she'd never marry that man. Mr Bennet was furious at her and told her she would obey his orders because she was a minor. She truly had no choice. She couldn't understand why her father would insist on marrying her to a man of such low rank. Mr Collins had neither title nor fortune, just a vague possibility of inheriting the estate of Longbourn. Even if it was implausible as Elisabeth had two brothers, he must still have hoped that it would one day happen. Did her father not understand that no one would want this disgusting man? Her elder sister, Victoria, was the proof. No, Mr. Collins should have gone elsewhere. But perhaps he had discovered that no one wanted him, which was not surprising given that he was repugnant. Mr Collins, on the other hand, was even more furious to be rejected by the young woman he coveted because it was the second time it had happened to him. She had told him that she did not want to be married to an ignorant, stingy and almost illiterate fool whose physical appearance was disgusting, just like his morals. Moreover, he had an intelligence inferior to that of an earthworm. The Earl of Longbourn had told her clearly that she would be married in two weeks and that Mr Collins would make her regret her insults. But Elizabeth coldly informed her father that she would refuse to answer the pastor and that he would be ridiculed in front of all Meryton along with the toad to whom he was trying to sell her. Thomas Bennet, the young woman's brother, Viscount of Longbourn, had been sickened by the situation. He had therefore decided to help Elisabeth escape to Gretna Green, as he had done for Victoria, even if, as it had been in her case, his help was not generally known. He had attended her wedding and accompanied Victoria and her new husband to Dover so that they could embark for India. The Earl and Mr Collins had been mad when they found out, but it was too late to change anything. Mr. Collins vowed revenge for this new humiliation. He would make sure that his cousin never had a son, which meant that Longbourn would return to him one day. He would stop at nothing to achieve his goal. His cousins would see what opposing Mr. Collins would cost them. Because Richard had been disowned by his family. Lady Anne's marriage to George Darcy was delayed, but it was eventually celebrated. As for Lady Catherine, the eldest of the Fitzwilliam children, she sent a virulent letter to her brother who, despising the thought of reading it, returned it unopened with the notation: "Unknown to the addressee". This caused a real fury in the lady for Lady Catherine was not used to being ignored. Her brother's contempt made it clear that he cared very little for her opinion and this was something that a woman as proud as she could not tolerate. However, there was nothing she could do to change things. The Count declared that his daughter's name would never again be pronounced in Longbourn during his lifetime, but he failed to disinherit her. Richard had the inheritance that his mother had given him when he came of age. Moreover, when he was a student he had won large sums of money at gambling with the help of Thomas Bennet but Richard's father did not know this. Contrary to what he might have hoped, his youngest son would lack nothing. If the marriage of Richard Fitzwilliam and Lady Elisabeth Bennet caused a scandal, there was another one, far worse, when Lady Heloise Kingston's shameful relationship with Giles Tremayne was made public through mysterious letters sent to certain people. The two culprits were forced to marry because it was obvious that they would never be received in good society again. Needless to say, Lady Heloise's dowry did not last long with such spendthrifty people and they tried to circumvent the Duke of Tremayne so as not to find themselves in absolute misery. He agreed to pay them a pension, provided they lived in the country, which they reluctantly accepted. They were both angry because of their situation but could not change it. They refused to acknowledge their responsibility in their situation. Lady Héloïse had planned to seduce the Duke of Tremayne and keep him at her mercy to prevent him from getting married one day. But her project failed completely. The Duke looked at her with deep disgust, declared that for nothing in the world would he taste his cousin's leftovers, before turning his back on her. She was mad with rage, but powerless to change the situation. It was even more so when, six months later, the Duke married another Duke's daughter whose beauty made hers seem bland and unattractive in comparison. As for her brother, the Duke of Kingston, he could do nothing to help because he himself was desperate, his debts being even greater than his considerable income. He sought to marry a rich heiress but no young girl wanted to marry a man linked to a scandal, even with a duke's title. Moreover, its repugnant aspect made all the women flee. None wanted to be seen in his company. His situation made him enraged, for he was full of himself and his importance, but he could do nothing to change it. He did not seek to reduce his expenses or stop his debauched life to pay off his debts. On the contrary, he was only making them worse, as if he had the right to live as he saw fit. Many women had closed their doors to him, but there were still a few who were ready to receive him. The Earl of Matlock had been very shocked by the scandal caused by the woman he had wanted to marry to his youngest son. He had not believed Richard when he revealed Lady Heloise's shameful behaviour, but he could no longer ignore the truth. He had to admit that he had made a mistake. He was aware that his son had avoided defiling their family name. Obviously, Giles Tremayne was not Lady Heloise's first lover. But that didn't stop the Earl from being furious with his son for marrying the daughter of the woman who had dared to refuse him years earlier. It was something he could never forgive. The shock of this entire episode ended up being fatal to the Earl of Matlock and he died one month after the marriage of his youngest daughter, Anne. He was not present when his eldest daughter, Catherine, married Sir Lewis de Bourgh, of Rosings Park, Kent. He was a widower and father of a four-year-old boy. The young Fitwilliam Darcy was five years old when his cousin, Anne de Bourgh, was born and Lady Catherine decided as soon as she knew the child to be a girl that when the two children grew up, they would marry. She ignored the wishes of her nephew's parents, for she was not a woman to let anyone get in her way. But she was to be disappointed and discover that her whims were unimportant to anyone else. Lady Anne and George Darcy were perfectly aware of her schemes, but they had no intention of giving in to them, which made Lady Catherine rage that no one wanted to take her seriously. Ten years after the birth of her son, Lady Anne gave birth to a little girl, who was named Georgiana. Lady Anne had been very ill and her family feared for her life but, despite her weakness, she refused to give up. She wanted to live, to see her children grow and to see her grandchildren be born. Eventually, she healed, much to the relief of her loved ones. Lady Catherine was the only one who did not rejoice that her sister survived because it spoiled her plans, but she could not show it. She was angry to see that everything was contributing to the ruination her plans but she could not change anything. Sir Lewis worshipped his little Anne and spent much time with her. Knowing his wife's ridiculous plotting, he had made sure to protect his daughter from his wife's schemes. Lady Catherine was to discover her insignificance, as other women would do in the future. Lady Catherine had another brother, aside from Richard, and he was Charles, Viscount of Matlock. And another brother, John, who was an army officer. Charles had married the daughter of a peer of the realm with a dowry of fifty thousand pounds. Lady Catherine had tried to oppose this union because Miss Melton did not seem worthy of a future Count. In reality, she was furious because the young woman was not willing to submit to her authority and recognize her superiority. Lady Catherine had chosen a duke's daughter for her older brother, the same one she wanted to marry Richard. But neither of her brothers wanted the young lady whose father had just been hanged for the murder of many young women and girls. Moreover, the young lady was completely immoral and her brother was no better. He was debauched, like his father, and if Lady Catherine believed that the duke's family was rich, she was in error. The reality was that they were deeply in debt. Charles had put his sister in her place by advising her to mind her own business and it was not at all up to her to decide whom he should marry. This, of course, infuriated Lady Catherine. She had also tried to oppose her sister Anne's marriage to George Darcy on the pretext that he had no title. However, from the moment that she had seen his estate, Pemberley, she had desired it for herself but George Darcy had not given Catherine the slightest attention. Only Anne mattered to him. Lady Catherine had wanted Anne to marry the new Duke of Kingston, which had shocked the other members of the family. The Count had made it clear to her that he would never allow this man to approach one of his daughters and that if she considered marrying him herself, he would disinherit her. She had been so astonished by this threat that she had been forced to give up her ambitious plans. So her sister had married the man whose estate she coveted. But Lady Catherine thought that she had found another way to get what she wanted and whether her sister and her husband opposed the plan did not matter at all. She knew how to get what she wanted.
The first two chapters have been corrected. I thank my two betas, Gaskellian and NotACursedChild for their help. I hope that the new version will suit you. Enjoy your reading. I would appreciate constructive comments. Thank you. Chapter 2 Pemberley's Heir It is a universally recognized truth that a married man in possession of good fortune is in need of a son. George Darcy, Duke of Wrexham, of Pemberley, Derbyshire, was no exception, although he did not really care whether a son or daughter should be born as long as the child was healthy and his wife survived. Pemberley, Derbyshire, April 6, 1784 The Duchess of Wrexham woke up suddenly during her sleep and realized that she was completely soaked. She understood that her water had broken. Pains twisted her belly. Birth was imminent. Without panicking, she rang for Somers, her maid, and got out of bed with no little amount of pain. She lit candles, put on her slippers and waited patiently. When the maid arrived, she immediately understood what was happening. "Send someone to get the doctor and midwife. Don't forget to warn His Grace. Then come back here to change my sheets." said the Duchess. "Yes, Your Grace," replied Somers, "Is there anything else you need?" "No, that will do but it must be done now." "Right away, Your Grace." said the maid, and then she left the room. Anne walked to the dresser and took out a clean nightgown of blue silk. The young woman hoped it would bring her luck by giving her a boy. Then she put some wood back in the fireplace and put the baby's clothes on a small stool by the fire so they would be warm when he was born. Once she was dressed, she went and knocked on the door to her husband's chambers. George had been sleeping there for several weeks to be closer to his wife in case she called him. He got up when he heard her knocking and inquired, "Yes, Anne? How are you?" "The baby's coming." she replied. George asked. "But how are you feeling?" "For now, it is not horrible but I know that this is not yet the worst." Taking her hand, he said. "Courage. This will be difficult but think of the joy when you hold our child in your arms. It will be the best reward to compensate for all your suffering." Anne sighed. "I know. The hardest part is waiting." They were interrupted by the arrival of the doctor and the midwife. The first wanted the duke to leave. He was not happy to have to do so, but he knew he should not stay in the room. Resigned, he left and went into the library to wait. Anne made a grimace of pain. The contractions were getting closer and closer. She did not scream, but breathed deeply between each contraction, thus relaxing herself and helping to calm the pain. She knew that, many times, a first birth took very long. It was likely that the baby would not arrive before dawn since it must have been ten o'clock when her water had broken. Sweat was running down her forehead. From time to time, the midwife would wipe Anne's face with a cool, wet cloth. When Dr. Anderson announced that the baby's head had appeared, everyone sighed with relief. He slowly cleared the shoulders, then the rest of the body and cut the umbilical cord before handing the child to the midwife who immediately gave him a slap on the buttocks. The small face became red with anger at such treatment, the small nose wrinkled and the baby began to howl vigorously to show his dissatisfaction. The young mother looked questioningly at the doctor. He held her hand in his and said with a voice filled with emotion, "You have a boy." "I am glad," said Anne in a relieved tone. "May I see him? "Soon," the doctor answered, "The midwife is taking care of him now and she will bring him to you when she is done." The doctor finished up with the new mother and shortly after passing the afterbirth, the midwife placed the baby in the cradle of her arms. Anne turned her head to look at him. A fine down of black hair covered his head and his little face was all wrinkled. When he opened his eyes, she saw a look identical to hers. "He is a handsome boy," she said. "Would you please inform my husband? I know he will be happy and relieved to know that everything went well." "Certainly, Your Grace." The doctor immediately left the room to inform the happy father of the good news. ? The Duke of Wrexham had traversed his library from one end of the room to the other throughout the night with great concern. His steps were heavy, and his muscles suffered from lack of sleep. With each cry that rang in the corridors of the big house, George Darcy's mind was filled with anguish, knowing that his wife was suffering. Father in heaven, please protect her and our child's life, he prayed. Although Mr. Abbot, his London doctor, had been in residence for three weeks to treat his wife, the man's presence had not allayed George's fears. The previous year, one of his own tenants had lost a child in the delivery process, then his wife to puerperal fever. "If I lose them, I do not know how I would survive," George whispered. With Lady Anne's next cry, George could no longer bear the agony. He suddenly threw open the door and rushed out of the room. Running up the stairs, he climbed the steps two by two before going up the hallway to his wife's bedroom. As George arrived at the entrance to her room, he almost ran into his faithful housekeeper, who had a manservant at the door. "Stand aside, Mrs. Reynolds. I need to see my wife." said he. "Sir, I'm sorry, but you cannot come in. Mr. Abbot wants you to stick to what was agreed upon and to stay outside the delivery room until he sends someone to inform you that it is over." He looked at the little woman who dared to challenge him. Although George Darcy sought to ignore the usual expectations of a gentleman's society during the birth of a woman, he also knew it was his duty to ensure that his wife was well. Regaining his composure, he asked, "How much longer is this going to go on? I fear for my wife's life and that of our child." Mrs. Reynolds gave a gentle smile and replied, "Your Grace, believe me, everything will be fine. Lady Anne is tired, but her pains are getting closer, and soon the baby will be with us." "Thank you very much. Please tell Lady Anne that my prayers are with her and our child." With that, George turned around and headed for the nursery. As he entered the small room, George let himself be briefly distracted by proudly examining everything his wife had done to prepare his child's new home. Decorated in pleasant shades of yellow and sunny green, the room was joyful and welcoming. Taking a small wooden horse carved by one of his tenants for the baby, he rubbed his fingers distractedly on the smooth wood as he walked into the room. Throughout her estate, Lady Anne was known as an avid walker and an animal lover. Consequently, many gifts had arrived honouring her preferences. Continuing to hold the horse, George sat in the corner rocking chair, in which his wife usually sat for many hours, singing and talking to the baby she had been carrying. Looking around the nursery, it seemed that every corner had something that would enchant a child. However, it was the personal touches that gave him the most satisfaction. On the table was a diary full of drawings of animals that Lady Anne had illustrated for the purpose of teaching their child. Right in front of where he was sitting, she had hung one of her largest drawings, a watercolour of the pond. "Honey, you loved that old pond as long as I can remember. Even when your family visited during the summer months, it was a rare day I didn't find you sketching there." He laughed at the thought. In her youth, Lady Anne had been fascinated by nature and was determined to catalogue every plant, shrub and tree that existed between Matlock and Pemberley. In an effort to accommodate all her journals and reference books on vegetation and animal life, George had devoted a large space in the main library for her use. "I admit that I will never fully understand your passion for the land, my dear, but I sincerely believe that I am a lucky man to see my heritage through your eyes while I manage this vast estate." While continuing to study the drawing, George had to admit that this part of the pond had also become his favourite refuge, as it contained many precious memories of time spent alone with his wife. During late spring and most of the summer, George and Lady Anne had often picnicked there when they felt the need for calm and solitude. One of those days, in mid-May, the happy couple had gone to that very place. Knowing how much his dear wife loved wild flowers from the country, George started looking for a small bouquet for her pleasure while she rested under a large tree that gave her shade. Upon his return, the vision presented before him was magnificent. With his hat and gloves off, his beautiful wife sat on a large carpet of grass, leaning against the trunk of the tree. Several long curls had come to escape from their pins, tempting him with the desire to make his fingers run through the silky locks as they floated in the gentle breeze. Everything was calm except for the water which lapped lightly against the shore and the simple song of a titmouse which mingled in perfect harmony with his wife as she hummed a familiar lullaby. There she sat, her eyes closed and her hand gently stroking the swelling of her body where her child was growing. Not wishing to surprise her, he softly placed the flowers on the grass and sat gently beside her. "My darling," he said quietly, "I've never seen you more enchanting... " He kissed his wife on the cheek, covering her fingers with his hand and whispering how much he loved her. To his joy, George Darcy was rewarded with the miracle of life when, a few seconds later, he felt the baby move for the first time under his fingers. He opened his eyes with surprise, visibly excited by what was happening. "Anne, is it our child I feel moving under my hand?" "Yes, my love," she replied with moist eyes, "it is him. Our child gets stronger with each passing day." Thus saying, she made him smile. He felt the movements again. "Does it make you uncomfortable?" he asked in wonder. "No, not yet, the baby is too small. The movements will get stronger as he continues to grow. For the moment, I am satisfied, and I find our child's movement very comforting. It gives me proof that he is alive, which is very reassuring." George was pleased with her answer. "I am glad to hear that." Interrupting his reverie, George returned to the library to continue the wait. So he knew what to expect when, at dawn, a knock at the door immobilized him in his march and Mr Abbot, informed him with a big smile, "Please accept my congratulations, sir! Lady Anne has delivered a beautiful boy in good health and both are well." The Duke sighed with relief as his face moved from anxiety to boundless joy. "Thank you, Abbot. Please let me know when I can see Lady Anne and my son." 'A healthy son,' he thought when he was alone again, 'and Anne is well! What a happy result on such a beautiful spring morning.' He sat comfortably in a well-padded chair to continue his thoughts. At twenty-eight, he was considered a tall and handsome young man, with a pleasant disposition, made happier last year by his marriage to Lady Anne Fitzwilliam. It had been two years since he had inherited the title of Duke, with the vast estate of Pemberley, a house in town, and an income of twenty thousand pounds a year on the death of his father. The Darcys had been known throughout the country as an old family since D'Arcy's first came from Normandy to settle in England at the time of William the Conqueror. Some had distinguished themselves in battles, some before the courts as lawyers and judges. They had first received the title of Earl at the time of King Edward I; then, that of Duke under Queen Elizabeth I. But their greatest fame was, in most cases, their vast Pemberley estate and the wealth it produced. George Darcy's father had prudently sold all the property he owned in the North American colonies and invested the money in the West Indies before the beginning of the War of Independence, a wise decision very envied by many of his friends. He had lived just long enough to hear about General Cornwallis' abandonment and realize that the colonies were irretrievably lost to his country. George Darcy remembered the last two years with some satisfaction. While his new duties as Pemberley's master had kept him in Derbyshire, he had not needed to look far to find a wife. He had known the Fitzwilliam family since he was a young boy. He had played and attended the same school as John Fitzwilliam, the second son of the Earl of Matlock whose mansion was only ten miles from Pemberley. The eldest son, Charles, heir to the old Count, was five years older than him and there were also two younger daughters, Catherine and Anne. Catherine was four years younger than George Darcy and John had hoped that she could win his friend's affection. At twenty-four, she had been a beautiful young woman: fashionable, proud, stubborn, dominating, authoritarian and totally devoid of empathy towards others. If he had sought her hand in marriage, he had little doubt that she would have accepted it. He had a title to go with his great estate and he did not doubt that she believed that a title was due to her as the eldest daughter of a count. She had naturally tried to parade before him, acting as if she was granting him a great favour, but it had been in vain. He had not shown any interest in her at all, to her great frustration. Anne, who was then only twenty years old, had always been his favourite among the two young girls. She was much more beautiful, more accomplished, calmer and much friendlier than her sister. While she had a certain feeling of superiority that the title of her family gave her, she also had the common sense to realize that she had no fortune attached to her name. When George Darcy asked for her hand, she was happy to accept it. She had another reason to be happy: she would no longer have to live in the shadow of her dominant sister. They were married in May, returning to Pemberley when all the flowers and trees were in full bloom and the park was the most beautiful. Today, as he contemplated the green lawns and the new spring foliage on the trees, George Darcy thought that the date of April 6, 1784 would be a day to remember: a day that saw the birth of his son and the future of Pemberley assured. The death of the Earl of Matlock shortly after the wedding did not surprise anyone. He had been very ill for a long time. The conflict that had existed between him and his second son had probably made things worse. The knowledge that he had narrowly avoided a scandal that would have sullied his family name had caused him a terrible shock and he never recovered from that. After his father's death, the new Earl ensured that his brother would receive the inheritance which had been planned for him and from which he had been disinherited for his disobedience. Charles had thought it better not to tell his older sister, Lady Catherine, knowing that, despite the fact that her opinion on this matter was irrelevant, she would no doubt have been outraged by what she would have considered treason. The only thing that worried the Count regarding Catherine was to find her a husband as soon as their mourning was over. He did not intend to allow her to cause problems in his home and to constantly remind her that she was not the mistress, even though she tended to behave as if that were the case. ? After the doctor left, George Darcy ran up the stairs to see his wife and meet his newborn son. Lady Anne was tired, indeed, but happy to see him and to introduce him to their baby. In her arms he saw a small bundle with black hair and a sleepy, solemn look as if he were trying to get used to this new and strange world. "Oh, my precious child," she whispered, kissing the top of his dark, tangled hair. Her voice was soothing, and the baby stopped crying as she continued to speak to him in her sweet voice. Curious, George removed the sheet to inspect his new son, and he almost choked with pride when he saw his son's long, strong and solid body. Anne said softly, "He is perfect, my love, like you. Oh, how I love you both, darling." The duke smiled tenderly and gently put a finger in the newborn's hand, which opened in the shape of a star and closed on the duke's with a surprising force for such a young child. "Would you agree that we call him Fitzwilliam?" Lady Anne asked, "I would love to connect my last name with yours." The happy father accepted, much to his wife's delight. "It would be appropriate, indeed, as is often the custom. It is a strong name and will be worthy of his position in society when he reaches manhood." She smiled, looking at her husband. "And if you will allow me, I would like to add George, for his dear father." He nodded. She continued, "If you do not object, I would like to add one more. In honor of your younger brother who is not with us at the moment, I would like to call him John. I wanted him to be the godfather, but he cannot be here for the ceremony." Her husband responded, "I am happy, my love, a very appropriate name. Fitzwilliam George John Darcy, Pemberley's next heir." "Yes," Lady Anne repeated, "Pemberley's next heir." The young woman sighed with fatigue. She was exhausted. The doctor leaned over to her and said, "You must sleep now, Your Grace. I will put the child back in his crib and let you rest." She smiled softly at her husband. He put a kiss on her forehead and said, "I shall leave you, too, my darling. You've earned your rest. You did a great job. Well done." After one last look, he left the room. His face radiated with joy and pride. The Duke wondered, however, how the boy would appreciate such a name and what he would be called by his family and friends. But that could not worry him today. 'Nothing could worry him today,' he thought as he left his wife and son in the care of a nanny and returned to his study and duties to Pemberley. He went to his office where he said a prayer in gratitude and waited until he could join his wife and son. Today was the beginning of a new legacy for the Darcy family. Having an heir meant stability not only for his tenants but for all those in the area who depended on and benefited from the presence of his estate. More importantly, he had received the greatest gift a man could ever receive: a son. George suddenly realized that he was quite hungry. Given the importance of the event, no one had thought of having lunch. But he made up for it and, after the meal, the duke sat down at his secretary to write letters. He wanted to inform his in-laws of the news. He also wrote announcements for the newspapers. He gave the letters to a valet to be sent by post, except for the note to his father-in-law who lived a short distance away. He was relieved that his sister-in-law was not present. She had demanded warning of the impending birth, but he had not seen fit to listen. She would probably have tried to take advantage of it to try to usurp the place of mistress of house and to strut before him in order to make him regret not having chosen her, which was laughable. Her character was too unpleasant for him to have considered for a single second marrying such a vixen. That she might think otherwise was ridiculous, but he was not surprised. She was so pretentious, so convinced of her own importance that nothing could have changed her mind. Yet she knew almost nothing. Obviously, she felt it was beneath her dignity to learn accomplishments as all young girls did. And now she was constantly but foolishly bragging that she would have been very good had she learned those accomplishments. He no longer counted the number of times she had been humiliated in public when a hostess at a reception asked her to play the piano and she was unable to do so. Of course, she was furious that she was being laughed at, but refused to admit that she was solely responsible. It was only in the early evening that Anne woke up. She was starving and ate the entire contents of the tray brought to her with good appetite. Then she claimed her son; it was the nanny who brought him. Nancy Hawton was barely twenty-two. She had lost her baby shortly after birth and her husband had been dead for three months. Anne had decided to breastfeed her son once or twice a day and the nanny would take care of the rest of the time. The baby, who weighed eight pounds, was strong and vigorous. There was no doubt he would certainly be voracious. Anne wasn't sure she had enough milk to satisfy him. Therefore, the nurse would be useful to complete the meals. Fitzwilliam started screaming and he was obviously ravenous. Anne undid her nightgown to uncover her breast and grabbed the baby. She gently touched the tip of one of her breasts to the newborn's cheek. He immediately turned his head, his little mouth closing on her breast, and he began to suck vigorously. Anne experienced a strange feeling of pleasure. She never thought it would be so pleasant to breastfeed a baby. When George entered the room, it took her some time to notice his presence. Her ecstatic smile surprised him. He sat at the edge of the bed and stroked his son's little hand with his fingertips, which closed on his finger with a force that amazed the young father again. He smiled and so did Anne. They looked, tenderly, at that little being who was a part of themselves, of their flesh, the fruit of the deep and wonderful love that united them. The baby, now with a full stomach, had fallen asleep, nestled in the soft maternal warmth of his mother's body. He continued to hold his father's finger in his closed fist, as if he unconsciously wanted to tighten even more the bond which united all three of them. Then the Count gently took him in his arms and went gently to put him back in his crib. Anne adjusted and fell asleep. After depositing a kiss on her forehead, George went to bed. It was only a few days later that Anne's family came to visit them to meet Fitzwilliam. Anne had been allowed to stand. She felt perfectly fine. Her strength had returned, Fitzwilliam was thriving under the care of his nurse and, within three months, Pemberley was returning to life and hosting parties. George Darcy enjoyed the company and Lady Anne was a generous hostess. The Fitzwilliam brothers were often welcome in Pemberley. John Fitzwilliam, who was a militia colonel, had often been with them since his return from North America. Charles Fitzwilliam would also bring his family - his wife and their two little boys, six-year-old David and four-year-old Randy. But Lady Anne had no happy anticipation for the visitors expected in August. Her older sister, Lady Catherine, had married the rich Sir Lewis de Bourgh of Rosings Park, Kent, six months earlier and they were to come to Pemberley for the first day of the harvest season. In any case, Lady Anne was anxious to show off her son, but feared that her sister would abuse her patience and undermine her strength. Now four months old, Fitzwilliam was an active baby, smiling at his mother and father and chirping happily every time he was with them. But he would not smile at Lady Catherine. That lady did not fail to bother her sister with all sorts of ridiculous advice, one more silly than the next. "Your nurse is too forgiving," she told Lady Anne, "She does not make him wait for the necessary time before feeding him again. Nor should he have so much freedom when it comes to dressing. Too much air is unhealthy for children; you should cover him with more blankets." Those were but a few of her unheeded warnings. When the Duke intervened on behalf of his wife and reminded Lady Catherine that, until now, she had no children, she replied by stressing that if her sister were more strict, she would be truly competent: her child would be stronger, more beautiful and smarter than any other. Lady Catherine was indignant to see her advice disregarded, for she was not a woman who could not bear being ignored, but she soon realized that she would not win her case. Her sister and brother-in-law felt that she was talking about something she knew absolutely nothing about and that she could apply her stupid advice when she had her own children. Lady Catherine was angry, but she understood that persisting was useless and refrained from insisting. The baptism took place a few weeks later. Matlock's viscountess carried the baby, dressed in the sumptuous christening dress embroidered with Bruges lace, fur and matching hat, to the baptismal font. The new little Christian received many gifts on this occasion. Life on the estate resumed its habitual calm and quiet, while the little boy grew up in a united and loving family.
Here's the third one. I'm sorry to keep you waiting. Correcting the translation takes time. I hope you like it. I look forward to receiving constructive criticism. Enjoy your reading. Chapter 3 Rosings Park September 1791 That year, the annual visit to Rosings Park had been postponed because Lady Anne had not yet completely recovered from her miscarriage. Instead, the Darcy family had decided to visit Sir Lewis and Lady Catherine in the fall. This time, they would allow Fitzwilliam to come with them, so that he could meet his young cousin, Anne, who was two years old. It was the first time that Fitzwilliam had made such a long journey away from home and he was fascinated by all the landscapes he could see through the window as they made their way south. He had been used to the wild peaks of Derbyshire from an early age, so the gentle hills and green fields of the southern counties were something new for him. He spent the whole trip talking with his parents, asking them any questions that came to mind and listening to their answers with all due attention. He could not remember spending so much time with both his parents or receiving so much attention from them, as he did that day. But deep inside he felt it was because his mother had lost another baby and that was why she was so sad and clinging to him. Fitzwilliam wasn't really looking forward to visiting his aunt. He didn't like her very much and had a hard time with her. He knew that she was constantly trying to impose her desires on those around her. Fortunately, his parents were not willing to listen to her or allow that. She had given perfectly absurd advice about him, saying that a boy of his rank should not play with boys born inferior to himself. The young boy thought it was completely stupid and decided not to worry about his aunt's speeches. His parents told him totally different things and it would be them he would listen to and no one else. Lady Catherine could go and tell someone else her nonsense. He found it amusing that she gave advice to her mother on how to raise her when she herself had no children. A humiliating thing that made her angry but she couldn't change. Apparently, she had managed to have a little girl, but that did not make her experienced in this field. Even if she was convinced otherwise. And there was Edward, the son Sir Lewis had from his first marriage. His very existence drove Lady Catherine mad with rage. This meant that her daughter, Anne, would never inherit Rosings Park and that one day she would be relegated to the dowager house, having lost all her power. Edward didn't love her at all, something she didn't realize. She was being tough and almost mean to him, unaware that one day he might make her pay a very high price. And Fitzwilliam knew she'd only get what she deserved. Lady Anne smiled with pride at her son, trying to hide her fear that he might remain an only child. She was especially afraid of losing him, too. She intended to do everything in her power to ensure that no harm would ever come to him and tried to limit his outdoor activities. The Duke felt the same. However, he had decided not to interfere with his son's activities outside. He had only recommended that his grooms and gardeners keep an eye on him to ensure his safety. The journey to Kent was briefly interrupted when they moved into their home upon their arrival in London. Fitzwilliam was very impressed by his first visit to the capital. The streets were filled with fashionable people and elegant carriages. The houses were so close to each other, the great palaces of St James and Whitehall, Westminster Abbey and all the shops very quickly became a mess of various impressions. Two days later they resumed their journey and arrived in Rosings where they were welcomed by Lady Catherine and Sir Lewis. After greeting them with the greatest courtesy, the first thing Fitzwilliam did was to ask, "Why are your shrubs cut and stored so rigidly? Looks like an army of soldiers ready to be reviewed. It's very boring." Lady Catherine looked at him indignantly, but decided to ignore these bad manners and preceded her guests to lead them to the small lounge. "Be very careful what you say, Fitz!" whispered the Duke to his son, holding him in the hallway before Miss Dalton took the boy to his room. "Your aunt has absolutely no sense of humor. She gets offended very easily." The Darcys were introduced to little Anne de Bourgh later that day. The parents did not fail to offer customary compliments, but there was little truth in their words. Fitzwilliam, however, with his usual frankness, exclaimed, "Anne is very small, pale and sickly, she doesn't even smile! Why is she like this?" It was too much for Lady Catherine. Without trying to hide her fury that someone dared to criticize her daughter, as she thought that it meant criticizing her, she left the living room and let the Darcys face their son. Lady Anne sighed deeply, and took a surprised Fitzwilliam into her room and told him very seriously, "William, if you can't say something good or nice about someone, it would be better if you didn't say anything at all!" In private, it had been a very long time since he had become William to his mother. "But, Mother, you always taught me to tell the absolute truth!" exclaimed William. "That's right, my dear child. But there are special cases, like this one, where the truth can be hurtful and rude. So it would be better not to say anything at all. Do you understand?" she said. "Yes, Mother, I will try. But it will be very difficult here." he answered. "Listen to your mother, Fitz," said the Duke who had just entered the room. "I'm sure you won't disappoint us." "I'm certainly not going to lie to satisfy the ego of a woman who thinks she's out of Jupiter's thigh!" muttered the little boy. The Duke and the Duchess looked at each other and had great difficulty repressing a strong desire to laugh. Fortunately for them, they managed to control themselves. "I'm not asking you to lie, William," said the Duchess. "But think before you speak. And don't say anything bad about your cousin. It's not her fault she's in this state." "No. It's her mother's. She doesn't know how to take care of a child. Anne is overdressed when it is very hot in the house. She's a bad mother!" said William. "This is the kind of thing you have to keep to yourself." said Lady Anne. "Yes, but my cousin suffers from it. I'll talk to Uncle Lewis. He's the master of the house. He can probably stop my aunt from hurting her daughter." "You're right, William. Talk to your uncle, but be discreet. And be careful what you say in front of your aunt." "I promise, Mama." Fitzwilliam had spoken to his uncle, explaining that he was worried about poor little Anne who seemed absolutely terrified of her mother. She was only two years old and he had heard Lady Catherine scold her for a peccadillo. He doubted very much that his cousin understood anything in her mother's speeches. If she kept treating her like this, Anne would have good reason to hate her. Sir Lewis was shocked by the words of his nephew. He wasn't a bad man. He bitterly regretted his second wife's choice, but he could no longer change it. He promised his nephew that he would change things so that his daughter would be happier. Satisfied, the little boy left his uncle. He regretted not being able to attend his uncle's conversation with his aunt because it promised to be funny. But maybe he'd find out what was going to happen. Edward was amused to know that his young cousin did not expect to be easily frightened by his aunt. And he congratulated him on his courage, while warning him. "Be careful not to make her angry, Fitz. Otherwise, she'll become unbearable." he said. "I don't like the way she treats your sister. You have to be stupid to talk to a two-year-old like that. I'm sure Anne doesn't like her and in a few years she'll complain that her daughter has the audacity to despise her when she's doing whatever it takes to make it happen." "My father will see to it that she changes her behaviour" Edward promised. "She will no longer be allowed to be alone with Anne or to decide anything about her. But be careful, Fitz. Don't make her angry. She will complain to your parents and take great pleasure in punishing you. You don't know how bad she is. I'm happy to be leaving for Eton. At least I wouldn't have to put up with her ridiculous speeches every day." "Anne will have to listen to them." "I doubt she'll pay attention. She's too small to understand. I'd say she'll probably fall asleep when she has to listen to them." "It's true that what she says is quite boring. I find it hard not to yawn when I listen to him." said Fitzwilliam. "Do it. You will be sent to the nursery which will save you listening to him." said Edward. Fitzwilliam made a face. "I don't like staying in the nursery. It's good for babies." he said. "But you have to eat and sleep there. Be glad Lady Catherine has no right to give you orders. She's trying to enjoy it with me. If I had to listen to her, I'd have to spend my time in her living room, listening to her nonsense. One of these days, I'll probably laugh in her face, which will make her mad. Fortunately, my father won't let her do what she wants. He often takes me with him when he goes around the estate. She protests but he replies that I must know and know how to manage my future inheritance, which makes her mad with rage." "Why?" Fitz asked. "Does she think Rosings belongs to her?" "She believes she has every right. Which is completely stupid, but making him think otherwise would be impossible. But don't worry about it, Fitz. My father will put her in her place, as he should." "She must be crazy." "Yes. I think she is crazy and thinks that she is the best. A day will come when she will fall off her pedestal. The fall will be very sudden. And she will discover her insignificance." said Edward. "I hope to be there that day. It will give me a good opportunity to laugh." "Me too, Fitz. Me too." ? A few days later, on returning from his morning walk, Fitzwilliam caught a conversation between the two mothers, as they were standing in the small living room. "Anne would be a perfect wife for Fitzwilliam." Lady Catherine said. "Maybe, but they are still very young. Perhaps, in time, if they have feelings for each other…" Lady Anne replied in a doubtful tone. "Absurd! What do feelings have to do with this? They're made for the each other! Their families and their fortunes demand such a union! If we decide it now, it will be so!" Lady Catherine could not tolerate the slightest opposition to what she had decided without caring in the least about the feelings of the people concerned. And she was determined to achieve her goal. That her sister was planning to oppose her was making her angry. "I would not want Fitzwilliam to marry without love." Lady Anne answered. She knew it would be impossible for her to change her sister's mind once she had decided something. She had no intention of giving her consent. She knew her husband would refuse such a project. Catherine would be disappointed even if she was likely to delude herself for years. Well, too bad for her. This would teach her a lesson when she made plans without worrying about the feelings of others. "If, once they are old enough, and Fitzwilliam agrees to marry Anne, I will have no objection. However, I highly doubt George would agree." "I don't see why! They both belong to ancient and respectable lines, both on the maternal and paternal side!" exclaimed Lady Catherine. "Probably. But Fitzwilliam will one day be Duke. He can do much better than the daughter of a simple knight. And there is also Anne's health to consider. If she does not become stronger and happier, she will probably never be able to marry." "She'll get stronger as she grows up!" Lady Catherine protested, offended in her maternal pride. "Yes, provided she spends more time in the fresh air and the sun. She should go play in the park. But you keep her locked inside all the time, which only weakens her. And why doesn't she ever smile? Why doesn't she ever talk?" asked her sister. "Children must learn discipline from an early age!" exclaimed Lady Catherine. "I don't know where such an idea comes from, Catherine. Our mother never treated you like that. Remember our childhood. You're forcing a very sad life on your daughter. If you go on like this, no man will want her." she said, exasperated. "But Fitzwilliam…" started Lady Catherine. Lady Anne felt a violent anger invade her. "Don't think you have the right to decide anything about my son, Catherine!" the Duchess abruptly interrupted her." I know you always want to impose what you want without worrying about other people's feelings! But I won't let you! And neither is George! You better not forget that you have no right to make decisions in this area! Don't you dare think I'm going to tolerate you poking your nose into my family's business! I'm Pemberley's mistress. I know you want to take my place, but I can assure you it will never happen! You have to be completely insane to believe that you could make it happen. Frankly, I think you're pathetic." Lady Catherine was furious at these words, which clearly implied an obvious opposition that would not allow her to achieve her goal, but she thought it preferable not to insist for the time being. "I'm sure Fitzwilliam will love Anne if we tell him to." She obviously had no intention of giving up her plans and changed the subject without giving her sister time to answer. "You've always been too lenient with him, Anne. I was shocked at how rude he was today." "I have already spoken with him about this, Catherine. You who constantly brag about your openness, would you be willing to blame someone else for being so too? That sounds hypocritical to me, to say the least. George and I taught him to always tell the truth. Perhaps he said it very brutally, but he is still just a child. And he didn't realize that his candor could be hurtful." said Lady Anne. Lady Catherine blushed with indignation. "He is not a child. You should be firmer with him. He must learn to respect his closest relations. In any case, he is too free with his questions and comments. You must restrict him, Anne!" Lady Anne heatedly replied. "Don't tell me how I should raise my son, Catherine, we'll never agree on this. I have absolutely no intention of following your own methods! You're using your daughter to try to satisfy your personal ambitions! But I would never allow you to do that with my son! I feel sorry for little Anne. She'll have no reason to love you, let alone respect you. Take care she doesn't end up hating you! You'll only get what you deserve!" With these words, she stood up with the intention of leaving the living room, her tone clearly indicating that she was angry with her sister. Fitzwilliam rushed down the hall, amazed at what he had heard. "Marry this sick little girl," he thought. My Aunt Catherine must be completely insane to have an idea like that. She can't make me do something I don't want to do, especially when I'm of age! Fortunately, Mother did not allow him to impose his demands. I do not like her!" He straightened his shoulders in a very determined way and set out in search of Miss Dalton and some more childish fun. He kept to himself what he had heard, but tried to think about it so that he would never forget it. He had an idea. As he could not write very well yet, he told Miss Dalton everything and asked her to write the whole story on a sheet of paper that he would keep in his treasure box, so he couldn't forget it. The housekeeper suggested that he talk to his cousin so that he could tell his father. And she reassured him that Lady Catherine did not have the power to decide such things without her husband's consent. And it was unlikely she would get it. She was probably deluding herself. Fitz complied. Edward was absolutely furious at his step-mother's presumption. And it was obvious that Sir Lewis was just as angry. But he promised his son that he would never allow his wife to do as she pleased. To say the least Lady Catherine was absolutely mad to see her sister reject her matrimonial project between their children. However, even if she was determined that it would happen, she thought it prudent not to talk about it anymore. She would know how to act when the time came. ? The three weeks spent in Kent were not very happy for Fitzwilliam. He could ride his cousin's old pony and did not deprive himself of it, but there was no lake or river to allow him to catch fish. He could only walk in insipid gardens where it was impossible for him to play without risking the wrath of his aunt. And his parents did not allow him to walk beyond the park boundaries from home, fearing for his safety in an unknown place. To tell the truth, he was bored to death, except when he was with Edward. And he couldn't wait to get out of there. He missed Pemberley. When he was in the house, he was careful never to be near its mistress. And if, despite everything, this should happen, he obstinately kept silent and made himself completely invisible to her eyes. He was determined to please his mother and father, but he also refused to lie to satisfy his aunt's ego. He had, in any case, found nothing glowing to say about the house or the park. He rarely saw his uncle, and he also avoided his cousin as much as possible. She cried too much for his taste, was rarely allowed to play outside and only for a few minutes at a time, and was not even allowed to play inside. He thought she might as well be a porcelain doll displayed on a shelf, and wondered if she would ever be allowed any freedom when she could walk and start talking. Poor little girl. He pitied her for having such an unpleasant mother. It was certain that she would never be allowed to speak, but only to listen to her ridiculous speeches. It was very hard for him to stop laughing when he heard the nonsense she was saying. Lady Catherine seemed to have a predilection for boasting about purely imaginary qualities. She was ridiculous and didn't even realize it. Although the boy was very young, he could see the difference between his mother and aunt, and between his father and uncle. It was obvious that there was not the slightest affection between Sir Lewis and Lady Catherine. Their relationships were cold, formal and rigid. And if Lady Catherine showed no affection at all for her daughter, Sir Lewis showed a little more interest but he did not have much success because the child was obviously very fearful. Fitz had been outraged to hear his aunt reprimand little Anne as she had passed her in the hallway. It was likely that she had understood nothing of what Lady Catherine was saying. That woman was crazy. How could a two-year-old girl understand anything about her mother's ridiculous speech? All she did was to terrify her even more! Fitz had looked at his aunt with such contempt and indignation that she could not fail to understand him. Since then, when he saw her, he was coldly polite to her and referred only to her by her title. He was sufficiently aware of his social position to know that he held a higher rank than her own. He would never let her forget it. Since she was so anxious to play the snob, he would make sure that she knew that he considered her inferior and that he would never allow her to give him orders. Lady Catherine was mad at this attitude, but she did not dare complain, understanding that neither her sister nor her husband would support her. It didn't matter. She didn't lose anything waiting. One day she'd make sure she showed him who she was. Sir Lewis kept his promise and harshly reprimanded his wife for the ridiculous way she treated their daughter. He sent the nurse away, who entirely devoted to Lady Catherine's orders, and hired someone who could take better care of her. He warned his wife that she was not allowed to interfere in the way the child was being raised and that she would no longer see her without another person present. And he strongly advised her not to forget that Anne was only two years old and that to scold her as she had done was despicable on her part. Lady Catherine was mad with rage. She easily understood who had denounced her. She couldn't do anything without making a fool of herself. The contemptuous look in her nephew's eyes made it clear that he didn't care what she told him. She promised herself that one day he would come to regret his attitude and that he would be forced to ask her forgiveness. She was deluding herself, but she hadn't realized it yet. Finally, the happiest day of Fitzwilliam's young life arrived, when the Darcys bade adieu Sir Lewis, Lady Catherine and Anne. Fitzwilliam breathed a great sigh of relief as their carriage moved down the road to leave Rosings Park for London, and then Pemberley. ? December 1791 Fitzwilliam, accompanied by Miss Dalton, had returned directly to Pemberley while his parents stayed in town for a few weeks, arriving in Pemberley just in time to prepare for the Christmas holidays. George Darcy, although he did not like being too far from Pemberley, was forced, because of his commercial affairs, to spend some time in the city two or three times a year. However, he was comforted to know that his estate was in good hands and very skilfully managed by his steward, Mr Wickham. Shortly after inheriting Pemberley, when his father's steward retired, George Darcy hired Mr Wickham in his place. The latter had been a lawyer at Matlock but he was looking for a change for the good of his family. He had married the pretty daughter of the senior lawyer at the firm where he worked. She was not yet twenty years old, but he very quickly discovered that her beauty hid a stupid and frivolous mind and that she had a taste for expenses that were always more than their income allowed. Mr. Wickham hoped that moving her away from the city to live on a country property would reduce her spending habits. When they arrived at the steward's house on Pemberley land in mid-1782, they had taken with them their two six-year-old daughters, Sarah and Jane, and were about to become parents again. Young George was born about five months after they arrived in Pemberley. The Duke had become the godfather of the young George Wickham. He had attended his baptism, had always regularly asked about him, but otherwise paid very little attention to his godson as long as George was a very young child. Christmas was always a happy time for the Darcys to spend with family and friends, entertainment with dinners, a ball, Christmas carols, an impromptu dance and games every day between Christmas and Kings' Night. And the second day after Christmas was always given to the servants and tenants of Pemberley. They were invited to the main house with their families for a special dinner in the servants' room, usually followed by songs and a ball. The Duke and Duchess always came to visit them to drink a toast in season and wish all their employees and tenants a merry Christmas. That year they took Fitzwilliam with them to the servants' room. He was very surprised to see so many children among those present and asked his parents to allow him to stay and play with some of them. But Lady Anne did not like the idea of seeing her son exposed to the disease, which perhaps one of these children was carrying without knowing it, and she quickly stopped her son's requests. She didn't really think it appropriate for Pemberley's heir to spawn with future servants. He had to learn to distinguish between his rank and their rank as soon as possible. Instead, he joined his parents as they moved around the room, so that he could talk quietly with each family in turn. Fitzwilliam knew some of the adults he met on his walks with his father. Of course, he knew Mr Wickham and sometimes saw his son, George. He was two years older than him, but where George Wickham was confident and talkative, Fitzwilliam was calm and uncertain. He had always been rather shy and uncomfortable with strangers and did not know very well how to talk to them. He preferred to stay away from them knowing that it was not necessarily a good idea, but he did not know how to remedy his problem. The Duke also noticed the difference between his son and his godson and decided, mentally, that Fitzwilliam needed to spend more time in the company of children his age. He had been surrounded by too many adults and not enough young companions, as was necessary. He was determined to believe that the friendship between these two boys could be a very good thing for both of them, especially since Randy Fitzwilliam was soon to join his brother in Eton. The Duchess wasn't so sure this idea was really wise. She had always been reluctant to let her son play with the villagers or the tenants' children. She was afraid they would teach him bad habits and misconceptions that might be difficult to lose. In the end, however, she accepted the idea on condition that the company was not limited to George Wickham. She was suspicious of the boy, but didn't know why. She would watch him to make sure he was not in a position to harm her son. ? Later, Fitzwilliam and George played together once or twice a week when the weather was nice. They really enjoyed each other's company. Fitzwilliam was happy to have someone to play with and George was happy to spend a few hours away from his older sisters who were not at all interested in outdoor games, much preferring sewing or calmer games inside. After a few months, the boys also met on days when the weather was bad. George came to the main house after Fitzwilliam's lessons and the boys could take care of lead soldiers, card games, or checkers. Fitzwilliam was learning to play chess, and backgammon with his father, but was not skilled enough or qualified to teach them to George who knew nothing about these games. He wasn't very interested, much to the disappointment of his playmate. In winter, they played in the snow, sliding down the hills, building snowmen, or organizing snowball battles. In the spring, Mr Wickham made kites for the boys and they spent many hours trying to get them to fly. They had some success, but also more failures because of the many trees on the Pemberley lands. George, who could barely sit on a horse, had to be taught by his father before the boys could ride together in the fields and park, always accompanied by a groom. George didn't like this hobby as much as Fitzwilliam did. "Riding is fine if you have to go somewhere," George told Fitzwilliam, "but I have no pleasure in galloping in fields where no one can see how well we can ride." "But the park is too big for us to walk through." Fitzwilliam replied. "It's much better to go up." George Wickham was forced to agree, so he accepted this teaching, which he only half liked. Both boys enjoyed being able to fish in the summer. They would run to the creek to see who could get there first until one day Fitzwilliam ran too fast and fell into the running water before he could stop. He was sent home to change and met his father on the stairs. "What happened, Fitz?" he asked. When Fitz told him of his misfortune, George Darcy thought for a moment and said, "I think it's time you and George learned to swim. I wouldn't want you to accidentally fall into deep water and not be able to save yourself." The Duke discussed this with Mr. Wickham and he asked a sub-gardener, who had once been a sailor, to teach the boys to swim so that they would be able to swim in the pond safely for them. Phil, the young gardener, took the boys to the pond on sunny, hot days. He would stand at the water's edge where it was shallow, and the boys took turns holding each other over the water as Phil taught them to move their arms and legs. Fitzwilliam quickly adapted to this mode of travel. Phil then dropped the boy he was holding. Fitzwilliam realized that he could move in the water on his own and called George, "I'm a fish! Catch me if you can!" George had no desire to go in the water. He learned to swim but he did not like the weeds that grew at the bottom of the pond and never wanted to swim just for fun. His friend was a little disappointed to see that he seemed to take little pleasure in what he loved. But he did not seek to change his mind. From that moment on, Fitzwilliam, after going up into the fields on a hot day, would meet Phil so that he could refresh himself by bathing in the pond under his supervision. George preferred to walk back to the stables. Fitzwilliam told George and his parents about all his adventures, and their accomplishments. Lady Anne listened patiently, smiling at his obvious enthusiasm. But she also reminded him never to forget the difference that existed in the situation of the two boys, their families and their different social status. The Duke was equally delighted with his son's new skills but had also thought for himself. "I wish Fitz could possess some of George's easy, pleasant smiles. And George could well benefit from winning some of Fitz's love for books and studies." But these were vain thoughts that would not harm his love and pride for his son and godson.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting so long. I hope this chapter will help you to wait for the next step. I'm almost done with the next chapter and I have to hand it over to my betas to have the English version corrected. In the meantime, enjoy your reading. opinion, please Chapter 4 Family Visits December 1793 The Honourable Randy Fitzwilliam, eleven years old, was the younger brother of the Viscount of Holbourne and the second son of the Earl of Matlock. He was also bored to death. They had been travelling from London for almost three days, travelling slowly because of the bad weather that made the roads slippery and dangerous for horses and travellers. No matter how comfortable and excellent the carriages were, spending long hours locked in a vehicle on bumpy roads was very boring for a young boy. As he was no more than ten years old and had an exuberant and adventurous temperament, he demanded a lot of entertainment and his parents and little sister did not adequately meet this need. The Earl of Matlock was a very strong man of about thirty-five years of age but he had spent most of the trip sleeping in the opposite seat. His wife was sitting next to him, cradling Marina, Randy's younger sister, in her arms for the duration of the trip. Whatever one may say about the Countess, she was a very attentive and devoted mother. He sighed deeply. After being confined for so long in the company of people who did nothing to gather the enthusiasm of a young boy, Randy was really not the happiest. The trip was long and boring and he didn't know what to do to keep busy. However, he knew very well that his fate was much more pleasant than that of his brother, David, who had been reduced to sharing a carriage with their de Bourgh relatives. Their uncle, Sir Lewis, was a very pleasant and kind man, in Randy's opinion, but his wife, Lady Catherine, his father's sister, was extremely annoying and unpleasant. She seemed convinced that she was of great importance but Randy could not understand why. Authoritarian, pretentious and very proud, she expected everyone to obey her demands. Apparently, she was often disappointed because most of her family members did not pay her the slightest attention which infuriated her greatly. She was very full of herself and could not bear to be contradicted or ignored, even if it happened very often. It was to be hoped that she would only be concerned about the presence of cousin Anne, who was only three years older than Marina. Randy strongly doubted that Aunt Cat would bother to take care of her daughter herself, as his mother did; the fact that Anne's nanny had been asked to accompany her in the family carriage was a clear indication of this. No, given the choice between his current company and the option he would have been given in the other vehicle, he far preferred his fate to David's. Even if Edward were also present. Moreover, the reason for the trip made him more than willing to be indulgent and to endure the boredom of the trip: they were going to Pemberley! Randy had not been to Pemberley for almost two years, his parents having generally limited their presence to London since well before Marina's birth. He had missed their previous frequent visits to this property because, although he loved his own home, even a young boy could appreciate the fact that there was something special about Pemberley. It was not the place itself that he wished for most, however. No, what he missed most about Pemberley was his cousin who, confusingly, was named Fitzwilliam. A better playmate and more excellent friend you could not find; he was a blood relation and quite intelligent and Randy loved his youngest cousin a very great deal. He had missed him terribly since Marina was born. Although the Darcys had been coming to town for some time since then, his uncle Darcy did not like London society and they never stayed very long, certainly not long enough for Randy to enjoy Fitzwilliam's company much! It was therefore not surprising to his parents that their restless son's agitation increased more and more as they approached Pemberley. Although his uncle had the title of duke, he did not like to use it, except when it was useful. For example, to put Lady Catherine in her place by reminding her that he was of higher rank than her own. She was still furious about it. Despite being the daughter of a count, she had married a man of the lowest rank which was very humiliating for her. He knew she dreamed of taking her sister's place in Pemberley, but this something that had no chance of happening, for the Duke despised her too much. It was quite amusing to see her eyes shining with lust, envy and jealousy when she was in Pemberley. Lady Catherine would eventually realize her insignificance. ? The Fitzwilliam were known in their circles both for their frankness of character and for their famous hospitality, traits almost universally possessed by every member of the family. Although Lady Anne Fitzwilliam had exchanged her last name for Darcy, it was obvious to everyone that she still considered herself a Fitzwillam in her heart. When the carriages carrying her brothers and sisters and their families stopped in front of Pemberley grand house, she was already going down the stairs to greet them, a vision in green velvet and ermine and as beautiful at thirty years old as she had been like a new bride nine years earlier. Her obvious enthusiasm and beautiful colouring could not have been more opposed to those of her husband, black of hair and black of eye, who followed her to greet her guests at a much calmer pace. Lady Anne rushed to kiss her brother and the viscountess, cheerfully exclaiming about Randy and David's big size, and how cute the tiny Marina looked in her little hat. She likely would have continued to greet her father and sister in the same manner if her husband had not approached the group at that very moment. With a little smile for his wife, George Darcy suggested that they all go inside, because the intense cold of winter in Derbyshire could not be good for the count's health, or that of the children. "Indeed, we best go inside," said Lady Catherine. "You should not keep my Anne out here. She has already suffered a terrible cold this winter and I thought it would have been better to stay in Kent for her health. She has such a fragile constitution, you know, although I'm sure she will get stronger over time and it would have been much better for her if we had stayed south for such a harsh winter. But Sir Lewis insisted that we allow you to welcome us for Christmas this year, so I have taken all the necessary precautions, thus far, to keep her warm. Our carriage is quite well insulated, else I would not have acquiesced." The assembled people were well accustomed to these kinds of statements from Lady Catherine. She had once been a rather kind woman, although perhaps not quite as kind as her sister, but her failure to have a child during the first years of her marriage had cost her her husband's respect and made her uncomfortable. Anne's birth had come as a relief to all. The fact that it was a girl instead of the desired heir had considerably reduced Catherine's joy. Since then, she had worked tirelessly to ensure the well-being of her daughter, constantly afraid that her child, whom she had had such difficulty having, would be taken from her, as Anne was indeed somewhat delicate. However, the family generally suspected that the girl's health was more robust than her mother was inclined to believe. Sir Lewis, in particular, had little patience for his wife's agitation. He had good reason to regret his wife's choice, but he knew that regret would be useless. He had to deal with and endure being married to an unbearable shrew. He had made sure, as soon as he understood it, at the beginning of their marriage, that she understood he intended to be the master in his house and that her only right was to obey him. She had tried to protest, outraged by what she considered to be a lack of respect for her but Sir Lewis had ignored her speeches and given her a glimpse of what it would cost her if she tried to disobey him. He quickly realized that she was treating their daughter outside of all common sense. By virtue of Catherine's belief that she knew better than anyone what was good for little Anne, she ensured that all her orders were carried out. Instead of strengthening the little girl's health, she had only weakened it. Sir Lewis was horrified to find that his daughter barely dared to speak to him because her mother made her believe that she was of no importance to him. He had been furious with his wife. Determined to frustrate Catherine's schemes, he spent at least an hour a day with the child, taking her for a walk, without worrying about the outrageous protests he considered particularly stupid. He also found that the girl had no toys and was not permitted to play or make any noise. She had to stay there, motionless and silent, like a doll sitting on the fireplace, without having the opportunity to say a single word. These facts had driven Sir Lewis mad with rage. He had sent away the incompetent servants who were taking care of his daughter and replaced them with a nurse and a servant who were accountable only to him. He had forbidden his wife to approach Anne without one of these servants being present and he had advised her to stop talking nonsense to their daughter, else he would make sure that she would no longer have the right to see her. She had absolutely no right to decide on their child's future. This right belonged only to him and only to him and he would not allow his wife to waste his life with her despicable schemes. If she tried to disobey, she'd regret it. He had never hit her before, but he might well be tempted to change his mind about this and give her a taste of his riding crop. This threat had made Lady Catherine positively furious, but she understood that he would keep his word if forced to do so. There was absolutely nothing she could do to oppose him. This fact made her very frustrated and angry. However, she was determined to not give up her plans. She would simply have to be smarter than her husband to achieve her goal. ? Sir Lewis' sister-in-law, however, was most gracious. Lady Catherine's requests to enter the house and see her daughter taken directly into the nursery, so that her nurse could take care of her health and comfort, were granted, greetings were exchanged before the enthusiastic hostess complied with her request. The parents saw that the children had been settled in the nursery - with the exception of David Fitzwilliam, who was very soon to be twelve years old and therefore rather too old - and the adults were taken to the rooms where they could relax after a long day's travel. Fitzwilliam was delighted to welcome his cousin Edward. He hoped that Edward would help him look after his little sister whenever he was present, for he was suspicious of his aunt and knew that she would try to force him to spend time with the little girl, under some pretext. But he didn't intend to let her ruin his vacation by forcing him to be his cousin's nanny. Randy, too, was greeted with all the enthusiasm he could have hoped for by his young cousin, who had obviously missed him as much as he, Randy, had missed Fitzwilliam. After a thorough inspection of an eleven-month-old Marina, during which he had his nose pinched and his hair pulled by his curious little cousin, Fitzwilliam gave an account of the adventures he had had since the last time they had met. His report was just as enthusiastic as his mother's warm welcome had been before and he seemed unwilling to forget the slightest detail. Randy was particularly amused by his cousin's account of an incident involving a tureen of onion soup and several large toads in the garden. Being an observant boy, it was not long before Randy noticed how often the names of George Wickham and Robert Harcourt were mentioned. His natural curiosity was awakened and he asked his cousin about them. "George is the son of Father's steward," explained Fitzwilliam, "and Robert's father is the rector of Lambton. They are very good friends." "I should like to meet them," said Randy. "Any friend of my cousin Darcy is a friend of mine!" Indeed, he had already met George Wickham before, during his first visit to Pemberley. Fitzwilliam was too young at the time to play much with the older boys, but Randy and George were almost the same age, not even a full month separated their birthdays, and the pair had had a wonderful time. But that was four years ago, and children can be forgiven for not immediately remembering a brief acquaintance from several years ago. Fitzwilliam, for his part, was eager to bring together his favorite cousin and his favorite playmates. "We cannot visit Robbie because he went to spend Christmas on his grandfather's property, but George lives here in Pemberley," he said. Randy's eyes opened with surprise. "Your father's steward lives on the property?" Fitzwilliam nodded. "It is true. My father's steward is also a lawyer and has his own house." Perhaps something in Randy's tone implied criticism of His Grace's management of those in his employ, because Fitzwilliam felt the need to defend his father. "Pemberley is much bigger than your father's property," he said protectively. "And my father has properties in Ireland and in Northumberland and Hampshire, so he has other stewards to look after them. Pemberley's management gives Mr. Wickham more than enough work for him not to be able to do anything else. Moreover, living here is more convenient for him and prevents him from making constant trips back and forth between Pemberley and Lambton." Randy frowned, but did not answer. He had never really thought about or given much consideration to the fact that one day his cousin would be much richer than he, as a second son, could ever realistically expect to be. Fitzwilliam's thoughtless remark about the vast properties belonging to the Darcy family, which were large enough to considerably exceed the Fitzwilliam properties, even without taking into consideration the land in Ireland, suddenly struck Randy with strength that his own and his brother's perspectives were clearly different from that of his cousin. His brother would succeed their father as Viscount of Holbourne and eventually assume the title of Earl of Matlock. His cousin would one day be the master of many large properties and, if his parents' conversations that he had heard listening outside his father's study were a reliable source, Fitzwilliam would certainly become one of the richest men in the Midlands. Randy himself, on the other hand, would probably inherit nothing more than a small annuity that his family would see fit to leave him and he would have to make his own way in the world. That idea made the boy, typically very exuberant, suddenly quite still. For many years, however, his life would be similar to that of his cousin and brother. In a few years, he would follow David to Eton and then to Cambridge - or perhaps Oxford - but the men of the Fitzwilliam family had been educated in Cambridge for generations. And then... what? He would not have a large property waiting for him to inherit it. "Randy?" asked Fitzwilliam, obviously surprised. "Why are you so quiet?" Ah, he would think about the future later. He didn't need to worry about it for years and it would be much more fun to play with his cousin than to sulk because Fitzwilliam was richer than him! "No reason," he said, quickly returning to his usual good mood. "But you are never quiet," observed Fitzwilliam. That was true, but Randy was not about to admit it. Although his cousin would be seven years old in March, he was firmly convinced that Fitzwilliam was too young to be overwhelmed with such problems. Distraction, therefore, became his object. "Hey, do you want to play hide-and-seek?" Fitzwilliam looked at him strangely, but simply replied, "There are only two of us, we cannot play hide and seek." Randy smiled widely. "We can get David and Edward to agree. Perhaps Anne will also play with us. Would you mind, Anne?" He looked at the little girl, who had been entrusted to the care of her nurse, with an inquisitive look. Anne was a small girl, giving the impression of being two years old rather than almost four, and she almost disappeared into the many layers of clothing her mother insisted she wear to keep warm. Her blue-grey eyes widened wide open with surprise as she heard her older noisy cousin speak to her. Bowing her head, she agreed to play. "See?" said Randy, smiling triumphantly at Fitzwilliam. A smile appeared on Fitzwilliam's face. "Then we'll play sardines." ? 'Playing hide-and-seek,' Fitzwilliam thought, 'would have been much more fun if we had played more than one round before an unfortunate sneeze drew Aunt Catherine's attention to where Anne and I were hiding behind the curtains in the portrait gallery, waiting for David to find us.' Aunt Catherine's lecture on their negligence in exposing Anne to the cold - as if Pemberley were a draughty country house! - had lasted about ten minutes before David's arrival on stage and then lasted five or six times longer as soon as he was present. Being the eldest of the cousins, he should have known how to avoid her and Fitzwilliam was convinced that she would have continued to lecture them if his father had not come to join them and put an end to the scene. Pemberley's heir had never in his life been so grateful to his father. Anne had been sent back to the nursery to be placed under the appropriate care of her nurse. For the well-being and peace of the family, it was agreed that the cousins would have their dinner in the nursery rather than torment their aunt by appearing with the rest of the family as previously planned. Fitzwilliam had heard that Lady Catherine did not approve of children at the dinner table, even on the best of days. It was particularly amusing, as he learned the next day from his grandfather, because when she herself had been a little girl, she had had at least one very impressive tantrum for not being allowed to join her parents during their dinners. Fitzwilliam was extremely concerned about provoking his aunt's anger, but his father quickly put his mind at ease, steering him safely away from the noble lady who was still grumbling. "Do not worry, Will," he said, "it is just your Aunt Cat's way of behaving. Do not let the noise scare you, because that does not mean something is truly wrong. She is very stubborn and likes to get what she wants." "But Anne was so scared, I thought she might faint if Lady Catherine kept screaming," Fitzwilliam told him, "and then I should have had to catch her." His father laughed. "I am certain you would have done it that way, my boy!" Fitzwilliam's only response to this was a shrug followed, after a few moments of gloomy contemplation, by the statement, "Now even David and Edward will have to have dinner upstairs because we are disturbing our aunt." The duke tapped him on the shoulder. "I want to make clear what I was saying. Do not worry about it. In fact, tomorrow, you will join us all for dinner, regardless of what Lady Catherine may say. Your mother and I have an important announcement to make and we want you and your cousins to be with us when we do." Interested, he looked up high, very high, for his father was an awfully tall man. "An announcement? What is it about?" "Patience, my son." "Is it a secret?" Fitzwilliam asked. His father wore a curious smile on his face. "Not for very long." "And it's a good secret, isn't it?" "Yes, Will, I think it's a very good secret." With the anticipation of such a disclosure and the coming evening and morning with George and Randy, if he had a say, Fitzwilliam could not feel much better about the incident with his aunt Catherine. ? Fitzwilliam loved the Christmas season, even though the bad weather forced him, most of the time, to stay inside the house, which restricted possible activities. Fortunately, Pemberley's vast rooms were sufficiently heated, although this was not an easy task. For several weeks of the year, his family felt as united as Maggie and Robert's. Another advantage was that his father spent more time at home at Christmas. Winter was considered a rather quiet time for a gentleman farmer, although, having several properties to manage and a number of investments to monitor, George Darcy was not short of occupation, even during the cold season. It was therefore not surprising that Fitzwilliam did not see his father very much during the hottest months. It sometimes happened that several days passed without his parents coming to see him in the nursery, but even if the fields were covered with snow, the duke was busy enough to have little time to devote attention solely to his heir. At least now that his family members were present, Fitzwilliam was certain that his father would spend more time with them. He was sure that his mother would also rejoice during these blessed days. Lady Anne was never happier than when she had all her family members with her in Pemberley. So how could she not be happy for the next few days? It would make the party very happy during the whole time their guests were there. The presence in Pemberley of his cousins and, in particular, Randy, whose age he was closest to, could only improve Fitzwilliam's good humour and holiday joy. The day after their arrival, he arranged for Randy to be introduced to George Wickham again, which delighted both boys. However, the young boy quickly became aware of the differences between his cousin and his friend. It didn't matter much, after all, but he was just a little disappointed to see that he was the youngest and regretted that Robbie was not there. It seemed obvious that young Wickham hoped to be invited to the big house for Christmas dinner, but Randy quickly put an end to those illusions. "That is not possible, Wickham. You may not mingle with the family." "Why not?" asked George, obviously offended. "Because," replied Randy, "you are the son of a servant. Fitz's father is the master of yours. It's not done. There are rules to follow, you understand?" George frowned. He knew very well the difference between Fitz and himself, but hearing it said in this way was not pleasant. "Anyway, I doubt very much that His Grace would agree," Randy continued in a confident tone. "I can imagine Lady Catherine's reaction if we ever wanted to place a steward at the same table as her. She would certainly be outraged. She is very snobbish and would certainly put you very brutally in your place if she found out what you wanted - and she would not bother being nice." George Wickham was forced to abandon his project, which made him furious. He was not at all happy to be told what he was: someone of little importance who would have to work one day to support himself, while Fitz could live in luxury at will without having to worry about what would be on his plate. He would never lack for anything. The young Wickham obviously had no idea how much work the Duke had to do to make his estate prosper. Did he think money grew on trees? Sadly, it would be years before he would understand the realities of life. ? Fitz had been very disturbed by the scene that had occurred, so he decided to talk to his father but he thought it best to avoid doing so in the presence of Lady Catherine. He had no desire to hear her opinion, so he went to his father's office and was relieved to find him alone and asked his permission to talk to him. Seeing that his son seemed troubled by something, the Duke invited his son to sit in front of him. "What is going on, Fitz? Did you have a fight with George? This kind of thing can happen, but I'm sure you can fix it yourself." Fitzwilliam answered, "No, we did not fight. This is, however, concerning George." He proceeded to tell his father about the conversation that had taken place between Randy and George. "And what is the problem?" asked the Duke. "I do not understand why it would not be a good idea to invite George. He is my friend and your godchild. Do you not see him as a member of the family?" "Not exactly. Randy is correct. There are rules to follow. Even as my godchild, George remains the son of a servant. His father is at my service, you know that. He cannot be involved in an environment that is not his own. It is one thing for him to be your friend, Fitz, but that does not mean he should think he is your equal, for he is not. One day, he will have to work to ensure his livelihood. I will do what is necessary to establish him, but he should not get used to luxury because he may have trouble living more modestly afterwards." Confused, Fitzwilliam asked, "Did you not say you would like him to go to Cambridge? Is that not too much for him? He might get ideas above his rank. And when he sees that he is not getting what he thinks he is entitled to, he will be disappointed, frustrated and angry." "We shall discuss this again when the time comes, Fitz. I think I will have a discussion with George so that he understands things better. In a few years, I may send him to a school where he would have to submit to discipline. He will choose a profession and could study according to this choice. I do not intend to let him believe that he is destined for a life of leisure and dissipation. He's smart enough to understand that he will lose my favour if he misbehaves. I am sure he will do what is best for him." After a brief silence, he added, "Your loyalty to your friend honours you, my son, and I am proud of you. Since it is impossible to invite him for Christmas, how about having a little party for Twelfth Night? You can invite any friends you wish." With a hopeful look in his eyes, Fitzwilliam remarked, "Robbie and Maggie will be back from their visit to their grandfather, so they can come too?" "Of course, you can invite the young Harcourt but you have to be courteous with your aunt. I know she is difficult to live with, but that does not mean you cannot be polite." "And Maggie?" Fitzwilliam inquired, eager to support his point of view. "Yes, and Miss Harcourt, too," conceded his father. ? That night, an announcement was made after dinner. The little girls had been sent back to the nursery because they were too young to stay up late, but the boys had received permission, despite Lady Catherine's protests. She disapproved of children remaining until the end of the evening. It was Christmas Eve. Games were played by all those who wanted to do so. Lady Anne took her place at the fortepiano to accompany her family in a series of joyful songs. Fitzwilliam could not help but make a face when he heard his aunt's squeaky voice, and she was obviously singing incorrectly. What a horror! She should have abstained. Apparently, everyone seemed to have decided to ignore this fact. He would do the same thing. He promised himself he would not say anything about her. He would make sure he ignored it, as he did when he visited Rosings Park. She did not matter enough to him to make him care about her. Shortly afterwards, Georges Darcy took his glass of port and stood. "Now that everyone is ready to listen, my dear Anne and I have some news to share. It seems that the Child Jesus will not be the only child to be celebrated here in Pemberley this year." This intelligently expressed statement took a moment to be understood. Unusually, it was Lady Catherine who was the first to react. "Are you expecting a child?" she asked her sister, obviously surprised. Lady Anne bowed her head, all pink and radiant. "What?" asked the Count. "Did I hear you announce that I was to be an uncle again?" To the approving nod of his brother-in-law, he nodded with a satisfied nod and shone. "That is assuredly good news. I am delighted for both of you and have no doubt that you will be able to take care of this little one as well as you do your first child. I need another well-behaved nephew to compensate for the pair of exasperating children I must deal with." This pronouncement provoked outrageous and noisy protests from Randy and David, who received affectionate slaps on the head from their father, appeasing them. Having calmed down his eldest children, Lord Matlock turned to study his young nephew. "And, Fitzwilliam, do you like the idea of becoming an older brother?" Fitzwilliam had been sitting in surprised silence all this time and he remained so for a while longer, visibly considering the question that had just been asked of him. "I hope I would be a good brother," he said at last, "and I would love a little sister. My friend Robert has a sister, you understand, and I think I would do much better with a sister to keep busy, I think." The Count laughed and the rest of the family imitated him, as was usually the case among adults who had just received an unexpected response from a young child.
Chapter 5 George is furious December 1791 George Wickham was absolutely furious. He had hoped to spend Christmas night at Pemberley and have fun with the other boys. Instead, he had to be content with the company of his sisters and parents and he had been bored to death. All this must be Fitzwilliam's fault, who had not invited him. Fitzwilliam was shocked by his friend's reaction. He had spoken to his father who explained that it was impossible and so, he knew that George could not be invited. He could not invite the son of a servant to a Duke's family meal. It simply could not happen. The little boy tried to explain this but George did not seem eager to understand it. He complained, "I do not see why I cannot be invited!" Fitzwilliam saw Randy's worried eyes and looked down at the carpet, holding back a frustrated sigh. He had not expected a confrontation like this when he had sought to see George this morning. He had only wanted to wish his friend a merry Christmas – albeit a little late - and share with his best friend the good news that he was going to be a big brother. He had been quite excited since the announcement of Christmas Eve and had no one with whom to share it. His cousins were all good and pleasant, but for Randy and David, the novelty of having younger siblings had long passed and Anne and Penelope were too young to be worthy of confiding in. He had assumed that although George, unlike himself, already had siblings, he could still appreciate the excitement of a future brother or sister, even if he spent little time with his sisters. Instead, Fitzwilliam was confronted with an inquisition. "I'm sorry, George, but my father told me clearly that it was not done. It would be inappropriate." George asked angrily, "Did you ask him?" "Yes of course," replied Fitzwilliam, "But he said he would not do it. You are the son of the steward, George, that is to say, a servant. My aunt, Lady Catherine, would be very shocked if he put someone like him next to her. She is very snobbish and concerned with rank. She would certainly consider this an insult." Randy came to the aid of his younger cousin, "What Fitz means, George, is that his father is the master of Pemberley and he makes the decisions. My cousin asked him if he could invite you and his father refused. You have to understand one thing. Fitz is the master's son, you are the steward's. In the eyes of some, your father is nothing more than a servant. My Aunt Catherine, who is the worst snob I know, would probably say that your place is at the office, not at the table of the masters. She would treat you with the greatest contempt. Fitz is your friend and that can bring you a lot of benefits for your future." "She must be a very nasty woman," said George disgustedly. Randy laughed mockingly. "She has a stone instead of a heart. She is convinced of her importance because her father is a count. She can not bear being opposed or contradicted and she is furious that no one takes her seriously, apart from her servants and the people who depend on her estate – those are only because they have no choice because, in reality, they despise it. She is an ambitious woman, eager for power and money, ready to do anything to achieve her goal. If you tried to even pretend that you could have a place at the master's table, she would insult you in the worst way. Do not make Fitz responsible for this situation. He is not free to decide. You can see that the refusal of his father upsets him and that he does not really understand the reason." George shook his head. "All right, I understand," he grumbled. "Give it up, Fitz. I do not want your excuses. I was hoping we could have fun, but I was obviously wrong. I guess I'll have to have fun myself. Well, have fun with your cousins, I'll have to make do without you." He turned and walked away, looking furious and disappointed, indignant at not getting what he considered his due. Fitz opened his mouth to call him back, but his cousin stopped him. "Give it up, Fitz. I did not think George was so selfish. Well, too bad for him. I believe we will soon begin to discover his true character." "What do you mean, Randy?" Fitz asked, startled. "I think he's jealous and envious. I fear that growing up here and receiving affection from your father has given him ideas that need to be brutally destroyed. Beware, Fitz. He could become vindictive and pick on you." "It is not my fault! My father told me it was impossible!" "I know it and George does know it, but that will not stop him from blaming you for stopping him from attaining a place he can never reach. You cannot change anything; what matters is that you stay on your guard." "Okay. I will remember it. But it hurts me to disappoint George, "said Fitzwilliam, looking unhappy. "He will have to learn how to stay in his place, however," Randy said. "George must understand that no one is obliged to satisfy his whims. Do not trust him, Fitz, for his friendship and loyalty to you seem doubtful to me. I believe that he seeks to use you for his own benefit. Beware yourself. If he can hurt you, he will not hesitate for a second." "But, Randy, I cannot turn my back on him for no reason!" exclaimed a distraught Fitz. "I think he will give you reason enough one day. For now, stay on your guard and pay close attention to what he does," advised Randy, with a concerned look on his face. Fitzwilliam nodded. He promised to take the advice of his cousin into account. He would discover that Randy was right to warn him. ? When Mrs. Reynolds, the assistant housekeeper, found young Fitzwilliam Darcy in the green sitting room, hands clasped behind his back and agitatedly pacing the room, she saw that he resembled - in an amusing but adorable way - a tiny version of his father. She also suspected that her work was going to be delayed in a way that had nothing to do with the dried boughs she was supposed to be using to cover the mantelpiece. Lucy Reynolds had been working for the Darcy family for over two years now, since shortly before her wedding. Daughter of one of the farmers of the property, she had fallen in love with her Jim, who was employed as the duke's coachman. Mr. Reynolds' salary, although perfectly adequate for his own needs, was not enough for him to support a wife. Lucy had been prepared to work in Lambton, if work were available, but the duke had intervened through his housekeeper. Mrs. White had approached Mr. Reynolds and forwarded to him the Darcy offer - no doubt made in honor of Jim's loyal service, which had begun many years before he was promoted to his current position - to give Lucy a job so she could stay closer to her husband once they were married. It was a convenient arrangement and although the hours were long, she preferred the opportunities available to her in her current position to any type of job she might have found in the shop of a milliner or as maid-of-all-work for some poor soul. It was an unusual situation ... but the Darcy was an unusual family and she doubted that many families in their position would be so generous. Gratitude, needless to say, was the most important of all the feelings Mrs. Reynolds felt towards her employers, but her most charitable feelings were not limited to the master and mistress of the house. Mrs. Reynolds had always had a weak point for the children and little Darcy was loved by her very quickly. He was really a very sweet and kind little boy. She fervently hoped that if ever Jim and she were ever blessed with a son, that the child would have as good a disposition as Fitzwilliam Darcy. Perplexed, Mrs. Reynolds realized that the young master did not seem very happy at the moment. Something serious must be troubling him, to the point that he was not paying any attention to what was going on around him. She saw that he was walking up and down the room, frowning fiercely. Even while walking calmly, he had an odd expression on his face which would not have been much different than if she had found a bee in his hat, Mrs. Reynolds thought. She was part of the Pemberley staff and she was not supposed to get involved in the affairs of family members. However, coming from a large family herself, she knew that younger ones frequently need a caring ear to help solve their problems and she did not believe that he was going to get that from either of his parents. Admittedly, they were devoted and attentive, but also very aware of their social position. True, the Duke and Duchess were courteous employers. They carefully watched over all their employees' needs and made sure they did not miss anything. If one of them was ill, he or she would receive the necessary care and not lose their pay during the time he would be unable to work. However, despite their obvious affection for their son, they did not spend much time with him, even though they were far more friendly to their son than most of their peers were to their children. She could not expect the little boy to get much compassion from the nursery servants. Lucy did not really know the cousins of her young master, but the nurse was a stupid woman, more preoccupied with flirting with other men than worrying about the state of mind of her young charges. That was what decided her. She would talk and see what would come out of it. "Is something wrong, Master Fitzwilliam?" she asked, bowing. "You seem very concerned." The boy looked up. "My apologies! I was unaware of your presence! Does my presence hinder you?" "Not at all. I have to decorate the mantel with holly branches for Christmas." "May I watch?" the boy asked, giving her a curious look. "Of course," she replied with a smile. "I do not see any problem." She began her task by removing the dust that was on the mantelpiece. From time to time, she glanced momentarily at the very attentive boy. "You looked rather sad just now, young master. Something is wrong?" The little boy sighed and shook his head unhappily. Mrs. Reynolds saw the little boy's sad look. Temporarily halting her work, she knelt before him to be at his height before asking nicely, "Perhaps I could help you?" As she expected, the little boy was waiting for such a question and he told her the entire story, sharing his distress of his friend's disappointment. Mrs. Reynolds listened attentively to his story and reflected on the disappointment of young Wickham. The child was somewhat nice, she had to admit, and his father was a very good and intelligent man. However, young Wickham behaved very often like a spoiled child, and what had happened was the proof. Of course, it was not too late to correct his faults. His mother was a harpy who tended to think herself more important than others because she was the daughter of a lawyer. It must have been she who put such corrosive ideas in her son's mind and made him believe himself more important than he truly was. She did not realize that by doing so, she was likely to harm her child seriously and, yet, it is also true that the duke himself was making a grave error by showing a preference to this boy over his own son. Lucy had learned from Mrs. White that the Duke had offered beautiful gifts to young Wickham even before the Duke's own son was born. Even after the birth of young Fitzwilliam, he had continued this practice, which would cause one to wonder why. Admittedly, Mr Wickham was a respectable man, but that did not explain such an attitude. Lucy even suspected the Duke of intending to offer a good education to George Wickham. She hoped he would not spoil the boy's character by showing him too much indulgence. If used properly, the boy could reap many benefits, but it would be necessary to prevent his mother from giving him ideas that might cause young Wickham to view himself as worthy of a better life than what his father, Mr. Wickham, could offer. As for young Fitzwilliam, he finished the story of his dispute with his friend. Mrs. Reynolds thought it was proof that young Wickham was beginning to think too well of himself, despite his young age. If she had understood correctly, he had almost demanded that the Duke's son invite him to share the Christmas meal with the Darcy family. What audacity! What presumption! She would have liked to see him face Lady Catherine. No doubt the proud lady would have promptly put him in his place and perhaps taught him a good lesson. "You have done nothing wrong, young master," she said softly. "You agreed to make this request to your father because you have a generous heart. George Wickham has no right to blame you because your father refused. He was perfectly entitled to it." "But I do not understand why," wondered Fitzwilliam, "George is my friend." "You did not promise him anything. Did not your father explain to you why he could not accept your request?" asked Mrs. Reynolds gently. "Yes, but I do not know if I agree with his answer." "Tell me, young master, would you have liked to invite also the young Ben, the stable boy?" Ben it was who took care of Fitzwilliam's pony, she knew, and the young master liked him. "But I could not!" exclaimed the little boy. "Why not?" "Because he's a servant!" Mrs. Reynolds explained, "Mr. Wickham is also a servant. His son, even if he is your friend, is not your equal. Do you think Lady Catherine would have been happy to share her meal with the son of a servant?" Fitzwilliam grimaced. In spite of his youth, he had not failed to notice his aunt's barely disguised disdain for the servants. She looked down on them and spoke to them only when she had to. His father and cousins had already told him that she would certainly be outraged by such a presumption. "You made no promise to your friend, did you?" Lucy asked. "No. I only told him that I would ask my father." "And then he cannot blame you because your father refused the request. The choice did not belong to you. he must know that. But be careful - you should always be careful never to make promises if you are not sure if you can keep them. You will be careful, will not you?" After a moment of reflection on the subject, the boy gave a small decided nod. "Yes," he said. "You are probably right. It would be much better." After another moment of reflection, he smiled in his improbable confidante. "You are nice," he said. "I like you. Thank you for listening to me." With those words he leapt to his feet and, without another word, rushed off. Mrs. Reynolds smiled after him, shaking her head. He was really the dearest child she had ever met. ? Alas, for the children, it was time for the Fitzwilliams and the Bourghs to leave Pemberley. Lady Anne would have liked to convince them to stay longer, but her persuasion was in vain. The count explained that even if the idea of such a trip was not amusing, his presence was necessary due to business in London shortly after the Night of the Kings. He therefore had to leave as soon as possible if he did not want to risk being late. "But," he added teasingly, speaking to his brother-in-law loud enough for everyone to hear, "I hope to see you in town very soon. You have been keeping my sister in Derbyshire for too long, Darcy, and although I know how much you prefer the tranquility of Pemberley, this is not the case with the Fitzwilliams. Bring her to us so that she can enjoy her social position. You agree?" "Yes, my brother," replied the duke, smiling sadly. The day of departure, it was extremely cold. The farewells were brief, and Lady Anne was extremely tearful, which was understandable based on her condition. The younger cousins said goodbye in a quieter way, with Randy and Fitzwilliam wanting to make plans for all the fun they would have the next time they saw each other. A lot of laughter was heard when the quiet little Anne gave Fitzwilliam an enthusiastic hug to say goodbye and Lady Anne and Lady Catherine exchanged thoughtful and affectionate smiles over their children's heads. The Darcy were standing in the entrance hall, watching from the doorway as their extended family disappeared down the road, before returning inside to their daily routine that the vacation visit had so pleasantly interrupted. ? Maggie Harcourt had learned what had happened to her young friend and she felt that George had exceeded his rights by demanding such a request from Fitz. "You had no right to do it, George. You tried to take advantage of Fitz's kindness to satisfy your own desires!" "But ...!" "He spoke to his father and did not receive the answer you were hoping for. It is not his fault and you have no right to blame him. Besides, what is this ridiculous idea of mingling with the duke's family? Do you think that will make you more important? You had better remember what your place is! This will save you from being disappointed. I am sure the Duke is very shocked by your presumption. Take care not to go too far, George, for though he may have a certain affection for you, that does not mean that you must think that he views you as an equal to his own son. You are not his son and it would be ridiculous of you to think otherwise." She took a deep breath and continued, "The Duke can give you some advantages, but do not imagine that you can live as you wish. He will probably give you the opportunity to lead a respectable life, but you will have to work to secure your future. It's up to you, not him, even if he's willing to help you. You'd better not forget it! You are the son of a servant, George, do not forget that. You had no right to ask Fitz such a thing. He agreed to please you and, as you did not get what you hoped for, you go after him as if it's his fault. But remember that you are only the duke's godson, not a member of his family, as you seem to believe. The duke has a rank to preserve. To receive a servant and his son at his table would not have been suitable and especially when his family is present." George flushed with anger when he heard these words. He did not like being reminded that he was the son of a servant while Fitz was the master's son. He had begun to believe that he had a prominent place in the heart of the Duke of Wrexham, and that place gave him rights. Maggie was not finished with him. She had been suspicious for a long time of this boy with the charming manners and charming smile. She saw in it a mixture of falsity and deviousness that he dissimulated very well. "Fitz tried to please you by asking his father's permission to invite you. Do not you see how unhappy he was when he told you he refused? Are you selfish enough to blame him for a situation he is not responsible for? Take care, George! I doubt the Duke agrees that you behave as if you are entitled, which you assuredly are not! I hope you do not think that you are greater than Fitz in his eyes because it is certainly not so." George clenched his fists. He was furious and greatly wished to beat this damn girl, but he knew it would cost him too much. He just shrugged. "Ah well, too bad!" said George dismissively, "It's too late now, so I shall have to accept it and let's forget what happened. It's not worth worrying on." He reached out his hand to Fitzwilliam as a sign of peace. The child's face beamed with joy and he grasped Wickham's hand with both of his and squeezed. Maggie's face mirrored her distrust, but she said nothing. It was better to keep an eye on George than to speak for the moment but she would not allow him to harm Fitzwilliam. She suspected that George was being friendly because he believed it to be in his interest to do so, for he did not want to risk losing the affection of the duke by ceasing to be a friend to his son. She would have to watch him carefully to assure herself that he was not sneaking up on Fitz, hoping to gain some advantage. George was cunning and clever. Despite his young age, he was already very good at being duplicitous. It was better to be wary of him.
Chapter 6 The Tutor Pemberley, 1792 The summer following that joyous Christmas when young Fitzwilliam learned he was to be an older brother, the Duchess unfortunately lost the baby. She became deeply depressed because she was desperate to give her son a brother or sister and, consequently, was more protective than ever of him, determined to keep him safe with her in Pemberley. The Duke was just as disappointed as his wife and decided that his son would not go to Eton right away and perhaps not until he is eleven or twelve years old - or he might go directly to Cambridge. So the Duke decided that the best thing to do would be to hire a tutor who would reside at Pemberley and prepare Fitzwilliam for either Eton or for when his young son would be ready to attend Cambridge. The Duke thought that young Wickham could attend his son's lessons. It would be a great thing for George's future to receive a good education and perhaps he would learn more than he did from the vicar of Kympton. Obviously, young Wickham loved competition and competing with a boy younger than himself should stimulate and encourage him to learn everything necessary, for the boy had his pride and likely did not wish to be seen by all and sundry as incapable He decided to share his idea with his wife and said, ''I think it would be good for George to join Fitzwilliam's lessons. This would encourage him to learn more than he does with the village vicar and it would also be better for Fitz not to have to study alone.'' "Perhaps you are right," Lady Anne replied with visible reluctance, "However, I think you should ask Mr. Wickham to warn his son, for George behaves as if he were your son and not your godchild. And he gives others the impression that he has the same rights as Fitz. I think it is very easy for him to forget that he is the son of your steward, that you are only his godfather and that he will have to work hard to secure his future.'' ''We both understand the situation very well, Anne; I'll talk to Mr. Wickham. But George's manners are very pleasant and he has a lot of charm. I am sure that, with a good education, he will be able to secure his own future. It is my hope that one day he will become a pastor and we could guide him to achieve this goal.'' Lady Anne answered, ''He is far too charming for his own good and this could be dangerous for him if we are not careful. I am afraid his mother is willing to put bad ideas in his head. She could well ruin his life this way. Perhaps it might be easier if you didn't show such a preference for the young Wickham over our son. William is still too young to recognize this, but one day he will realize it and he may be deeply hurt. Is that what you want, George? To hurt our son by making him believe that a stranger deserves your affection more than he does? Moreover, by doing so, you make the young Wickham believe that he is more important to you than your own son. Beware! Beware! Such an attitude seems to me, to say the least, dangerous!'' The Duke looked at his wife with a surprised look. ''You truly mean that!'' She nodded. ''I am certain. Is not what happened at Christmas proof of that? Why did he feel offended because he was not invited to our family meal? Obviously, he thought that such a thing was perfectly normal. Our son suffered a lot because of that. It is therefore better if you are less familiar with George and make it clear to him what you expect from him. In addition, I do not think you should tell him that you want him to become a pastor. That would be like forcing his hand. Wait until he has grown up and ask him to make a choice. You will be able to help him depending on this choice. He will not be able to claim more than you can give him. I fear that he will end up feeling jealous and resentful of Fitz and our son will likely suffer as a result.'' ''I will take certain measures to avoid such a scenario," promised the Duke. ''If George does not work sufficiently with Fitz's tutor, I will send him to a school where he will be forced to do so because he will only go to Cambridge on this condition.'' ''Very well. We shall see at that time,'' agreed Lady Anne. ? The new tutor, Henry Sheston, arrived in Pemberley in August of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, while Lady Anne was still recovering from her last miscarriage. He was not yet twenty-four years old and had received a scholarship to Cambridge and been a tutor at King College. He was a charming, polite and kind young man with gentlemanly manners. He was intelligent, with an excellent ability to understand and a mind that made him capable of both learning and teaching well. Fitzwilliam was absolutely delighted to meet Mr. Sheston and have him as a tutor. Miss Dalton had taught him everything she knew about mathematics, geography and science. It was decided that she would remain, however, as Mr. Sheston's assistant because George had not yet reached Fitzwilliam's academic level. George had little interest in mastering the most basic subjects. It was rare for him to give his full attention to the lesson. When Fitz tried to discuss certain topics with him, he showed no interest in them. Fitz had told him about the French Revolution, but George did not care at all about what was happening in other countries. "I am not interested in any of this," he said, "I do not like books, history or geography and my mother does not make me do anything that I do not wish to do." Fitz replied, "That is not a good thing. How can you secure your future if you know nothing? You should not listen to your mother. She will ruin your life." So he set out to teach George everything he had learned about what was happening outside England. Fitz didn't realize that George was barely paying attention to what he was saying. At the same time, Miss Dalton and Mr. Sheston also discovered that George was inattentive and worked as little as possible. He preferred to use his smiles and charming manners to delight Miss Dalton and get an easy job and only during school hours in the morning. He had never had to work at home and spent his evenings gossiping with his mother and sisters. ? During the summer, Fitzwilliam tried to convince his father to allow him to participate in the hunt but the Duke considered him far too young. Handling a firearm was very dangerous and a rifle was heavy. The Duke discussed it with his wife, who was against it, and with his steward, Mr. Wickham. "I see no harm in it," he said. "However, I do believe you are correct. Master Darcy is far too young for this kind of activity. It is better to wait until he is at least ten years old. I would like George to be more interested in this kind of thing but all he thinks about is having fun and charming the Lambton merchants." "And I would like Fitzwilliam to have George's abilities in that field," replied the Duke, "He feels comfortable enough with our friends in the city, but I am afraid he is not so comfortable with strangers. George does not seem to have this problem." "He will learn, Your Grace. Your son is still very young. Give him some time. Perhaps it due to his being an only child. That does not make it easy for him but I am sure things will get better as they grow up. You are planning on sending him to Eton in three years, are you not?" "I do not know yet," the Duke answered, "I have not decided but will consider in more depth when the time comes." "I think it would be a good thing for him, because it would allow him to meet both children his own age and older than himself and to gain more confidence in the company of others." "Yes, you may be right, Wickham, but it is not an easy thing to decide. I shall think on it and see when the time comes. It will depend on the results of his efforts with Mr. Sheston." When the Duke found his son near the stables, he said to him, "I am sorry to disappoint you, Fitz, but I believe you too young to touch a gun, for guns are very dangerous thing. We can discuss this topic again when you are ten years old." Fitz responded, "I did not expect a positive answer, Father. Did Mother disapprove of the idea?" "Yes, she did and I find that I agree with her. Mr. Wickham thinks it might be better to wait a little longer. Come, Fitz, let us ride together." They galloped through the fields and Fitzwilliam soon forgot his disappointment. He had not really thought he would be allowed to go hunting this year and by the time his ride with his father was over, he had forgotten his disappointment. He would wait another two years. He was very eager to go hunting but knew how to be patient. While the hunters were busy, George showed his comrade how to kill an unarmed bird. They went to Lambton and on the meadow, they picked chestnuts from the tree near the fountain. They then took their harvest to the forge, which made holes in the fruit. George showed Fitzwilliam how to make a chain of two or three of them on a piece of string, twirl it over his head and throw it at a bird flying over their heads. This raw weapon rarely achieved its objective and, if by chance it touched it, it only mutilated the poor animal. Fitzwilliam thought it was a very poor way to hunt, but he loved chestnuts and enjoyed throwing the weapon into a tree or a haystack. One day, he even unintentionally scared a farm girl on the other side of the haystacks. The two boys continued to ride horses to Lambton almost every day and were often joined in their chestnut hunt by some of the boys living in the village. George gave the impression that he knew them all. He talked a lot with them and did not hesitate to make jokes. Fitzwilliam was too shy to join them and he felt they were laughing at him. He thought it would be better to avoid them. He suspected that they were boys who would cause trouble. Fortunately, the chestnut picking ended and Fitzwilliam soon had no reason to go to Lambton, except when he accompanied his father to the bookstore. ? Pemberley, 1794 Mr. Sheston reported regularly to the Duke regarding the progress of his students. On this lovely March day, he was preparing to perform this duty, even if he was not in a hurry to do so. He felt both grieved and concerned because, once again, he had only bad news to announce about one of his students. "We have tried everything, Your Grace. But there is nothing for it," Mr. Sheston acknowledged, "He does not apply himself at all to his studies. I fear that George would much prefer to waste his time satisfying his personal desires. His academic level is currently insufficient to go to Eton - and this is not even speaking of Cambridge." "What do you propose to do, Mr. Sheston?" inquired the Duke. "I have spoken to him several times about the need to focus on his lessons, but this does not seem to have any effect on him. I am unsure as to what I could do; he does not wish to know anything." "Young Wickham's manners are excellent, but I can detect a certain frivolity in his behaviour, unlike my son's serious nature," the Duke reflected aloud, "Maybe I should speak with Mr. Wickham about our concerns regarding his son?" "Your Grace, I have spoken to Mr. Wickham several times, but I am afraid it is futile. He has little time to devote to his son who, unfortunately, is under the influence of his mother, who apparently causes him to see himself as above his true rank. She does not seem to think he should be working and is convinced that her son will become a rich man. How he will achieve this, she does not say but I suspect that she assumes you will do that for George. Miss Dalton and I both think it would be better to send him to a good school, where he will be subjected to discipline and far from his mother's influence. Perhaps then he will be forced to start working seriously. This may work if you summon him here to reprimand him and make him understand that his future depends on his work and that he will be solely responsible for his own work." "I understand," answered the Duke, "You are certainly right and he does not deserve further leniency. What do you have to say about Fitz? How is he progressing? His mother and I do not want him to go to school right now, although I know he will have to do so in a year or two." "Ah, I would like all students to be like Fitzwilliam," said Mr. Sheston happily, "He really likes to learn. He is very curious and wants to know as much as possible. In fact, the only problem I have discovered is that he is often too serious. He does not like to waste time and gets angry when George disrupts their lessons." "It would not be a problem for you if Fitz were to be your only student?" asked the Duke. "Your Grace, it is possible that he may feel a little lonely for recreational activities such as horseback riding or fishing, but I think he will be relieved to take his lessons alone, without being continually interrupted." "In that case, I thank you for your suggestion to send George to school. If you can recommend suitable schools for me, I will speak with Mr. Wickham to see what can be done. I do not imagine that he will be able to leave before St. Michael's Day, though. You will have to fight him for some time to come. Thank you for this recommendation, Mr. Sheston. I will do what is necessary." After the tutor left, the duke sat at his desk looking out the window. "I probably made a serious mistake in showing such interest in Georges Wickham," he thought. "His charming manner and pleasant smiles obviously blinded me to his true character. He is lazy and vain. Perhaps my interest has led George to believe things that do not exist. Anne is likely correct about him. He seems to consider himself Fitzwilliam's equal. I must put right this error. Hopefully, the schooling will make him lose his bad habits. When he is old enough, I will recommend that he think about a career but I should not influence his choice. Even if I would like him to choose the church, it must his decision and not mine. He will choose on his own." First, however, he had to explain to George's father, and then speak to George himself. It was high time young Wickham understood his true place. The discussion with Mr. Wickham was not easy. The steward was aware that his wife's excessive indulgence and ideas of greatness could cause great harm to his son and therefore, he absolutely agreed that George should go to school. He hoped his son would benefit from it. The Duke, too, entertained hopes that George would benefit from this offer to send him to an appropriate school and this was what he explained clearly to the young boy, who came to the Duke's office following his summons. "You must understand, George, that you will be able to depend on your father or others for the rest of your life. You will have to work hard to ensure your future. Only you can do it; no one will do it for you. That is why you are being sent to a school where you will have to work. Make no mistake, the teachers will not let you do whatever you desire. If you do nothing, you will be severely punished. Do you want to embarrass your father and my house? Do you wish me to regret all the kindnesses I have offered you and remove them?" "No, Your Grace," said George, lowering his head with a shameful look. In his inferior place, he was furious with Mr. Sheston who, he was certain, had reported him. Why could he not do what he wanted? It was awful and unfair. He knew he had no choice but to obey because he could not afford to lose his sponsor's affection. But he would find a way to get what he thought was rightfully his. "There is something else you must know," said the duke, staring at his godchild with a severe look, "You are my steward's son. I made you my godchild because of the respect I have for your father. Do not begin to form erroneous ideas, George. You are assuredly not my son. I can offer you some advantages, but that is as much as I will do. If you do not choose to benefit from my assistance, you will have to suffer the consequences alone because I will no longer help you. One day, my son Fitzwilliam will inherit this estate you live on. If you think that means he will spend his time having fun, you are entirely wrong. For this field to remain successful, a lot of work needs to be done. Money does not grow on trees, George. I hope you did not have that stupid idea. That would be tantamount to being disappointed. I hope you have understood. This fall, you will go to school. If you work hard to catch up due to your laziness and preference for fun, you will be rewarded. Otherwise, it is your entire future that you are putting at risk. I had considered sending you to Cambridge, but you have not shown yourself capable of going there. Do not embarrass me, George. I would not wish to discover that you are not worth my help. In that case, I might decide to use my time and money for someone more deserving. Do you understand what I mean?" "Yes, Your Grace." "Very well. I hope that I will not be required to call you to order. Avoid believing in your mother's ideas, for they are absurd. If you want to make a fortune, it will not depend on anyone else but yourself – do not forget that. You can leave now, George. Do not blame me for talking to you like that because it is for your own good and I do not want to see you ruin your future." George Wickham said nothing, giving the impression of being ashamed when, in reality, he was furious. He bowed politely and left the room. With fists clenched, he advanced without paying attention to those in front of him and the servants were forced to move away to avoid being hit. The young Wickham was enraged and he did not understand why the Duke had spoken to him like that. It is true - he had never considered that he would have to work one day. The Duke claimed that his mother was talking nonsense to him and that he, George Wickham, had deluded himself. But it was far more pleasant to believe her. Why should he live a miserable life when he deserved better? If he now had to get what he wanted on his own, he'd show them what he was worth. He would work since he had no choice, but when the time came, he would marry a rich woman, which would allow him to live as he pleased. He would no longer have to go to any trouble to earn a living. He would not be like his father, forced to work for someone. No! He would lead his life as he saw fit! ? After the departure of his godchild, the Duke sighed deeply. He was uncertain if the boy truly understood what had been told to him. He sighed again. He had no choice but to wait and see. Everything depended on George now. While speaking with the boy, the Duke had seen a gleam of rebellion in his eyes, but he sincerely hoped young Wickham would understand that he would only be harming himself if he were to disobey, for no further help would be forthcoming if he did not prove worthy. The Duke had never liked wasting his time and he intended to clearly demonstrate that. He was beginning to realize that George's manners and smiles could lead to a lot of harm to those around the young man, especially to young girls. He was hoping that it would not come to that but, if so, George would have to suffer the consequences. He did not want this to happen, for it would break Mr. Wickham's heart, but the Duke was afraid he would be unable stop it. Despite that, he would still do everything in his power to prevent young George's fall. ? During the autumn, there was another significant event for Fitzwilliam: he was allowed to participate in a hunting party, although he was unarmed and only permitted to watch. At first, he stayed with the valets who held the guns but in time, he was occasionally allowed to go with the dogs that were to pick up the birds. "You must wait a year or two, Fitz, before you learn to handle a gun," his father told him, "But I think you can get some benefit from watching how the hunters do it and how the reelers find the birds in flight." "Will you teach me to shoot next year, Father?" asked Fitz. "Perhaps, Fitz. You know your mother does not care for guns. She knows that grouse and pheasants must be brought back to provide the food, but I think she would prefer that you do not participate in this sport until you are much older." With a mischievous smile. Fitz suggested, "Perhaps you could teach me without telling Mother?" "Fitz! That would be dishonest! Have I not always taught you to tell only the absolute truth? A disguise of any kind is an odious thing!" replied his upset Father. "Yes, Father, I remember. I am sorry, but it is hard to wait because my mother does not like guns," answered a chastened Fitzwilliam. "I am aware of the situation, Fitz, but in two years, you will likely be old enough to use a gun, but you cannot do it today. Be patient, son." Fitz enjoyed spending time with his father and evenings when there were no guests, which allowed him to join his father to play backgammon, chess or simply to talk about the stories of Greek and Roman mythology and the history of those civilizations. That evening, Lady Anne sat quietly with her book, listening joyfully to the two people who were most dear to her. Fitzwilliam was delighted when Mr. Sheston introduced him to the classics. He had made a good start in learning Greek and Latin and was always ready to demonstrate his new knowledge to his father. During the holidays, the family of the Earl of Matlock came to Pemberley for a week. Fitz was happy that his cousin Richard was back with him and asked him a lot about Eton. His cousin explained about his new friends and how things were organized in each house. There was a lot to learn and Fitz was very eager to join his cousin, even if the idea of meeting strangers intimidated him. However, he thought it would probably be different because they were children. Fitz was also pleased to see his godfather, Colonel John Fitzwilliam. He had spent two years with his regiment in Canada and was very surprised to discover how mature his nephew had become during that time. When John congratulated his brother on his son's development, the Duke smiled and replied, "Oh yes, he is enthusiastic and talkative in the family circle, but I fear he is rather shy and uncomfortable with other people." ? The Earl of Matlock and his family left Pemberley at the beginning of the New Year, but John stayed longer. After two years of absence, he had obtained several months' leave to rest and was happy to spend the winter with his sister and brother-in-law, as well as his nephew. He took the opportunity to tell about all his adventures in Canada, which was interesting to Fitz. ? In mid-January, Fitzwilliam attended a party at the Wickham house to celebrate George's birthday. When he entered the house, the noise from the living room was very stressful for him. Many boys laughed and screamed, girls laughed, a baby cried, and adults talked in groups when they were not speaking with the children. He moved backwards because he had no desire to get involved in this cacophony, but his tutor encouraged him to enter. He found George in the middle of a large group of children, busily talking loudly. Fitzwilliam offered birthday wishes to his friend, was presented to the other boys and was soon trained to participate in the many games, including one where you had to catch oranges. He loved to play and was sorry when they ended it for dinner. As the guests rushed to the refreshment, Fitzwilliam noticed a small group of girls in one corner of the room looking at him and on the other side of the room, some boys were also watching him whispering to each other. He felt extremely uncomfortable because he had the distinct impression that he was not in his place. In the dining room, several tables had been set up and the guests sat down quickly. The adults sat at a table, the boys at a second and the girls at a third. Fitzwilliam was relieved by this separation. He wouldn't have known what to say to all those giggling, stupid girls whose education left something to be desired and who only talked about dresses or the physical appearance of boys. His relief, however, was replaced by disgust when he realized the behaviour of some of the boys sharing his table. Some of them had exceedingly bad manners and some even started throwing food at others. He looked at them in horror, but said nothing, ate very little and sincerely wanted to go home to his parents. Other unpleasant events awaited Fitzwilliam after dinner. A little dance had been planned and it was obvious that he was expected to dance with a girl or two. He finally chose George's sister, three years his senior. They did not speak at all because she was too frightened by dancing with the Duke's son to consider having conversation with him in a coquettish way and he, as usual, was unable to find anything to say that would interest a girl. After two dances, he was relieved to be able to walk his partner back to her seat, to meet Mr. Sheston, say good evening and thank you to Mr. and Mrs. Wickham and George, before taking leave and going home. It was an evening he hoped would not be repeated any time soon. When he got home, he told his parents about the events of the evening. They agreed that it must have been difficult for him, but they were happy to know that he had participated in the games and danced a little. They tried to explain to him that most of the children present had not had the benefits of education and good society and that he should not judge them harshly. They reminded him that his future social position would place him in a very different circle. He therefore did not need to mingle with the local population on a daily basis, but still had to remain polite and generous, even if there were few common interests between them.
