It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a when single man in possession of a good fortune arrives in a new neighbourhood, all the mothers of that neighbourhood must be earnestly preparing to present their most beautiful daughters at the earliest occasion. The coming of a certain Mr Bingley to Netherfield Park was certainly no exception to this truth. Especially when it became known that he would be in attendance at the Meryton Assembly rooms. On the very day of that Assembly, not far from Netherfield, over a few well kept fields, across a pleasant wooded area and a prettyish kind of a little wilderness, one particular mama, a Mrs Frances Bennet, could be heard through an open window loudly lamenting the misfortune that had befallen her most beautiful daughter. "Oh! My dearest Jane, it cannot be!" she wailed, taking up her daughters hand and shaking her head in despair. "Mr Bingley would most definitely have fallen in love with you the minute he set his eyes upon you, I am sure of it. Now you will not even be at the assembly, all of my hopes are ruined!" Jane smiled wearily from her bed ,her cheeks flushed and her ankle raised up on a soft fluffy pillow. It was swollen and sore but thankfully was not broken. Still, she was in a lot of pain. There was no question of her going to the Meryton Assembly that evening. "Five thousand pounds!" Mrs Bennet continued, barely catching a breath, "and Lady Lucas will make the most of this occasion to snatch him up for Charlotte. Charlotte! You know she can never look anything but plain when you are in a room together! Now you will not be there, and it is she who will marry Mr Bingley. I cannot bear to think of it!" "Mama!" A reproachful voice exclaimed from the other side of the bed. Mrs Bennet's eyes flicked over to her second daughter. "But it is true Lizzie! This was such a great opportunity for us all! How often do single young gentlemen move into our neighbourhood, I ask you?" Elizabeth looked at Jane and saw her wince with pain. She was unsure whether this was caused by the sprain of her ankle, or the high pitched hysteria in her mothers voice as it pierced the eardrum, or both. In any case Elizabeth was certain that her mothers ranting and raving was doing no good for her injured sister so she answered decisively: "Do not fret, mama! Everything will turn out for the best. Mr White said that with a few days rest Jane's ankle will be much better!" Turning to Jane she added in a much softer tone, "Dearest, I will remain here with you tonight and I shall keep you so amused that you will forget your discomfort." "You will do no such thing, Miss Lizzy!" Screeched Mrs Bennet. Both her daughters felt the high pitch again resonate in their ears. "It is bad enough that my beautiful Jane will not be at the assembly. We must now make the best of what we have. Mary will stay here with Jane. I dare say Mr Bingley would not look at her anyway. You, Lizzy, must do your duty. You have a certain charm about you and perhaps this Mr Bingley has a penchant for impertinent young ladies" "I would much rather stay and look after Jane!" Elizabeth tried, and failed to keep the exasperation out of her voice. "You will do as I say!" was all the reply Mrs Bennet gave her. Elizabeth felt her lips twinge as she was about to object, but Janes eyes warned her not to go any farther. "Do not worry yourself for me Lizzy." She reassured, "I will be comfortable here with Mary. If you go, you will be able to tell me every detail of what goes on. No one else can describe things as well as you do." She lowered her voice and then added, "and someone needs to keep an eye on Lydia!" So it was that Elisabeth, Kitty and Lydia were the only Bennet daughters in attendance at the Meryton assembly that night. While her two youngest sisters ran off to amuse themselves, ribbons and curls trailing behind them, Elizabeth was quickly accosted by her dear friend Charlotte whose concerned eyes asked about Jane's well being even before her mouth formed the question. "I have been impatient to see you my dear Lizzy, is it true that Jane has broken her leg? Please tell me what happened?" "Do not be alarmed, Charlotte! It is only a sprained ankle, with a few days rest all will be well. "Oh, my poor, dear Jane! How disappointed she must be - assemblies are scarce enough as it!" "Well, Mama is probably suffering more than Jane. She is certainly making more of a commotion about it all! " Elizabeth proceeded to recount the events of that day, detailing how Jane had been unfortunate enough to fall through the bottom step as an untended crack had given way. She had managed to catch herself on the rail, but had twisted her ankle in the process. The two friends were deep in conversation when at last the long awaited Netherfield party arrived at the assembly halls. Not wanting to appear too curious, Elizabeth schooled her features, outwardly pretending to be mildly indifferent but drinking in the smallest details of the new comers. The party was made up of three gentlemen and two ladies. "The gentleman to the left is Mr Bingley" Charlotte informed, with a slight nod. The man in question had every appearance of being a most amiable gentleman. Always smiling, but not a forced smile, rather one that seemed to naturally belong on his handsome face. Even through the noise of the crowd Elizabeth could make out his jovial laughter as he conversed with Sir William Lucas, eagerly seeking introductions. Elizabeth's mouth curved into an approving smile. "It would appear, my dearest Charlotte, that Mr Bingley will be a very friendly neighbour. He will certainly be an improvement on miserable old Mr Penton." "Well, that wouldn't be difficult, you two certainly weren't the best of friends!" Both girls had to stifle a burst of laughter. "He always insisted on reporting to mama all my unladylike conduct... but Netherfield always had the best trees for climbing, and I never could resist, after all I was but eleven years old!" "I might venture to say that you still have difficulty acting with propriety when there is a tree to climb! Was it not last week that you tore your blue spencer?" As she spoke Charlotte shook her head in mock disapproval, and then added as an afterthought, "I wonder what the new owner of Netherfield would say if he was to catch you half way up the old oak!" This time they both had a much more difficult time hiding their amusement. "My blue Spencer, as you know very well, was torn by a stray bramble on my walk home from church! What do you know about the others in his party?" Elizabeth whispered, staring at the two overly adorned ladies, dressed to the height of fashion, feathers and all and who both looked as though they were going to Almacks, rather than a country ball. "I believe the two ladies are Mr Bingleys sisters, and the gentleman over by the refreshment table is his brother in law" "Indeed, Charlotte, you are an insatiable fountain of information this evening, so pray tell me who is the handsome man staring right through us all, evidently wishing himself somewhere else?" "If I remember correctly his name is Mr Darcy, but I am afraid that is all I do know" From the corner of her eye Elizabeth could see her mother waving her arm in a strange up and down motion while winking and nodding in an attempt to attract her attention. She left Charlotte with a gentle pat to her shoulder and wove her way through the crowd towards her increasingly agitated parent. Mrs Bennet's attempts at being discreet were lacking any real subtlety, and you the time Elizabeth reached her side she had managed to attract the attention of more than just her daughter. "Why must you try my patience so, daughter? Hiding over there in the corner with Charlotte! We must see you are introduced to Mr Bingley!" The formal introductions were soon performed and very quickly Elizabeth found herself very agreeably engaged in conversation with Mr Charles Bingley, who was every bit the friendly neighbour she had surmised. "Such a pleasant gathering!" he smiled, looking about him in satisfaction, "my sisters were concerned about leaving town society, but a country dance such as this, what could be more refreshing?" "You are very kind sir," Elizabeth smiled, her eyes sparkling with mischief as she glanced towards Mr Bingley's sisters, "but I am sure that our small gathering can hardly compare to the elaborate events you attend in town?" "Compare?" He raised an eyebrow, "No, Miss Elizabeth, you are quite right, this warm atmosphere, filled with neighbourly affection, and the heartfelt welcome I have received here, can NOT compare with even the most grandiose of events held in town... this is far more enjoyable!" He looked at Elizabeth with earnest and then, after offering another charming smile continued, "May I perhaps have the honour of dancing the first set with you Miss Elizabeth?" A flush spread across Elizabeth's features. Usually it was Jane, who, as eldest daughter and most beautiful of the Bennet sisters, received such attentions. She had to admit to herself that it would be a delight to have such an agreeable partner and she nodded and expressed her pleasure quite as prettily as Jane would have done. As Mr Bingley and Elizabeth stepped out to take their places for the dance, Elizabeth could feel the all eyes in the room upon her. It was a great distinction. Her friends looked mostly very pleased for her, though some eyes held a glint of jealousy, others surprise. Mrs Bennet was very vocal in her excitement. Her daughter being singled out in such a fashion only served to precipitate the wedding plans that were already forming in her mind. Further down the dance line Miss Bingley was obviously unimpressed by her brother's choice and as for the mysterious Mr Darcy who was standing opposite her, his expression revealed nothing. The dancing began. A more attentive partner, Lizzy had rarely had. Mr Bingley was interested in everything about his partner and his new neighbourhood. He listened attentively and took pleasure in her heartfelt expressions and twinkling eyes as she enthusiastically answered his questions about the places and people she loved best. By the time they separated after the two dances, they both felt as though they had been friends for years. As the evening progressed Elizabeth was rarely without a partner, and when eventually she did have to sit out a dance, she was thankful for the respite, and the chance to more closely observe those around her. Her first appreciation of the newcomers was confirmed. Mr Bingley had danced every dance so far and had soon gained everyone's approval as a true gentleman. He had engaged her again for the upcoming set, and at present was dancing with Mrs Long's niece. Across the room she caught a glimpse of Mr Hurst, again at the refreshment table. She smiled to herself. He was obviously more at ease amongst his own kind, and had been with the card players most of the evening. Tall, handsome Mr Darcy stood aloof not far from her. She was more or less hidden from his view by a group of older gentlemen standing between them, and so made the most of her chance to analyse the man without being observed. He was certainly very handsome. His clothing confirmed his status as a gentleman of some standing. So far He had danced only with the two ladies in his party. As far as she could tell, the rest of the time he had spent standing against the wall, his expression unreadable. She had heard the whispering around the room about how he had a grand estate in Derbyshire and ten thousand pounds a year. "This is a man who believes himself far above our country society" she muttered under her breath. A familiar voice brought her out of her reverie and she started at the realisation that the dance had ended and Mr Bingley had come to speak with Mr Darcy. She was near enough to hear the conversation, and after a brief battle with her conscience she determined that It was not wrong to listen. "Darcy, there you are!" "I see you are making a reputation for yourself, Bingley. You have managed to dance every dance. Have you at last had enough? Mr Darcy asked. "No, not at all! In fact I am looking for Miss Elizabeth Bennet. She has promised me the next set." "A second set? Are you serious Bingley? You will raise expectations!" "Nonsense my friend! I find Miss Elizabeth most exceedingly agreeable company" "Well, I do not see her. Maybe she is with her mother." Mr Darcys tone was slightly mocking. Elizabeth blushed slightly at Mr Bingleys words and then cringed as she realised her mothers shrill voice could be heard all the way from over the other side of the room. A sudden burst of laughter amongst the gentlemen nearby prevented her from hearing the next words they spoke but as it died down she was surprised to hear Mr Bingleys tone change. "Come, Darcy," he said "I must have you dance. I hate see you standing about by yourself in this stupid manner. You had much better dance." "I certainly shall not. You know how I detest it, unless I am particularly acquainted with my partner. At such an assembly as this it would be insupportable. Your sisters are engaged, and there is not another woman in the room whom it would not be a punishment to me to stand up with." "I would not be so fastidious as you are," cried Mr. Bingley, "for a kingdom! Upon my honour, I never met with so many pleasant girls in my life as I have this evening; and there are several of them you see uncommonly pretty, " "Uncommonly pretty? I think not. You are to dance with the only handsome girl in the room, I will admit this: Miss Elizabeth has beautiful eyes. Go! Find her and leave me to my thoughts." Mr Bingley made his way across the room in search of Elizabeth, and she quickly used the opportunity to distance herself from Mr Darcy. She felt a flush of embarrassment creep up her neck and cheeks at having heard the private conversation. "The only handsome girl in the room!" "Beautiful eyes!" She had barely time to compose herself when Mr Bingley came towards her with a grin and an outstretched hand. "There you are! I believe this is our dance, Miss Elizabeth" "I have been looking forward to it" she managed a smile, and they took their places in the quadrille. As they danced she noticed Bingley regularly looking with concerned eyes over at Mr Darcy, who was still standing in the same spot. She could not help herself from doing the same. "Have you been long acquainted with Mr Darcy?" she inquired at last, her curiosity getting the better of her. "Darcy and I have been friends for years, we met at Cambridge. He was in his last year, I was in my first" "Oh!" "You are surprised?" "Well, he seems to be a proud sort of a man, you seem so very different" The dance obliged them to separate for a few moments, and when they found themselves back together he answered. "Proud? Mmm, maybe he is, but not in the way it might appear" "Well I am afraid he does not appear to be enjoying his evening as you do, I fear he looks decidedly uncomfortable." Mr Bingley glanced over at his friend and shrugged, "Ah! Darcy is never at ease with a large crowd, he is no more at ease in London than he is here. ". He gave her a conspirational look and whispered, "Too many matchmaking mothers" Elizabeth felt a pang of embarrassment thinking of her own match-making mama, she was about to open her mouth to speak when Bingley continued his explanation, "He would prefer to marry with genuine attachment, and when he steps into a ball room and hears the murmur of his fortune and has every unwed daughter pushed upon him, well, he puts up his defences, and lets no one through. Please, do not be misled by his solemn appearance. He is a good friend, he has been of precious help to me on many occasions" "I will concede that you know him better than I do, but it seems a shame he will not dance when it is plain to see that men are in short supply, and so many ladies are without a partner. We are not all looking to compromise him! Some of us just enjoy dancing!" Bingley creased his brow and looked thoughtful. "My friend has not been himself these last few weeks. I beg you do not form a hasty judgement" "Please accept my apologies, I do not judge your friend, only, I am very fond of sketching people's character. I take great pride in quickly discerning them, but I am afraid Mr Darcy remains a mystery to me." Elizabeth head was full as she made the short carriage ride home. She was flattered to have danced two sets with Mr Bingley but it was when she thought of Mr Darcy and his overheard compliments that she felt a flush of heat in her cheeks. He was certainly a proud man, he had offended more than one of her neighbours that evening by his silence. The other members if the family were too tired to be their usual loud selves. Elizabeth stared out to the dark outdoors. Moonlight shone down and the silhouetted tree branches moved slowly in the wind. She had certainly many things to tell Jane.
Thank you all for such encouraging reviews. This is my first ever attempt to write anything since my schooldays, so they gave my confidence a little boost... or even a big one. Chapter 2 Elizabeth quietly opened the door to her sisters bedchamber and peeked her head into the room, expecting Jane to be asleep. Her sister was lying quietly, her eyes closed, but as Elizabeth started to close the door Jane spoke out: "Lizzy? Is that you?" "Forgive me! Did I wake you?" "Not really, I am finding it hard to find sleep. My ankle pains me more than I anticipated. Come in and tell me about your evening, dearest." Elizabeth gently closed the door and came over to sit on the bed. Jane pulled down the cover so that Lizzy could slip underneath out of the cold, and Jane listened as the evening was described in detail. "Mr Bingley must have liked you very much, a second dance is a great compliment to you Lizzy... and you seemed to have enjoyed his company" "I enjoyed his attentions very much. He is everything a young man should be: sensible, good-humoured, lively and sincere.. and good! He made me think of you! He would not hear a bad word spoken of anyone!" "Mmm. You still haven't told me much about your other admirer. What was his name, Mr Darcy?" "He is a very handsome man. I am not sure what else there is to tell. He only spoke two words to me the whole evening, and those were "Miss Elizabeth" accompanied by a very civil bow when we were introduced. He had a decided air of superiority, but I think, from something Mr Bingley said, that maybe there is more to him than meets the eye. I would very much like to find out who is beneath the austere mask." "Perhaps the words he spoke to is friend are more revealing than the ones he spoke to you! What was it he said? The prettiest girl in the room? With beautiful eyes? I think that we can safely vouch that the man has good taste!" Elizabeth again felt the feeling of warmth in her cheeks and her heart seemed to beat just a little faster. She was grateful the room was dark. "Yes, indeed. He shows signs of superior intelligence!" she laughed lightly, and steered the conversation to a safer subject, "I still insist in saying that, had you been present, I would have gone unnoticed. You are so beautiful Jane, inside and out, that you cannot help but light up a room when you enter it!" "You are too kind to me Lizzy." Janes voice was weary. Even in the dark, Elizabeth could tell that her sister was in considerable pain. She pressed her to take some Laudanum to help her sleep and then slipped away to her own room for what little was left of the night. ... Mr Bingley was awake long before his usual hour the next morning. He found himself unable to lie abed as he usually would after an evening of dancing but his kind heart was unwilling to summon his man from his slumber before the prearranged time. He pulled his warm robe over his shoulders, and went to the large window that looked out over the beautiful autumn Hertfordshire countryside. His thoughts turned to the previous evening, and what a pleasant time it had been. So many pretty girls. Miss Elizabeth. Her warm smile and her pretty figure had captivated him. Darcy would say that he was easily captivated, that he had a new infatuation every month, that he could not leave a ball without forming an attatchment. But how could he not be drawn in by her sparkling eyes? Yes, her very fine eyes... why even Darcy had noticed those eyes. He smiled broadly and looked out in the direction he guessed lay Longbourn as he formulated a plan to call upon the Bennet family as soon as would be acceptable. The crunch of boots on the gravel below drew his attention. It was Darcy who appeared from around the corner of the house, followed by his groom who was leading Darcy's fine specimen of a horse. He watched from the window as his friend mounted, spoke a few words to the young groom, and rode off across the dew covered fields. It was just like Darcy, to be galloping about the countryside, while the rest of the house slept. Bingley watched as his friend disappeared into the distance and then stood daydreaming until he heard the chamber door creak open : Johnson had come in to ready him for the day. He was the first to arrive at the breakfast room, but he had barely started filling his plate when Darcy entered, back from his morning ride. Both men set about helping themselves to the impressive range of breakfast dishes that were laid out on the sideboard. "Mrs Nicholls certainly knows how to keep me happy!" Bingley grinned, "breakfast is always my favorite meal of the day!" "Of that I am well aware, Bingley! Mrs Reynolds is always in panic to prepare a large collection of morning rolls when she hears you will be a guest at Pemberley. I must admit this is an excellent spread. From what I have seen, you have a very competent housekeeper." After adding another egg to his plate Darcy turned to take a seat at the table. "The Steward also seems to be doing a good job, judging from what I saw on my ride this morning." "Yes, would appear to be a hard worker, and conscientious. He mentioned some drainage problems in some of the lower fields did you notice anything?" Darcy was about to answer when footsteps and voices approached the room and Caroline and Louisa entered together. Dary restrained himself from letting out an audible sigh. All useful conversation was to come to an end. "Mr Darcy! Brother! How are you this morning? I hope you slept well? " Miss Bingley simpered, without waiting for a reply, " I am sure I did not. My bed could not have been aired correctly. I must speak to the housekeeper about it. Oh, and the time it took to bring up my bath water...I was most unimpressed. We shall need to bring in more staff Charles, it will not do." There was a blessed moment of silence as the two ladies filled their plates, interrupted all to soon by another complaint. "Where are the strawberry preserves? I specifically requested strawberry preserves! Can these people do nothing correctly?" Mr Darcy silently stood, walked to the side board, picked up a large glass bowl and placed it in front of Miss Bingley. "I believe this is what you are looking for?" and with a bow of the head he went back to his place. "Oh, yes, er, thank you Mr Darcy. You are too kind." Her plate at last filled, she swiftly took her place at the table choosing the seat next to Mr Darcy. He felt the hairs of his neck stand on end. Like a cat stroked the wrong way, Miss Bingley leaned over and whispered , "I am sure you agree, Mr Darcy, that that yesterday evening was most ennuyeux. I felt most completely out of place and I know you did too. You must help me to convince Charles not to put us in such a dilemme. Such a lack of good breeding. No savoir faire." "You cannot expect, Miss Bingley, to find the same refinement in a small country assembly as you would amongst the first circles of London society. Your brother, however, is wise to make himself known in the community. To establish your family as landed gentry you need to have good relations with the neighbouring estate owners." "Yes, indeed!" Interjected Bingley with enthousiasm, " The Bennet family, for exemple! I understand that Longbourn is the largest estate in the area, after Netherfield. I am determined to further our acquaintance with that family and you shall help me Caroline." Caroline Bingley scowled. Then a smile crept across her face. "Yes Charles, you are quite right. Everyone needs to see the position we now hold here. I have a mind to take Miss Eliza Bennet under my wing. With a mother like hers, and a sister who is infirm, the poor thing needs all the help she can get!" Although she spoke these words to her brother, her eyes remained firmly on Mr Darcy, hoping he would be impressed by her kind benevolence. Darcy kept his eyes fixed on his plate. From what he had observed of Miss Elizabeth Bennet, and he had spent a considerable time last evening engaged in observing that particular young lady, she would most definitely not appreciate any attempt to be taken under the wing of Caroline Bingley. "Then it is agreed! Bingley declared, "we shall call at Longbourn tomorrow! Will you join us Darcy?" Curious to see what would be the outcome of Caroline's efforts, and not at all opposed to the idea of observing Miss Elizabeth again, Darcy declared he would. ... Elizabeth herself had slept longer that morning than was her habit. The Laudanum had been effective, and Jane was still sleeping peacefully when, as was the custom, Charlotte came late in the morning to have her share in the discussion of the previous evening. Mrs Bennet wasted no time in expressing her triumph. "Mr Bingley singled out MY Lizzy for two sets! Two sets! I can hardly comprehend it! Such a shame it is Charlotte, for you, for without Jane there you may have been in for a chance, but it was my Lizzy that caught his eye! Although I am very sure you will manage the disappointment. You are used to it I dare say. Such a delightful man, and so rich! Do you not agree?" Charlotte smiled serenely, used to Mrs Bennet's outbursts. "I am very happy for Lizzy, she is my dearest friend, and I quite understand why any gentlemen of good taste would enjoy her company and I think you enjoyed his... did you not Lizzy?" "Mr Bingley is just what a young man ought to be, sensible, good-humoured, lively; and I never saw such happy manners!—so much ease, with such perfect good breeding!" "He is also handsome," replied Charlotte, "which a young man ought likewise to be, if he possibly can. His character is thereby complete!" "I cannot say as much for his friend!" interjected Mrs Bennet from her chair in the corner, "A more disagreeable man I never saw! Mrs. Long told me last night that he sat close to her for half-an-hour without once opening his lips." "Mr Bingley told me," said Elizabeth, "that he never speaks much, unless among his intimate acquaintances. With them he is remarkably agreeable. It would be well to wait, before we pass hasty judgement. Maybe there is a side to him that is yet to be discovered. It must be so for how else could he be such a good friend of Mr Bingley? For my part I am willing to forgive his pride for the time being." "I do not believe a word of it, my dear. If he had been so very agreeable, he would have talked to Mrs. Long!" Mrs Bennet insisted, but then she stopped and paused as her brain caught up with her mouth, before continuing, in a much softer tone, "but you are perhaps right, Lizzy. We should not be too hasty in our judgement, after all he does have ten thousand pounds. I am sure one could put up with a lot for TEN thousand pounds a year! We must have him meet Jane as soon as is possible! She has the patience of a saint... I am sure she could put up with him!" ... The next morning, as per Mr Bingley's plan, accompanied by Miss Bingley and Mr Darcy, he came to call on the Bennet family. Mrs Bennet, on seeing them arrive, anxiously called her two daughters into the parlour, lamenting that Jane was not well enough to come below stairs, and that Lydia and Kitty had just gone to visit with Mariah Lucas. Mary took her seat discretely in the corner with a book. When Hill opened the parlour door to announce the guests, Elizabeth was, to all appearances, absorbed in her embroidery and Mary reading. Mrs Bennet, much to Elizabeth's relief, welcomed both Mr Bingley and Mr Darcy with equal cordiality, although rather more enthusiastically than was necessary. She called for tea, and much to Elizabeth's surprise, Miss Bingley immediately came to sit by her side." "Miss Elizabeth... you must allow me to call you Eliza, after all we are to be neighbours! I hope you are in good health?" She spoke in a sugary voice then she lowered her tone and added confidentially "I have decided to take it upon myself to be of assistance to you. As you know, we are now the most prominent family in the neighbourhood and I feel I must set the standards of taste and fashion by which my neighbours will be guided. I am quite willing to share my knowledge of the latest fashions, and with a few clever tricks, your dresses will be much improved! "You are too kind, Miss Bingley" Elizabeth's mouth formed a smile, but her eyes were shining with indignation, "However, my Aunt lives in London, and she keeps us well informed about the latest fashions. Your talents would be better spent elsewhere!" Miss Bingley was about to reply, but her Brother, who had been waiting patiently for a chance to speak, beat her to it. "Miss Elizabeth! You were telling me the other evening about place, a view point, from which almost all of Netherfield estate is visible. Oakwood Hill? Or some such name?" "I believe you mean Oakham Mount, sir." "Yes, that is the place. Oakham Mount, you say? Excellent! Is it a long walk?" "From Longbourn it is about a two hour walk, for a good walker, that is. From Netherfield I imagine it would be considerably shorter. It has a most beautiful view, especially now we are well into autumn. The changing colours are splendid. People say it is the best view in Hertfordshire." Miss Bingley let out a small laugh. "I am sure it is very pleasant, Eliza, but it is certainly nothing compared to the beauty of the hills of Derbyshire, what do you think Mr Darcy?" "I do not think I can give an impartial answer. Derbyshire is my home county, it is very dear to my heart. I have, however, on my morning rides here, found Hertfordshire to have quite a charm of its own. I am sure it has many places of outstanding beauty." He looked at Elizabeth as he spoke, his dark handsome eyes softened by his recollection of home. For a short instant their eyes met, and a flash of understanding passed between them. Elizabeth turned away as she felt the familiar glow of warmth spread on her cheeks. "What do you say to the idea of an expedition to Oakham Mount?" Mr Bingley suggested cheerfully. "The days are still warm enough, and I should very much like to see it. Will you be our guide Miss Elizabeth? And of course your sisters with you?" Elizabeth willingly agreed to the project, and the rest of the visit was spent working out the details of the outing.
Chapter 3 The designated day to climb Oakham Mount dawned. The autumn sunshine rose in a clear blue sky and the temperature was pleasantly warm for the time of year. Elizabeth would happily have walked across to Netherfield, and carried on with the rest of the party from there. Mary and Kitty, however, were not great walkers, and Lydia refused to go at all until Mr Bingley insisted his carriage would come and fetch them for that part of the journey, and that he would provide refreshments for all once they reached the viewpoint. The main problem for Lydia was not the walk itself, but the direction in which she would be walking. The regiment had recently been stationed near Meryton, so walking away from that town, to Oakham Mount would been like pulling against an invisible force that drew her irresistibly to the place where all the dashing men in red coats could be found. Jane's ankle was healing well. She could even make her way down the stairs but could obviously not yet go for such a long walk. She waved her sisters away with a smile, but even her gentle nature could not help feeling impatient. She had yet to meet the new residents of Netherfield, and yet she had heard so much about them. She caught herself sighing, and then scolded herself for giving way to self pity, and set herself the task of organising a basket for Lizzy to take later to a family of tenants who were going through difficult times. When the walking party were all gathered at Netherfield house, they set out together along the lane heading back towards Longbourn, and after a few hundred yards Elizabeth led the way onto a well worn path sloping up towards a wooded area. Mr Bingley walked beside her, and Mr Darcy followed behind. Much to his frustration, Caroline Bingley had taken firm grip of his left arm as soon as they left the main road, declaring the terrain as highly unstable. Mary was walking with Mrs Hurst and Charlotte Lucas. Lydia, Kitty and Maria Lucas trailed far behind. "So Mr Bingley, are you decided yet? Do you prefer living in town or in the country?" Elizabeth asked her walking companion, with a smile. "On days like today, I would most definitely answer the country. Master of my own estate, excellent hunting, fresh air, peace and quiet!" he plucked a strand of wild grass, and twisted it between his fingers, "but when I am in town, I relish the balls and parties and theatre, and I cannot imagine a better place to be either!" "You are, then, a very fortunate man!" Elizabeth laughed, "For you will always be content wherever you are. I envy you. It is a rare gift I believe... a gift my sister Jane also possesses." "Ah yes, the elusive Miss Bennet. Your favourite sister! How is her injury healing?" "Much better, I am relieved to say, although it will still be a week or two before she can put her full weight on her ankle." "I am glad to hear it, that she is better, I mean! If she is anything like her sister, it will be a pleasure to make her acquaintance at last." From a few steps behind Caroline Bingley sneered, her voice full of derision. "I am sure you must agree, Mr Darcy, that it is a very unladylike thing to fall and sprain ones ankle? Do you not think so?" ""Time and chance happeneth to them all." Is that not what the scriptures state?" Mr Darcy replied soberly, "I believe in this case it was more a question of being in the wrong place at the wrong time." "Perhaps, but I think it shows a certain lack of grace and gentility." Elizabeth stopped short, and swirled round, her curls bouncing, and her dark eyes piercing, "I can assure you, Miss Bingley, that my sister, Jane is the very definition of all that is genteel, and ladylike!" "I am sure she is!" smirked Miss Bingley, as she threw a marked glance behind her, where Kitty and Lydia could be seen bickering as Lydia attempted to pull the bonnet from Kittys head and Kitty fought back, swinging her reticule by its drawstrings into her sister's arm. Elizabeth flushed, but seeing that neither Mr Bingley nor Mr Darcy had noticed her young sisters shenanigans, decided to ignore the disguised insult, and turned back to the path ahead. After a few moments silence Mr Bingley asked hesitantly "You, Miss Elizabeth, I think prefer to be in the country? Am I correct?" "That is true. I love to be out of doors, to feel the incredible power in the nature that surrounds me. I love to wonder at a huge gnarled old tree like this one." She gestured to an impressive oak standing nearby, "How did such majesty grow from a so small an acorn? I love to close my eyes and feel the warmth of the sun on my face, the whisper of a breeze. There is wisdom all around us if we only take the time to listen. When I am in London it is all hidden behind the hustle and bustle, and I find myself missing my tryst with nature." Mr Bingley looked curiously across at the oak tree, and evidently not feeling the same rapture as Elizabeth did, contented himself by saying amiably, "It is very peaceful here, but do you never find it too quiet?" "Too quiet? No." Elizabeth looked thoughtful for a moment, and then she smiled, "Although, there are certainly not enough occasions to dance!" "That is something we must remedy! What would you say to a Ball at Netherfield?". "I am sure a ball would be much appreciated by everyone, Mr Bingley." The path, laden with leaves of red and gold started a gentle uphill climb through the woods and gradually got steeper as they came out of the trees. Mrs Hurst was tiring fast, and wished she had had the good sense to stay indoors with her husband. After a while she called out to her brother to assist her, and he good naturedly gave her his arm to help cover the final stretch to the top of the hill. Charlotte took his place at her Elizabeth's side, giving her sly smile. "Well Charlotte, what do you think of our expedition so far? You are not too tired I hope?" Elizabeth teased. "Let us just say that I will be glad to reach our destination! We are not all accustomed to walking for miles as you are Lizzy. Mrs Hurst was too out of breath for making much conversation, but I have been making some interesting observations!" "Oh?" Charlotte lowered her voice to a whisper, "Do you see how Caroline Bingley has her claws into Mr Darcy?" "I think a blind man would be able notice that." "It seems equally obvious to me that Mr Darcy can barely tolerate her ... I think he is putting up with her for the sake of his friend!" "Well, that shows good sense on his part! And great affection for his friend! Aha! You see little by little I will discover his character!" "You may get your chance dear Lizzy, for here is he interesting part of my observations: I get the distinct impression that Mr Darcy would dearly liked to have swapped places with Mr Bingley this morning!" "What do you mean swap places?" "His eyes barely left you the whole morning. I think he is as curious about you, as you are about him! Caroline certainly noticed, and she was not impressed!" Elizabeth's cheeks flushed pink, but she retorted, "I think you were so overcome with boredom that you let your imagination run wild, Charlotte. Swap places indeed!" Putting her arm through Charlotte's, she tugged her friend up the last few yards of the hill, shouting, "Come on the end is in sight!" When they reached their destination everybody was in agreement; the view was spectacular. Looking west, you could see Netherfield house, with the sun twinkling in the reflection of the river Lea as it meandered down the valley near by. The tenant's farm cottages were little dots, here and there amid the freshly plowed fields and groves of trees which were a magnificent array of reds, oranges, and golden brown. To the south you could just see Longbourn church steeple, partly hidden by trees. Mr Darcy, at last able to break free from Miss Bingley, came over to where Elizabeth was standing. Her curls were dancing in the breeze, and her eyes were brightened by the exercise. "Miss Elizabeth, it is an exquisite view." "I have always thought it to be outstanding, but I admit that I have nothing to compare it with. I have never travelled beyond Hertfordshire, other than to go to London. As you who have seen much more of our country, your opinion is more objective. I am gratified to hear you like it!" "It is very different from the more wild countryside of the North, but the beauty here cannot be denied." As he spoke, he looked, not at the countryside, but intently at Elizabeth. "I have seen pictures of Scotland and the Western isles, and I am determined one day to see them for myself, but for now on rainy days I take a book from my fathers book room, and curl up in the window seat and that is how I discover the world. " "You are an avid reader Miss Bennet?" "I fear I inherited from my father a love of books. He has quite a collection, and I have read them all, numerous times. At the moment I am wading through Montaigne's "Essais"" "You are reading French philosophy?" Mr. Darcy's eyes widened considerably. Elizabeth flashed a smile, "You are surprised?" "If I am to be honest, yes a little, but pleasantly so. Most ladies I know would prefer a romantic novel." "I will have to admit to enjoying a those also, but often I prefer something more substantial. It depends on my appetite! Isn't it true that some books are to be tasted; others to be swallowed; and some few to be chewed and digested?" "Indeed! You would, I think, enjoy the library at Pemberley, my estate. It is the work of many generations and contains a great many such volumes, many that require 'chewing and digesting'! I am a great reader myself, and unfortunately, Netherfield library is in need of much attention." "Yes, I remember hearing that Mr Penton took most of his books with him when he moved to town permanently. Perhaps Mr Bingley has plans to improve it?" "Books are not Bingley's strong point, I am afraid. He had to read them at Cambridge, but I am not certain he has looked at one since! Netherfield library will not be his priority." "Well, Mr Darcy, while you are here you are welcome to borrow any volume we have at Longbourn, as long as my father is not reading it. He would enjoy having someone else to discuss them with, I am sure!" "Thank you, I may just do that." Mr Darcy smiled. "You see, it was not too difficult!" Elizabeth's eyes glinted with mischief. "Difficult?" "Yes, it was not so hard to have a conversation!" Elizabeth teased, "I have been waiting for an opportunity find out who hid behind the mask you wore at the assembly, and I am so pleased to have not formed my opinion of you based on the man I saw that night. I believe that just now was the first time I have seen you smile!" "I have never found it easy to converse with people I do not know, especially a crowd of people so far below my own station." "And yet, Mr Darcy the true definition of greatness is one who has the capacity to make others feel great." Elizabeth smiled brightly. "Come, I believe the refreshments are waiting!" If the weather and the views were spectacular, no less spectacular and delicious was the feast that the Netherfield staff had managed to carry up to the viewpoint. It was set up next to a rocky outcrop, out of the breeze. By the time everyone had eaten their fill of good food, and quenched their thirst, it was time to begin the walk home, for as beautiful as the day had been, the autumn sun would set early, and the temperature would soon drop considerably. To Elizabeth's relief, her younger sisters had managed to conduct themselves, for the most part, decently. Instead of trailing behind they were the first to start the descent. Mrs Hurst, obviously unused to such exercise, declared herself exhausted and was obviously anxious to return home. Mr Darcy offered her his arm, because it was the gentlemanly thing to do, of course, and perhaps also to avoid again being monopolized by that lady's younger sister. Miss Bingley was visibly put out by this, for most of the path down was only wide enough for two. She followed close behind them, her eyes shooting daggers into her sister's back. The rest of the party followed, Mr Bingley again taking his place at Elizabeth's side. The walk down was much faster than the climb had been and they were soon not far from the lane. As soon as the path widened Miss Bingley was ready to make her move and claim Mr Darcy's free arm. Alas, things did not go as she had planned, for as she quickened her pace to join him, her foot caught on a tree root hidden amongst the leaves. She let out a small cry, and tumbled over, her skirt catching on a branch and tearing as she fell. Fortunately the ditch full of leaves made for a soft landing. "Caroline!" Mr Bingley cried out, dashing forward to help. Mrs Hurst who was closer, quickly proceeded to arrange her sister's skirts in a more modest manner, but not quickly enough to save her from embarrassment. Mr Darcy had been a standing barely two yards away from the place Miss Bingley landed, and though his first reaction was to help, he quickly realised that the other members of the group would be better suited to offer assistance and stepped back to a respectful distance. Miss Bingley was mortified. With the aid of her brother she sat up, but had such a pain in her ankle that she found it impossible to stand. After examining it carefully, Mr Bingley determined it was not broken, just a bad sprain. As soon as the words left his mouth, Miss Bingley let out a loud wail. Mr Darcy offered to hurry back to Netherfield, and to come back with a carriage, and help. So it was that in a fairly short lapse of time, Miss Bingley found herself comfortably in her bed, resting. Elizabeth, although she disliked seeing anyone in pain found herself stifling a smile at the irony of the situation.
Chapter 4 The next morning, the blue sky had been replaced with a grey one. Even darker grey clouds loomed ominously in the distance. Elizabeth looked dubiously out of the bedroom window. "I was hoping to take your basket to the Owen family this morning, Jane. I am afraid it will have to wait." Jane came slowly to the window beside her sister "Of course, Lizzy, you cannot go so far, you will most certainly be caught in the rain. Better to stay indoors. The basket can wait." "Mr Bingley told me that he and Mr Darcy were to dine with the officers today, " Elizabeth mused, "unless of course they choose to stay with Miss Bingley." "Poor Miss Bingley, I know how painful it is to sprain an ankle, but to fall over and... well, expose herself as she did..." Jane blushed, "She must feel mortified. I feel sorry for her." "Well I do not. Maybe now at least she will refrain from spouting rubbish about other people. She does not deserve your pity!" "But imagine, Lizzy! To lose face in front of Mr Darcy, whom it would seem she admires so much. Imagine how she must be feeling." "I am sure Mr Darcy was impressed when he saw how she cried like a baby. Or, how she berated everyone and behaved like a spoilt child! Her behaviour was far more embarrassing than her fall!" "Well, at least try and be tolerant for her brother's sake. He sounds like such a kind and pleasant man" "Oh he is very kind and very pleasant. I almost feel that he is too kind!" "Dear Lizzy! Do you really think it is possible to be too kind?" "Yes! I do! He is far too kind to his sister. He does not check her behaviour. I heard the way she spoke to her staff, it made me feel extremely uncomfortable and I clearly saw Mr Bingley's embarrassment. He does not like conflict, and does not know how to deal with her." Lizzy shook her head. "It is Perhaps Mr Bingley we should feel sorry for." Elizabeth's thoughts wandered back to the previous afternoon. She had felt pity for Mr Bingley, as he weakly admonished his sister. Mr Darcy had barely hidden his disgust at the way she spoke to the maid and footman. He had looked at Elizabeth, with those deep searching eyes, and without words she knew he was thinking of Mrs Bingley's earlier comment about Jane, they both had seen the irony of the situation. A hint of a smile had passed between them... "Do you...do you like him Lizzy?" Jane asked hesitantly. "Mr Darcy?" Elizabeth answered distantly. "Er, no I believe we we're talking about Mr Bingley?" Jane's looked at her sister curiously. "Oh yes, of course Mr Bingley! Do I like him?" Elizabeth shook off her reflection and paused to gather her thoughts. "Yes. Yes, I like him very much. Only, perhaps not in the way you are hinting at. I do not think I am at risk of falling in love with him." "Oh dear Lizzy. I hope you will not break his heart, for it would seem that he is very much attached to you. Mary told me that he barely left your side yesterday.l "It is true, we walked together often, and I did enjoy our conversations and his attention. He is kind hearted, generous and good natured, but...there is something missing. I can't explain it. You know me, Jane! Always looking for answers, searching for the deeper meaning in things. He is so easily contented with what is on the surface. I enjoy a good debate...and I cannot imagine it possible to argue with Mr Bingley. He would back down immediately!" "That is not such a bad thing, Lizzy." "Not for you, Jane, but I do not know what to think. Something just does not feel right. He would not make me feel... complete, and I think in the long term I would not make him happy." Elizabeth sighed. "What about Mr Darcy?" Jane raised both eyebrows questioningly. "Mr Darcy? Why, I have barely spoken to the man!" Elizabeth answered with a dismissive wave of her hand. She was unwilling to share the unfamiliar feeling that the man stirred in her, even with her dearest sister. At least not until she understood its significance herself. Jane looked carefully at her sister, and decided to leave the conversation there. If Elizabeth had something to share, she would do so in her own time. ... Miss Caroline Bingley had just spent the worst night of her life. The physician had examined her, and confirmed that there's was nothing about her injury that a few days rest would not heal. Although her ankle gave her some pain, the principal cause of her suffering was her injured pride. She had spend the entire night feeling sorry for herself, calling for her maid every hour, to rearrange the pillows or to bring her some specific drink, that was then deemed too sweet, or too cold, or in someway unacceptable. As the night wore on, her self pity slowly turned to anger, and by morning, she had worked herself into a state of self righteous fury. "This is all the fault of that stupid Bennet girl!" She muttered to herself for the thousandth time, punching the mattress she was lying upon with venomous anger. "Little miss sparkly eyes. Using her sneaky wiles to persuade my brother to agree to the ridiculous idea of us all traipsing about the countryside. I hate that woman. Hate, hate, HATE!" She let out a ear piercing scream, picked up the book next to her and hurled it across the room, which in turn sent a small vase cascading to the floor with a smash. "Miss Bingley!?" the maid came scurrying in from the dressing room. "Is everything alright?" Her tired eyes took in the scene, but she was well practiced at hiding her surprise, so her face remained neutral. No one below stairs, envied her place as Miss Bingley's lady's maid. It was a precarious position to hold, as the number of maids discharged by Miss Bingley was considerable, and those who held the job were frequently reduced to tears by the lady's poisonous tongue. "No Sarah! Obviously everything is not alright" hissed Miss Bingley, "Where is Mr Darcy? Has he left the house?" "I beg your pardon, miss. I do not know. I have not been outside your rooms since yesterday evening." It was true, the young girl had not seen her bed that night, such were the demands imposed upon her by her injured Mistress. "Well, find out and report back to me... and then see to it that this mess is cleaned up, you useless girl!" "Yes Miss." Sarah curtseyed, and hurried out of the room. As she closed the door behind herself, the exhausted maid saw the master, Mr Bingley, coming quickly towards her, his face concerned "Sarah! What is going on? We heard a terrible scream." Sarah dropped a curtesy, "It was Miss Bingley, Sir," "Is her injury giving her still so much pain?" His brow creased with worry. "Excuse me sir, but no, I don't think it is the ankle that is the problem, sir." She looked at the floor before adding quietly "Miss Bingley has been very distressed all night. She, she has been throwing things.." "Ah!" Bingley looked at the maid with concern, "You look extenuated, have you had any rest?" "No sir... well yes, a little, sir...I, I slept for a few minutes on the dressing room armchair" the maid flushed. "Well, you must get some proper rest now, I will have Mrs Nicholls send someone to replace you" "Thank you sir, but Miss Bingley expects me back with.." He raised his hand, "I will explain the situation to Miss Bingley, now go and get some rest!" "Yes, sir." Sarah curtseyed and quickly disappeared down the hall. Mr Bingley let out a sigh before knocking gently on the door to his sister's chamber. He navigated between the pieces of broken vase that were scattered on there floor and bent to pick up the book that lay open, face down with its pages skewed and folded. His sisters eyes were closed, her face red and her lips tight. "Sarah! Is that you? She said sharply, "Have you discovered where Mr Darcy is? "Caroline!" Mr Bingley's voice was kind, but firmer than usual. He smoothed the pages of the book and put it down gently on the table. Her eyes sprung open at the sound of his voice. "Oh, Charles, it is you! I thought it was my incompetent maid." "I sent her to rest, she was on the brink of exhaustion." "Sent her to rest? I need her here! What about my needs Charles? When shall I be able to rest? I ask you that. I did not sleep a wink" "Mrs Nicholls will provide a replacement to see to your needs." "I will not have some scruffy housemaid.." she spat. "Caroline, be reasonable..." "Be reasonable? After yesterday's disaster all of my hopes are ruined. I have spent the last years endeavouring to prove to Mr Darcy that I am the perfect wife for him. I only went on that ridiculous outing yesterday for him, to save him from being surrounded by all those unfashionable, unrefined country chits.. and now..." "Caroline!" "No! Charles! I cannot, will not remain here, I will be the laughing stock... We shall return to London immediately!" "Now, Caroline" he responded gently, "the only people who actually saw you fall were your sister, Darcy myself and Miss Bennet. You can be assured that no rumours will be spread by any of us. The others were far ahead, and only know you injured your foot, which is nothing to be ashamed of, despite what you might think." "I am sure that Eliza Bennet will take delight in telling everyone in the neighbourhood! I am sure that she found my misfortune hilariously funny. Don't look so incredulous Charles, I saw her mocking me yesterday. Darcy will not look at me now, he can only look at that impudent piece of work. Oh she makes me sick. I tried , I tried so hard, and she just has to bat her eyelids a few times and he looks at her that way, a way he never looks at me." She stopped short as she saw Mr Bingley's face go pale. "What do you mean Darcy looks at Miss Elizabeth?" "Charles, you are so naïve! You cannot see what is before your eyes. A typical man." She mocked, " But do not worry. Darcy may look at her like she is some sort of goddess, he will never act upon it. She is too far below him, he does not want a country nobody for a wife, I cannot fathom why you give her such attentions either." "That is enough Caroline!" He could feel his anger rising, and, as is often the case with those who tend to be mild in spirit, he had no idea of how to manage the feeling when it overcame him. "You will stop insulting Miss Elizabeth. You will stop behaving like a child! You should feel ashamed! But not because you had the misfortune to twist your ankle, but because of your attitude! Look around you. I have a good mind to make you get out of your bed, injured ankle or no injured ankle, and pick up every piece of this mess yourself." "Charles! How dare you speak to me that way!" "How dare I? How dare you? Do you know that your own Mother would not have tolerated your attitude. I have always been sorry for you because she wasn't there for you when you were young, but let me tell you something: She would never have tolerated... this!" he waved in a dramatic gesture about the room. "As kind as she was, she did not put up with nonsense. Louisa and I learned that the hard way from our youngest age, but you have had no such discipline in your life." He walked over to the door, opened it with a jerk and turned back to his sister you was sitting up wide eyed, mouth open. "Well, let me tell you this: We will not be going to back London until I say so." He closed the door behind him, and stood in the hallway, his heart racing and his hands trembling. After taking some calming deep breaths he made his way down stairs towards his study. A growl of thunder rumbled through the darkening skies and by the time he reached his destination the rain was beating down outside. Sitting at his desk, he closed his eyes, listening to the sound of the rain against the window. He sat thinking for a long time, surprised with himself at his sudden ourbust. Caroline could often be very hurtful. That ridiculous tale about Darcy and Miss Bennet! Surely he would have noticed something himself, if it were true. Yes, it was certainly just Caroline trying to make trouble. Although, he would pay more attention to his friend next time they were in company with the Bennet family. ... The rain continued well into the afternoon. As was her custom on such days, Lizzy slipped into her father's book room kissing her father on his forehead before taking her place in her usual place on the window seat. "My Lizzy! How good of you to come and see your old father. I have missed you." The old gentleman smiled warmly at his favourite daughter. "But, papa! You saw me at breakfast this morning!" "Yes Lizzy, but that is not the same as our cosy companionship. I have been looking forward to an afternoon of sensible discussion!" "As have I, dear papa!" "I have had a letter of a most intriguing nature. Can you guess who it is from? -No, I don't suppose you can, so I shall tell you! It is from Mr Collins! "Our cousin Mr Collins?" "Yes, yes, he who stands to inherit Longbourn, and throw you all out into the hedgerows, if your mother is to be believed! That is the man. I would very much like to hear your opinion of his letter!" He handed the page over to Elizabeth with a large smile. After a few moments silent reading Elizabeth had formed an opinion; "He must be an oddity, I think," said she. "I cannot make him out. There is something very pompous in his style. And what can he mean by apologising for being next in the entail? We cannot suppose he would help it if he could. Could he be a sensible man, sir?" "I very much doubt he has much sense at all. I have replied favourably to his request to visit Longbourn. He may provide us all with considerable entertainment at the very least, and at best marry one of my daughters...if I understand his subtle hints!" "Very subtle indeed papa!" Elizabeth laughed, and read an excerpt from the letter in her hand trying her best to imitate the voice of a pompous man, "I cannot be otherwise than concerned at being the means of injuring your amiable daughters, and beg leave to apologise for it, as well as to assure you of my readiness to make them every possible amends!" "At any rate, I have just now sent my reply, and so we may expect him on the indicated day. Do not inform your mother. I will do that myself, at the latest possible moment. The minute she finds out, we shall have no peace, and she will certainly attempt to throw one or other of you girls at him- Although, you should be safe Lizzy, as it seems she is convinced you shall soon be spoken for." "Mama, is mistaken, sir. She goes too far with her imagination!" "Perhaps, Lizzy, but it means that your mother will leave you in peace when Collins gets here. If he is the pompous fool I think he is, you will be grateful!" "I suppose I will! He may of course be a most handsome, educated man whose only defect is that he writes letters very ill indeed." "We shall see, my dear daughter. I must say that I am most curious to meet the man."
Chapter 5 The Library at Netherfield was bright, airy and tastefully decorated. Bookshelves lined two of the walls from ceiling to floor, and a grand fireplace dominated the third. The last wall boasted three large south facing windows against which, for the last three days the rain had fallen almost without ceasing. It was at a small desk by one of those windows that Mr Darcy sat. Without Miss Bingley around to constantly distract him with her attempts to impress, his free time had been put to good use, hence the unusually long letter that lay before him. A letter his sister would be very pleased to receive. He carefully folded the page, let a blob of melted red wax fall and pushed his signet ring into it. Then he sat back with a sigh. He was quite at a loss as to what to do about Georgiana. Ever since the Ramsgate incident she had lost her sparkle. No matter what he told her, she blamed herself for what had almost transpired. Had he been to hard on her? It was true that his first reaction had been to feel hurt by her actions, and he had lectured her. Perhaps he ought to have allowed her to come with him into Hertfordshire. Miss Elizabeth would have been excellent company for her, he smiled to himself. He went to a window, and looked out to where the rain was turning the road into a muddy river in front of Netherfield house. If he was honest, he was becoming frustrated. For the last three days it had been impossible to spend any time out of doors, and apart from discussing the business affairs relating to Netherfield Park, Mr Bingley had been uncharacteristically quiet. Mr Hurst spent his time dozing in an armchair, and his wife spent much of her time keeping company with her injured sister. He had enjoyed the peace at first, but he was now up to date in all his correspondence, and had even finished the hefty volume he had brought with him from London. Dubiously he searched the shelves around him for something else to occupy his time until dinner. He despaired at the lack of interesting reading to be found. The shelves were for the most part bare, and the few books that could be found were unappealing romance novels or out of date tomes on estate management. There was no order to the system in which the books were displayed and very quickly he give up any hope of finding anything of interest. His thoughts drifted back as they invariably did, much to his consternation, to Miss Elizabeth. He remembered every word of their conversation at the top of Oakham Mount. "It takes a great man to make others feel great" she had said. What did she mean by it?The thought tormented him. It was true, he had been very reserved at the assembly. He was not comfortable in a crowd of people. But he wanted Elizabeth to know that he treated his servants, and his tenants, with all the respect they deserved. He hoped she did not equate his attitude with Miss Bingley, and the haughty way she belittled others less fortunate than herself. He gazed out of the window. Why was he so concerned about Miss Elizabeth's opinion of him? He could not seriously consider her as the future mistress of Pemberley. His family would never approve of her links to trade. Her mother was an embarrassment. Even Bingley must realise, besotted as he was, that it was not a good connection. The rain had all but ceased, and the sky seemed to be slightly less dark than before so he made an impulsive decision to take his horse and see whether Mr Bennet's book room was as well-stocked as his daughter claimed. Having quickly changed and dressed to go outdoors Mr Darcy made his way down the hall towards the side door nearest the stables. Still engrossed in his thoughts he did not notice his friend coming out of his study until he was upon him. Mr Bingley looked at him with surprise. "You are not seriously thinking of going out in this Darcy?" He asked. "I am. The rain has calmed considerably and I need some fresh air" "Fresh air? You will catch your death if the rain starts up again!" "I will not go far, only to Longbourn" " To Longbourn?" Bingley asked, the works sticking in his throat and a slight frown on his face. "Yes, I would very much like to get my hands on a particular volume, which needless to say, you do not have in your library. I have been informed that Mr Bennet has the most impressive selection of books in the area" "Ah, you are going to see Mr Bennet" Bingley's face showed considerable relief. "I would hardly be going there to take tea with Mrs Bennet, if that is what you were thinking!" "No, of course. Although... perhaps..." Mr Bingley struggled. "What is it Bingley?" Darcy was losing patience. "You have been out of sorts these past three days, just come out with it man, what is the matter?" "I thought maybe you were going to Longbourn in the hopes of seeing Miss Elizabeth." "What?" "Caroline is convinced she saw a connection between the two of you." Bingley blurted out, "I, I thought she was perhaps mistaken, but Louisa said she noticed the same thing. Is it true Darcy?" "You would have done much better Charles, to speak to me directly on the matter, rather than discussing it with your sisters! So this is why you have been moping about these past days." He sighed, looking blankly into the distance for a moment, before continuing, "I will admit, I find Miss Elizabeth Bennet to be one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen. She would also appear to be an intelligent, quick-witted and kind. Yes, I do admire her. Who could not? But you must realise, I could never allow myself to feel more. She is so far below my station. He family is in trade. Her mother is... "She is gentleman's daughter" "That is true, but you need have no fear of my stealing her away from you. If indeed you have any more rights to her than I do. I did not presume you were thinking of her so seriously. She is not the first young lady to attract your attention, and will certainly not be the last. But her low connections would do you no good either. I should caution you, you cannot show the kind of preference you have shown to Miss Elizabeth in a small community such as this, without raising serious expectations. Now if you will excuse me, I would like to make the most of the break in the rain" Darcy's mind was a blur as he mounted his horse. With only an absent nod to his groom, he set off. What had Bingley said?MissBingley, and Mrs Hurst had perceived his fascination with Elizabeth. Miss Elizabeth. Seen "a connection between them". Between them. Had they seen something in Elizabeth also? His heart almost skipped a beat. He had to get his feelings back under control. He forced his mind to take control of his heart. I cannot think of her. I will not think of her. Yet all the while he fought the guilty feeling that he had been less than entirely honest with his friend, as he directed his horse towards her, towards Longbourn. ... Mr Bennet looked up from his book in surprise when Hill knocked gently on his door to announce Mr Darcy. "Mr Darcy, as you can see I am very much occupied. What is it I can help you with?" Mr Darcy simply bowed, and eyed the volume that was now partially closed, ready to be promptly reopened, Mr Bennet's hand keeping the page. Seeing the direction of Mr Darcy's gaze Mr Bennet continued, a glint in his eye, "Unless of course you would like to share your opinion on the work of Rousseau?" "Rousseau? The man was a fool!" "Such heavy censure deserves to be justified!" Mr Bennet, seemingly indignant, demanded an explanation. Mr Darcy was given a seat, two hefty glasses of port were poured and a heated debate ensued. Secretly in complete agreement with Darcy, Mr Bennet delighted in playing the devils advocate. Both men enjoyed the discussion thoroughly. Pouring out a second glass of port Mr Bennet asked curiously, "You have not yet told informed of the reason for your visit, Darcy. I am sure it was not to argue with an old man?" Darcy described the lamentable state of Netherfield Library, and expressed his hope to find something to read at Longbourn, at Miss Elizabeth's suggestion. He found Mr Bennet happy to oblige. "You are the sort of man I would never dare to refuse anything!" He chuckled. Darcy considered for a split second the notion of requesting the hand of his exquisite daughter, but contented himself by thanking the older man for his generosity. Mr Bennet gestured to the wall behind him, which was filled from floor to ceiling with books. Mr Darcy was not at first optimistic . The room was barely a quarter of the size of the library at Darcy house and only a fraction of the size of Pemberley's; but on closer inspection he realised that as the space was precious, a book had to earn its place on the shelves of Mr Bennet's book room. Every volume had been carefully chosen, some from the best of classic literature, and many very rare editions. "May I compliment you on your excellent collection, Mr Bennet." "I thank you. It has been the work of many years. My love of reading began during my time at Cambridge. I spent many an hour in the library there." "I know the one, I am a Cambridge man myself." At that, Mr Bennet smiled. "Indeed? Well, then you will know what a treasure it is " "It is a most excellent library, sir" " I am afraid that in my Father's Day there was barely a book to be found here. I was determined to Change that. To create my own treasure, for the future generations." "From what i understand Miss Elizabeth greatly appreciates the gift." "My Lizzy, she is worth one hundred sons to me. " a wistful look crossed his face, and he abruptly changed the subject. The conversation that followed was thoroughly enjoyed by both men, they found much in common, and much to disagree upon. It would be difficult to say which pleased them most, for both delighted in a debate. When Mr Darcy stood to leave, he had three books to read, on which Mr Bennet very much counted on having his opinion. ... Unknown to the two Gentlemen, Mrs Bennet had seen Darcy arrive from her dressing room window, and had been dying of curiosity to know what the two men were talking about. She patrolled the hallway, straining to hear the conversation, and ready to pounce as soon as the door opened. When at last it did the poor woman was so beside herself with impatience, she almost burst "Mr Darcy, what an honour it is to have you in our home once again! Pray, you are not leaving without visiting with us in the parlour for a minute or two!" "I trust you are good health, Mrs Bennet?" Mr Darcy bowed his head slightly. He had been half hoping that he would be able to make his escape unnoticed by the other residents of Longbourn. The other half, though, was glad to have a chance to see Miss Elizabeth. "Yes, yes, I am well! Mr Darcy. You cannot leave now, for look! The rain is falling again. I must introduce you to my Eldest daughter, Jane!" On entering the parlour, Mrs Bennet waved her hand dismissively at four of her daughters, "Of course you know Lizzy, Mary, Kitty and my youngest Lydia. Now! May I present my Oldest, and most beautiful daughter, Jane." "Miss Bennet," Mr Darcy bowed, "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am very glad to hear that you are recovered from your injury." "Thankyou, sir." Jane smiled shyly, "I am happy to at last meet you. My sister speaks highly of you." Turning toward Elizabeth, Mr Darcy spoke again, "Yes, Miss Elizabeth! I followed your counsel, and found your fathers bookroom to be as well stocked as you claimed." He held out the books for her to see. "I am pleased you found what you were looking for, Mr Darcy." "Ah, these are on your fathers recommendation. He most specifically wanted my opinion on this one..." He held up a familiar red volume, "I believe it is one of your favorites?" He took a seat near to Elizabeth and they continued to talk together, much to the annoyance of Mrs Bennet, who desperately attempted to catch the eye of her second daughter, but to no avail. When at last Mr Darcy left, with an invitation to return for dinner the next day with Mr Bingley, Mrs Bennet turned to Elizabeth her face furious. "What can you mean by it, Lizzy? Mr Darcy hardly spoke two words to Jane. You monopolized his conversation. Are Mr Bingley's attentions not enough for you? Why must you always be the centre of attention? Selfish girl!" Mrs Bennet was quite overcome, "Oh you will mind me, my girl. Tomorrow you will leave Mr Darcy to Jane. Five thousand a year, is that not sufficient for you that you would steal Jane's great opportunity." Elizabeth opened her mouth to speak. "I will not hear it!" her mother continued, most determinedly, "I am disgusted by your behaviour!" Lydia sniggered in the background. "Mama!" Jane interjected, "Do not try to defend her, Jane. Tomorrow, it is you who will be seated next to Mr Darcy for dinner. I am sure that a as soon as he is allowed to see how beautiful, and how gentle your nature, that he will fall in love with you."
At last! Here is chapter 6. I just wrote it and posted it, so forgive any mistakes. Thank you for all the encouraging reviews. By morning the rain had ceased and the sun was was working hard to dry out the roads. Bingley and Darcy were both glad to be able continue their inspection of Netherfield park. They were particularly anxious to see if the heavy rains had worsened the drainage problems in the lower fields. They rode mostly in silence, Bingley was still not his usual jovial self. After ascertaining that action would be needed to save the fields, the two men split up, Bingley riding back to Netherfield to speak urgently with the steward, and Darcy preferring a longer ride, continued making a tour of the estate. His well trained, critical eye taking note of any other details worthy of attention. The good weather was also responsible for the plans being made at Longbourn that morning. Elizabeth was determined not to delay taking the basket of goods to the Owen family. Adding a loaf of freshly baked bread to the collection of jams, and the warm woolen shawl, Jane sighed and turned to her sister. "I should very much like to come with you Lizzy, I am so tired of remaining always indoors. I need some fresh air and exercise!" Elizabeth nodded, smiling brightly, "I think that is an excellent idea, it would do you a world of good! You are looking paler than usual. If you are sure your ankle is strong enough then we shall go together. " "Well... It is not a long walk, and my ankle is much improved, if we walk slowly I shall manage" A short while later, the two sisters were meandering happily together along the Meryton road. Elizabeth refused to share the load of the basket with her sister, insisting that it was not heavy. Thankfully the main road was for the most part dry, apart from the occasional muddy patch where the shadow of a tree had refused to let the suns rays reach the ground. The Owen's small cottage was not far from Longbourn, and they were soon turning into the little wooded lane that led to a cluster of tenant lodgings. A few steps were enough for Jane. The lane was still in the shade, and the mud was thick. She stopped short, and shook her head, "We cannot walk through all this mud, Lizzy, we will not be fit to be seen!" "Mmm. You are right Jane you really should not attempt it!" A grin spread on Elizabeths already pink cheeks, "but I will go!" "Oh, Lizzy! You shall be six inches deep in mud!" "Perhaps! But the only one to see me will be Old Mrs Owen... and you know, her eyesight is not getting any better. She will not notice. Besides, I am determined she should have the benefit of this warm shawl before winter really sets in. I am sure she would have needed it last week. I will not to delay." "Very well Lizzy, but please be careful. I shall wait for you here." Jane looked with affection at her determined sister, and sat herself on a low stone wall in the warm sunshine. "I will return as quickly as possible!" Elizabeth stepped from stone to stone to avoid the worst of the mud, as she made her way carefully down the lane. Jane watched her progress, until she was hidden from view, then she closed her eyes and listened to the sound of the wind whispering through the trees, it was a cold, autumn wind but the sun on her back was pleasant and warm. "By all means take your time Lizzy!" She said out loud, to herself, with a laugh. No sooner had the words left her mouth, she was startled by the sound of a horse approaching along the main road. With a little sigh, she tucked her feet further beneath her dress, and smoothed her skirts, and looked in the direction of the sound. As soon as the rider came into view she realised that both the gentleman and his horse were unknown to her. The moment he caught sight of her, he slowed his mount, and flashing her a handsome smile, stopped only a few feet away. He stared for a moment, as if transfixed, and then, with a with tip of his hat, he spoke, softly, almost to himself, "You are the most beautiful creature I ever beheld. Perhaps you are... " and then louder "Can... can I be of assistance, fair lady?" Jane flushed, conscious of the impropriety of her situation. Could it be Mr Bingley? He certainly fit Lizzy's description. Fair hair, handsome features and blue eyes, but they had not been properly introduced yet. "You are very kind, I thank you, but am not in need of any assistance. I am expecting my sister at any moment." Slowly dismounting, the young man's eyes never left her "Are you warm enough? I am sure you must feel the cold through that thin shawl?" "I am perfectly warm, sir. Please do not have any concern..." He stood before her, his eyes full of admiration, "I did not realise such beauty could be found here!" As he spoke softly he reached out as if to stroke her cheek. "Sir, you forget yourself, we are not yet acquainted and I think you should get back on your horse..." Jane jumped to her feet, and winced slightly as her ankle twinged. "Aha! I see you are injured! You must come with me, I will escort you home..". He caught hold of her arm and pulled her to her towards him. Jane pulled away, but his hand held tight, his fingers digging painfully into her upper arm. "Release me sir! Lizzy!" Jane tried to shake free, looking frantically down the empty lane her sister had taken, but relief came from elsewhere, as she heard yet another horse on the road. This time she recognised the horseman. It was Mr Darcy. For Jane everything that then occurred was a blur. She heard Mr Darcy cry out, and the mysterious gentlemen, if gentleman could be a word used to describe her assailant, looked around with such an expression of shock and fear, a moment later he was on his horse and galloping away. Mr Darcy followed him down the lane a short distance, but then turned, and made his way back to where Jane was now standing, trembling. "Miss Bennet, are you harmed in any way?" "No, Mr Darcy, I am well, I owe you a great debt of gratitude, but I am well." tears formed in her eyes, and her voice was unsteady. "I am glad to have arrived when I did!" he raised an inquiring eyebrow "You are alone Miss Bennet?" "No! Well, yes! I mean... I am waiting here for Elizabeth... we were to visit some tenants... I did not want to wade through the mud... she will be back very soon" Looking down the muddy trail, and then down the main road, Mr Darcy sighed, visibly frustrated. "I would like to track down that good for nothing" he said, "but I will not leave you alone. I will wait with you, until your sister returns, and then escort you both home" "Was... was that Mr Bingley?" "Bingley? What on earth? No indeed! Why would you think such a thing? Jane blushed in embarrassment and "We have never met, but he seemed to fit Elizabeth's description... you seemed to be acquainted?" "Unfortunately, yes. A most unwelcome surprise to find that sad excuse for a man in the neighbourhood." After a few more minutes Elizabeth could be seen, making her way back up the lane. On seeing that Jane was not alone, she picked up the pace, and soon recognised Mr Darcy. With a bright smile, and a wave she approached "Mr Darcy! I hope you are in good health this morning! Have you had a chance to start reading the...". She stopped short as she noticed Jane's anxious expression and Mr Darcy looking decidedly agitated. She looked from Jane to Mr Darcy, and then back to Jane and then asked slowly. "What has happened? Jane dear, what is the matter?" Elizabeth gaped in horror as Jane explained what had transpired. Mr Darcy was impatient to see , suggested they answer any questions as they made their way back to Longbourn.
